TORONTO — The Raptors are hosting, but supporters of the Maple Leafs and Toronto FC will be welcome to Wednesday's party at Air Canada Centre on a dream night for Toronto sports fans.
The arena's Maple Leaf Square, also known as "Jurassic Park" when showing Raptors games, will host a joint tailgate party night as three of its teams compete in crucial playoff games, Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment announced Tuesday.
The Raptors will host the Washington Wizards in Game 5 of an NBA Eastern Conference quarterfinal, with the series tied at two games apiece. As the host team, the Raptors game will be broadcast on the main screen outside the arena.
However, with hockey's Maple Leafs in Boston for Game 7 of their first-round series with the Bruins and soccer's Toronto FC in Guadalajara, Mexico, for the second leg of their CONCACAF Champions League final with Chivas, MLSE took on the "logistical challenge" of accommodating fans of all three teams.
Screens will be set up in the northwest section of the square to carry the Maple Leafs game, while another screen will show TFC try to come back against Chivas. The Mexican side beat Toronto 2-1 in the first leg last week at BMO Field.
"It's a fun city when the teams are in the playoffs. The city really comes together," Leafs defenceman Jake Gardiner said Tuesday. "You look outside the building last night, it's fun to see everyone so excited and behind you."
Fans attending the tailgate party should expect increased security, including road closures around Air Canada Centre, after Monday's deadly van attack in north Toronto. Major roads near the arena were closed for Monday night's Game 6 between the Leafs and Bruins, and police have told fans via Twitter to expect similar measures on Wednesday.
While Maple Leaf Square has drawn huge crowds for Leafs or Raptors playoff games for years, conflicts between the teams are extremely rare. In fact, prior to last year, the two teams had not been in the post-season at the same time since the square opened in 2010.
Last year there was only one conflict, when Game 2 of the Maple Leafs' first-round series with Washington fell on the same night as Game 1 of the Raptors' Eastern Conference quarterfinal with Milwaukee. The Raptors got control of Jurassic Park that night, as MLSE had decided the team playing at home would get exclusive use of the square in the event of a conflict.
This year, not only is a conflict happening between the Leafs and Raptors when the stakes are higher, but TFC battling in playoff soccer in the spring for the first time in team history has created a perfect storm of sports buzz in Toronto.
Republished with permission from The Weed Blog; Read the original article HERE.
In the next several months, the industry is expecting to welcome two additional recreational cannabis markets, both of which have had operating medicinal cannabis programs for a number of years. Nevada is expected to launch a temporary licensing program to officially allow recreational sales starting July 1, 2017. Meanwhile, the very first medical cannabis program in the United States, California, is expected to begin recreational sales early 2018. Neither of these states will be the first to make the switch from medical to recreational, but they do have the benefit of learning from the multiple states who have already made the transition. As a business owner, this isn't as simple as, “Hey, I have a rec license, so now I can start selling rec.” You have to consider new data points that are required for compliance, new regulations in place that require you to alter your establishment premises, then figure out how to completely redo your workflows to stay compliant with the new structure. Let's look at the history of this process and some of the challenges licensees have faced in making the switch.
Colorado was the first state to allow both medical and recreational sales, and they opened the door in a way that made it easy for licensees. All data feeds into a single data capture system (Metrc), and on top of that, they're allowed to operate both medical and recreational sales under the same roof – a provision that's uncommon in other states.
The second state to make the switch was Washington. Washington followed Colorado's lead and rolled the medical system into the existing recreational to feed into a single, standardized reporting system with built-in controls (BioTrackTHC). Businesses have to classify as either medical or recreational, but it doesn't matter which side you're on, the same level of data reporting is required. So for a medical licensee to make the transition to recreational, the process is effectively identical from a workflow perspective.
Next came Oregon, who made the transition from medical to recreational in a very similar approach to what Nevada is about to use. The state's medical program was operated by the OHA, who enacted laws to allow medical licenses to start early retail sales. This effectively gave the medical dispensaries the ability to sell all inventory as either medical or recreational based on the sale type. While these businesses got a head start on the recreational market share (huge benefit), they became entrenched in their daily workflows and came to rely on them. So when these licenses had to officially transition to recreational, which would be operated by the OLCC, they had to shift their workflows to meet the needs of a new regulatory system, which can often include reclassifying your entire inventory. They may have had the advantage of a head start, but in turn they had to completely change their business operation when the transition became finalized. All of this means changes in operational costs in the short term, so the financial basis that the business has come to rely on gets shaken.
States Making the Medical To Recreational Switch Soon:
With Nevada now accepting applications for temporary recreational sales to start in just a month, licensees need to prepare themselves for when the temporary sales period is over, and for when it formally begins. It could mean changes in your existing reporting structures, your workflows, and operating costs. A flexible business solution will allow you to change your workflows easily and maintain required data reporting.
As for California, the state is expected to handle both recreational and medical sales simultaneously in the CAT (Cannabis Activity Tracking) Solution, as in, they'll be reported into one system. California is still accepting public feedback on their proposed regulations, so don't delay on submitting feedback, be part of shaping history!
Sunil Chhetri playing for Bengaluru FC in a 2017 ISL match. Photo: AP
Sunil Chhetri is a relieved man. On 20 November, the Bengaluru FC and Indian captain got engaged to his long-time girlfriend, Sonam Bhattacharya.
“Fortunately, I didn't need to sing or dance. I had it rather easy and for that I will always be grateful to her. We've been best friends for all this while, so there wasn't really any question of being nervous,” he says.
On 4 December, he exchanged wedding vows and joked about the number of ensembles he had to wear for the occasion. On the field though, Chhetri wasn't exactly known for forging long-lasting associations with clubs.
Now 33, the diminutive striker has never been one to shirk a challenge. He has been a gypsy of sorts, beginning his professional career with Kolkata giants Mohun Bagan in 2002, when he was 17. Since then, he has played for 10 clubs across five states and three countries. Six states, if you include his youth club City FC, a Delhi-based amateur team. In 2010, he travelled to Missouri, US, to play for Major League Soccer outfit Sporting Kansas City, but did not play a single match. In October 2012, he made his debut for Portuguese second-division outfit Sporting CP B, though he would make just two more appearances for them.
From 2002-13, Chhetri never spent more than three years at a club. “I wasn't really looking for stability,” he says.
Sixteen years after his debut, he is at the top. In June, he broke into the top five highest active international goal-scorers. With 56 goals for India, he is only behind Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi, David Villa and Clint Dempsey.
When his ninth club approached him in 2013, Chhetri was 29, and at his peak. The team that approached him was a just couple of months old.
Bengaluru FC made a statement when they recruited India's captain. “I'm used to taking burdens and I'm going to give everything I am capable of to this club. I'm not setting any targets but I'm sure we can achieve a lot of things if we stick together,” Chettri told the press when he joined the club.
It's been four years, and Chhetri is still at Bengaluru FC. This is now officially his longest stint at any football club, albeit one that has been punctuated by loan spells with the Indian Super League's (ISL's) Mumbai City FC. The traveller who wasn't seeking shelter, unexpectedly found a home, an extremely competent one.
Since its formation, the club's rise has been meteoric—and he has played a crucial role in the ascent. BFC won the I-League twice (2013–14 and 2016–17). In 2016, they became the first Indian outfit to reach the AFC Cup finals.
The Blues made their ISL debut this November and entered the competition as one of the favourites. They're one of the two teams that haven't changed managers entering season 4. They've retained the nucleus of their squad, which includes the centre-back pairing of John Johnson and Juanan, and winger Udanta Singh.
Bengaluru won their first ISL game 2-0 against Mumbai City FC last month, with Chhetri scoring a late opportunistic second. His side has won three of their opening four games. Four days after his wedding, he was part of the starting elven against NorthEast United FC.
“When I did find it (longevity) in BFC, I wasn't willing to throw it away. There are too many things that are special about this club. But the biggest factor is the way everyone at the club feels about it—the owners, staff, management, players and fans. This is family,” says Chhetri who, at No.100, is the only Indian footballer to have made it to the Forbes India Celebrity 100 list, with annual earnings of Rs2.3 crore.
A large part of Chhetri's success is down to his ability to shield the ball in tight situations. On most occasions, he's up against defenders far more imposing than him. He can't simply afford to stay static in the box.
“You have to put your head down and keep working hard. You could be blessed with all the skills in the world but eventually hard work will have a final say. I have also been blessed with fantastic people on and off the pitch who have always been around me, working as a sounding board,” he says.
While the possibility of hanging up his boots hasn't loomed large, questions continue to pop up from time to time. When he does retire, how does he want to be remembered?
“I'm going to have to answer that in another 10 years from now” says Sunil Chhetri, no longer the journeyman but a torchbearer for Indian football.
TORONTO — Corus Entertainment Inc. says it and Bell Media Inc. have agreed to end a deal on two Quebec specialty television channels after the proposed sale was blocked by the Commissioner of Competition.
Corus said on Monday it was reviewing the commissioner's rejection of the deal to sell French-language channels Historia and Series+ to Bell.
When the companies announced the sale in October 2017, they valued the transaction at about $200 million.
In addition to Competition Act approval, the deal had required approval from the CRTC.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A driver had taken cocaine when he ran over a drunk teenager lying in the road after he mistook her for a discarded bag, a court heard.
Liam Flaherty fatally hit 19-year-old Ayesha Rahman as she lay down late at night in 2015.
The 35-year-old at first thought her prostrate body was a bag but realised too late it was a person.
He was unable to swerve enough to avoid her, Manchester's Minshull Street Crown Court heard on Monday.
Ayesha suffered serious head and chest injuries in the crash in Gatley, Greater Manchester, and later died in hospital.
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
Flaherty, of Knutsford, Cheshire, was within the speed limit and stopped at the scene, but was found to have a small amount of cocaine in his system, the Manchester Evening News reports
He was sentenced on Monday after pleading guilty to causing death by careless driving while over the prescribed drugs limit and driving under the influence of drugs.
But a 16-month jail term was suspended for two years.
The court heard Flaherty is serving a term of five years and one month handed to him in Spain for drugs offences last year.
(Image: MEN/ WS)
No more details of the Spanish prosecution were given.
He will now be returned to Spain and extradited back to the UK upon completing his prison sentence.
Following her death, Ayesha's friends paid tribute to her describing her as ‘clever, arty and beautiful'.
Her friends had dropped her off following a trip out into Manchester and although she was ‘very drunk' they thought she had got home safely.
But she was later seen walking in the middle of the road and refused help when a passerby asked if she was alright. She then lay down on the road.
(Image: MEN/ WS)
Prosecuting, Charlotte Crangle said: “We can't say what caused her to be in the middle of the road.
“People at the scene, including the defendant, said he had clipped her and tried to avoid her.
“(Her mum) was able to see her in hospital and be with her daughter when she passed away.”
The collision happened on July 20, 2015, at around 11.30pm.
It was said a fragment of Ayesha's jacket had been found in the wheels of Flaherty's car.
And that the streetlights the road were obscured by trees in places.
Defending, Stuart Duke said his client had identified a hazard in the road but not realised it was a human.
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
He said: “This is a sad case. No one will know how she came to be lying in the road on that fateful evening. The defendant says not a day goes by without him thinking about Ayesha.
“He expresses remorse and regret, he accepts if he had paid more attention he wouldn't be standing here today.
“He apologises, no sentence will take away the events of that night.”
Mr Duke asked because of Flaherty's ‘unusual and unique circumstances' if his jail sentence could be suspended.
In agreeing, Judge Maurice Greene said: “The facts themselves are highly unusual as she was already in the road and you had little time to react.”
Flaherty told police he had taken cocaine the day before the collision. He was also given a three-year driving ban.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Owen Farrell faces a race against time to be fit for the Lions' Test series after suffering a quad muscle strain in training.
The fly-half is considered THE key player for Britain and Ireland in the upcoming trio of matches against the world champion All Blacks.
But he pulled up lame today after being named on the bench to face the Maori All Blacks here on Saturday and Dan Biggar was promoted to the 23 instead.
Farrell, 25, was sidelined for a month back in 2014 with the same injury. If he does not recover in time, Johnny Sexton will wear the no.10 jersey, as he does against the Maori.
(Photo: Getty Images AsiaPac)
The news capped an eventful day for team boss Warren Gatland who announced tour captain Sam Warburton “will understand” if he is not selected for the First Test.
Gatland has named his skipper on the bench for Saturday in what is regarded as THE dress rehearsal for the Test series. But he was not prepared to offer the Wales star any guarantees about next week.
“One of the reasons we selected Sam as captain of the squad is that he is an absolute quality player,” Gatland said.
“But this tour isn't about Sam Warburton, it's about putting the squad first, and so if he's not involved in the first Test because of the performance on Saturday night he will fully understand that.”
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: Sportsfile)
Peter O'Mahony wears the armband here in Rotorua, as part of the back row trio in pole position to start the series opener in Auckland a week tomorrow.
Sean O'Brien and Taulupe Faletau complete the triumvirate in a pack which has the look of a Test eight, with the exception of lock where Alun Wyn Jones is still favourite to get the nod ahead of Maro Itoje.
“Sam is well aware of the competition that is there at the moment,” Gatland added. “He fully understands that that loose forward trio went outstandingly well against the Crusaders.
“The challenge for them is to repeat it. And if they do it again, we'll make what we think is the right selection for the Test match.”
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: Rex Features)
NZ MAORI: J Lowe, N Milner-Skudder, M Proctor, C Ngatai, R Ioane; D McKenzie, T Kerr-Barlow; K Hames, A Dixon (capt), B May, J Wheeler, T Franklin, A Ioane, E Dixon, L Messam.
LIONS: L Halfpenny (Wales); A Watson (England), J Davies (Wales), B Te'o (England), G North (Wales); J Sexton, C Murray (both Ireland); M Vunipola, J George (both England), T Furlong (Ireland), M Itoje, G Kruis (both England), P O'Mahony (capt, Ireland), S O'Brien (Ireland), T Faletau (Wales).
Replacements: K Owens (Wales), J McGrath (Ireland), K Sinckler (England), I Henderson (Ireland), S Warburton (Wales), G Laidlaw (Scotland), D Biggar (Wales), E Daly (England).
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In tonight's Hollyoaks, Harry Thompson finally confesses to murdering Amy Barnes.
Tony Hutchinson is horrified to discover that his son is the killer and doesn't know what to do with this shocking new information.
The bombshell is revealed after Ste Hay returns to the village, but after trying to avoid Harry he finds out that Ryan has given his consent for the police to exhume Amy's body.
Ste decides to confront Harry, but their argument is overhead by Tony and he believes Ste is the actual killer.
(Image: Channel 4)
(Image: Channel 4)
Tony picks up the phone to call the police, but is stunned when Harry confesses that he is the one that murdered Amy.
Will Tony grass his own son up to the police?
Meanwhile, Mac fells threatened after Damon and Brody move into The Dog flat and makes sure they know who is boss.
(Image: LIMEPICTURES)
(Image: LIMEPICTURES)
Elsewhere, Nana McQueen returns to the village, and receives two big bombshells.
She and Myra think Cleo is back using drugs, so she is forced to reveal she's pregnant.
* Hollyoaks airs tonight on E4 at 7.00pm
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron were sitting down Tuesday for private talks covering a lengthy agenda, including the future of the Iran nuclear deal, during the French leader's second day in Washington.The pageantry of Macron's official state visit, the first of the Trump presidency, comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera.Monday night was more relaxed, featuring a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and a trip to the Potomac River home of George Washington with their wives for dinner. The presidents and their spouses hopped on a helicopter bound for Mount Vernon, Washington's historic riverside home, for a private dinner one night before the leaders sit down for talks on a weighty agenda including security, trade and the Iran nuclear deal."This is a great honor and I think a very important state visit given the moment of our current environment," Macron said Monday after his plane landed at a U.S. military base near Washington.Macron's pomp-filled three-day state visit to Washington underscores the importance that both sides attach to the relationship: Macron, who calls Trump often, has emerged as something of a "Trump whisperer" at a time when the American president's relationships with other European leaders are more strained. Trump, who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony, chose to honor Macron with the first state visit of his administration as he woos the French president.For all their camaraderie, Macron and Trump disagree on some fundamental issues, including the multinational nuclear deal, which is aimed at restricting Iran's development of nuclear weapons. Trump, skeptical of the pact's effectiveness, has been eager to pull out as a May 12 deadline nears. Macron says he is not satisfied with the situation in Iran and thinks the agreement is imperfect, but he has argued for the U.S. sticking with the deal on the grounds that there is not yet a "Plan B."The Trumps and Macrons helped plant a tree on the White House grounds together before boarding Trump's Marine One helicopter for a scenic tour of monuments built in the capital city designed by French-born Pierre L'Enfant as they flew south to Mount Vernon, the first U.S. president's home along the Potomac River.The young oak is an environmentally friendly gift to the White House from Macron, and one that also bears historical significance. It sprouted at a World War I site in France, the Battle of Belleau Wood, that became part of U.S. Marine Corps lore.After Trump's helicopter landed at Mount Vernon, the two presidents, each holding his wife's hand, walked a short distance and posed for pictures before they boarded golf carts that ferried them to the front door of Washington's plantation house. The couples were led on a brief outdoor tour before they entered the pale yellow building for dinner of Dover sole, pasta stuffed with lemon ricotta, and chocolate souffle and cherry vanilla ice cream.Trump declared the dinner "really fantastic" before returning to the White House.He ended his first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. He was Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the center of Paris. Macron and his wife also took Trump and America's first lady on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.Macron will be welcomed back to the White House on Tuesday with a traditional arrival ceremony featuring nearly 500 members of the U.S. military and a booming 21-gun salute. The state visit also offers Macron his first Oval Office sit-down with Trump and a joint White House news conference. There's also a State Department lunch hosted by Vice President Mike Pence.The French president's White House day will be capped Tuesday night with a state dinner, the highest social tribute a president bestows on an ally and partner.Melania Trump played an active role in every detail of the visit, said White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders.The first lady settled on a state dinner menu of rack of lamb and nectarine tart, along with after-dinner entertainment provided by the Washington National Opera for about 150 guests. On Monday, she released details of the glitzy affair being planned to dazzle Macron and his wife, Brigitte.Dinner will be served in the State Dining Room, which will feature more than 2,500 stems of white sweet pea flowers and nearly 1,000 stems of white lilac. Separately, more than 1,200 branches of cherry blossoms will adorn the majestic Cross Hall.The first lady opted for a cream-and-gold color scheme, and will use a mix of china services from the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush.State dinner tickets are highly sought after by Washington's political and business elite. A few of those expected to attend: Christine Lagarde, head of the International Monetary Fund and a former top French government official; House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.; Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and his wife, Louise Linton; Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, Sen. Bill Cassidy, R-La., and Mike Pompeo, Trump's choice to be the next secretary of state.In a break with tradition, Trump has invited no congressional Democrats or journalists, said a White House official who was not authorized to discuss the arrangements publicly. But some Democrats did make the cut, including Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards, whose office confirmed his attendance.
Consumer Watchdog Proposes New Rules On Payday Lenders
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rogelio V. Solis/AP Rogelio V. Solis/AP
Many payday lenders could go out of business if rules made final this week by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau go into effect. But the changes face stiff headwinds from Republicans in Congress.
One new rule would require payday and auto title lenders to determine if a borrower can afford to repay in full within 30 days. That could thwart a business model that consumer advocates say relies on the rollover of unpaid loans with the accumulation of exorbitant fees and interest rates of 300 percent or more.
The proposed regulations also would limit the number of times a lender can debit a borrower's account without being reauthorized to do so. As The Associated Press writes, "This is because many payday loan borrowers end up over-drafting their bank accounts, which in turn incurs fees" or forces them to close their accounts.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Steve Helber/AP Steve Helber/AP
"Too often, borrowers who need quick cash end up trapped in loans they can't afford," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement. "The rule's common-sense ability-to-repay protections prevent lenders from succeeding by setting up borrowers to fail."
Investopedia writes:
"Payday lenders offer short-term cash loans in exchange for a postdated check, usually dated for your next payday. The amount of the check includes the loan total and a finance charge. For example, you write a check for, say, $115 to receive a $100 loan. Given a two-week loan term, which is fairly standard, the $15 finance charge works out to an APR of nearly 400%, and this assumes you pay back the loan on time."
But a 2014 study by the CFPB found that the vast majority of payday loans are not paid back on time: More than 80 percent are rolled over or followed by another loan within two weeks. The study found that 15 percent of new loans "are followed by a loan sequence at least 10 loans long."
"Payday and car title lenders profit from repeatedly dragging hard-pressed people deeper and deeper into debt, and taking advantage of families when they are financially vulnerable," said Lisa Donner with Americans for Financial Reform. "Curbing the ability to push loans that borrowers clearly cannot repay is a key protection."
However, the Financial Services Association of America, a trade group that represents the $39 billion industry, says the rule would devastate an industry that serves 30 million to 40 million customers a year.
"Taking away their access to this line of credit means many more Americans will be left with no choice but to turn to the unregulated loan industry, overseas and elsewhere, while others will simply bounce checks and suffer under the burden of greater debt," says Ed D'Alessio, the group's executive director.
The CFPB estimates that loan volume for the industry could be cut in half and that many of the 16,000 payday lender stores in 35 states will be forced out of business. Fifteen states have effectively banned such lenders.
Along with finalizing the proposed CFPB rule, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on Thursday lifted restrictions that kept banks from making small-dollar loans, Reuters reports.
The payday rule would not go into effect until 2019 and still could be rolled back by Congress.
The CFPB, created under the Obama-era Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, has been in the cross-hairs of the Trump administration and Republicans lawmakers who say it saddles businesses with excessive red tape.
In February, Sen. Mike Rounds (R-ND) introduced a bill to cut funding to the CFPB. In June, House Republicans voted overwhelmingly in favor of a bill pushed by Texas GOP Rep. Jeb Hensarling to weaken the bureau and roll back the Dodd-Frank act.
According to an opinion poll published in April by the Pew Charitable Trusts, 70 percent of 1,205 American adults surveyed want more regulation of payday lenders.
#ScootersBehavingBadly: U.S. Cities Race To Keep Up With Small Vehicle Shares
Enlarge this image toggle caption AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images
From San Francisco to Washington, D.C., e-scooters and dockless bikes have become the latest transportation trend to grip urban spaces — and local governments are struggling to keep up.
The concept is simple: Riders download an app, find and unlock a scooter or bike, and leave it when they're done. Many cost as little as $1, and fans of the services tout them as faster, easier, and greener ways to get where they're going.
But some residents are angry about what they call bad behavior: riders weaving in and out of traffic without helmets; speeding down sidewalks and blocking the way for pedestrians and those with disabilities; and discarding bikes and scooters in inconvenient places. It's even inspired a hashtag: #ScootersBehavingBadly.
Cities have clashed with the rental companies on ways to approach regulation. San Francisco and Santa Monica both have issued cease-and-desist orders to a handful of firms until they can come up with solutions. In Austin, Texas, the company LimeBike deployed 200 scooters before it finished negotiating an agreement with the city.
Patrick Sisson, a reporter with the website Curbed, says local governments largely have been unprepared to regulate the new transportation technologies, and are having to play catch-up on creating new rules.
"It sort of follows the same blueprint we saw with Uber and Lyft, where tech companies are looking to provide transportation mobility solutions," Sisson says. "But they're asking for forgiveness after the fact instead of permission before the fact."
Interview Highlights
On #ScootersBehavingBadly in California
It's what some have called "Scooter-geddon." In San Francisco especially, people have been complaining quite a bit about these scooters — that they're blocking the right of way. San Francisco has issued a lot of declarations and passed laws that are looking for permitting of the scooters. They're actually even asking scooter riders to take photos of where they park their scooters to make sure the not blocking the right of way. In Santa Monica, the company Bird settled for $300,000 with the city after being fined for safety violations and blocking the right of way....
This is also spreading to cities like Washington, D.C., and Austin where people are having the same complaints.
On how e-scooters and dockless bikes provide solutions to other transportation issues
The tech companies — they're on to something. I mean, there's a great desire for people to have car-free, last-mile transportation solutions [instead of walking from the train or bus]. I remember speaking to someone in Santa Monica city government that says, "You know, we really like the idea of having these around — it's just there's existing transportation infrastructure, there are safety issues. We just gotta make sure it's properly regulated."
On cities' solutions to issues created by new forms of transportation
Seattle's been trialing a dockless bike parking space that maybe is showing what could be done in scooters and other situations. You're also seeing in San Francisco that Lyft is trialing a dropoff and pickup system, where they would designate certain parts of a neighborhood for dropping off and picking up riders. There's a lot going on, and I think we're still sort of an early day in terms of how this regulation is going to work.
Alyssa Edes and Jolie Myers produced and edited the audio story.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's Afternoon Tea Week, aka the perfect excuse to tuck into all of your favourite cakes, scones and finger sandwiches - all while sipping on a classic brew.
And when it comes to afternoon tea with a twist, London never fails to up the ante.
As well as a whole host of classic posh offerings, the capital's restaurants and bars offer a whole host of exciting alternatives too - think Alice in Wonderland themes and secret gardens.
The sheer amount of choice can be somewhat overwhelming, so we decided to give you a helping hand.
We teamed up with DesignMyNight.com to search out the best afternoon tea spots in London, whether you're after something classic or looking to try a tea with a twist.
From a vintage bus tour to champagne high tea, check out our top picks below...
Looking for more afternoon tea inspiration? We've also rounded up the best ones across the UK , and they're surprisingly budget-friendly too.
1. Dalloway Terrace
(Image: Dalloway Terrace)
You can expect heaps of fairy tale-worthy charm in this beautiful hotspot, inspired by Virginia Woolf's 1925 novel.
Think white flowers, festoon lights, pinstripe covers and candlelit tables for two for an afternoon tea experience unlike any other.
The menu is equally enticing, with the likes of smoked salmon with lemon creme fraiche on beetroot bread, or sweet treats such as yuzu caramel parfait with red berries.
As for drinks? There are plenty of different infusions from the Rare Tea Company - or for something extra special, a glass of fizz.
How much? Prices for the Sparkling Afternoon Tea start from £35. Click here for more information .
2. The Sanderson Hotel
(Image: DesignMyNight.com)
The Mad Hatter's Afternoon Tea at The Sanderson is as whimsical as they come!
Inspired by Lewis Carroll's iconic novel, you'll feel like you've tumbled down the rabbit hole right with Alice thanks to all the delectable themed treats.
Expect a King of Hearts parmesan croque monsieur stack to Tweedle Dee's lemon curd financier, not to mention Alice's 'Drink Me' potion (cinammon, apple and peach) to sip on after your tea.
How much? Prices start from £48. Click here for more information .
3. Hotel Cafe Royal
(Image: DesignMyNight.com)
If you're after a quintessentially British setting to celebrate Afternoon Tea Week, head to the opulent Oscar Wilde bar at Hotel Café Royal.
Expect intricately gold patterned walls, lengthy mirrors and pink plush seats that are ideal for sinking into before tucking into the feast that is the afternoon tea menu.
Expect classics including mouthwatering sandwiches and scones, alongside quirky delicacies such as strawberry mojito macaroons.
How much? Prices start from £42. Click here for more information .
4. Secret Garden Afternoon Tea
(Image: DesignMyNight.com)
It's easy to forget that you're in the UK's largest city when you escape to the lusciously green retreat that is The Roof Gardens.
Located 100ft above Kensington, the bar boasts four beautiful gardens where you can enjoy al fresco dining amidst colourful flowers and the resident flamingos.
The menu itself is pretty impressive too: there's a wide selection of scones with clotted cream and jam, not to mention a host of savoury and sweet treats which you can team with loose leaf teas, coffee or even a glass of fizz.
How much? Prices start from just £38. Click here for more information .
5. BB Afternoon Tea Bus
(Image: DesignMyNight.com)
Never been to London before? Well this nifty experience lets you not only indulge in all the sweet treats you'd expect from an afternoon tea, but you get to see all the sights in the process too!
This whirlwind tour offers seats in a vintage double decker bus which drives around the city past all of the major sights from Big Ben to The Royal Albert Hall, for a bus journey unlike any other!
Plus they also offer vegetarian and gluten free options so it's ideal for those with dietary requirements.
How much? Prices start from £45. You can bring your own booze for an extra £5 corkage fee. Click here for more information .
6. The Den
(Image: DesignMyNight.com)
If you're after something a bit fancier - but without a hefty price tag to match - then The Den on St Martin's Lane might be just the ticket.
The setting? A luxurious and cosy lounge with oak panelling, plush armchairs and board games on offer including backgammon.
As for the menu? Expect honey roast ham and Somerset cheddar baked brioche, alongside éclairs with chocolate and hazelnut mousse.
As for the accompanying tipple? There are plenty of teas on offer but for those wanting something a bit punchier, you can opt for a glass of fizz or one of their famous G&Ts.
How much? Prices start at £29.50. Click here for more information .
7. Millie's Lounge at The Ned
(Image: DesignMyNight.com)
London's hottest new hotel and private members club The Ned also offers a pretty restaurant that makes for the ideal afternoon tea setting.
Millie's Lounge is a beautifully decorated space with a vintage feel; think pink cushioned booths and armchairs alongside a grand oak and marble bar.
The tea includes sandwiches, scones with clotted cream and cakes. If you're feeling fancy, why not enjoy it with a glass of Perrier-Jouët champagne for just £32.
How much? Prices from £22. Click here for more information .
8. Little Nan's
(Image: DesignMyNight.com)
If you're after an afternoon tea with quirky flair, Little Nan's is the perfect place to head.
Modelled on all thing kitsch, you can expect wacky decor that pays homage to Eastenders star Pat Butcher and nods to the Royal family, alongside plenty of retro whimsy and vintage trinkets.
Experience wise, they offer a traditional selection of finger sandwiches, along with your classic Victoria sponge and mini pastries.
Team it with tea, or go boozy with teapot cocktails for just £25.
How much? Prices from £20. Click here for more information .
9. Afternoon Tea Moët & Chandon
(Image: DesignMyNight.com)
If there's a time when you're allowed to be indulgent, it's at afternoon tea - and the Moët & Chandon Ice imperial pop-up at the Hampshire Lounge bar is about as indulgent as they come.
Book in for one of their high teas and expect a champagne-infused affair, all set alongside sumptuous treats like almond macaroons with raspberry and a Moët and Chandon Ice Impérial ganache.
How much? Prices from £38. Click here for more information .
10. Betty Blythe
(Image: DesignMyNight.com)
Betty Blythe is a 1920's-themed tearoom in West London that specialises in vintage afternoon teas. You can take your pick from an Elegant, Victorian, After Wonderland, or great Gatsby tea, each sporting its own inspired menu.
Expect vintage themed accessories so you can play dress up, and a corkage fee of just £3.20 so you can bring your own bubbles.
How much? Prices from £22.50. Click here for more information .
Jazz Musician Bob Dorough, Best Known For 'Schoolhouse Rock!,' Dies At 94 Bob Dorough was a bebop pianist and a jazz musician who recorded with Miles Davis. But he'll be best remembered for Schoolhouse Rock! — he sang and composed many of the programs songs. He died Monday at 94.
A helicopter has crashed near Aldborough in Boroughbridge according to police.
Police received reports of the crash at 1.23pm today, Wednesday May 30.
Police officers, fire and ambulance crews are currently at the scene, but police are not yet able to confirm whether there have been any casualties.
Follow Harrogate Advertiser on Facebook and Twitter for the latest updates.
HAKUBA, Japan — Akito Watabe of Japan won his fourth straight Nordic combined World Cup event on Saturday to enhance his position as a gold medal contender at the Pyeongchang Olympics.
Watabe jumped 130.5 metres and finished the 10-kilometre race in 24 minutes, 14.6 seconds, 1:12.6 ahead of Norway's Jan Schmid. Germany's Manuel Faisst was third.
The 29-year-old Sochi silver medallist , who will represent Japan in his fourth straight Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, extended his season wins to five — the most he has won in a single season on the World Cup circuit.
Watabe became only the second athlete to sweep the three-day Seefeld Triple event in Austria last month. He has surged to the top of the World Cup standings with the results from Japan and Austria, adding to a win earlier this season in Finland.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A DJ who pleaded guilty on Facetime to attacking a bouncer at Glastonbury Festival has been fined in court.
DJ Goldie, whose real name is Clifford Joseph Price, will have to pay £2,463 after he pushed security guard Dennis Poole and scratched his face when he was denied access to a backstage VIP area.
He appeared at Bristol Magistrates' Court on Wednesday afternoon (May 30) with his daughter, Chance.
Last month Goldie became the first person to plead guilty via Facetime after failing to attend court, because he was in Thailand.
(Image: PA)
That hearing was made more memorable when Goldie was told off when he referred to District Judge Lynne Matthews as “my dear”.
He then used Facetime to admit assaulting bouncer Dennis on June 23 last year by beating him.
But the annoyed judge ordered him to attend today's hearing in person and he arrived early in a smart suit at Bristol Magistrates Court.
The DJ's 20-year-old daughter, Chance, was also accused of kicking the security guard during the brawl at Worthy Farm, Somerset.
But prosecutors said it would not be in the public interest to proceed with a case against Chance.
(Image: PA)
District Judge David Taylor ordered Price to pay a fine of £1,080, compensation of £500, a victim surcharge of £108 and costs of £775.
The judge told Price: "Your entirely unjustified actions demonstrate an arrogant sense of entitlement based on your own self importance.
"The physical injuries sustained by Mr Poole at your hands were relatively minor but the assault has had an emotional and psychological impact on him."
The drum and bass DJ and producer is credited as being one of the artists who put the genre on the mainstream map and was awarded an MBE in 2016.
He played gold-toothed bodyguard Mr Bullion in the 1999 James Bond film The World Is Not Enough.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum has told of her horrifying brush with death after a kitchen knife plunged through her chest in a freak accident at home.
Sarah Lane was sterilising baby bottles for her two sons when she tripped over her two dogs and came down on a knife that was upright on a draining board.
The 32-year-old, who works as a chef, didn't feel anything at first but soon collapsed in a pool of blood and nearly died after her heart stopped beating.
Her life was saved thanks to her 12-year-old daughter, who heard a commotion in the kitchen and rushed downstairs, and paramedics and hospital staff, the Birmingham Mail reports.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
Sarah, of Kingstanding, Birmingham, said she tripped over her two dogs, Tie, a Staffie, and husky Kiara, in her kitchen as she sterilised the bottles at about 2.30am last Saturday.
She said: “I was going backwards and forwards sterilising 10 or 12 bottles and I tripped over the dog. I fell on to the draining board and on top of the knife, which was standing up.
“I didn't feel anything at all at first and then a minute later I collapsed. Apparently my body shut down and paramedics were pumping my chest.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
“I was losing blood. I don't remember much but I recall lots of people around me and a doctor in the ambulance who shoved his hand in my chest."
Sarah had earlier returned from visiting friends with her daughter Freya.
The quick-thinking schoolgirl alerted Sarah's boyfriend, Peter Hartnett, and sister, Stella, when she raced downstairs after hearing a thud as her mum collapsed.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
Sarah's heart stopped at one point but she insisted on being discharged from Queen Elizabeth Hospital over the Easter weekend to return to her family, including sons Lincoln, aged 23 months, and eight-month-old Theo.
And she hailed Freya's coolness during the unfolding emergency.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
Sarah said: “She has been so brave. I don't know what I would do without her.
"She helps me so much with the boys but she's often out on her bike or doing her Thai kick boxing as well.
“If it wasn't for my daughter I wouldn't be here today.
“My partner was amazing, as was my sister and I cannot thank the QE staff enough.”
AFTER a normal, happy family breakfast nearly two years ago, Dawesville mum Danielle Edwards stopped her oldest son Terry Scott in the hallway, telling him how “bloody handsome he was” before giving him a big kiss and telling him she loved him.
She had no idea that brief, but loving exchange between mother and son would be the last time she would talk to her 14-year-old boy or see him alive.
Camera Icon Terry Scott took his own life in December 2015. Picture: Supplied
There had been no arguments, no sign that anything was amiss that Saturday morning of December 12, 2015 – just a house full of love, laughter, chatter and talk about Christmas presents.
Then, Terry, a strapping, “typical” teenager who loved computers and spending time with his family, said he was going out for a walk. This was not unusual for Terry, but instead this time the teenager took his own life, and nearly two years later his family is still in the dark to explain why.
“Terry was doing brilliantly at school, there were no signs, there were no symptoms ... he didn't have this tumultuous upbringing, he had a good home life, he never wanted for anything. He could not have been any more loved,” his mum said.
Ms Edwards, a mother of five boys and a nurse, is speaking out for the first time in a bid to encourage people to talk about suicide and to urge youngsters to seek help because there is always someone who cares.
She is backing Youth Focus' summer fundraising drive, which is launched Sunday, to help the service continue its crucial, life-saving work providing free unlimited counselling sessions for young people and school education programs. Youth Focus supports about 3000 young people every year.
Ms Edwards said powerful words from the Coroner when she visited her house the night of Terry's death have stayed with her ever since and helped her accept the tragedy and not be consumed by the “ifs, buts and maybes”. “She said to me, ‘Danielle, looking around your house, it's full of love'. I said to her, ‘How do I figure this out?' And she said to me, ‘Danielle if there is nothing to find then there probably isn't, it was just his choice'.
“Everything about my life imploded that day and everything about it changed.
“It's not just the stigma with suicide, it's also the grief. People don't want to talk about grief.”
Ms Edwards said she was devastated by her son's choice both personally and professionally. “Professionally, I thought I do this, I assess all day, what have I missed? What have I not seen? It was like a double-pronged attack.
“I can fix a person's broken leg or arm, but mental health is a long, drawn-out process to try to help somebody. I feel like in a way we're failing because we're so caught up in the signs and symptoms that we're not finding out why they're getting to this point.”
Terry was the first in a cluster of teen suicides in the Mandurah area and his mother said the “ripple effect” of her son's death was huge.
“His passing did have a massive effect on the kids down here ... it's like no one knew how to deal with it,” she said.
Shocking figures show 54 young people aged between 15 and 24 took their own lives in WA last year and for every suicide, another 20 people tried.
Youth Focus' fundraising campaign this month and next asks the question: “What would you give (to save a life)?”
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal fans may not be feeling as much love for Alexis Sanchez as they once did… but the Gunners' Chilean star is still keen to show his love for the club's supporters.
With speculation over his future and criticism of his recent performances rife, you might think Sanchez wasn't too bothered about keeping Gooners happy.
However, his actions after the 2-1 win at Middlesbrough suggest otherwise. At full-time, he ran over to the away fans and gave his shirt to one delighted little man:
(Photo: AFP)
Lovely stuff.
But we shouldn't be surprised. This is not the first time we've seen Arsenal's top boy do something nice for a supporter. Think back to…
When he gave a kid in Chile a new pair of boots
Back in the summer of 2015, Sanchez went out of his way during a Chile's training session to give a pair of his boots to a mystery youngster - a kid who then looked so happy, it briefly seemed that he might burst into a fountain of rainbows.
A nice, selfless gesture made all the lovelier by the fact Alexis was a little busy at the time, preparing for the small matter of the 2015 Copa America Final.
When he saved a fan from heavy-handed security bruisers:
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Not only does he get the overzealous police officers from manhandling the excited Chile fan, he stops and poses for a selfie with her.
Lucky lady.
When he decided to help the kids in his hometown in Chile by building two artificial pitches
Last year, Sanchez spoke to Arsenal's website about building new artificial pitches in his hometown of Tocopilla, Chile.
"I've built two football pitches because I wanted the kids to have a decent pitch to play on as I never had that," said Sanchez.
"People can end up going down the wrong path, like alcohol and drugs, and that's bad news for children. Whenever I am there I try to set up events, play with the kids and promote other things.
"When I do go to Tocopilla, I try to set up events and give footballs just to see the smiles on the children's faces as I honestly believe that small children are the most important things in the world."
*sniff*
And when made the hearts of his, er, 'biggest' fans melt with a very passable One Direction impression:
Like we said… what a nice guy.
Residents of a Cherry Hill apartment complex are getting help after the air conditioning to half of the building went down in the middle of the heat wave. The air conditioning system in nearly all of the apartments at the Blossom Towers complex broke down Friday.
Scroll for more content...
"It's 92 degrees in here right now. If you feel this, it's like, I don't even know what to call that air," said resident John Smarkola.
"It's 92 degrees in here right now. If you feel this, it's like, I don't even know what to call that air," said resident John Smarkola.
It got so unbearably hot that Smarkola had to call 911 on Sunday.
"I finally thought I will call police because I cannot figure out what to do, and people are going to die unless somebody gets some help here," he said.
The police did door checks for everyone in the building and made the apartment complex start purchasing individual air conditioning units for residents while repairs are being made to the central air system.
It could be awhile for those repairs to be made as HVAC companies around the region are busy.
The Haly Oil and Great Valley Propane company in Malvern, Pennsylvania has had phones ringing off the hook as people plead for maintenance to make sure their air conditioning units don't break down, or calling for emergency repairs. Those repairs, though, could be costly.
"If they are breaking right now, if they are low on charge and use the old refrigerant, you could be looking at hundreds of dollars, maybe a thousand," said Paul Pujol, HVAC manager for Haly Oil.
Customers could be looking at least a day's wait because most HVAC companies are booked up.
An excessive heat warning is in place until 8 p.m. on Tuesday.
These resale prices would have been illegal under the markup cap that was suspended by Ford's new government.
An analysis of 10 popular, upcoming Toronto concerts — including Bruno Mars, Elton John, Radiohead and Taylor Swift — shows 20 per cent of tickets finds Tuesday morning on websites StubHub, TicketMaster and SeatGeek exceeded a 50-per-cent markup.
A $69.50 ticket to Florence and the Machine was for resale on SeatGeek for $6,741.87 — a markup of 9,600 per cent.
A $221 ticket to Elton John was available on SeatGeek for $1,878, while a $95.50 Foo Fighters ticket was being offered on SeatGeek for $9,240.
A $325 ticket for Taylor Swift was being offered for $66,000 on StubHub— a 20,207-per-cent markup.
Aside from emailed statements from StubHub, and one from TicketMaster, the ticket reselling sites declined interviews for this story.
Richard Powers, a professor at the University of Toronto's Rotman School of Management, said scalpers will benefit from the suspension of the price cap.
"This looks to be an attempt by the new government to delay at least part of the new act, providing those in the secondary market a grace period or perhaps a total reprieve depending on what happens next," Powers said.
Alan Cross, a radio DJ and music historian, questioned whether the cap ever would have worked.
"Scalping was completely illegal for the longest time, yet you could go outside any venue and find people buying and selling tickets," he said.
There were 27,946 tickets available for the 10 concerts monitored on scalper websites. The Star and CBC identified 5,703 priced higher than 50 per cent above face value.
The more scarce the tickets, the higher the resale price. For Radiohead's two shows at the Scotiabank Arena (formerly the ACC), there were only 410 tickets available on the four scalping websites monitored. But 308 of those tickets were marked up beyond 50 per cent.
Cross said even without the cap, the legislation still has some important achievements.
"There are some laudable things about the law: the effort to outlaw ticket-buying software, bots. That's favourable. It's a tough fight. It may be an unwinnable fight. But it's a fight that has to be fought. That's good."
Powers agrees: "They have got rid of the bots. If the legislation accomplished anything, that was a real positive."
TicketMaster's website introduced several changes at midnight on Canada Day, the moment the new law came into force. For events in Ontario, TicketMaster's verified resale tickets now list service fees up front and show buyers the face value of the ticket before they complete their purchase — both requirements of Ontario's new legislation. StubHub doesn't list the face value and declined to comment when asked by the Star and CBC.
"This is a very rational and prudent decision made by the new government," said Patti-Anne Tarlton, chief operating officer for TicketMaster Canada. "This pause will allow them time to effectively evaluate the anticipated impact of this component of the Bill and whether it will have the intended consumer protection the government and industry strive for."
An ongoing investigation into the ticket resale market by the Star and CBC has revealed how mass scalpers use bots to buy up hundreds of tickets, which makes it far more difficult for fans to get them in the box office. Those scalpers feed tickets to the online resale market, where prices rise far above face value.
The world's biggest online platform, StubHub, gives mass scalpers preferential treatment by providing them with automatic pricing tools and charging them lower fees than those charged to fans.
It's all part of an ongoing revolution in the ticketing industry that blurs the line between the box office and scalpers, and pushing fans to pay even more.
In March, the Star and CBC reported the Toronto Blue Jays pocket secret commissions on every seat sold on StubHub — effectively profiting from the scalping of the club's own seats. On opening day alone, more than 20,000 tickets — 45 per cent of the entire stadium — were posted for resale online.
Data collection and analysis by the CBC's William Wolfe-Wylie, Valérie Ouellet and Jessica Willms.
Data collection and analysis by the CBC's William Wolfe-Wylie, Valérie Ouellet and Jessica Willms.
More than four months after the Federal Communications Commission voted to repeal net neutrality rules, the rules are technically still on the books, and we still don't know when they will die their final death. Further Reading We still don't know when net neutrality rules will come off the books [Updated]
If you think that's strange, you're not alone. Harold Feld, one of the top experts on telecom law among net neutrality supporters, wrote this week that the situation is "highly unusual." (Feld is a telecom lawyer and senior VP of consumer advocacy group Public Knowledge.)
"There is absolutely no reason for FCC Chairman Ajit Pai to have stretched out this process so ridiculously long," Feld wrote. "It is especially puzzling in light of Pai's insistence that he had to rush through repeal of net neutrality over the objections of just about everyone but the ISPs and their cheerleaders because every day—nay every minute!—ISPs suffer under the horrible, crushing burden of Title II," the FCC statute that governs common carriers.
Why are the rules still in place? There's a technical answer related to how Pai structured the repeal, and there is speculation on why Pai structured it that way.
A convoluted process
The technical answer is that the repeal is contingent on US Office of Management and Budget [OMB] approval of modified information collection requirements.
While Pai's repeal will totally eliminate the rules against blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization, he isn't completely eliminating the "transparency" rules that require Internet service providers to publicly disclose network management practices. Because the transparency rules are being changed, the OMB has to approve the changes. The core rules against blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization remain in place until that happens.
You may have seen reports in the past few days saying that the net neutrality repeal has been finalized. Those reports were incorrect, though perhaps understandably so given that this process is kind of confusing. The FCC published its "Restoring Internet Freedom" repeal order in the Federal Register in February. The post-publication 60-day waiting period would have let the repeal take effect on April 23, if not for the FCC's decision to make the core changes contingent on OMB approval.
The only change yesterday was "a non-substantive title change" that switched the title of the FCC rules from "Protecting and Promoting the Open Internet" to "Internet Freedom," a spokesperson for Pai told Ars.
Feld says the FCC could have structured the repeal in a different way that would have allowed the net neutrality rules and the Title II classification of ISPs to be repealed before the OMB signs off on information collection requirements. In fact, the Obama-era FCC ensured that the core net neutrality rules took effect in June 2015 even though the OMB didn't approve information collection changes until December 2016—18 months later.
Pai's FCC got around to submitting the information collection changes to the OMB on March 28. The OMB will stop accepting public comments on the changes after April 27, but we don't know when the OMB will issue a final decision.
That's the technical answer of why the net neutrality rules and the Title II classification of ISPs are still in place.
Delay could be strategic
Feld has some guesses as to why the FCC followed this slower process. "The kindest interpretation is that since the majority have made their (weakened) disclosure rule the centerpiece of why they can relax the rules, they don't want the repeal to go into effect without the new transparency rule," Feld told Ars.
That's basically the explanation given by Pai's office, which told Ars yesterday that "the reason was to make a smooth transition between the new framework and the old one."
But Feld thinks it's more likely that Pai chose a slower repeal process to give Congressional Republicans time to implement a weaker set of net neutrality rules without the distraction of Internet providers operating in a rule-free environment. "They are as aware as everyone else that the ISPs will inevitably do something stupid or greedy and trigger an even bigger backlash than they have on their hands now," he said.
Pai has been fond of saying that the net neutrality repeal hasn't harmed consumers, but that's a pretty low bar to clear given that the rules are still in effect.
If the rules were eliminated this week and ISPs began violating net neutrality while Congress is negotiating a permanent net neutrality law, it would be harder for Republicans to force Democrats to compromise, Feld said. "This has all been about trying to push Democrats to compromise and adopt weak legislation."
Democrats aren't backing down
Republican lawmakers are pushing legislation that would let ISPs charge online services for prioritization; Republicans also want to prohibit state governments from enacting stricter net neutrality laws and prohibit the FCC from imposing any type of common carrier regulations on broadband providers. Further Reading All Democrats and one Republican support net neutrality bill in Senate
But Democrats haven't been backing down. Instead of compromising, Democrats have been pushing a Congressional Review Act bill that would simply reverse the FCC's net neutrality repeal and ensure that the existing rules remain in force indefinitely.
Democrats don't have the votes to get a repeal reversal through Congress, and Trump could veto it, anyway. But Democrats and consumer advocates have made it clear that they think net neutrality could be a significant campaign issue in the November elections.
US Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) intends to force a roll call vote on the Democrats' bill, saying that "with a roll call vote, Republicans will have a chance to right the [Trump] administration's wrong and Americans can see for themselves who really has their back in this Congress."
Democrats may also want to avoid voting for a weak net neutrality bill while state attorneys' general pursue their lawsuit against the FCC. If successful, that lawsuit could reinstate the full set of rules.
Net neutrality as a campaign issue
Congressional Republicans hope to get the Democrats' bill off the table, saying they want "a more realistic discussion" and that lawmakers should not "waste our efforts on partisan legislation."
Feld thinks that Republicans underestimated the importance of net neutrality as a campaign issue and displayed "an utter refusal to believe that Democrats were actually going to find their spines on this."
Feld's speculation continued:
Try to remember what the world looked like all the way back in December when Pai (and the Republican leadership) made this calculation. It was a lot easier to imagine back in December that this was going to be a flash in the pan, that endangered Senate Democrats would be desperate to avoid being painted as "regulating business," that Democrats would want any compromise that "saved net neutrality." Using that set of assumptions, this wacky Federal Register notice makes sense. In theory, it lets Pai control the timing so as to slow things down or speed things up depending on whether Congressional Republicans want more time to negotiate or wanted to squeeze Democrats with the specter of net neutrality disappearing.
While Feld acknowledges this is speculation, he said it's "the only reason I can think of for Pai to set up a Federal Register notice that basically lets him control when the net neutrality repeal actually goes into effect rather than pushing for it to take effect as soon as possible. It's a negotiating ploy gone wrong, and now they are stuck."
GOP “underestimated public reaction”
When contacted by Ars, Pai's office didn't provide any response to Feld's theory that the repeal process was lengthened in order to give Congress more time to negotiate a net neutrality law. Pai's spokesperson noted that the repeal order "clearly established that the repeal of Title II, repeal of the bright-line rules, and replacement with Title I and new transparency rule would wait until the transparency rule was approved by OMB."
Feld's theory "is very plausible," said Andrew Schwartzman, a Georgetown Law lecturer and attorney who specializes in telecommunications policy.
"Republicans clearly underestimated public reaction and the Democrats' resolve," Schwartzman told Ars. "They likely were influenced by the fact that the ISPs have usually been able to get quiet help from some Democrats. Not any more."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Drake has broken his silence after Pusha-T used a picture of the star in blackface as the artwork for his diss track The Story of Adidon.
As well as the artwork, Pusha-T claimed Drake has a baby son with former porn star Sophie Brussaux and rapped about his dad leaving him and his mum when he was just five.
On Wednesday evening, Drake shared a statement addressing the artwork.
While remaining silent on the baby allegations, the Canadian star wrote: "I know everyone is enjoying the circus but I want to clarify this image in question.
(Image: FilmMagic)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
"This was not from a clothing brand shoot or my music career.
"This picture is from 2007, a time in my life where I was an actor and I was working on a project that was about young black actors struggling to get roles, being sterotyped and type cast. The photos represented how African Americans were once wrongfully portrayed in entertainment.
He continued: "Me and my best friend at the time Mazin Elsadig who is also an actor from Sudan were attempting to use our voice to bring awareness to theissue we dealt with all the time as black actors at auditions.
"This was to highlight and raise our frustrations with not always getting a fair chance in the industry and to make a point that the struggle for black actors had not changed much."
After releasing his diss track The Story of Adidon, Pusha-T tweeted the artwork and added: “This is a REAL picture… these are his truths, see for yourself."
It was later removed.
Pusha-T was responding to Drake's track Dupply Freestyle, which had been released on Friday.
The best part of my job has always been the people you meet and the opportunity to tell their story. I'm a believer that everyone has a story to tell, … [Read More...]
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ben Barba provided a dazzling reminder of his talent as St Helens laid down an early marker by putting Castleford to the sword.
Full-back Barba had shown glimpses of the form that made him the NRL's best player in five appearances at the end of last season.
By his own admission he had yet to fully find his feet - but this was certainly a step in the right direction.
Barba touched down twice and created four other tries, including a hat-trick for England centre Mark Percival.
It was more than enough to account for a disappointing Tigers side who have not won away at St Helens since 1992.
1. Tale of two Bens
There was plenty of pre-match focus on opposing full-backs Ben Barba and Ben Roberts for differing reasons.
Saints star Barba is being widely tipped as a potential Man of Steel after showing flashes of his genius at the end of last season.
Roberts has the pressure of replacing a former Man of Steel in suspended Zak Hardaker for the Tigers.
It's fair to say that man of the match Barba came out on top.
The home full-back touched down twice and had a hand in everything his side did well, as well as dumping last year's top try scorer Greg Eden into touch when he threatened to break away.
Roberts made a couple of notable errors including a knock-on close to his own line and allowing a Jonny Lomax 40/20 on a tough night for the Tigers.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
2. James Roby is a natural St Helens captain
That was never really in doubt, given Roby's influence at the club for over a decade.
But in his first match as new skipper - and his 400th for the club - the England hooker showed all the right qualities to lead Justin Holbrook's team this year.
As industrious and effective as ever, Roby epitomised the phrase leading his side from the front.
Can he lead Saints all the way this season?
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
3. Questions for Castleford
Of course, this is only week one of the season, and to read too much into 80 minutes of action would be folly.
But having been so dominant during the regular campaign last year, the manner of this defeat was at the very least a wake-up call for Daryl Powell's men.
They had precious little opportunity to showcase the thrilling style they displayed in 2017, due to being dominated up front, and made uncharacteristic mistakes with the ball.
Powell will be looking for an immediate response against Widnes a week on Sunday.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
4. No World Cup blues
Mark Percival certainly isn't dwelling on his World Cup disappointment on this evidence.
The left centre was reduced to a bit part role in Wayne Bennett's squad, featuring only in the group match against France.
But from the moment he split the Castleford defence to send Barba away for the opening try, Percival looked in the mood.
He finished with a hat-trick of tries - all from Barba passes - and the duo could form one of Super League's deadliest combinations this year.
5. Hope for the future
In an era where the bemoaning of a lack of homegrown half-backs is common, having two rising young stars line up against each other was a mouth-watering prospect.
Danny Richardson doubtless came out on top of any head-to-head assessment against Jake Trueman, but both players have a bright future.
Richardson linked well with Jonny Lomax and Ben Barba throughout, converted seven of Saints' eight tries and displayed a quality and varied kicking game.
That's a quality that teenager Trueman undoubtedly shares, although he found the going tougher.
With his side on the back foot he made handling errors before being withdrawn with a 68th minute injury, though he never wavered in his efforts.
Hopefully both players continue to get opportunities throughout the 2018 campaign.
Other stats you likely will hear in state-of-the game assessments as the all-star game approaches: Batters are striking out 22.3 per cent of their plate appearances, an all-time high. Fastball velocity averages 93.6 m.p.h., down a tick from last summer's record (since 2007, when PitchF/x began measuring stats in all parks) but right in line with the previous two years. And teams are now using 4.23 pitchers per game, according to Baseball-Reference.com, which would be a record should it hold up.
Put aside the specific numbers, and the conclusion is easy: Fresher, more specialized pitchers throw harder. That causes batters to swing and miss more often. That removes action from the game. The result: Through Monday's games, major-league hitters have produced more strikeouts than hits — which would be a first, should it hold. And it will.
There are potential small-step solutions. Try establishing a minimum of, say, three hitters that a pitcher must face. This would, in theory, make left-handed relievers face some right-handed hitters, potentially increasing offence — particularly in the late innings, when flame-throwing relievers have particularly deadened the game.
But at a larger structural level, the right way to construct and coach a team to win a baseball game doesn't marry with making an appealing product to watch.
The game and its teams are now run by bright people, people who could be running hedge funds or solving physics problems or exploring space. Instead, they have brought their analytical brains to baseball and applied that manner of thinking to the game.
I love baseball analytics. I recommend a Fangraphs.com membership to anyone who used to flip over baseball cards and study the fine print. Slicing and dicing numbers can be a joy.
But put the numbers in the hands of capable — even brilliant — front-office executives, and the result can be great for teams but detrimental to the game as an entertainment product. The list is endless.
Smartly deployed defensive shifts play to probabilities and help the pitching team record outs, which help that team. But defensive shifts also take away base runners, which decreases the action for the eye to follow. Clever front offices concluded that players should sacrifice contact for power and try to hit the ball in the air more frequently — increasing their "launch angle" — which generates more home runs but decreases sustained rallies and all the subtleties contained within.
Keep going. Smart business executives who are reluctant to overpay for assets prefer to use younger, cheaper players to fill out their rosters, but that leaves out veterans with whom fans have a history, a relationship. A walk is as good as a hit if you're trying to win a baseball game; if you're sitting in the stands, it's not nearly as interesting to watch.
This applies even in — perhaps especially in — team-building. Losing was the right way for the Houston Astros to build a World Series-winning club because it provided them high draft picks that they used wisely and allowed them to trade their established players for prospects that developed more cheaply, meaning they could add established, expensive veterans of their choosing when the time was right.
But the fans who watched the Astros play on the road from 2011-13 — when Houston averaged 108 losses — were punished by having to watch a no-name, noncompetitive outfit whose players were trying but whose front office wasn't. (Note: This territory isn't exclusive to Houston. We're looking at you, 2007-10 Washington Nationals and 2011-14 Chicago Cubs.)
So something has to give, and it has to be more than pitch clocks. Baseball can't ask its clubs to hire stupid people. The smart people they hire must be asked to identify their role in creating this problem — this game with less action than at any point in a century — and contribute to fixing it.
Back to that 1969 all-star game. All those Hall of Famers assembled at RFK, they dealt not only with the lowered mound, but with a smaller strike zone — both fundamental adjustments designed to give hitters a better chance. It worked: Teams scored nearly 20 per cent more runs per game than they had in 1968.
That's the kind of radical change the sport needs now, whether it's minimums for relievers or requirements for defensive alignments or something else entirely. In two weeks, a collection of the game's most important people will be in Washington talking about it. Let's hope they embrace it, too.
GREEN BAY, Wis. — The Green Bay Packers have signed free agent offensive lineman Byron Bell, adding a versatile veteran to beef up depth.
The 29-year-old Bell played last season with the Dallas Cowboys, appearing in 12 games and making two starts at left tackle. He missed the entire 2016 season after injuring his ankle during off-season workouts with the Tennessee Titans.
The Packers released lineman Jacob Alsadek, an undrafted rookie free agent out of Arizona, to make room for Bell on Wednesday.
Green Bay is short on experienced depth up front. Starting right tackle Bryan Bulaga missed the second half of the 2017 season with a knee injury, while right guard Jahri Evans is a free agent after one season with the Packers.
Injuries also kept out the Packers' top two backup tackles, Jason Spriggs and Kyle Murphy, for much of 2017.
Bell started all 16 games for Tennessee in 2016, playing at left guard and both tackle positions. He entered the league as an undrafted free agent with Carolina in 2011 out of New Mexico.
Bell started 56 of 62 games for the Panthers over the next four seasons, playing both tackle positions.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of the world's largest baby -milk makers has been forced to recall millions of products over fears they are contaminated with salmonella.
French company Lactalis ordered the global recall after it was warned by health authorities that at least 26 infants had become sick since December 1.
Company spokesman Michel Nalet said “nearly 7,000 tonnes” of product may have been contaminated and could not confirm how much remained on the market.
The company said a possible source of the outbreak has been identified in a tower used to dry out the milk at a production site.
(Image: AFP)
A statement from the French economy ministry said the measures put in place by Lactalis since December 2 were “not sufficient to manage the risk of contamination” and a recall was the only option.
The symptoms of salmonella infection include abdominal cramps, diarrhoea and fever.
The illness, which is caused by intestinal bacteria from farm animals, is extremely dangerous for the very young and elderly because it can cause dehydration.
(Image: Getty)
The French babies affected have all recovered and no causes have yet been reported abroad, Mr Nalet said.
Lactalis employs 75,000 people in 85 countries, with a turnover of 17 billion euros (£15 billion.)
The recall includes products for export, including to China, Taiwan, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraq, Morocco, Lebanon, Sudan, Romania, Serbia, Georgia, Greece, Haiti, Colombia and Peru.
"All I can say is embarrassment, disappointment," said defensive back Anthony Watkins. "It hurts a lot."
Bryant Shirreffs threw for 310 yards for UConn (1-4, 0-3) and the Huskies got 114 yards rushing and two touchdowns from Arkeel Newsome.
Doroland Dorceus had 22 carries for 122 yards for Memphis. His two rushing touchdowns and all but 23 of his yards came in the second half.
THE TAKEAWAY
UConn: The Huskies have now lost eight straight conference games. Connecticut's last conference win and last win over an FBS opponent came a full year ago, Oct. 8, 2016, when the Huskies beat Cincinnati 20-9 in East Hartford.
Memphis: It was the third time Ferguson has thrown for at least six touchdowns. It was his second 400-yard passing game (409 against Houston last season) and his 10th with at least 300 yards. The only Tiger with more is Lynch, who had 12.
"I look up to Paxton," said Ferguson. "Just the fact that I'm even in the same sentence with Paxton Lynch means a lot to me."
TURNOVERS
Ferguson was coming off a game against UCF in which he threw three interceptions and lost a fumble. The Tigers did not turn the ball over in this one. UConn strip sacked Ferguson in the third quarter, but the ball bounced right back into his arms while he was on the ground. The Tigers scored 14 points on three UConn turnovers.
TARGETING
Memphis linebacker Austin Hall, the Tigers leading tackler coming in, was ejected on a targeting call in the first quarter, lunging to tackle running back Kevin Mensah. The Tigers were already missing linebacker Curtis Akins with an injury and linebacker Jackson Dillon who was lost for the season after being hurt in the Tiger's opener.
"I know the intent was not there," said coach Mike Norvell. "I just hate to see a young man lose a game when I know his intent was not to target or to try and harm somebody."
UP NEXT
UConn: The Huskies travel to Philadelphia to take on Temple next Saturday.
Memphis: The Tigers return home to face Navy at the Liberty Bowl.
By Pat Eaton-Robb, The Associated Press
Brent crude prices have surged 11.92% so far this year. Photo: Reuters
Mumbai: The spike in Brent crude prices could cause a major headwind for Indian markets and upset the country's macroeconomic balance in financial year 2019.
Oil rose above $75 a barrel on Tuesday to its highest since November 2014, supported by production cuts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec), strong demand and the prospect of renewed US sanctions on Iran.
Brent crude prices have surged 11.92% so far this year.
Analysts said rising crude prices may hurt the margins of Indian companies amid growing expectations of an earnings revival spurred by consumption in rural sectors.
According to Ravi Gopalakrishnan, head of equities at Canara Robeco Mutual Fund, the rise in crude prices will definitely impact the raw material supply chain of many manufacturing companies as India imports a major portion of its crude requirements.
“Also, metal prices have seen an upward push in the past few months. So, it will impact operating margins of companies as demand situation and economy is in such a shape that this extent of price rise can't be absorbed. The companies may be able to pass on a little bit but not entirely,” he said.
Gopalakrishnan added that a meaningful recovery in both macro and corporate earnings is expected in the second half of this year, on consumption driven by a normal monsoon.
“So, some amount of the high crude price could be passed on to the consumer then,” he said.
ICICI Securities Ltd said in a note on 23 April that macro headwinds are rising for Indian equities in the form of rising commodity prices, especially oil, depreciating rupee, fiscal challenges, election-related uncertainty and upside risks to inflation, while improving GDP growth outlook and normal monsoons are providing the tailwinds, which could keep markets range-bound in the near term.
Photo: Vipul Sharma/Mint
The brokerage firm said unless there is a surprise spike, a rising bond yield scenario is mostly factored in by global equity markets and the focus has shifted to earnings.
So far in 2018, the Sensex has gained 1.68% after a slow start to the year.
Sanjeev Zarbade, vice-president at Kotak Securities Ltd, believes the impact of increasing crude prices hurting the margins of Indian firms will be both direct and indirect.
“Consumers of crude oil or fuel either for running business or as a raw material will be hurt. Indirectly, there will additional burden of freight cost for some companies. In the long-term, it may impact the economy, while currently it is expected to hit operation cost of companies,” he said.
An increase in oil prices is likely to put pressure on fiscal and current account deficits in the year ahead as India imports more than 70% of its oil requirement.
The petroleum and natural gas ministry estimates India's crude oil import bill may increase by 20% to $105 billion in this financial year from $88 billion in 2017-18.
The estimate assumes an average crude oil price of $65 per barrel for the year, about $9 a barrel less than the current rate.
© The Free Thought Project
"[Maguire] said there were people inside the CIA who joined in the previous eight years [under Obama] and inside the government and they were failing to give the president the intelligence he needed," said a person who was pitched by Maguire and other Amyntor personnel. To support his claim, Maguire told at least two people that National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster, in coordination with a top official at the National Security Agency, authorized surveillance of Steven Bannon and Trump family members, including Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump. Adding to these unsubstantiated claims, Maguire told the potential donors he also had evidence H.R. McMaster used a burner phone to send information gathered through the surveillance to a facility in Cyprus owned by George Soros.
The International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS), where White House National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster is listed as being a member for eleven years, this week added George Soros's Open Society Foundations and another Soros-financed group to the list of donors on its website in response to a Breitbart News request on the matter.
From September 2006 to February 2017, McMaster is listed as a member of International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS), where he served as consulting senior fellow. The IISS describes itself as a "world-leading authority on global security, political risk and military conflict."
(CIA Director) Pompeo can't trust the CIA bureaucracy, so we need to create this thing that reports just directly to him. It is a direct-action arm, totally off the books. The whole point is this is supposed to report to the president and Pompeo directly.
A member of the Trump transition team and former CIA paramilitary officer, John R. Maguire, reportedly revealed during a meeting prior to an intelligence-gathering operation in Afghanistan, that President Trump's National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster - the highest-ranking intelligence official in the U.S. government -according to The Gateway Pundit Additionally, according to a report by The Intercept For those unfamiliar with Soros, he is a champion of progressive causes globally and funds his Open Society Foundation to the tune of tens of billions of dollars.as back in August, we reported that news out of Israel revealed that National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster is working as an inside operative for globalist billionaire George Soros, according to a number of domestic and foreign intelligence sources."I have confirmed from sources from inside the White House, the Israeli government and Israeli intelligence that the" reported longtime political operative Roger Stone. "...I have double-checked this with two different sources very high up in Israeli intelligence, and I actually expect the Israeli ambassador to the US to confirm this."Interestingly, when Trump visited Israel on his first overseas trip, McMaster was curiously excluded from the meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his national security team, which broke from standard protocol.According to Kafe Knesset, Trump met with Netanyahu, starting with a one-on-one meeting. The forum was soon expanded by several advisors on each side, including Jared Kushner, Jason Greenblatt and Ambassador David Friedman on the U.S. side, according to Israeli officials.Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was later invited into the meeting, per an official, but "McMaster sat outside the King David room during the course of the entire meeting." One former U.S. officials told Kafe Knesset thatan official said.According to an investigation by Breitbart Back in July, Israel publicly accused Soros of attempting to continuously destabilize legitimately elected governments to forward his own agenda. With these latest revelations,a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Soros-funded Eurasia Foundation, in May of this year."George Soros has penetrated the Trump White House," Stone reported. "Soros has planted a mole infiltrating the National Security apparatus: a woman named Fiona Hill, who has a Harvard background, and has been on the Soros payroll and the payroll of the Open Society Institute."as the government has steadfastly attempted to rebuff Soros' interference while refusing to abide by EU migrant quotas.Earlier this year, journalist Mike Cernovich engaged in a full-frontal assault on McMaster as a globalist puppet andThe Trump administration is reportedly considering a proposal by Maguire and Blackwater founder Erik Prince toIf you thought the CIA was bad, imagine an intelligence network ran by one of the most murderous groups of mercenaries in the history of the world.There wascarried out on the Trump campaignpaid for by the Clinton/DNC camp,Essentially, the U.S. intel apparatus was deeply complicit in political espionage carried out by the Obama administration against the opposition party's most powerful candidate, and the administration is now considering ways to circumvent being the recipient of cooked intelligence.It is important to note that simply reporting on this coup against Trump is not an endorsement of his policies but is merely done to expose the powers that be.A former senior U.S. intelligence official with firsthand knowledge of the reported proposals said A source reportedly told The Intercept that the plans were pitched to the White House as a means of countering "deep state" enemies in the intelligence community seeking to undermine Donald Trump's presidency.Two former senior intelligence officials told The Intercept thatWhen asked for comment,In review, we have a rogue American intelligence apparatus colluding with a globalist billionaire and his political minions to take down the elected President of the United States, with the White House considering creating a privatized intelligence agency to circumvent what it sees as unreliable and tainted intelligence.Far from operating as a bastion of liberal western democracy, the attempted coup taking place has clearly exposed the U.S. as being nothing more than an illiberal 3rd-world banana republic operating with a simple facade of freedom and justice.
Unsightly junk piles spilling behind the confines of a local auto parts business has residents fed up.
They said they are sick of looking out their window and seeing heaps of trash.
“It's not fair. We pay taxes just like he does. Why can't something be done,” said Mary Lou Palmer, Wisner Township resident.
The Tuscola County residents said she is fed up with all the junk she sees from her front window every day. She lives just down the street from Coleman's Auto and Truck Parts on M-25.
“All sitting out there like that. To me, a junkyard is supposed to have it in behind the fence,” Palmer said.
She wanted TV5 to ask the tough questions.
Township Supervisor Jamie Wark said her hands are tied. Wark said she even reached out to State Rep. Ed Canfield and the Michigan Department of transportation.
“We've looked through our zoning ordinances. We've looked through our blight ordinance. As far as we can see, there's nothing we can do. There is junkyard laws that permit him to have junk in front of the junkyard,” Wark said.
Wark said she emphasizes with Palmer and she will explore other options to try and find a compromise.
“I can definitely contact him. I've worked with him in the past and he is a nice man to me. So, I will definitely see what can happen,” Wark said.
As for Palmer, she is glad Wark is working on the issue. She said she would like to see all of the stuff moved behind the fence.
“It'd be nice if they got stuff cleaned up,” Palmer said.
Wark said she will reach out to the owner of the property to see if they can come to a resolution.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
As Zimbabweans commemorate Heroes Day, it is always disturbing when a certain section of society hold the nation at ransom, demanding that they be respected and even rewarded for 'sacrificing' for our freedom.
Rare encounters with 12-14 foot great white sharks happened in two different locations off the Florida coast.
Joanne Fraser of Calypso Dive Charters in Lake Park spotted one great white while on a trip 3.5 miles east of Juno Beach.
"We all descended to about 80 feet, I saw a couple of nurse sharks and a few lemons as we were dropping down, I look over to the east and see a huge shark. (Of course my camera's not ready because we only just jumped in the water). I estimate the shark to be somewhere between 12 to 14 feet and an easy 4 feet wide. All the lemon sharks disappeared, I was fumbling around with my camera trying to get it set up. The shark circled us extremely slowly about 3 times. I thought it was going to come to the crate at one point, but it turned away. That great white made the lemon sharks look like remoras!" she said.
Corey Embree, a dive instructor with Deep Six in Vero Beach, was also on the boat and in the water with his GoPro. "I'm so stoked about this. What a way to start 2017! This was a dream of mine for over 20 years of diving."
Meanwhile, in Port Canaveral, a 12 foot great white was seen swimming around a deep sea fishing charter. The 'Canaveral Princess' was about 25 miles off the port when they spotted the beast coming to the surface. It wasn't the first time either; the same fishing vessel spotted a 14 footer just a week before. (click photo below to play video)
TORONTO — An 18-year-old university student from China is dead and three others were sent to hospital after a house fire in east Toronto, authorities said Wednesday.
Fire officials said the blaze broke out early Wednesday morning at the home shared by the four University of Toronto students who attended the school's nearby Scarborough campus.
Deputy Fire Chief Jim Jessop said the body of the young woman who died in the blaze was found in a second-floor bedroom.
One of the other students who survived the fire jumped from a second-floor window to escape the flames, which left a gaping hole in the roof of the house, Jessop said.
Firefighters had to fight the blaze from the outside and were unable to enter the home for some time, Jessop said.
"The women and men of Toronto Fire did an admirable job last night under very, very difficult circumstances," he added. "They were able to stop fire from spreading to the adjoining houses and trees."
The University of Toronto called the death of the student from China a tragedy.
"The thoughts of the entire campus community are with the family of the student who was killed in the fire and with the three other students who were in the house," Vice President Bruce Kidd said in a statement.
He added that the university has reached out to the three students who escaped the fire to offer assistance.
Fire officials are investigating what may have caused the blaze.
I have voted in every election I could since I turned 18 in 1980. I have never bought a membership in any political party until now, but it has always been the New Democratic Party that received my vote in provincial and federal elections.
In the beginning, my only question when candidates came to speak to student gatherings at university or later knocked on my first apartment door, pertained to their support for "gay rights." Only the NDP ever said they would fight for us. Only they deserved my vote.
Naturally, as my world became larger, so did my questions, seeking justice and inclusion for people who are trans, Indigenous, racialized, newcomers, differently abled, older, younger, living in poverty, all.
One area in which I have been asking many questions, and receiving very few good answers until lately, is income inequality, particularly in Ontario and more precisely in Hamilton. How is it possible in a province with so much wealth that First Ontario Place (Copps Coliseum to traditionalists) could be filled almost five times with the number of people who live in poverty across this city? That translates to one in five Hamiltonians, one in four of our children, living below the poverty line.
Since I retired from parish ministry in the Catholic Church and took up my role as a social planner in 2001, much of my work has been about undoing the nonsensical "Common Sense Revolution" of former premier Mike Harris and the so-called "Progressive" Conservatives.
From 2003 - 13, I was among provincial poverty activists petitioning the Liberal government under Premier Dalton McGuinty to undo the destruction done by Harris with the creation of a punitive social assistance system and a rate cut of nearly 22% in 1995. We didn't get very far.
However, MPPs like Deb Matthews, who eventually became responsible for the new Ontario Poverty Reduction Strategy in 2008, gave us hope when she started listening to the voices of people with the lived experience of poverty; people trying to make ends meet on Ontario Works or the Ontario Disability Support Program. Many people sensed her compassion and knew she was pushing for better from the inside.
Then Kathleen Wynne was chosen to lead the governing party in 2013. She pledged to be the social justice premier. It seemed slow in coming. After her first year I was a witness at a mock trial in which a stand-in for Wynne was tried for misleading the public with a commitment to social justice.
I wrote a column about the trial saying, "Kathleen Wynne started her premiership with bold words in which she identified herself as the 'social justice premier.' With social assistance rates leaving people in the most extreme depths of poverty, she's not living up to her chosen identity."
Now I have seen action that aligns with that identity and a commitment for more to come.
Dog owners were known to SPCA and had been convicted on animal cruelty charges in 2015
16 dogs have been seized from a property in Quesnel. Pixabay photo
Sixteen dogs have been seized from a property in Quesnel by the BC SPCA.
A July 4 press release from the SPCA says the dogs were being kept in crates too small for their size in a poorly ventilated area, with little or no access to water and with feces/urine-soaked matting.
Karin and Catherine Adams have been named as the individuals keeping the dogs.
The BC SPCA says the pair are known to them, and were convicted of animal cruelty in 2015 after an SPCA investigation. Their sentencing included a 20-year ban on owning animals.
“It is extremely frustrating when we deal with repeat offenders, particularly those who breach the terms of their sentencing,” says Marcie Moriarty, chief prevention and enforcement officer for the BC SPCA.
“However, we are pleased that these dogs are now safe and are getting the attention and care they need.”
Moriarty adds that the SPCA was alerted to the situation by calls from concerned members of the public, and their investigation went on from there. “These individuals are very, very well known to us.”
She says that in the past, the Adams women have been caught with even more animals in their care. The pair has made concerted efforts to sell puppies in the past, and the BC SPCA has also previously found distressed horses in their care.
“They are notorious,” she says.
The dogs include breeds such as German shepherds, a Yorkshire terrier, a retriever, bull terriers, standard poodles, Portuguese water dogs, a Pekingese, corgi-border collie crosses and miniature pinschers.
The SPCA says they will be recommending new charges of animal cruelty, and the investigation continues.
The women will face charges for violating the conditions of their 2015 sentence.
The SPCA currently have the dogs in a number of different shelters throughout the Interior.
Moriarty says there is no evidence the dogs were stolen; however, if individuals' dogs have been stolen and they believe their dog may be one of the 16, they can bring their dogs' identification to the SPCA.
READ MORE: BC SPCA receives 400 reports of dogs in hot cars so far this year
editor@quesnelobserver.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
× Expand Illustration by Victoria Borges
In the summer of 2015 I decided to leave the full-time workforce to pursue freelance writing. I knew there would be hardships along the way (i.e., managing an unbearable workload and throwing away my social life), but despite knowing the negatives, I still had a romantic vision of what it would be like to work from home.
I envisioned myself as a Virginia Woolf-Martha Stewart hybrid, spending my days writing productively in my office in “A Room of One's Own” style, then mastering all things domestic, from cultivating an urban garden to putting up batches of preserved foods. Thinking back to this silly dream, it's hard not to laugh at myself. A Virginia Woolf-Martha Stewart woman seems super-human, but at the same time, I like to dream big. I knew my ultimate happiness would be finding harmony between my work life and home life.
When I first started working from home, I'd roll out of bed and stagger downstairs to our back office, where I'd guzzle a pot of coffee as I did my work. Most days, I was isolated, typing away at my computer while letting my home fall into disrepair. My work stole my focus entirely, and I found myself longing for work-life balance.
I still dreamed of being a domestic goddess, though. To break up the monotony of plugging away in my office, I started giving myself breaks throughout the day to cook a meal, do chores and take the dog for walks. Embracing my inner hausfrau was just what the doctor ordered; it was cathartic. It was my daily breath of fresh air. Tending to my home provided a perfect and productive distraction, freeing my mind from the stress of work while getting my hands busy potting plants, preparing food and feathering my nest.
When I had writer's block, I'd escape into my backyard to pick herbs and tomatoes, while basking in the sun and getting a vitamin D fix. Or, I'd head to the kitchen to whip up a meal, or to the laundry room to tackle some loads of laundry.
I'm no Virginia Woolf and I'm no Martha Stewart, that's for sure. My recipes don't come out perfect, our house looks like a war zone at times, my prose is a work in progress and I miss an occasional deadline. But by embracing my domestic side, I've figured out how to harmoniously live and work in my home.
As a millennial, I grew up in an era where I believed the career world was pushed on women and staying at home was not supported in our culture. But through my time spent in our house, I'm finding that running a home is running a venture in itself. The work that comes with keeping a home is empowering. I've pushed myself to learn new skills, become more self-sufficient, and in the end, run a more sustainable household. And that in itself is empowering.
By spending all day, every day in our home, I've discovered a new, more enlightened side of myself. I've defined homemaking in my own way — allowing my work self and domestic self to co-exist. And, most importantly, I've created a space of my own.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Marissa Hermanson is a Richmond-based lifestyle journalist whose stories have been featured in national and local publications. As a freelance writer who spends most of her time working from home, Marissa has a deep appreciation for the household and the time and effort people put into personalizing their spaces.
[India], Dec 12 (ANI): Prime Minister Narendra Modi travelled from Sabarmati River in Ahmedabad to Dharoi Dam via sea-plane, which is the first-ever flight by such a craft in the country, on Tuesday.
Prime Minister Modi in a rally on Monday had said, "Tomorrow for the first time in the history of the country a sea-plane will land on the Sabarmati River. I will go to Ambaji in the sea-plane after landing in Dharoi dam and come back."
Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani had said that this is for the first time in the history of the country that a sea-plane will land on a water body.
Yesterday, the Ahmedabad Police had turned down the request of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress from conducting roadshows by Prime Minister Modi and grand old party vice-president Rahul Gandhi. The permission was denied by the Ahmedabad administration citing security, law and order reasons and to avoid public inconvenience. Remaining parts of Gujarat, including Ahmedabad, are slated to go for polls on December 14. The first phase of polling took place on December 9 and recorded a voter turnout of 68 percent. Counting of votes will take place on December 18. The Congress is eyeing to dethrone the BJP government in the state. The last Congress government in Gujarat was led by Chhabildas Mehta from February 17, 1994 to March 13, 1995. (ANI)
My paradox meter just broke.
Back in February we reported on how global warming was messing up the outdoor skating season in Canada and the northern United States. Now, the Stanley Cup final is being played in Las Vegas, one of America's hottest cities.
Doesn't that mean that hockey is contributing to climate change — and maybe its own demise — by building ice palaces in the desert?
Before you give Las Vegas and the National Hockey League too much side eye, it's worth noting that the league has been working to address environmental issues, including climate change. It has an ongoing sustainability initiative aimed at minimizing the sport's damage to the environment, and that initiative includes T-Mobile Arena, home of the Vegas Golden Knights. The city's leaders, furthermore, have made progress in running the municipal government on renewable energy.
Still. That ice. In the desert. It's not cheap to make or easy to maintain.
The crew at T-Mobile Arena seems to do a good job. The ice gets decent marks from players, but there's only so much you can do to fight that heat. The outside temperature was above 32 C before Game 1 on Monday, and you could sometimes see the puck bouncing the way it does when the surface is wet and snowy instead of solid.
Robert McLeman, an associate professor in the Department of Geography and Environmental Studies at Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo noted that while the spectacle of ice hockey in the desert might seem absurd, making ice is only one energy-gulping aspect of arenas.
Cooling the vast volume of inside air and taking out the humidity so that players and spectators are comfortable requires an enormous amount of energy, whether an arena is hosting hockey, a monster truck show or a trade fair.
So, he said, as North America heads toward summer, hockey would be complicated just about anywhere. Temperatures in Toronto, for example, are expected to be around 24 C this week.
"If the Toronto Maple Leafs were actually in the NHL final four — well, hell would freeze over — but you would have the exact same challenges here in the Toronto rink you would have in Las Vegas or Florida," McLeman said.
Gloom is a terrible way to ring out the old and despair is of no help in trying to imagine the new.
So let us consider what good might come from the political situation in which we will find ourselves in 2017. Doing this does not require denying the dangers posed by a Donald Trump presidency or the demolition of progressive achievements he could oversee. It does mean remembering an important distinction President Obama has made ever since he entered public life: that "hope is not blind optimism."
"Hope," he argued, "is that thing inside us that insists, despite all evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us if we have the courage to reach for it, and to work for it, and to fight for it."
It is this spirit that began to take hold almost immediately after Trump's election. Americans in large numbers, particularly the young, quickly realized that the coming months and years will require new and creative forms of political witness and organization.
Trump's ascendancy is already calling forth social and political initiatives aimed at defending the achievements of the Obama years (particularly Obamacare), protecting the environment, standing up for immigrants and minorities, preserving civil liberties, civil rights, voting rights, and highlighting how Trump's policies contradict his promises to working-class voters. Here is a bet that the mobilization against Trump will rival in size and influence the tea party uprising against Obama.
Another positive for the future: Trump's campaign forced elites and the media to pay attention to the parts of the country that have been falling behind economically and to the despair that afflicts so many, particularly in rural and small-town America.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
It should not have taken Trump (or Bernie Sanders) to bring their problems to the fore. If the powers that be had been paying more attention, the resentments and dissatisfactions that Trump exploited might not have been there for him to stoke.
In 1972, Richard Sennett and Jonathan Cobb wrote a memorable book called "The Hidden Injuries of Class." We forget about economic inequality at our peril. Every generation or so, it seems, we need to be reawakened to the injustices of both class and race and rededicate ourselves to remedying them together. We can now move forward with this in mind.
From the outline of his policies so far and from the right-wing Team of Billionaires he has chosen to run large parts of his government, it's hard to see how Trump will advance the material interests of those who voted for him. But justified skepticism about Trump is no substitute for fresh thinking by his opponents about what they would do when they next take power.
The pollster Allan Rivlin has been offering a compelling presentation to Democrats arguing that they lack a clear, comprehensible and convincing economic message. He's right. It's time they got one. The fact that this imperative is now nearly universally recognized is another piece of good news to come out of 2016 -- even though the cost of the lesson was much too high.
It is also useful that Republicans will be put through a series of tests. If they fail to apply to Trump the same ethical standards they demanded of Hillary Clinton, voters will notice. The Republicans' claims to fiscal prudence will be exposed as fiction if they follow through on pledges to combine large tax cuts, mostly for the rich, with big increases in military spending.
For the last six years, Republicans have been able to pass radical budgets through the House to satisfy their ideological enthusiasts, knowing their policies would never become law. They claim to be pleased that they can now enact their full agenda on shrinking Medicare, Medicaid and other social programs. But as their plans move closer to reality, voters -- including Trump's supporters -- will start counting the costs. In large numbers, they will find them too high.
Lastly, it's hard to imagine a president more likely to inspire Obama Nostalgia than Donald Trump. Americans who might have found the president too cool, too cerebral, too cautious or too self-contained will soon long for such qualities if Trump remains as reckless, vindictive and undisciplined as he was during the campaign, and has continued to be during the transition. Replacing a great orator with a promiscuous tweeter is not much of a trade.
The folk singer Joni Mitchell might as well have been talking about politics when she taught us that you don't know what you got till it's gone.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Love Island has, once again, become a topic of national conversation – not least because two of the couples have popped their respective having-sex-on-telly cherries.
But some viewers have been disgusted by what's happening on their screens, and have taken to social media to complain bitterly about the content of the X-rated show.
However, it's not the bed-swapping duvet-shaking romping that's getting them hot under the collar – but something else entirely.
"All these pretty girls in love island smoking pack it in," one viewer pointed out on Twitter.
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
" @LoveIsland sponsored by Lambert & Butler again this year!!! Glamourising smoking #LoveIsland #nastyhabit #smelly #notnice #whysmoke ," wrote another.
A third said: " @LoveIsland on the application for the show is there a section dedicated for smoking ? Can't believe how much smoke #why ."
That wasn't all that was riling up fans – others flocked to Twitter to blast the cast for their profanity-drenched conversation.
"I don't realise how much swearing it in love island until I watch it with my mother," argued one viewer.
(Photo: LoveIsland/Twitter)
(Photo: ITV)
"Chris is like a year 7 swearing unnecessarily every other word," said a second.
"Stop. Swearing. At. People. #LoveIsland ," added another.
But while many were turned off by the smoking and swearing, Love Island actually attracted a record audience share of 1.5million viewers for last night's show, which saw Jess Shears and Dom Lever have sex in the Hideaway, while their co-stars Amber Davies and Kem Cetinay got jiggy under the sheets in the main bedroom.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
Meanwhile, Jess's ex-boyfriend Stuart Tomlinson has lashed out at the Love Island star for having sex on national TV, telling Mirror Celeb that he thought the two of them were getting back together and had no idea she'd signed up for the show.
OAKLAND, Calif. — Veterans Mike Callahan and Ken Mauer, along with first-timer David Guthrie, are among the 12 referees who have been selected to work the NBA Finals.
The league announced the group Wednesday.
Callahan has worked 19 games in the Finals and Mauer has worked 18. This will be the 15th Finals appearance for Callahan and the 13th for Mauer.
Other referees who will be on the floor during the Golden State-Cleveland series that starts Thursday are Tony Brothers, James Capers, Marc Davis, Scott Foster, John Goble, Ed Malloy, Jason Phillips, Derrick Stafford and Zach Zarba.
NEW YORK — The American quartet of Crishuna Williams, Raevyn Rogers, Charlene Lipsey and Ajee Wilson set a world record in the 4x800-meter relay Saturday at the 111th Millrose Games.
Their time of 8 minutes, 5.89 seconds topped the mark of 8:06:50 set by the Russian team of Aleksandra Bulanova, Ekaterina Sharmina, Elena Kotulskaya and Anna Balakshina on Feb. 18, 2011.
Kendra Chambers, Lynsey Sharp, Ce'aira Brown and Cecilia Barowski of the United States finished second, and the Jamaican team of Fellan Ferguson, Simoya Campbell, Kimarra McDonald and Natoya Goule came in third.
Lolo Jones finished seventh in the women's 60-meter hurdles. She was clocked in 8.37 seconds, three weeks after she was passed over for a spot on the U.S. bobsled team for the 2018 Pyeongchang Olympics.
© Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
The Steele dossier formed an essential part of the initial and all three renewal FISA applications against Carter Page.
Andrew McCabe confirmed that no FISA warrant would have been sought from the FISA Court without the Steele dossier information.
The political origins of the Steele dossier were known to senior DOJ and FBI officials, but excluded from the FISA applications.
DOJ official Bruce Ohr met with Steele beginning in the summer of 2016 and relayed to DOJ information about Steele's bias. Steele told Ohr that he, Steele, was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected president and was passionate about him not becoming president.
The "dossier" compiled by Christopher Steele (Steele dossier) on behalf of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and Hillary Clinton campaign formed an essential part of the Carter Page FISA application. Steele was a longtime FBI source who was paid over $160,000 by the DNC and Clinton campaign, via the law firm Perkins Coie and research firm Fusion GPS, to obtain derogatory information on Donald Trump's ties to Russia.
Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior DOJ and FBI officials.
On Friday, President Donald Trump authorized the release of the controversial FISA memo , which details the alleged abuses by the FBI and the Department of Justice having to do with secret surveillance in the Russia-Trump collusion investigation.Trump's decision was highly controversial after many Democrats warned it was inaccurate and politically charged.The memo covered four key points as discovered by the Washington Examiner Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) summarized the alleged abuses best in a tweet saying, "FBI takes 'salacious and unverified' dossier to secret court to get secret warrant to spy on a fellow American, and FBI doesn't tell the court that the DNC/Clinton campaign paid for that dossier. And they did that FOUR times."But there was one part of the memo that could become the most damning in the document, and it has to do with Hillary Clinton and the DNC. On page four of the memo, it states:If true, it would mean that,. Such a disclosure could potentially have an impact on the secretive FISA court's decision.
If you happened to be in Delhi over the weekend that just went by, you would have caught up with some childhood (and some adulthood) wrestling favourite from WWE. King of Kings, Triple H, and Modern Day Maharaja, Jinder Mahal live, were live in the ring and Varun Dhawan, who sat in the audience (in the beginning, at least) seemed to be loving it. Triple H, Jinder Mahal, Enzo Amore, Seth Rollins and more wrestlers are in India as part of the WWE Live Tour. The tour had Varun fly to the capital to watch Triple H and Jinder Mahal battle it out in the ring but only after he attended a Christmas party hosted by fashion designer duo Abu Jani and Sandeep Khosla on Friday. Not only did the actor fanboy over the wrestling champs but he also stepped into the ring with them – a move that sent fans into a frenzy. Varun later posted a video of his time at the WWE even on his Instagram account. Check out the video and some photos below:
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
Saif Ali Khan, Shahid Kapoor, Varun Dhawan: The best grooming moves by Bollywood this week
Ranveer Singh, Varun Dhawan, Disha Patani: What Bollywood celebrities have been up to
Mumbai Police just fined Varun Dhawan… for taking a selfie
> More on Entertainment
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Antonio Conte has told his Chelsea stars to be positive about their horror Champions League draw.
The Blues have been pitted against five-time European champions Barcelona in the last-16 of the competition.
After finishing second in their group, Chelsea knew they had a two-in-three chance of facing either Barça or French juggernauts Paris Saint-Germain.
"It's a draw. Our reaction must be positive," Conte said at his press conference on Monday ahead of Tuesday's Premier League clash at Huddersfield.
"When you are in this stage you must be ready to face every team. In this case we must be ready to face Barcelona.
(Image: Chelsea FC)
(Image: Chelsea FC)
"When you play against Barcelona you must put 120 per cent at home and away if you want to hope to go to the next round."
The first leg takes place at Stamford Bridge on February 20 - and is scheduled to be followed by Premier League matches at Manchester United (February 24) and Manchester City (March 3) - with the second leg at the Nou Camp on March 14.
And Conte's immediate focus is on the Premier League after last Saturday's loss at West Ham saw the Blues slip 14 points behind City as the Italian dismissed past battles with Barça.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Shaun Botterill/Getty)
But he will hope to invoke the memory of their remarkable win over the Catalan giants in 2012, when goals from Ramires and Fernando Torres saw them reach the Champions League final on away goals despite the earlier dismissal of John Terry.
"The past is the past. Now it's the present, another story. It's totally different," he said.
(Image: Chelsea FC)
Tottenham were also handed a questionable reward for finishing ahead of Real Madrid in their qualifying group as they were paired with last year's runners-up Juventus.
But Manchester City, Manchester United and Liverpool will be relatively content after being paired with Basel, Sevilla and Porto respectively.
(Image: Chelsea FC)
The remaining three ties pit Real Madrid against Paris St Germain, Shakhtar Donetsk with Roma, and Bayern Munich against Besiktas.
Spurs can expect to face a sterner test than that posed by Juventus in their last meeting in a pre-season friendly at Wembley in August, which the north Londoners won 2-0.
City will be delighted to land Swiss outsiders Basel. But they will have good cause to be wary against their experienced opposition, who beat both United and Benfica on their way to qualifying as runners-up from Group A.
Bristol City will be back in action on Tuesday night as they take on Brentford at Griffin Park in their third Sky Bet Championship match of the season.
Lee Johnson's side suffered a defeat to Birmingham City on Saturday despite the Robins taking the lead in little over a minute, thanks to Bobby Reid with his third of the season.
The midfielder has been in sublime form since pre-season and his role just behind the striker seems to have rejuvenated the former academy player.
Johnson is still looking to add another attacking player to the ranks and City have been heavily linked with Luton Town frontman Isaac Vassell. The Robins have had at least one bid turned down for 23-year-old.
Aden Flint's City career, meanwhile, is still unclear with Johnson confirming that the club have turned down one final bid for the defender - while Blues boss Harry Redknapp says his side will move on to other targets.
Following the latest news, views, transfer gossip and more throughout the day.
Located just a mile from the Pacific Ocean and Will Rogers State Beach, Palisades High School has become a logical powerhouse in prep beach volleyball.
Under head coach Dane Selznick, a PaliHi alum and former beach volleyball champion, the Pali girls team is playing its seventh season, and the boys will start their sixth season in August.
Last year, the girls lost to Mira Costa in the state championship match, and most of the top players have returned, except Alyssa Slagerman, who is a freshman playing beach volleyball at UCLA.
“This season I have around 50 girls in the program,”Selznick said.“I don't turn anyone away. I want them to experience a lifestyle sport they can enjoy for the rest of their lives.”
Selznick said the core of his team includes Erin Slagerman, Lilli Sims, Neeka Djabbari, Keely McMahon and Alex Laita, with Annie Eckert and Danica Yeh filling in. His JV team includes Ashton Evans, Lavender Billingsly, Sydney Conway, Bella Hooper, Carly Duffy, Taylor Smith, Georgia Pappas, Elizabeth Crawford, Elena Kilkowski, Mia Oliver and Chloe Uhls.
HUNTINGTON, W.Va. — If not for bad luck, the Big Blacks would have no luck at all.
After six quality innings on Saturday, the Point Pleasant baseball team imploded in the bottom of the seventh as host Huntington scored two runs and claimed a 2-1 victory in the final game of the Jack Cook Tournament held in Cabell County.
After dropping a 7-6 decision to Independence just 24 hours earlier in their tournament opener, the Big Blacks (3-12) put together a solid performance against the Highlanders (3-11) — although it ended up resulting in the program's seventh straight loss.
After a scoreless first, Sam Pinkerton singled home Alec Smith in the top of the second — allowing the guests to secure a 1-0 cushion. That lead ultimately held up until the seventh, despite HHS stranding runners ini scoring position during the first, fifth and sixth frames.
But in the bottom of the seventh, a hit, back-to-back errors and a single by Haikal ultimately allowed the Highlanders to wrap up their two-run rally while claiming the hard-fought one-run decision.
Huntington outhit the guests by a 6-4 overall margin and also committed two of the five errors in the contest. The hosts stranded nine runners on base, while PPHS left five on the bags.
Bartilson was the winning pitcher of record after allowing only one walk in 1.1 innings of relief work. Levi Mitchell took the loss after surrendering one earned run and three hits while striking out one.
Pinkerton led the Big Blacks with two hits, followed by Smith and Patrick Stanton with a safety apiece.
Haikal paced the Highlanders with two hits, followed by Christian, Parker, Johnson and Johnson with a safety each.
Point Pleasant was at Spring Valley on Monday and returns to action Tuesday when it travels to Sissonville for a non-conference contest at 7 p.m.
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Point Pleasant senior Abe Stearns, right, makes a relay throw to first base during a double play attempt against Poca in an April 12 contest in Point Pleasant, W.Va. http://mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.18-PP-Stearns.jpg Point Pleasant senior Abe Stearns, right, makes a relay throw to first base during a double play attempt against Poca in an April 12 contest in Point Pleasant, W.Va. Bryan Walters/OVP Sports
Neo-Nazi Site Daily Stormer Is Banned By Google After Attempted Move From GoDaddy
Enlarge this image toggle caption Screenshot by NPR Screenshot by NPR
Updated at 2:30 p.m. ET
After a purported hack and a 24-hour deadline to relocate its Web domain, the Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi website that promoted the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., moved its site to Google before its registration there was also refused.
"We are cancelling Daily Stormer's registration with Google Domains for violating our terms of service," a Google spokesperson told NPR on Monday.
Shortly after we received that message, the Daily Stormer site began to go offline at least intermittently, displaying the message, "We're having an outage. it'll be a minute."
The moves come after GoDaddy cut ties with the Daily Stormer late Sunday. The Web hosting service had received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories — particularly an article mocking Heather Heyer, 32, an anti-white nationalist protester who was killed in Charlottesville, Va., this weekend.
After posting an article that claimed the site had been hacked — and that it was under threat of being deleted within 24 hours — the Daily Stormer's founder, Andrew Anglin, announced early Monday afternoon, "I've retaken control of the site."
A look at Web domain data for DailyStormer.com shows that it was registered through Google, in records that were updated on Monday.
GoDaddy had banned the site after receiving complaints from the public led by women's rights advocate Amy Siskind, who‏ wrote via Twitter, "@GoDaddy you host the Daily Stormer — they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned."
More than 6,500 people retweeted her message, and the Web service replied late Sunday night: "We informed the Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
Anglin and the Daily Stormer were seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down, posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous. But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group doesn't seem to have been involved.
In a page on the Daily Stormer, the purported hackers said the site would be deleted — on the same timeframe set by GoDaddy. In a break with notable hacking takeovers, the story didn't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site; instead, it was published alongside other stories, including the one about Heyer.
The Daily Stormer was founded by Anglin, who also writes much of its most high-profile content; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising.
The alleged hackers' message included the hashtag #TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site's views to celebrate its seeming demise. News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover, which had included the explanation, "this evil cannot be allowed to stand."
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states, "We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous' is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host."
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and his site — the account states, "We find [the] claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing."
People commenting on the Daily Stormer site also found the situation amusing, noting that the supposed hackers had said they had located Anglin and would be "sending our allies in Lagos to pay him a visit in person."
"LOL, this meme just won't end," one person wrote about the Lagos reference.
Anglin revisited the idea in his update, stating, "I want to thank the Nigerian government for their help."
Earlier this year, Anglin's website was linked to an office in Worthington, Ohio, the Columbus suburb where he went to high school. As Columbus Alive reported, "Anglin's current whereabouts remain unknown."
The most popular response on the comment board was one that mocked people on Twitter who had announced the Daily Stormer had been taken over.
"Anglin you are a legend," one person wrote.
MEMBERS of the Harlequins Soccer Team are normally fierce rivals on the field, but will join forces to compete in the Masters Games against teams from across the Northern Rivers and south-east Queensland.
The members - who once played for local clubs including Richmond Rovers, Workers, Italo Stars, Goonellabah and Kyogle - will come from across the country to represent Lismore during the 10th Lismore Workers Masters Games from September 22-24.
Harlequins captain Adam Sheridan said it's one of the few times they get to play on the same team with some of their former foes.
"It's like a mini reunion of sorts with people coming from all over the country to participate in the team. It's a fantastic tradition.”
The Harlequins Soccer Team has a long history in Lismore, starting in 1993 after a group of Lismore mates went away on a soccer trip.
In 1994, the soccer enthusiasts won a gold medal at the Pan Pacific Masters and that winning tradition continued.
They played masters games across the country and went on to win gold at the Pan Pacific Masters in every age category (35s, 45s and 50s).
One of the founders, Tony Wilson, originally a Richmond Rover, said the Harlequins were born at a time when Lismore was producing an incredibly high standard of soccer players.
"There was a brilliant standard of football players in Lismore at the time - they were dominant players, and many could walk out of Lismore and play in the first team of any team in Australia,” Mr Wilson said.
"It's wonderful to see this new transition and resurrection of the team, with a new generation that sees this great passion and great philosophy and they want to buy into it.”
Adam is delighted to carry on the Harlequins tradition and said his oldest competitor in 2017 is the ripe old age of 39, while many in the team are sons of former Harlequins.
"The original Harlequins were fathers, uncles, soccer coaches - so many of the team at this year's Masters Games have grown up in that tradition,” Adam said.
Registrations for the 10th Lismore Workers Masters Games are open until August 18.
People can sign up at www.lismoremastersgames.com.au for: baseball, cricket, dressage, golf, hockey, lawn bowls, netball, Oztag, fitness challenge, football, five-side football, softball and mini-lympics.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
The Latest From Trump Lawyer Michael Cohen's Recent Court Appearance Trump attorney Michael Cohen is set to go before a federal judge on Wednesday in the latest hearing in the federal criminal case against him in New York. Cohen has been the subject of a months-long investigation into his businesses, which included selling offers of access to Trump.
NEW YORK — The Brooklyn Nets have hired former NBA player and Argentine guard Pablo Prigioni as an assistant coach.
The Nets also announced Tuesday that former Spurs centre Tiago Splitter was hired as a pro scout.
Prigioni spent most of his professional career in Spain and won a bronze medal with Argentina in the 2008 Olympics before coming to the New York Knicks in 2012 as a 35-year-old rookie. He spent four years in the NBA with the Knicks, Rockets and Clippers.
Splitter helped San Antonio win the 2014 NBA championship before spending the final two seasons of his seven-year career with Atlanta and Philadelphia. The Nets said Splitter, who also played for Brazil's national team, will have added duties related to player on-court development.
A missing woman, a probable murder, an illicit affair, and an unreliable central character reeling with amnesia – this isn't a new premise for a television show. But what makes Spanish drama Sé Quién Eres (I Know Who Are You) different and watchable is what the showrunners have done with it.
On a long shady road in the middle of a forest, Juan Elias (Francesc Garrido) is found wandering aimlessly after an accident. He has a wound to the head, a bout of amnesia, and a lot at stake. As his wife whom he doesn't recognise informs him, Juan is one of the most successful lawyers in Barcelona and she, Alicia Castro (Blanca Portillo), an influential judge. She tells him that their niece Ana Saura (Susana Abaitua) is missing, and that traces of her blood and her mobile phone were found inside Juan's car. But he doesn't remember this or much else.
Juan doesn't remember that Ana was infatuated by him, enrolled for a Master class he teaches, and was running a campaign to have Elias elected as the new chancellor at her university. And that the vice-chancellor she is helping Juan replace is her father, Ramón Saura (Nancho Novo), who is married to Alicia's sister Sylvia. He doesn't remember that he watches movies with his daughter, and plants tomatoes and fake medical reports with his best friend and business partner, Heredia.
The only person Juan remembers is Eva Duran (Aida Folch), an ex-student and lover, who is now prosecuting the case for Ramón, and is committed to proving that Juan's amnesia is a farce, and that he knows where Ana is. She, like most people in the show, is convinced that when it comes to Juan, they know who he is.
Since Juan can't deny or confirm anything anyone claims to know about him, his reply to the oft-quoted “I know who you are” is a just long intense stare. As Juan puts the pieces together, he discovers he isn't too fond of the man he used to be.
Play I Know Who You Are.
The 16-part series, created by Pau Freixas for Telecinco, was first aired on the Spanish network early this year. Great reviews and the enduring nature of a good murder mystery led BBC 4 to pick up the series. The thriller is packed with dysfunctional family equations, dangerous secrets, loaded stares, purposeful struts and an appropriate amount of dramatic silences. For every ultra-formulaic, overtly dramatic moment that you might have seen before, there are a dozen elements of intrigue and unanswered questions. The show is subtle and sexy – the colours are dialled down, and the story cuts between flashback and the present day, adding context and urgency to the many truths that are revealed in every 70-minute long episode.
The suspense is genuinely gripping, and the performances are as measured or powerful as needed. Noa Fontanals is powerful as Juan and Alicia's daughter Julieta, the one-person still optimistic that Ana has simply run away for a tropical vacation and that the two families will one day sit and laugh about it all at the family barbeque.
But this family has too many skeletons and secrets rattling in the cupboard, and Ana's disappearance brings them tumbling out for all to see – distrustful detectives, influential judges, hidden cameras, family secrets, and a team of low-key committed do-gooders headed by the increasingly hassled Eva Duran, who seems to still be obsessed with the man who broke her heart eight years ago. She is great at her job, but she is vulnerable too, much like season one Carrie Mathison from the popular American show Homeland, who found herself falling in love with the man she was convinced is an enemy.
Shows like Broadchurch, Sherlock and Luther have already set the stage for heavily nuanced, beautifully crafted, wonderfully shot, and believably baffling crime thrillers on British television. I Know Who You Are is a good crime series too, maybe not as glitchless all the time. The miniscule loopholes don't seem to matter in the face of the grand mystery that constantly thickens, and the characters are layered and meticulously written. If I Know Who You Are is your introduction to Spanish drama, it is definitely not a bad place to start.
(It's even extended to such unlikely fare as "The Real Housewives of New York," where one on-the-nose subplot on the most recent season involved the Hillary lament of one of its more "woke" ladies, Carole Radziwill.)
Finally, in the case of "Queer Eye," the old show (which even won an Emmy way back when) always did lean toward the small-p political, with then-president George W. Bush referencing it in one formal address; for many Americans, it marked the first time a gay person regularly came into their living rooms, let alone five.
A voice-over in the new Netflix version sets the parameters right off the top: "The original show was fighting for tolerance. Our fight is for acceptance."
Cue a parade of emotionally honest moments, ones that reach more catharsis than one might expect, including one powerful episode built around a cop in the Deep South.
Over the course of the Queer Eye treatment, the officer enters into a conversation with the one Black member of the cast: about policing, Black Lives Matter, etc.
It's organic and nuanced, and probably more useful than a million related discussions on cable news, with the cop conceding at episode's conclusion that the experience "changed my heart."
Disarming prejudices. Shushing those negative voices within. Unsticking bad habits. All this and game-changing pedicures! The series goes there. And there. And there.
OK, so, the new guys to the rescue:
There is Jonathan, he of the Rapunzel hair and the new-gen Richard Simmons razzmatazz, the one who will casually refer to a car as a "she" and, at one point, declares that his dream man is someone "who has the body of the Rock" and the personality of "Justin Trudeau, the prime minister of Canada." He's the grooming expert in the bunch.
There is Antoni, who actually does hail from Canada and has a bit of doppelganger thing going on with Jonathan Groff (in an alternate reality, Groff decided to give up hunting serial killers on his own Netflix series, "Manhunter," to teach people how to make "guac" and hold forth on the glories of "sharp cheddar").
Antoni is, if you hadn't figured it out, the food guy of the series, a Strokes T-shirt-wearing foodie who has the strongest connection to the origin story of the show, having once worked as the personal chef for Queer Eye OG Ted Allen.
Then there's the taut-bodied, silver-haired guy who goes by Tan; he's the clothing savant. ("This is a Bob Saget classic," he quips about one guy's dated shirt). Oh yeah, he's a Muslim ... married to a Mormon.
Next up: Bobby, a kind of gay everyman who grew up on a farm in Missouri and is the design go-to in the series.
In a scene that stood out to me, he takes one guy to a scrapyard to throw out a way-past-its-due-date recliner. (The recliner is a metaphor for the staidness of the dude's life; when he throws it out it's akin to the scene at the end of "The Devil Wears Prada" when Anne Hathaway throws out her cellphone. Hurrah!)
And, finalement, we've got Karamo. A father of two, his suaveness is possibly only bested by his ability to listen.
The so-called "culture guy" on the show, he also operates as a kind of life-coach at large, the Iyanla Vanzant of the group. (The dude is no stranger to reality TV: Karamo was the first openly gay man on MTV's "The Real World" back in 2004.)
Can you teach an old dog new tricks? That remains the central question of the show.
You betcha: the answer that it gives again and again as it takes on a bevy of "patients," both straight and gay.
And, yup, that includes one guy who is deeply devoted to his Crocs and another who enjoys a daily dose of what he calls a "red neck margarita," with Mountain Dew.
Using the building blocks of fashion, food, hair, design and self-knowledge, the show's cast manages to do its thing, all while dodging some of the criticism sometimes lobbed at its earlier incarnation, that of "the magical gay elves" premise. The new Netflix series is more expansive, less parochial.
Its only hocus-pocus, perhaps?
The same school of personal development that has held North American culture in a trance for decades: from Dale Carnegie's "How to Win Friends and Influence People" to Norman Vincent Peale's "The Power of Positive Thinking" to the tao of Oprah.
It's the magical thinking of self-improvement.
"Queer Eye" debuts Feb. 7 on Netflix.
Toronto Star
The Latest From Trump Lawyer Michael Cohen's Recent Court Appearance
Trump attorney Michael Cohen is set to go before a federal judge on Wednesday in the latest hearing in the federal criminal case against him in New York. Cohen has been the subject of a months-long investigation into his businesses, which included selling offers of access to Trump.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
And let's catch up on some new developments today involving legal matters involving President Trump. For one thing, the president says he regrets hiring the top legal officer in the U.S. That would be Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Also, Trump's longtime personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, was back in federal court in Manhattan today. NPR justice reporter Ryan Lucas is also in New York, and he's on the line now to fill us all in. Hey, Ryan.
RYAN LUCAS, BYLINE: Hi there.
KELLY: Hi. So start with Michael Cohen. You were in court today for his hearing.
LUCAS: I was indeed. Cohen was there. He was wearing a dark suit, blue tie, looked pretty somber throughout the hour-long hearing, chatted a couple times with his lawyers. Now, this hearing stems from the FBI raids early last month targeting Cohen's home, his hotel and his office. That's when authorities took a bunch of electronic devices, boxes of documents. The raids were part of an investigation by the U.S. attorney's office in Manhattan into Cohen's business dealings.
KELLY: Right.
LUCAS: Now, what's happening now is a court-appointed official is deciding which of the seized materials are protected by attorney-client privilege and which are not. Those that are not the government can use to build its case against Cohen. Cohen at this point hasn't been charged. It's important to remember that.
Now, the judge presiding over the case today set a June 15 deadline for Cohen's legal team to review what remains of the around 3.75 million files that were seized. The judge said that after that date, any files that haven't been reviewed will be handed over to a clean team of government attorneys to make that determination. The judge said it's important to keep this investigation moving along.
KELLY: A June 15 deadline - all right, so we'll see how that unspools over the next couple of weeks. Meanwhile, worth just reminding - this Cohen investigation is separate from Robert Mueller and the whole Russia probe. So remind us. Just what is at stake here for Michael Cohen?
LUCAS: Well, Cohen matters because he worked for years as a personal lawyer for Trump, but he also worked as a sort of fixer for him. Both of those roles give him significant knowledge into Trump's business matters, into his personal matters as well. So this case in New York has put Cohen under really a lot of legal pressure. There's speculation that if that pressure continues to build - say he gets charged, faces potential serious time in prison - he might decide to flip. He might decide to cooperate with prosecutors, including those investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election. Of course it depends on what information Cohen has and whether that's of use.
KELLY: All right, well, let me formally pivot you to the Russia investigation now. What is the latest, Ryan, on the allegations from the president that the FBI placed a spy in his campaign? I guess I'm wondering, is he getting buy-in from that from other Republicans, other members of Congress, for example?
LUCAS: Well, remember that the White House brokered this meeting last week between senior intelligence law enforcement officials and top lawmakers because two House Republicans wanted more information surrounding this confidential source who met with Trump campaign aides. One of those House Republicans who wanted more information was Trey Gowdy. Now, Gowdy attended last week's briefing. He now says the FBI didn't do anything wrong. Here's a clip of him last night on Fox.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
TREY GOWDY: The FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got and that it has nothing to do with Donald Trump.
LUCAS: Now, Gowdy has seen as much of the original investigatory material on this question as anybody not directly involved. He's a Republican. He's a Trump ally, and here he is saying the FBI did what it was supposed to do.
KELLY: Trey Gowdy walking a fine line there - and then briefly before we let you go, Ryan, I mentioned the president seems to be having real and articulated second thoughts about his attorney general.
LUCAS: Yes. Trump went after Sessions again on Twitter today. This has been a frequent refrain from the president. He's publicly and privately castigated Sessions for months now because of Sessions' recusal from the Russia investigation. Trump believes the attorney general should protect the president. He wants an attorney general who will control the Russia investigation which of course Trump himself has said is a witch hunt.
KELLY: A witch hunt - all right, that's NPR's Ryan Lucas reporting from New York. Thank you, Ryan.
LUCAS: Thank you.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has bemoaned the timing of the transfer window, as the Philippe Coutinho saga drags on.
The Reds have seen the start of their Premier League campaign overshadowed by the Brazilian's transfer request which he submitted ahead of their Watford game at the weekend.
With more than two weeks of the window remaining, Klopp is braced for further bids from cash-rich Barcelona, who want Coutinho to replace £199million-man Neymar, who joined Paris Saint-Germain earlier this month.
And speaking ahead of Liverpool's vital Champions League qualifier against German side Hoffenheim, Klopp admitted he wished the window was already shut.
(Image: John Powell)
"It would've helped us this year," he said. "In general, it makes sense that when the season starts that the planning is over."
"But I also understand things take a little more time. The whole market changed. It's good to be with the whole team in training. The best thing would be that this team stays together for five years, although I know saying that today sounds naive."
Klopp also have no updates regarding Coutinho.
"Nothing has changed in the last few days on either side (with Coutinho).
"He's not available for us at the moment. That's the main issue. He cannot play for Liverpool in this moment and that's quite a blow for us.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"We've known about it for a few days so we've prepared for the game without him."
Coutinho was not a part of the 22-man squad that travelled to Germany for Tuesday night's clash.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have been unable to explain how a bone fragment belonging to a victim of the Grenfell Tower fire was found in a washing machine six months after the tragedy.
The family of Muhammad Saber Neda held a second funeral after the discovery was made a few weeks ago, when police sent his clothes to be cleaned.
Mr Neda, 57, jumped from the tower block and died as a result of multiple injuries consistent with a fall.
His wife Flora has spoken of her anger at the police and said the reburial was harder than the first funeral.
She told Channel 4 News: "After six months, they start cleaning, they found one piece of his bone in the washing machine.
(Image: Channel 4)
(Image: PA)
"I'm angry with that. We are angry. Why didn't they check proper? Why did it take so long?
"Even the police aren't getting the answer for me.
"They tell the truth for us, I think it is respectful but we are angry because why they didn't check first time and they didn't tell us?
"This time is more difficult from the first time, it is more difficult, we did again.
"The ceremony ... reburied, everything."
Flora and her son Farhad were the only residents to make it out of the top 23rd floor of the tower.
(Image: SWNS)
Taxi driver Mr Neda jumped from the tower block after he stayed behind to help others escape.
Moments before he died, he left his family a heartbreaking voicemail, telling them: “Goodbye, I am leaving this world, goodbye. I hope you forgive me. Goodbye everyone.”
The Metropolitan Police said they have apologised to the family for the "distress that this has caused" and said Grenfell was "one of the most complex investigations" ever undertaken by the force.
A spokeswoman said: "Mr Neda's clothing was sent to an external company for professional cleaning of each item prior to their return to his family.
"Each person's items are cleaned within an isolated environment so no cross-contamination can occur.
"It was during this process that a small fragment of bone was discovered.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: SWNS)
"Applying the same rigorous identification regime used throughout this operation the fragment was confirmed as originating from Mr Neda."
She added: "At no stage during the post-mortem was it identified that there was a possibility any part of his body was missing."
Mrs Neda and her son Farhad were the only residents to make it out of the 23rd floor at the top of Grenfell tower.
She said she was comforted that her husband spent his final moments trying to help their neighbours.
"I'm proud of him, he helped people and he died because he wanted to help more people."
In the moments before he died, Mr Neda left his family a final message: "Goodbye, I am leaving this world, goodbye. I hope you forgive me. Goodbye everyone."
Police believe the final death toll from the fire was 71, including a stillborn baby.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi delivers his address during the country's 71st Independence Day celebrations at the historic Red Fort in New Delhi on Tuesday. Photo: AFP
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said the government accorded priority to national security and asserted that the country was capable of defending itself in all spheres.
The prime minister's comments in his Independence Day speech came in the backdrop of a standoff between the troops of India and China in Dokalam.
“National security is our priority. We are capable of defending our country in all spheres,” he said from the ramparts of the Red Fort. India was capable to take on any challenge in any frontier—land, sea or the cyberspace, he added.
I&B minister Smriti Irani. The I&B ministry said in the advisory that condom ads should only be aired between 10pm and 6am to avoid exposure of such material to children. Photo: HT
New Delhi: The government on Monday issued an advisory asking TV channels not to air condom advertisements which could be “indecent and inappropriate for viewing by children” during the daytime.
In the advisory, the Smriti Irani-headed information and broadcasting (I&B) ministry said that condom ads should only be aired between 10pm and 6am to avoid exposure of such material to children and to ensure “strict adherence to the provisions contained in the Cable Television Networks Rules, 1994”.
“It has been brought to the notice of the ministry of information and broadcasting that some channels carry advertisements of condoms repeatedly which are alleged to be indecent especially for children…. In view of the above, all TV channels are hereby advised not to telecast the advertisements of condoms which are for a particular age group and could be indecent/ inappropriate for viewing by children,” the I&B ministry advisory said.
The ministry cited rules 7(7) and 7(8) of the Cable Television Networks Rules that state that “no advertisement which endangers the safety of children or creates in them any interest in unhealthy practices or shows them begging or in an undignified or indecent manner shall be carried in the cable service” and “indecent, vulgar, suggestive, repulsive or offensive themes or treatment shall be avoided in all advertisements”.
This comes after the Advertising Standards Council of India (ASCI) had requested the I&B ministry earlier this month to take a call on such ads and their telecast timing.
“The ministry has taken a call on our request. ASCI had received several complaints on the content of condom ads. Our consumer complaints council, on examining, found that such ads are meant for adults and were explicit for children. The main issue was with the timing of the advertisements,” said Shweta Purandare, secretary general, ASCI.
Established in 1985, ASCI is a self-regulatory body which was formed to ensure protection of consumers' interests.
Loading... Sentinel-3B delivery into orbit Access the video
ESA teams ready for space
Tomorrow's launch of Sentinel-3B will complete the Sentinel-3 constellation and represents the culmination of months of training to fly Europe's latest Copernicus satellite. The Sentinel-3B satellite has been at the Plesetsk cosmodrome in Russia since mid-March, being readied for its ride into space on 25 April at 17:57 GMT (19:57 CEST). It will join its twin, Sentinel-3A, in orbit to systematically monitor Earth's oceans, land, ice and atmosphere. The pairing of the two satellites optimises coverage and data delivery for Copernicus. While ESA and European industry have been busy in Russia getting the satellite fit and ready for liftoff, tomorrow also marks the end of months of intense preparation for the mission control team at the agency's ESOC control centre in Darmstadt, Germany.
Training to go to space The team have conducted numerous simulation training sessions to prepare for the approximately three-day launch and early orbit phase and for the start of the commissioning phase, some of the most critical hours and weeks in orbit.
Sentinel-3B satellite's rocket upper stage being hoisted into the launch tower Training involved multiple teams of engineers and scientists at ESOC, including spacecraft engineers, specialists working on tracking stations and the sophisticated ‘ground segment' – the hardware and software used to control the satellite and distribute its data – as well as experts working in flight dynamics, software and networks and simulation and training teams. The simulation training campaign followed several months of intense preparation that began immediately after Sentinel-3B's twin Sentinel-3A began its routine mission in 2016. Engineers were able to integrate lessons learnt from the first Sentinel-3 mission into their procedures and the ground systems. The mission control teams are supported by experts from ESA's Sentinels project and by expertise provided by European industry.
Watching for separation Following liftoff, the rocket will fly an approximately 80-minute mission marked by the separation of the first two stages and a boost phase conducted by the upper stage, leading to the separation of Sentinel-3B onto its free flight orbit at around 19:17 GMT (21:17 CEST). “Following separation from the upper stage, we have to wait about 13 minutes until we receive the first signals from Sentinel-3B via our Kiruna ground station in Sweden, while the satellite uses its sensors and actuators to stabilise itself toward a Sun-pointing attitude,” says Flight Director Pier-Paolo Emanuelli.
Experience, expertise and extensive training will come to the forefront, combining to ensure the success of this crucial mission. “Meanwhile, solar array deployment will be automatically triggered for completion within the first ground station contact periods, assuming all goes as planned.” “Once we have established a full data link, we will work for the next three days around the clock, verifying its health and status and beginning the complex process of bringing it into a stable mode ready for inflight commissioning.”
ESOC Main Control Room Dressed up with somewhere to go Teams in Darmstadt completed a full ‘dress rehearsal' yesterday, repeating one final time the count-down and lift-off portion of the mission to ensure that everyone is confident in their abilities and knows what to do if any unexpected situation occurs. “The satellite will be flown by ESA in a ‘tandem configuration' together with its twin Sentinel-3A for about seven months, in order to cross-calibrate the instruments and the data processing between each,” explains ESA's Jose Morales, Head of Copernicus Flight Operations. Once the instruments and the calibration have been verified, the Sentinel-3B satellite will be placed in its final operational orbit and handed over to Eumetsat for operation together with 3A. “Tomorrow, once we ‘catch' the first signals from space, our teams will go to work. That's when experience, expertise and extensive training will come to the forefront, combining to ensure the success of this crucial mission,” says Paolo Ferri, Head of Mission Operations at ESA.
Break In
On 2/14/17 the Mt Pleasant Police Department responded to a burglary at 106 N Jackson St. It was determined that entry was gained and money and other items were taken. Anyone who saw anything suspicious from 6pm on 2/13 to 7am on 2/14 is asked to call the Mt Pleasant PD at 385-1450 or text a tip at 931-3667.
The Great Barrier Reef will be hit with coral bleaching events every two years unless more is done to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
The latest report from the Climate Council has found coral bleaching events are increasingly common and will continue to be unless the effects of climate change can be slowed or reversed.
Spokesperson and ecologist Professor Lesley Hughes says severe bleaching like the 2016 event which killed off a third of the reef's coral has become more common already.
"In the 1980's, we would see a 27-year gap on average in between bleaching events around the world. Now, they're hitting every six years on average," she said
"The unprecedented mass coral bleaching of the Great Barrier Reef in 2016 was at least 175 times more likely to occur due to climate change."
The Climate Council said state and federal government efforts to improve water quality around the reef would not offset the damage being caused by extreme heatwaves.
They said only a reduction of greenhouse gas emissions could halt increasing temperatures, helping to stop the increasing cycle of bleaching events.
Does Preschool Pay Off? Tulsa Says Yes
Enlarge this image Chelsea Beck/NPR Chelsea Beck/NPR
In 2001, not long after Oklahoma had adopted one of the nation's first universal pre-K programs, researchers from Georgetown University began tracking kids who came out of the program in Tulsa, documenting their academic progress over time.
In a new report published in the Journal of Policy Analysis and Management today, researchers were able to show that Tulsa's pre-K program has significant, positive effects on students' outcomes and well-being through middle school.
The program, which serves seven out of 10 4-year-olds in Tulsa, has attracted lots of national attention over the years because of the on-going debate over the benefits of preschool and whether those benefits are long-lasting. William Gormley, a professor of public policy at Georgetown and one of the lead researchers, says the Tulsa findings offer convincing and compelling evidence that they are.
Here's our conversation, edited for length:
Why is this study a big deal?
Because it's the first long-term study of a universal pre-K program that shows how kids benefit.
Four-year-olds were more likely to do well in reading, math and science as they moved up in grade. They were less likely to be held back or need special education, less likely to need remediation and more likely to enroll in gifted or honors programs.
We hypothesize that a key reason for this is that elementary and middle school teachers have ratcheted up the academic rigor and quality of instruction because these kids were much better prepared [compared to students who weren't enrolled in preschool]. Classroom instruction then becomes more stimulating and beneficial to students.
Teachers tell us they can spot a pre-K alumnus a mile away because that child is better prepared to learn.
What exactly did you measure?
We decided to look at a wide range of potential outcomes that the school district had good data on, deep into the middle school years. They included standardized test scores, letter grades, attendance, special education placement, whether students were in honors courses or gifted programs, suspension and retention rates.
In earlier findings, the kids in your study were also more likely to be engaged in class, less timid, more confident, with one glaring exception: black boys. By middle school, they're not doing as well as their white or Latino peers.
The results for African-American kids are not as promising in the long term as the results for members of other ethnic and racial groups. Other research, including studies of Head Start, reached similar conclusions. But one big important finding for all kids in Tulsa's pre-K program, including black students, is that they were less likely to be retained in grade.
That's a really big, important finding because retention is closely associated with negative outcomes like weak academic performance, dropping out of school, higher crime rates, and lower earnings later in life.
Still, Hispanic kids do benefit more in the longer run compared to black children. For example, the principal beneficiaries of pre-K were English language learners. Their reading gains, in particular, were phenomenal after only nine months of being in Tulsa's pre-K program.
You say that one major factor in kids' overall success is that the Tulsa program is of really "high quality." How do you define high quality?
There are two different ways to measure pre-K quality. The first way is to focus on the education level [of preschool teachers] and student-teacher ratios in the classroom. Those things look very good in the Tulsa program. Every teacher has at least a bachelors degree and is early childhood-certified. They get paid the same as a regular [elementary school] teacher.
But the proof in the pudding is to see what's going on inside classrooms. In Tulsa, the legal requirement is that you have one teacher for every 10 students in the classroom.
What about funding?
We estimate that the cost of full-day pre-K in Tulsa is $10,000 per student. The latest data shows that the long-term benefits of the Tulsa program exceed the short-term costs by at least two to one in current dollars.
In other words, taxpayers should be reassured that their investment in universal pre-K is paying off. But can a high-quality program somehow "inoculate" children from academic failure?
Well, that's a tough question.
A lot of students, especially disadvantaged students, suffer from low self-esteem. They do not think of themselves as being successful. That's when a high-quality pre-K can be enormously important.
We don't necessarily know what's going on inside children's heads to account for their success. We don't know what's going on inside individual elementary and middle school classrooms that help sustain these successes. What we do know is that Tulsa's pre-K program is producing lasting dividends for students down the road.
Is Oklahoma's universal preschool program a model for the nation?
Yes, because Oklahoma has demonstrated a very strong commitment to pre-K over two decades. It has enormous public support so it would be hard to terminate it because ordinary folks know the program is doing wonderful things for their kids.
Will your findings from Tulsa change the national debate about the long-term benefits of preschool, both real and perceived?
There's been enormous interest in the Tulsa pre-K program for the past decade. That's because it was adopted by a very poor state, a rather conservative state and it continues to produce positive outcomes for kids.
The Tulsa findings highlight the importance of quality, the importance of recruiting and retaining really good teachers. They've been trained extremely well. They've been allowed to devote more time to literacy, math and science.
Whether that will continue is uncertain because the state of Oklahoma has [recently] chosen to underfund K-12 education and that's regrettable.
It means that unless Oklahoma chooses to invest more in education, some of these significant gains will dissipate.
As for our research, our next study will look at the impact of Tulsa's preschool program on high school students' performance.
THUNDER BAY, Ont. — Police in Thunder Bay, Ont., are appealing for witnesses to an assault to come forward after video of the incident was shared on social media.
Investigators say the cellphone video shows a male striking a female, but the time and date of the incident are not known.
They say it's believed the incident occurred in the vicinity of Water and Camelot streets.
Police say they are appealing to those who witnessed the incident to come forward and provide investigators with more information.
How The Food Industry Uses Cavitation, The Ocean's Most Powerful Punch
Enlarge this image toggle caption Reinhard Dirscherl/ullstein bild via Getty Images Reinhard Dirscherl/ullstein bild via Getty Images
Throughout history, being on the receiving end of anything involving cavitation, a miniscule underwater implosion, has been bad news. Millions of years before humans discovered cavitation — and promptly began avoiding it, given its tendency to chew up machinery — the phenomenon has provided the shockwave and awe behind a punch so ridiculously violent that it's made the mantis shrimp a honey badger-esque Internet mascot.
Now, a slew of companies is co-opting the phenomenon behind the ocean's most powerful punch to process food and beverages from yogurt to beer.
Cavitation is when low pressure in a liquid produces a bubble that rapidly collapses, and heats up to 20,000 Kelvin — hotter than the sun's surface. This usually releases a flash of light called sonoluminescence, which physicists still don't understand. Some physicists even theorize that cavitation bubbles could get hot enough to power nuclear fusion.
Mantis shrimp's club-like appendages generate these bubbles by punching with the acceleration of a .22 caliber bullet. When they hit their prey's shell, they create a low-pressure area, vaporizing water and forming a cavitation bubble that collapses with a shockwave with up to 280 percent of the force of the original punch. Pistol shrimp, the world's loudest animal, snap their claws so quickly that they create a low-pressure jet that causes cavitation bubbles, stunning prey.
We humans are newcomers to cavitation. We never properly observed it until 1895, on torpedo boat propellers. And, save for using cavitation to reduce drag on torpedoes, engineers have generally designed equipment to avoid it like the plague.
According to Doug Mancosky, chief science officer of Hydro Dynamics, which designs cavitation technology, when 15 years ago he started trying to convince biofuel and petroleum manufacturers that cavitation could be used to refine their products, they thought he was crazy. Now, his company is at the forefront of a burgeoning sector of firms selling cavitation technology to food and beverage manufacturers.
Their first foray into the food market, in 2013, was when Hydro Dynamics discovered that cavitation could simplify egg pasteurization. According to Mancosky, their tech, which uses a hole-filled rotor (picture the inside of a washing machine) to generate cavitation bubbles, could heat from within the liquid. "The surfaces of our devices actually stay cooler than the liquid flowing through it" so eggs couldn't harden like they did on hot industrial equipment. And since companies could tune the intensity of cavitation, they could pasteurize and mix eggs without breaking apart too many proteins in them.
Since then, Hydro Dynamics and their licensees have branched out into processing pet food and dairy products — such as making fluffier, aerated yogurt products and milk. More recently, they've begun using cavitation bubbles to unravel and condense proteins in low-fat whey drinks to a size where they produce a richer, fat-like mouthfeel. They aren't alone in the dairy market, though. Among others, Yoplait and Valio have also patented in-house methods of using cavitation to process dairy products in recent years.
However, since 2015 — when an Italian National Research Council team published pioneering research on using cavitation to brew beer — cavitation has been making the most waves in the beverage industry.
According to one scientist from that research team, Francesco Meneguzzi, they found that cavitation processed and converted more of the starch in barley to brewable sugars — without having to germinate it first — in less time, at lower temperatures. It also reduced volatile gases, broke apart gluten, and punctured microbes' membranes, sterilizing wort, the sugary liquid fermented into beer. They could skip boiling the wort, reducing energy consumption by 40 percent. MIT's Technology Review hailed the team's innovation, and since then, cavitation has become a burgeoning fascination of craft brewers.
Hydro Dynamics, for example, found that as cavitation bubbles formed and collapsed, they pushed and pulled wort through hops "like a plunger," Mancosky says, improving flavor extraction. Two years later, they have partnerships with a slew of craft breweries, including Anchor Brewing and Cabarrus.
"One application leads to another," Mancosky says. Cabarrus, which makes a beer infused with cold brew coffee, asked him if they could use cavitation to extract more flavor from coffee. "We said 'Yeah, it should help, the same way it helps extract more flavor from hops. They fired it up, and next thing you know, they're able to reduce their cold brewing time by 80 percent." Afterwards, working with Anchor Brewing on their blackberry ale, Hydro Dynamics demonstrated that cavitation could also more effectively extract flavor from fruit.
The transition to using cavitation technology has posed some technical challenges for brewers, though. As Anchor Brewmaster Scott Ungermann tells NPR, "cavitation can drive extraction of undesirable flavors as well as the ones that we are looking for ... with so many other variables it is very difficult to dial in exactly the flavor profile."
Ryan Cottongim of Witches Brew, another craft brewer that works with Hydro Dynamics, seconds Ungermann's sentiments, saying that trying to integrate new technology while trying to keep brews consistent has been difficult. Moreover, while Cottingham has enjoyed more efficiently extracting extra hop flavor, "at some point you hit that saturation point where you're not going to get any more from this."
Nevertheless, cavitation's alcoholic applications go even further. It can age liquor and wines by acting a catalyst. Cavitation can effectively accelerate barrel aging by extracting flavor from charred wood chips — while using the char as a carbon filter to trap impurities.
In the past two years, Hydro Dynamics has sold equipment to several wineries and distilleries for aging. And, two companies, Cavitation Technologies and Sonn Beverage Systems, are targeting consumers with household devices that age wine and spirits.
Sonn, however, uses ultrasound cavitation, a method of generating cavitation with soundwaves most well known for its use in breaking up kidney stones. Sonn CEO Denis Londry tells NPR they opted for ultrasound because "unlike other ways of generating cavitation, nothing is pressurized." The whole thing can be an open container with few moving parts — suitable for a countertop, if not a winery.
Much like Hydro Dynamics has, Londry says Sonn is also aiming to expand into the tea and coffee markets — both of which are markets eager to improve their flavor extraction technology. In fact, one cavitation technology firm confirmed to NPR that they're testing cold brewing equipment with one of the world's largest coffee chains.
But the edible applications of cavitation don't stop there. The same phenomenon behind the most powerful punch makes for a better blender, catalyzes sought-after reactions, and can "neutralize a large spectrum of spoiling and harmful microbes," such as bacteria and waterborne viruses, according to Meneguzzo, "much more effectively and efficiently than most other technologies."
After millions of years of punctuating the most destructive attacks the ocean has ever seen, the cavitation bubble has a bright future in making humans' food and drinks safer and tastier.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Here is all the latest transfer news from around the globe.
Mahrez to be confirmed
Manchester City are poised to confirm the signing of Riyad Mahrez.
The deal is set to be completed by the end of the week with Sky Sports reporting that a fee of £60 million has been agreed for the Algeria international.
The 27-year-old is expected to undergo a medical in the coming days, with all major aspects of the deal agreed between the two clubs.
Leicester are set to receive around £60 million for the winger, after City rejected the £80 million asking price in January.
Real Madrid on red alert
(Image: Getty)
Chelsea shot-stopper Thibaut Courtois has put Real Madrid on red alert after suggesting he wants a move back to the Spanish capital MailOnline understands.
The 26-year-old reportedly spoke after his country's 3-2 victory over Japan and said that he wishes to be closer to his young family.
And although he insisted he enjoys life in the English capital, he cannot deny the urge to see his children more often and hopes to change the situation soon.
Arsenal after N'Zonzi
Arsenal are planning on finally attaining a central defensive midfielder to fill Patrick Vieira's boots who left 13 years ago.
They are set to put in an offer for Sevilla's Steven N'Zonzi who has flourished in La Liga.
The French international favours a move to London according to MailOnline with his family home situated in the English capital.
Nzonzi has a £35m buy out clause but Sevilla may accept £22m for the 29-year-old.
Over the past month, the Nintendo Switch has quickly entrenched itself at the core of our gaming lifestyle, this hybrid system, which plays the parts of handheld and home console, is an amalgamation of great ideas and the dreams of gamers everywhere. The console itself looks like an unassuming tablet that, aside from the logo, you'd be forgiven for thinking that it was another cheap Fire device from Amazon; this is not so.
The Switch's pair of new controllers, or JoyCons as their called, snap onto the sides of the console for portable play, into a grip that forms a full-sized controller, or individually handed off to friends for some quick multiplayer action and that's just a few of the ways these little guys can be used. Each JoyCon packs a ton of tech under the hood such as “HD Rumble” which gives the impression of texture and tactility to vibration, as well as a dedicated screenshot button and Wii-like motion controls which allow the JoyCons to act as a true extension of your hand.
The JoyCons are only half of the parlor tricks though, included in the box is a dock for the system. Simply slide it in and the Switch transforms from a powerful portable to a proper home console. When life comes calling and you gotta dash, simply remove the console and you're playing Zelda on the go; it really feels like magic and the transition is seamless. Not having to stop the game while you go to work, school, or wherever is something gamers have dreamed of and for the first time you don't need to stop saving Hyrule just because you're away from home.
The ability to play your games anywhere is awesome, but it's important to note that this hybrid design is one of compromise. As a portable the Switch isn't as pocketable as Nintendo's own 3DS and the powerful hardware means you can expect around 6 hours of battery life at best. This sounds like doom and gloom until you realize that most people are unlikely to have more than a free hour to play on the go, but if for some reason you're taking an exceptionally long car ride, the standard USB-C connector makes it easy to use any portable battery packs you may have bought for Pokémon GO last summer.
As a home console, the Switch isn't as capable as the PS4 or Xbox One; It's nowhere near as powerful owing to its size and lacks the kind of robust ecosystem enjoyed by other platforms. The online setup is as bare-bones as it gets, you can add friends and that's about it. The Switch doesn't even have a messaging system. While the Switch isn't trying to be a “me too” system, this is unacceptable in 2017. On that note, the long-term success of the system is still up in the air. Nintendo's last system, the Wii U, famously flopped and Nintendo lost basically all third-party support. If things are going to be different this time around, Nintendo will need more than just an interesting design and Zelda to succeed.
Should you get a Switch? Right now, that depends largely on how much you like Zelda. If you jump in now there is a lot to like, but you'll need to deal with some growing pains and we'd recommend waiting until the system is a little more fleshed out before pulling the trigger.
By Oliver Aston, staff writter
From George
I have always voted right wing, its my natural home and it has served me well. The departure of JK has removed the blinkers. My support for National was very much conditional as long as JK was at the helm. It took his departure for me to expand my surveillance of National without JK and the landscape has changed.
It didn't have to of course. But it has. Just like the departure of Helen Clark caused the Labour party to fracture, the departure of Key has laid bare the internal fault lines inside National. And just like the Labour party, it is the old career pollies that flexed their muscles and acted out of self interest instead of realising that they had a chance to do exactly what Key did and clearly communicate that.
But that's not how people, and politics, work.
A change of leader does cause a reassessment of support for the party. And when a leader leaves with the party at 50% in the polls, the only way to go is down. No matter the merits of an English-led National, it was a hospital pass.
But I know how Bill English operates. My readers don't have the years of personal close observation to draw on. National as a dominant party is, for the time being, a spent force. If English brings National to an election result with a 4 in front, he will have done very well.
Unless English swings National back to the centre, Winston is going to carve National up like he did in Northland.
Irony: John Key has been the most left-leaning National leader this country has ever seen, with many, many policies implemented to the left of Helen Clark. Take increasing the minimum wage in real terms for example. And yet the left have treated Key like he was Gordon Gekko in Wall Street. It's all too amusing for words really.
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," she says. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example he and his colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, he notes.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," she says. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," she adds. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
A Michigan high school student is facing charges after authorities say he tried to grab a deputy's gun, causing it to fire inside a school.
Garrett Robert Brodeur, 18, was arraigned on charges of attempting to disarm a peace officer, resisting arrest, and assault and battery.
Police said the teen attacked his ex-girlfriend at Oxford High School on Tuesday, Oct. 3. School officials said they detained Brodeur after the assault and were walking him to the front office when he hit an administrator in the chest with a closed fist.
Oakland County Sheriff deputies arrived at the school and a uniformed deputy tried to escort Brodeur to the front door of the school when he began to physically struggle with him and another deputy.
During the struggle, police said Brodeur reached for the deputy's firearm that was secured in his retention holster. Investigators said Brodeur ignored the deputy's verbal commands to stop, and was able to somehow depress the trigger of the holstered firearm, causing the weapon to discharge.
The round struck the floor and ricocheted into a nearby interior wall. Police said the gun never left the deputy's holster during the struggle. Luckily, no one was struck by the bullet.
Brodeur was arrested and taken to a local hospital for “pre-existing medical issues,” police said. He was later cleared and taken to Oakland County Jail.
Investigators said Brodeur is a student at the high school and is allowed on campus, but also has a written agreement with school officials to stay away from his ex-girlfriend due to a previous incident that happened on school grounds.
Brodeur received a $7500 personal bond with numerous provisions, including no contact with the victim, no firearms or weapons permitted within the household, GPS tether, not allowed on school property, random PBT's as well as probation monitoring.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — Lady Gaga now has her very own drink collection at Starbucks.
The coffee giant is partnering with the singer's “Born This Way” foundation to promote youth wellness and empowerment.
The “Cups of Kindness” collection features two of Starbucks' famous pink drinks and two new beverages.
Starbucks will donate 25 cents from each drink sale to the foundation.
The promotion starts June 14 and runs through June 19.
Funds will support initiatives including improvement of mental health resources.
Starbucks is committing a minimum $250,000 contribution to the “Born This Way” foundation.
Find your closest Starbucks location here.
Charleston's charcuterie chefs can turn entrails into a delicacy, utilize mold for culinary magic, and transform a thick blob of pork fatback into a ridiculously rapturous 'nduja. But translate those meticulous curing processes into the detailed, scientific forms required to satisfy DHEC's new food code? That's proving a harder hog to rustle.
The intense, slow, and mysterious process by which one creates charcuterie out of typically unused animal parts has become many a chef's passion. Coppa, salamis, lamb bacon, bresaola, picante, mortadella, pancetta....delicious poetry, especially compared to this mouthful: Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point, or HACCP in DHEC-speak.
But the HACCP is one of local charcuterie maker's major headaches right now. And has been since DHEC adopted an updated food code for charcuterie on June 27, 2016.
The new regulations require that retail "special process" operations must develop and file a HACCP that outlines, in step-by-minute-step detail, the entire process for the product. So making prosciutto needs its own HACCP documentation and making salami needs another, and so on — pages and pages of tedious written documentation modeled on NASA standards, which must then be presented to DHEC for approval.
"The problem is, unless you've worked with a HACCP plan before, you're entering unknown territory," says Craig Deihl, chef at Cypress and Artisan Meat Share and a founding member of the Butcher's Guild, a national network of meat professionals that promotes responsible butchering.
He feels daunted by the documentation process after submitting forms that got returned for revision. "I understand how to make charcuterie, but not how to have a complete paper trail, or at least one that my DHEC rep can understand," says Deihl, who took a HACCP class as prep, and the man who reviews his paperwork was taking in the same class.
click to enlarge Provided
Mercantile's butcher David McBeth says DHEC's provisions feel like "regulation for the sake of regulation."
The issue is complex. Of course there's a need for food safety — Trichinella, Staphylococcus, Listeria, and mold are just some of the pathogens that can turn a lovely picnic of cold cuts into a deadly, gut-wrenching nightmare. The main risks in the ultra slow, age-old process of curing meats involves monitoring pH levels, water activity level, and cross contamination.
When Deihl began delving into charcuterie in 2007, he developed his own meticulous processes based on the DHEC standards and guidelines then in place. His formulas are focused on one thing: taste.
"This is a really long, slow, artisan product where it's all about flavor. The thing that's unique about our process is I make it, stuff it, and put it in my storage room. I don't want to check it after 72 hours. Part of this whole dilemma is they want me to change what I'm doing. It hangs there for a god awful long time — it could be a year and a half for the large salamis," says Deihl. "Food scientists aren't thinking about flavor, they're thinking about safety."
"I want to do what's right and safe. I've been doing this for 10 years and never had a problem," adds Deihl, who is 100 percent behind the need for caution, care, and safety.
ADVERTISEMENT
But he's also running a business and restaurant with a small staff and doesn't have endless hours to devote to tedious paperwork, or the budget to outsource the documentation process. Plus, DHEC only gave special process operators a year and a half lead-time to adapt to the new regulations. Currently Deihl is operating under a variance to the HACCP. And furthermore, the DHEC regulators, according to Deihl and other charcuteriers in the Charleston area, are not well versed in the complexities of the process.
"Our contact in Columbia who specifically heads up this division doesn't have a clue about charcuterie, about what makes them safe or doesn't make them safe," says Mercantile butcher David McBeth. "It's difficult when we say to him, 'these sausages are ready to go and we should be able to serve them,' and he comes back and says 'We need to see a pH drop' ... it's a constant back and forth thing. It would be helpful for them to get their act together," he adds. "It seems like regulation for the sake of regulation."
Travis Grimes, executive chef at Husk, agrees that the DHEC hoops are troublesome. "We have our HACCP plans in place. We mainly do smoke and cooked meats which are not as in-depth as the dry process ones," says Grimes. Husk's charcuterie is made by Jon Kurzen, who had to make adjustments to conform to the specifications. "With DHEC's guidance we went back many, many times and made corrections to the verbiage in our plans. It's pretty technical and pretty frustrating."
And for our local charcutiers, even if they jump through the initial hurdles and the HACCP paperwork passes DHEC approval, there's no guarantee that the field inspector who comes knocking will be on the same page.
According to DHEC, the process is more straightforward. "All HACCP plans are evaluated and approved through DHEC's food protection division located in Columbia. Thorough reviews of requests for a special process are completed by the division's staff, which includes a coordinator that has more than 10 years of experience in writing and evaluating HACCP plans for the food processing industry as well as experience in training others in how to write HACCP plans," the agency commented.
A DHEC coordinator offers technical assistance on these plans, which might include referrals to other resources such as Clemson's Food Science Program, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Sounds a lot like making sausage.
So what's the cure for those who've become devotees of artisan meat delicacies? Might you be left hanging like a salami on a drying rack?
"For now, I'm not doing any dry charcuterie, and it's depressing me," says Deihl, who personally oversees and hand-makes every ounce of charcuterie sold by Cypress and Artisan Meat Share, and has about six months of product left before he's out.
"I'm going to stop to figure this out so I can get back to doing what I do very well. Fortunately, it's our slow season right now, so I hope I'll have the time."
But one thing that Deihl won't relent on is changing his process — as difficult to document as it may be — simply to satisfy the HACCP.
"I'm not going to make a product that tastes like something from the grocery. My number one fear is the loss of quality," he says. "Yes, I want to be safe. And I want to make the most delicious product in the form of dry cured, fermented sausages, salumi, and salami that you've tasted. Unfortunately my skill set is I don't know how to put that into writing. I can, however, make it for you, and when it's done, you'll have a bite and say 'by damn, that's super tasty.'"
ST. LOUIS, MO (KPLR) – Our APA of Missouri Monday Mascot this week is Cool Guy, a 4-year-old cat.
As his name suggests, this cat is very relaxed and has not problem with being cuddled.
Here is the information that you'll need to adopt Cool Guy or any of the other available pets:
APA of Missouri
1705 South Hanley Road
314-645-4610
Is your pet lost? Try looking at STLlostpets.org
Shona has just been revealed as Clayton's mum
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Broadchurch revealed that Leo forced Clive Lucas' son Michael to rape Trish Winterman in an emotional and heartbreaking finale as the gripping ITV drama came to an end.
It was revealed that he beat the teenager - who had been expelled from school for having porn on his phone - and forced him to have sex with the unconscious woman.
Michael's dad offered to go down for the crime, saying his son is "just a boy" and begged authorities to blame him - while it was revealed a remorseless Leo Humphreys also raped two other women through shocking footage found on his phone.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
Asked about the attack, he disgustingly argued that as the women had already had sex, there wasn't an issue.
Earlier in the finale, Clive continued to defend and protect his son, while DI Alec Hardy and DS Ellie Miller revealed the 16-year-old had been groomed by Leo.
"Don't make me do this," Clive begged as the duo asked him about the attack.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
Broadchurch viewers were stunned during the series finale as Ed Burnett also admitted he heard Trish Winterman being raped - although he mistook it for "drunken sex".
"I heard her being raped. I didn't know that's what it was. I was at the edge of the woods, this was after I fell. I heard some sounds coming from near the waterfall, I thought it was just drunk sex. I didn't realise was it was until later," he said.
Trish was tied up and gagged, never seeing her attacker, and making the job for the policing duo almost impossible.
Trish had been attacked at a friend Kath's 50th birthday party - where a lot of men were present - and the list of suspects was a long one.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
Hardy and Miller have been whittling down the suspects throughout the series, with the finger at the end of the last episode pointed firmly at Jim Atwood.
Jim's DNA was found on Trish, but to make things more complicated, Trish had slept with Jim that morning, and Kath was very unhappy when she found out.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: Kudos/Imaginary Friends/Sister Pictures/ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
Meanwhile, the Latimer family have been trying to live their lives following the death of their son Danny.
After Joe Miller was acquitted of the crime, Danny's dad Mark became obsessed with revenge and managed to track him down earlier this series.
Mark got Joe to finally confess to killing Danny (but failing to secretly record it) and it all got a bit too much for him.
He tried to kill himself by going so far into the sea that he'd drown, but he was rescued and taken to hospital.
His wife, Beth, who became a counsellor and has been helping Trish since the rape, took him back into the house in a bid to help him see that life is worth living.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
In 2015, the MSU-Northern Lights went winless, and in 2016 they finally got their first win under head coach Aaron Christensen. The Lights are hoping that year three will be the charm to turn things around.
"We're looking to improve every year and get better, and obviously the goal is to win every game," said head coach Aaron Christensen.
However, Christensen's team lost sixteen seniors, which has dented the Lights offense and defense.
"The challenge is going to be replacing some seniors who played a big part for us the last couple of years. Tyler Craig, Zach McKinley. Those guys were big names for us," Coach Christensen said. "So for us, we have to find that guys to kind of do that and step up and we think we have the guys who will be able to do it and that's what we're trying to out during fall camp."
Northern will also have a new quarterback this season.
"We have four quarterbacks who are all fighting for it. Holden Maki, Tommy Wilson and Bryce Missy and Dylan Cook. All four guys are fighting for it," said Christensen.
Last year's quarterback Jess Krahn has moved to play as a tight end, which Christensen says would be a good fit him.
"I'm a good size for a tight end. I was always a pretty big quarterback. I think size well it transitions well, and I look forward to getting a chance to catch the ball and run down the field a little bit," said senior tight end Jess Krahn.
Lights defense has also changed.
"There are obviously open spots all across the defense. We lost a whole veteran defensive line, and there's young guys coming in at defensive line, should be good," said senior middle linebacker Garet Fowler.
"We will be a little bit younger unit but we're excited about the young guys we've got playing. I think the big thing is just hustling around, and just making sure we understand what we're supposed to do assignment wise. It will be a lot of work, but I expect us to have some success," said Christensen.
In order to meet those expectations,
"Relentless effort, play physical and be one unit and that was our motto during the spring and that's we're going into the fall," said senior Garet Fowler linebacker.
"We just seem to have the attitude that we can do whatever we want and it's all up to us," added senior tight end Kagen Khameneh. "We have a great group of guys. A lot of young guys but I think we're all here and I think we all know we can do that and not looking backwards but looking forwards."
ORLANDO, Fla. — American soccer players do not want fly over 8,000 miles to Malaysia next month for a playoff against Syria or make a 7,000-mile-plus journey for a match in Australia.
After getting just one point in two September qualifiers, a loss to Panama on Friday night would have left the U.S. with one more chance to reach next year's World Cup: by winning a playoff against the fifth-place nation in Asia. And the Americans weren't even assured of that.
"We still knew that everything was in our hands. It still is," defender Matt Besler said after Friday night's 4-0 rout of the Panamanians lifted the United States back into third place — the last automatic berth in the North and Central American and Caribbean region.
The Americans have overcome an 0-2 start and head into their final game of the hexagonal on Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago with 12 points, two ahead of Panama and three ahead of Honduras, which plays Saturday at Costa Rica.
A win would put the U.S. in its eighth straight World Cup as long as Honduras does not defeat the Ticos and Mexico while overcoming its goal difference against the U.S., currently 12.
A draw at Trinidad would be sufficient unless Honduras wins its last two matches and Panama does not beat Costa Rica by eight goals (or seven if Panama somehow overcomes its deficit in total goals vs. the U.S., currently nine).
Retired goalkeeper Kasey Keller, now an ESPN analyst, said the reality of the situation hit the Americans after the 2-0 loss to Costa Rica in New Jersey and the 1-1 draw at Honduras.
"Oh, boy. We don't have any time. We have to put it right," Keller said of the thought process. "So much of the rhetoric before the game was there had to be a start to this match that kind of emphasized the poor results from September, and I think you saw that. You needed stars to show up, and the U.S.'s biggest star showed up and scored the first, created the second."
Christian Pulisic, the 19-year-old from Hershey, Pennsylvania, who is a rising star with Germany's Borussia Dortmund, helped energize the U.S. when he was shifted to central midfield from the flanks. He scored with a brilliant touch in the eighth minute and passed to Jozy Altidore, who doubled the lead in the 19th.Altidore converted a penalty kick in the 43rd and Bobby Wood got the final goal in the 63rd.
"It was exactly what I expected," U.S. captain Michael Bradley said, "and now we've got to make sure that in a few days' time were ready to go to Trinidad and after 15 games of qualifying make sure that we finish things off in the right way."
Bullying is the number one concern for parents ahead of Scottish schools going back this week, according to a poll by leading charity, Action for Children Scotland.
The survey of 1000 families across Scotland also highlighted parental worries about children's emotional wellbeing, the cost of school uniform and simply getting kids back into the school routine.
Families revealed that they would benefit from one to one support to help with issues, and more availability of after school clubs and classes.
The charity is using the survey results to highlight the need for parents to talk to their children regularly, monitor use of social media and build family time into busy lives, when young people and children are more likely to engage and open up about their problems.
Paul Carberry, Director of Action for Children Scotland, said: “We want starting the new school year to be a positive, exciting time for children and their parents. Our staff are on hand to provide practical and emotional support to help with the transition back to school, recognising the range of challenges that some families face. This includes bringing parents and teachers together to resolve difficulties jointly and at an early stage.”
The charity has welcomed the Scottish Government's ‘Pupil Equity Fund' which can be used by Head Teachers in a flexible way to tackle issues and difficulties which may result in some children being disadvantaged at school by circumstances outside their control.
Paul Carberry added: “The ‘Pupil Equity Fund' is a real opportunity to make a difference to those children who are at greatest risk of non-attainment, and to bring in flexible support to help address the challenges.”
The charity has issued their Top Five tips for parents as children go back to school. Louise McKechnie is a Family Support Practitioner at Action for Children Scotland's Glasgow Family Wellbeing Partnership which supports vulnerable families in Glasgow. Louise says:
1. Bedtime routine: Establishing a good bedtime routine is key. Over the summer holidays, children are usually out of this routine. Having a chat to children about that change and making sure that children are prepared for making it is important to avoid chaos in the morning!
2. Be prepared: Preparing uniforms, shoes and lunches the night before is very important. If these things aren't ready in the morning, then that's another stress for both parents and children. By having everything ready the night before, it means the children can be ready to go quickly in the morning.
3. Speak to teachers: Often parents we work with have concerns about bullying, additional needs or emotional wellbeing. Communication with the school in advance and setting out a support plan helps to reduce any worries for parents and child.
4. Know what school policies are: Particularly in relation to late comings and absence and how to report these. Having the school numbers handy and having them logged in your phone is essential as is making sure your phone has credit.
5. Finding out about school clubs: This poll highlighted how valuable parents regard these sorts of activities for their children. The school handbook details what clubs are available and schools often issue letters about activities happening throughout the year. Schools are easily contactable so there are a number of ways to find out what is available and the sort of activities your children can take part in.
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Barcelona have denied their former left-back Eric Abidal underwent an illegal liver transplant in 2012.
The French defender had the operation - with the organ reportedly donated by his cousin - while he was playing for the Catalan giants.
He had been diagnosed with a tumour on his liver in 2011 and underwent an operation several days later.
But that did resolve the problem and Abidal had the transplant the following year.
Now a newspaper report in Spain has claimed that Barcelona used the story about his relative to cover up the truth - that they had purchased the organ on the black market.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: AFP)
But Barcelona has denied the claims, saying: "There was no type of irregularity in the player's liver transplant.
"We have complete confidence in the Hospital Clinic and don't doubt Abidal's honour or that of his foundation."
El Confidencial reported that Spanish police have intercepted phone calls from former Barcelona president Sandro Rosell to an unknown person discussing Abidal's situation.
(Image: AFP)
The case was heard at court as a result of the investigation but was closed when no wrongdoing was found.
Abidal left the club in 2013 and had spells at Monaco and Olympiakos before retiring.
Last month he returned to Barcelona, replacing Roberto Fernanez as director of football.
Looking At The Politics Of Guns After The Massacre In Las Vegas NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with David Brooks of The New York Times, and EJ Dionne, of The Washington Post and co-author of One Nation After Trump about guns in the U.S.
'Powwow Sweat' Promotes Fitness Through Traditional Dance
In Indian Country, a gym membership is not a cultural norm and the incidence of heart disease and obesity are high. Native Americans are 60 percent more likely to be obese than non-Hispanic whites. The Coeur D'Alene tribe, whose headquarters are in northern Idaho, is trying to combat the problem by incorporating culture into fitness programs.
The tribe has created an exercise routine — called "Powwow Sweat" — based on traditional dancing. The program features a series of workout videos that break down six traditional dances into step-by-step exercise routines.
"Drop the pringles and let's jingle," commands Shedaezha Hodge, as she demonstrates the steps that make up the women's "Jingle Dress" dance.
High steps, box steps, cross steps and kicks combine into a routine that would give any Zumba class a run for its money.
"Sweating yet?" Hodge asks, as she encourages the dancers to go faster and kick higher.
Traditional Dance Members of the Coeur D'Alene tribe demonstrate the "basic step" that's used in traditional powwow dances.
All the dances in the exercise program are typical at powwows, including the "Men's Fancy Dance," — which features four basic steps and a hip move. The hip move involves lifting your knee up, then circling it out to the side, all the while bouncing to the drum beat.
"I lost 13 1/2 pounds," says Ryan Ortivez, who attends the weekly "Powwow Sweat" classes at the Coeur D'Alene Wellness Center, in Plummer, Idaho.
"I'm aiming to lose 40 more pounds by the end of the year," he adds.
Ortivez quit smoking this year. He also gave up junk food and soft drinks.
There are some real health challenges in this community, says Terry O'Toole, senior health advisor with the division of nutrition, physical activity and obesity at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The CDC has given the Coeur D'Alene tribe $2 million to develop "Powwow Sweat." It also supports a community garden on the reservation and a project that stocks the gas station market with healthy food options.
"Combating obesity requires more than just one initiative or one program," O'Toole says. "It takes a variety of what we call 'population-based strategies.' "
The goal is to achieve community-wide results, O'Toole says.
That isn't going to be easy, says LoVina Louie, director of the tribe's wellness center. Mainstream fitness and nutrition programs don't meet the needs of tribal members, she says.
"What they lack is spirituality," says Louie. "Most programming is only physical, or it's only nutrition. It's in these compartments — whereas we're more holistic," Louie says. "We want to incorporate the mind, body and spirit into what we do."
"Powwow Sweat" is a good example of that — using traditional dance for a high-intensity workout.
The Crow Hop Combine "basic steps" with "hops," "spins" and "side taps" — this dance will make your calves burn!
"It's almost like jumping rope for 25 minutes straight," Louie says, as she keeps everyone moving through dance steps at one of the weekly exercise classes. "If you don't do it regularly, your calves will hurt, like you're just out of breath, because you're just constantly bouncing."
It's this combination of tradition and exercise that keeps tribal member Ryan Ortivez and his neighbors coming to class each week, to watch the videos and dance alongside each other.
"It's a lot more attractive than doing jogging or the bicycle for me, because it also relates to my culture," says Ortivez.
"I'm in love with my community, first and foremost," he says. "My people. I love to see my community get involved and get active and be healthy."
In addition to losing weight and getting healthy, Ortivez wants to get in good enough shape to dance in the tribe's powwow this summer. If he does, it will be his first time.
Ride Hailing In Rural America: Like Uber With A Neighborly Feel
Enlarge this image toggle caption M.L. Schultze/WKSU M.L. Schultze/WKSU
It's easy enough for people who live in cities to hail a ride, either from a taxi or a service like Uber or Lyft. There's plenty of demand, and plenty of drivers. A startup is trying to bring a similar service to rural America, but it has required some creative thinking.
The town of Van Wert sits on the western edge of Ohio. It's a stretch of flat farm country punctuated with grain silos and a stone castle that's listed as the nation's first county public library.
It doesn't seem like the first place a ride-hailing service would likely come. But Erica Petrie says maybe that's a mistake.
Petrie is the mobility manager of the seven-county Area Agency on Aging. Her job is to find transportation options in Van Wert, which has no buses, one cab and a lot of needs.
"The quick turnaround needs: 'Can someone help me get to the doctor?' We see short-term needs: 'Normally I'm able to drive, but my car's in the shop,' " she says.
So Petrie helped recruit Liberty Mobility Now to Van Wert. The startup began in Nebraska about two years ago and has expanded to Texas and Ohio. It's also on its way to Colorado.
Founder Valerie Lefler grew up on a dairy farm and worked on rural transportation issues at the University of Nebraska. She created Liberty as a business, but she talks about it as a mission — one requiring drivers to do more than leave customers at the door.
"We really look for folks who are altruistic, that would want to do this anyway because that's what they would do for their best friend or their own mother," Lefler says.
One of those people is Shelia Mendoza, whose mission in life, she says, is to be a grandma.
Mendoza has worked for a dry cleaner and at a Wal-Mart. She's sold insurance, made RV cabinets and briefly ran Shelia's Cornucopia Cove. And when Liberty came to Van Wert two months ago, she was one of about a dozen drivers recruited and trained.
The grandmother of 17 and self-described talker was a natural. That's because while part of Liberty's model is built on an app designed to work in rural geographies, much more of it is built on relationships.
For example, Mendoza developed a relationship with her first customer who'd lost his license but found a job: the midnight shift at a meat processing plant. A county agency was willing to cover transportation costs for a few weeks until he could get his license back.
"I always had him there five to 10 minutes early," Mendoza says. "We would stop and get coffee sometimes ... before he would go to work. Once in a while he paid for mine."
Since he regained his license, things have slowed down for Mendoza.
"I was happy he got his car, I was happy he got his license. He's a better person for that because I know he hated getting hauled around by an old lady," she says and laughs.
She's hoping business will pick up, and her hopes rest with a lower-tech option Liberty is launching: a call center for those who don't or can't use an app.
"I've heard a lot of people say, 'Well, I don't want anything like that on my phone; I don't have room,' " she says.
Scott Bogren of the Community Transportation Association of America, which specializes in smaller and rural transportation issues, says the call center shows that Liberty understands its target community.
"The adult children of these seniors who can book rides for mom — they're going to use an online service," he says. "And combine that with the ability for mom to call in and talk to somebody that she can get to know — there's the sweet spot."
Because of chronic transportation needs, Liberty is partnering with United Ways, hospitals, health departments and other social service agencies.
Rides cost $1.25 to book and $1 per mile. The fees are a small fraction of what the cabbie charges, but Liberty says it will also make referrals if the taxi's a better fit.
Petrie says all of that captures the spirit of the area.
"I like that the drivers are from the communities," she says. "People are I think more polite, more neighborly. That's just what is going to fit here."
Liberty Mobility is hoping to find similar fits all across America.
M.L. Schultze is a reporter with NPR member station WKSU. You can follow her @MLSchultze.
TORONTO — Curtis Granderson hit a solo shot off Craig Kimbrel in the 10th inning to give the Toronto Blue Jays a 4-3 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night at Rogers Centre.
Granderson belted a 2-0 pitch for a no-doubt shot to deep right field. It was his third homer of the season and fourth career walkoff blast.
The Red Sox have lost three in a row but still own the best record in the major leagues at 17-5. The Blue Jays (14-8) moved three games behind Boston in the American League East division standings.
Toronto right-hander Tyler Clippard worked one inning of relief for the victory.
The Red Sox tied the game in the ninth inning by scoring two runs off Blue Jays closer Roberto Osuna.
Eduardo Nunez drove in Hanley Ramirez to make it a one-run game and Brock Holt delivered a two-out single to bring Rafael Devers home with the tying run. Nunez tried to score on the play but Granderson threw him out at home to prevent Boston from taking the lead.
Toronto starter J.A. Happ deserved better than a no-decision after striking out 10 batters over seven innings. He allowed one earned run, four hits and did not issue a walk.
The Blue Jays put three runs on the board in the second inning. Devers, the Boston third baseman, had a rough frame and Toronto took full advantage.
With runners on the corners, Kevin Pillar hit a grounder to third but Devers was wide with his throw home to allow Steve Pearce to score.
Granderson hit a sharp grounder later in the frame that handcuffed Devers after it hit the seam where the turf meets the dirt infield. The ball bounced behind Devers and as he retrieved it, Aledmys Diaz and Devon Travis scampered home.
Bitcoin Futures Surge In First Day Of Trading
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kin Cheung/AP Kin Cheung/AP
On their first day of trading, bitcoin futures surged past $18,000, adding to a streak for the digital currency that began the year at just $1,000 and has nearly tripled in value over the past month alone.
Reuters reports that bitcoin futures, traded through the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), saw January contracts, which opened at $15,460 in New York on Sunday evening, leap to a high of $17,170 during Asian hours.
Trading, which began at 6 p.m. ET (5 p.m. CT), was so intense that halts designed to cool volatility were triggered twice on the CBOE.
The halts are "not surprising based on the volatility of the underlying [asset]. The futures are behaving as expected and designed," Tom Lehrkinder, senior analyst at consulting firm Tabb Group, was quoted by CNBC as saying.
Coindesk writes: "In all, the tumultuous start is perhaps a fitting start to the trading of the new contracts. CBOE's is the first to be traded on a major regulated exchange in the U.S., and it's set to be followed next week by CME Group, which has announced that it will launch its own products on Dec. 18."
The surge in bitcoin futures, the first of which expire in January, adds to the frenzy for the digital currency that was introduced in 2009 and has seen its value skyrocket in recent months.
But it has also contributed to concern that bitcoin, which is not backed by any country's central bank, is a speculative bubble that could burst if investors get nervous and begin selling.
As NPR's Bill Chappell wrote last month:
"Bitcoin's rise has been both meteoric and volatile, with surges in valuation often being driven by positive reports about its status. Earlier this year, for instance, Japan recognized bitcoin as an official method of payment. "... Another factor has been the move to split the original bitcoin segment into two currencies: bitcoin classic and bitcoin cash. That change, which became official in August, has allowed large trades in the currency to occur more frequently, while also promising to bolster its infrastructure."
"This is kind of the classic bubble psychology," Timothy Lee, a senior tech reporter with Ars Technica, tells NPR's Weekend Edition Saturday. "People hear about it and they say, 'Oh, maybe I should get in because this is an opportunity.' Then the cycle repeats. The price goes up some more, and so it gets more coverage."
The Associated Press writes "[the] rocketing level of appreciation smells a lot like an irrational investor mania to many economists and financial pros, the kind that sent prices for unprofitable startup internet companies soaring in the dot-com boom. Those prices eventually came crashing down."
According to The Financial Times, in Japan, investors were buying bitcoin with a leverage up to 15 times their cash deposit. However, "Yuzo Kano, bitFlyer's chief executive, said in an interview with the Financial Times that the liquidity on his Tokyo-based exchange — which has an 80 per cent share of bitcoin trading in Japan and 20-30 per cent of the global market — was deep enough to handle even the biggest market movements."
WASHINGTON (AP) – The Pentagon official tells The Associated Press that transgender people can enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban.
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Department of Defense also is studying the issue.
OTTAWA — A surge in full-time work in September fuelled a 10th-straight month of net job gains to match the economy's longest monthly streak since the financial crisis nine years ago, Statistics Canada said Friday.
The national unemployment rate stayed at a nine-year low of 6.2 per cent in September after Canada added 10,000 net new jobs, including 112,000 full-time positions.
The unemployment rate in Waterloo Region rose to 4.5 per cent from 4.4 per cent.
The rise in full-time work more than offset a drop of 102,000 part-time jobs, but last month's net job gain was driven by growth in public-sector employment.
The September jobs report also showed yet another improvement in the important indicator of wage growth. Compared to the year before, average hourly wages grew at the above-inflation pace of 2.2 per cent, for the biggest increase since April 2016.
The numbers show the employment increase was also concentrated in factory work as the goods-producing sector added 10,500 jobs, compared to a loss of 500 positions in the services industry.
The survey detected a gain of 10,800 paid employee jobs, while the number of people who described themselves as self-employed, including unpaid workers in family businesses, fell by 800.
CIBC chief economist Avery Shenfeld said the report showed Canada's job market was "ho-hum" last month and in line with other signals of a moderation in economic growth.
He suggested that weighs against the probability of a third interest rate hike this year from the Bank of Canada.
"Overall, the 10,000 pace is about what we would expect as a trend if GDP growth is tailing off to the two per cent range in the second half of the year, enough of a slowdown to keep the Bank of Canada on hold until 2018," Shenfeld wrote in a research note to clients.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jack Wilshere has admitted that he uses religion to get him through his injury hell.
The Arsenal midfielder is spending the season on loan at Bournemouth as he looks to get his career back on track following a number of injuries which, but is currently sidelined with an ankle problem.
And in an interview with Kicca , he has been discussing the role that faith plays in his life.
“I'm a Christian but not one who goes to church every Sunday or who prays all the time,” he saiys. “Of course I believe in God and stuff but I'm not that religious.
(Photo: Reuters)
“Sometimes, you know what it's like, you're sat there thinking about everything, and everything runs through your head and you think: ‘Oh I wonder if there is a God.' And I think there is. I do believe in that side of Christianity."
And the England midfielder also believes that his beliefs have helped him get through injuries that saw him make only 17 starts over the past two seasons at the Emirates.
“I think it has helped me through injuries a little bit," he continues. "One thing that keeps me going through injuries is getting that feeling of running back on the pitch.
(Photo: Reuters)
“Them long dark days in the gym, getting in at eight, getting home at five, when you're watching the boys come in at 10, training and getting off.
“It's hard but what keeps me going knows the fact that I will be back on the pitch and if I do this work to the best of my ability, I'll probably be back on the pitch quicker.”
Wilshere is currently waiting to see how long his current ankle injury will keep him out for, after learning that he had not broken it in the 4-0 loss at Tottenham.
Hawaii's Volcanic Eruption Draws Scientific Interest
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Geological Survey
The images from the eruption of Kilauea in Hawaii are breathtaking. Lava is gushing from cracks in the earth, blasting — at times — more than 200 feet in the air. Vog — volcanic fog — from the volcano is drifting as far as Guam.
For those living in the southeast corner of the Big Island, the eruption is devastating. But it's also presenting an incredible opportunity for scientists looking to better understand the world usually beneath our feet.
A post shared by N Rott (@narott) on May 27, 2018 at 11:23pm PDT
Every day, night and minute since this major eruption started, scientists have been tracking its progress. Drones buzz over the rivers of lava, blinking red and green at night against the creamsicle glow of the rising smoke. Sensors and monitors record every earthquake and eruption. And teams of volcanologists are out on foot 24 hours a day recording gas levels, lava speeds, fountain heights and whatever other data they can get.
Economy Kilauea Volcano Disrupts Big Island's Tourist-Dependent Economy Kilauea Volcano Disrupts Big Island's Tourist-Dependent Economy Listen · 3:47 3:47
National Residents Near Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano Brace For Uncertainty Residents Near Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano Brace For Uncertainty Listen · 3:50 3:50
Alexa Van Eaton, a physical volcanologist usually stationed in Oregon at Cascades Volcano Observatory, went out recently to record the speed and behavior of a lava flow from fissures 7 and 21. What struck her most was the sound: "You can hear, first of all the coqui frogs, but in the background you can hear the clinkering of the lava, which really does sound like breaking glass."
That word clinkering is actually a technical term. It's the barely audible sound and process of lava breaking.
"As a volcanologist you learn about this term clinker," says Van Eaton, "and for me, it hadn't really sunk in that that's what it actually sounds like. It's clinkering! It's onomatopoeia!"
Van Eaton and other scientists are very, very excited about the opportunity to study an active volcano. As one scientist put it: Eruptions like this are a window into the inner workings of our planet.
"This is a once-in-a-lifetime process to really be a part of," Van Eaton says.
But the reality of what this volcano is doing to people, their homes and property is not lost on any of the scientists here. Brett Walker, a Ph.D. student from the University of Hawaii, Manoa, was out collecting lava samples a few nights ago.
"So as excited as I was to collect this fresh molten piece of lava," she explains, "I'm collecting it on the property of my friend's house, whose house was burning down. So it's just this complete mix of excitedness, happiness and sadness and devastation really."
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Geological Survey
Wendy Stovall, a volcanologist with the U.S. Geological Survey, says all of the data they're collecting will drive research for years, helping scientists better understand how volcanoes work all over the world. She says it's a generational event that will define the field the way Mount St. Helens did in the 1980s.
"And that will hopefully inform land-use planning, emergency preparedness and keep people's lives from being impacted so heavily like they have [been] during this eruption," Stovall says.
That's the reason Natalia Deligne has been watching the eruption on TV during her lunch breaks. She's a volcanic hazard and risk modeler in New Zealand.
"Our largest city, Auckland, is built on top of a volcanic field," she says. "And so the hazards and impacts we're observing on Kilauea, we can imagine that happening here."
Deligne's not alone. Scientists across the globe are watching Kilauea — in Costa Rica, Japan, Iceland and others — hoping to learn and prepare for the next eruption.
VISIT MY NEW WEB SITE:
stephenlendman.org
(Home – Stephen Lendman).
Contact at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net.
Controlled by Wall Street, war profiteers, other corporate predators, Pentagon hawks and likeminded GOP extremists, businessman Trump transformed himself into a warrior leader – continuing naked aggression begun by Bush/Cheney and Obama, threatening war on North Korea and Iran.
Are Russia and China on his target list per orders from the nation's deep state? Is nuclear war inevitable?
On the occasion of Sunday's Oslo, Norway award ceremony, presenting the Nobel Peace Prize to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN), I was invited on India's WION television yesterday.
I and other guests discussed the cutting edge issue of our time, WION asking
“Are nuclear weapons dearer than peace?”
We all agreed on the danger these weapons pose. I disagreed with a view expressed that it's unlikely they'll be used.
I stressed how America poses a grave danger – the only nation ever to use nuclear weapons, twice gratuitously on Japan after the war in the Pacific was won, its overtures to surrender months earlier turned down by Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman.
Trump threatened North Korea with “fire and fury like the world has never seen.” Nikki Haley said if Pyongyang threatens America or its allies, “we will have no choice but to totally destroy” the country.
She repeated the threat on Sunday, December 10 talk shows. More on this below. Last October, after being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, ICAN said nuclear war may be just “a temper tantrum away.”
Sunday on WION, I stressed the grave danger that America may use these weapons again, North Korea the most likely target.
I explained what founder of Washington's nuclear navy Admiral Hyman Rickover told Congress in the early 1980s, saying when nations go to war, they'll use all weapons in their arsenal necessary to win.
If America attacks North Korea, nuclear war is likely, the DPRK using its most effective deterrent on pre-selected targets, the Pentagon likely using these weapons in response.
Here's a link to Sunday's program. Unfortunately the audio from Chicago is very choppy – hopefully clear enough to understand the points I made.
I emphasized that today is the most perilous time in world history, a view I've expressed before in my articles and other interviews.
Cold War “mutually assured destruction (MAD)” kept these weapons from being used. Soviet Russia never intended to use them preemptively.
As it turned out, neither did US leaders, especially Jack Kennedy, saying in the aftermath of the October 1962 Cuban missile crisis that he never had any intention of using these weapons.
Trump is no Jack Kennedy. Neither were the Clintons, Bush/Cheney and Obama. For the first time in world history, the threat of possible nuclear war is ominously real.
ICAN said it could be just “a temper tantrum away.” I've said it could happen by accident or design.
On Fox News Sunday, Nikki Haley came perilously close to suggesting war on North Korea is coming, saying if China doesn't do more, “we're going to take (things) into our own hands…”
Will naked aggression on the DPRK follow? Then nuclear war? Then Seoul, Tokyo and US regional bases attacked?
Then China and Russia intervening to protect their threatened security?
Then WW III? Then armageddon, risking the end of life on earth? It's breath-holding time, wondering whether nuclear war on the Korean peninsula and/or elsewhere is coming.
Stephen Lendman is a Research Associate of the CRG, Correspondent of Global Research based in Chicago.
My newest book as editor and contributor is titled “Flashpoint in Ukraine: How the US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III.”
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Stephen Lendman , Global Research, 2017
https://www.globalresearch.ca/trump-the-warrior-leader-and-the-grave-danger-of-nuclear-war/5622401
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Southgate has urged his players to banish another of England's footballing curses and take another step to World Cup glory.
They face bogey team Sweden in Saturday afternoon's quarter-final, having beaten them just twice in the last 15 meetings.
Three Lions boss Southgate believes after ending the 12-year wait to win a knockout match in a tournament and halting the losing run in penalty shoot-outs all in one go against Colombia on Tuesday, they will have the confidence to beat the Swedes.
Southgate said: “Our historic record against them is another one we have to put right. We have always viewed them at our level and I don't think that's right because their tournament record is better than ours.
(Image: Reuters)
“Sweden are often underestimated and I have real respect for Sweden. They are always more than the sum of their parts. Playing against them is really difficult. It's a great and completely different test to the one we faced against Colombia.”
Southgate admitted the Three Lions' progress at this World Cup has taken him by surprise, with his men now dreaming of football FINALLY coming home after disposing of Colombia to reach the last eight.
The draw has opened up for them, with one of England, Sweden, Croatia and Russia definitely in the final. But Southgate has praised their down-to-earth mentality, which ensures they do not to get carried away.
(Image: Getty)
Southgate admits the FA plan was Euro 2020, with its semis and finals at Wembley, giving them a great chance of success, but realistically the successful youth teams would come to fruition for the next World Cup two years later.
“They are still a young group of players, especially the back players. So it was really significant because we can't just be a team that goes out and plays," he said.
“You have got to be savvy enough and tactically aware and ready to manage games. That's what makes the difference in big matches, European matches, international matches but also they have a humility about them.
“I talked to them about where they all started and the different clubs. We are based on working hard for each other, we don't carry anybody, they all pressed, they all have good organisation and they are prepared to graft and dig in for each other.
“I know those are slightly old fashioned qualities but we don't have the right to just stroll around a football pitch. We play with character and I love that about them.
“I think in terms of what they are capable of over the next few years, they are going to get better. In this tournament we now have to assess all the injuries and see where we are.
“For sure, going to extra time I'm pleased we did what we did in the Belgium game even more because I think it's an accumulation of fatigue making things more difficult. But now we have a chance to reassess and it will be a tough game.”
Toronto's transit commission says the majority of its new streetcars have to be returned to their manufacturer for repairs.
The first 67 streetcars out of 89 produced for Toronto by Bombardier Transportation will be sent back for preventative repairs of "inferior frame welds," TTC spokesman Brad Ross said Wednesday.
The defect poses no safety risk "in any way," he added.
"(Bombardier) advised us last fall," Ross said. "We directed them to develop a program for repair that will permanently fix the cars while minimizing service impacts."
The streetcars will be returned three or four at a time, and will all be fixed by 2022, Ross said.
Bombardier will cover the cost of the repairs, which will take place at its Welding Centre of Excellence in La Pocatière, Que., company spokesman Eric Prud'homme said.
"Welding issues are not uncommon in the industry, but, in this case, Bombardier has been proactive and responsible to ensure the cars meet the expected longevity, all in full transparency with TTC and their riders," Prud'homme said.
"Until our preventive welding maintenance program is performed, we fully guaranty the strength of the existing welds."
Bombardier has been contracted to provide the TTC with a total of 204 streetcars by the end of 2019, Prud'homme said.
The welding defect and necessary repairs will not prevent Bombardier from meeting that goal, he said, adding that the transportation company had met its quarterly objectives by delivering 27 new cars to the TTC in the first half of this year.
NEW YORK – The Port Authority Bus Terminal here has reopened after an unidentified male has been taken into custody after an early morning explosion in the area.
The suspect, 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, 27, is being treated for severe burns that occurred after the pipe bomb that was strapped on him detonated at 7:20 a.m. The New York Fire Department is reporting a total of four injuries, none of which are life-threatening. The incident was being investigated as a possible terrorist incident.
Observers watching surveillance video of the explosion posted by the New York Police Department noted more than once, “No, he never took his hand out of his pocket.”
At a press event, NYPD Police Commissioner James O'Neill said, “This is New York City, we don't live in fear. But if you see something suspicious you have an obligation to come forward and tell us.”
The explosion happened in a passageway between Seventh and Eight Avenues that connect the 1,2, 3 and Times Square Shuttle subway trains. The Port Authority and Times Square subway hubs are major transportation arteries for the city. On a daily basis, 200,000 people pass through the Port Authority, the world's busiest bus terminal. Nearly 8,000 buses arrive in New York from New Jersey and the northern New York suburbs. The 67-year-old Port Authority building, like Penn Station and Grand Central Terminal, does not have airport-worthy security.
Two NYFD firefighters and officials were still on the scene Monday morning more than two hours after the 7:19 a.m. emergency call was first placed. The smell of burnt rubber was still in the air. As six helicopters hovered overhead, scores of police officers, firefighters and counter-terrorism officials and other investigators were on the scene. About 70 fire engines, EMT vehicles and NYFD vehicles lined Eighth Avenue.
No cars on the FDR Drive were allowed to exit from 59th Street to 42nd Street. In addition, from 48th Street to 40th Street, vehicular traffic was closed from 45th Streets to 40th Streets.
The New York Times headquarters on Eighth Avenue remained open throughout the incident, although employees were alerted around 8 a.m. and were urged to delay their commute, according to a company spokeswoman. Staffers will be updated again when the situation is resolved, she added.
Commuters making their way to work via the subway and Port Authority-bound buses faced a long commute with numerous lines suspended, and others bypassing Port Authority and Times Square. At one point, Port Authority buses were dropping passengers at Tenth Avenue and West 40th Street. But just a few blocks east in Times Square, the morning buzz was seemingly normal with commuters dodging more gingerly-paced tourists and numerous stores already open for business. All employees at H&M's 42,000-square-foot Times Square store were accounted for and the location was open for business, a company spokeswoman said.
Troy Williams, a security official who works in the Times Square area, said, “Keep walking, keep operating, keep doing what you normally do. Just be a little more vigilant of what's going on. That's the only way because they want to disrupt the city. They want to keep people in fear by doing these things. And it's not going to stop us.”
This morning New York Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo also planned to address the situation at a briefing with Governor Rosselló and the New York congressional delegation.
Yesterday, having woken up fresh and full of vim and vigour (only amateurs wake up with hangovers on New Year's Day), we went for a hearty walk, had a brief sojourn i‎n a local pub, and then went back to the house to try and cook what was left of what we hadn't eaten the night before. And then, having watched Blade Runner: The Final Cut in anticipation of this year's Blade Runner 2049 sequel starring Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford, we all sat down with large cups of tea to watch the first part of The Grand Tour's Namibia special.
And it was like a big, warm bath.
Contrary to opinion elsewhere on our site, I thought this was one of the best, one of the funniest, and one of the most warm-hearted shows that Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May have ever made. Having watched every episode of The Grand Tour, I've come to terms with the fact that because of the new unforgiving nature of the new HD format they all look a lot older than they did in the final series of Top Gear (and not matter what the BBC try and do with it now, I think we have to acknowledge that Top Gear – once the corporation's biggest cash cow – is never going to be what it once was), and have quickly learned to wallow in the extravagant silliness of The Grand Tour.
I've loved this new series, and I especially loved the first part of the Namibia special, not least because it is the only episode so far that you wanted slightly more of, rather than slightly less of. If you haven't watched it yet, I seriously advise that you do‎, as I think you will find it difficult not to laugh out loud from gun to tape (or indeed from soup to nut). The Grand Tour has a unique sense of the surreal about it, a carnival atmosphere that is borne out of a new kind of editorial remit: go out there, spend all the money, and make us all laugh in the process.
The Namibia episode proved – to me at least – that this new remit is now becoming‎ a reality. Frankly I can't wait for episode two.
This article originally appeared on www.gq-magazine.co.uk
Up Next: GQ Men Of The Year Awards airs on Star World on Sunday, Oct 16
When The Flu Hits Campus, The Gesundheit Machine Will Be Ready
Enlarge this image toggle caption Selena Simmons-Duffin/WAMU Selena Simmons-Duffin/WAMU
On a blustery winter day, Dr. Don Milton and his undergraduate research assistants, Louie Gold and Amara Fox, are recruiting students for his new study on how the flu — and other viruses — spread.
As incentives, they have vouchers for the school convenience store and free hot chocolate.
Milton, a professor at the University of Maryland, College Park, is hoping dozens of students will enroll for the study, which will help him look at flu transmission. When one of them gets sick, the student will be sent to the clinic at the School of Public Health, just across the street from the dorms.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Selena Simmons-Duffin / WAMU Selena Simmons-Duffin / WAMU
One student does come by, but doesn't make the cut. "She had some of the right symptoms: cough, little bit of runny nose, but didn't have much of a fever," says Dr. Barbara Albert, who screens for the study.
Those sick enough will get sent around the corner to a room with a crazy-looking, Rube-Goldberg-like contraption known as the Gesundheit machine.
For half an hour, the student sits in the machine. As the student breathes, the machine collects whatever virus they've got from the droplets in their breath.
The researchers will then use the student's contacts to try to figure out how infections spread from person to person: "roommates, study buddies, girlfriends and boyfriends," Milton says. "We're going to swab them every day for a week to see if they get infected."
If the student's contacts get infected, researchers will try to pin down whether they got the bug from the original subject or someone else.
"We're going to deep sequence the genetic code of the agent to see if it was really exactly the same thing," Milton explains. He's aware that confirming that your roommate gave you a horrible flu could ruin some perfectly nice relationships, but it's for science.
The fact is, he says, researchers don't know that much about the mechanics of how bugs spread, so he's trying to understand it from every possible angle.
"We're measuring the environment in the rooms, contact, biomarkers from blood, what they're shedding into the air," he says.
All the data will also help people design spaces to keep infections from spreading too easily and protect ourselves more effectively.
That's how he and his research staff can be around sick people all the time without getting infected themselves. They all got flu shots, and he installed a system that killed germs with ultraviolet light.
During his last flu study, it worked. "Not a single person on my research team got the flu that year. Even though we saw 156 people, some of whom were shedding up to 10 million copies per half hour of the virus, none of my people got sick."
He hopes environmental measures like these could be used to fight bugs that are even worse than the flu.
"What about pandemics and what about new infections that come along? How can we defend against those?" Milton asks. "It is possible, even if it's airborne, to protect against it. We just need to understand how it works better."
The information they get from this study could, for example, lead to better ventilation systems that would make it harder for the flu and even more dangerous viruses to spread.
This story is part of a reporting partnership with NPR, local member stations and Kaiser Health News. Selena Simmons-Duffin is a producer at NPR's All Things Considered, currently on an exchange with Washington, D.C., member station WAMU.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — A suicide prevention group focused on teenagers is hoping to expand its boundaries past Kansas City.
The founder of "Speak Up," Dr. Steven Arkin, lost his son Jason to suicide in 2015.
Since then he has shared the message of speaking up about your struggles to schools all over the metro including Blue Springs, Olathe, Blue Valley and Shawnee Mission.
"There are a lot of schools trying to get in touch with us, to use our ideas," explained Arkin, who said it's his hope young people and students feel more comfortable talking about depression, mental health and suicide as they work to break the stigma surrounding it.
CDC data shows suicide is the third leading cause of death for people ages 10 to 24.
"Those people who are at risk need to develop a crisis plan so you have someone to turn to — a number of people to be there for them," explained Arkin, who also would like to get the Boy Scouts involved.
Arkin's son was a Scout, and he would like to see a mental health badge created to raise awareness.
"It's very important we understand our children are our future and they are dying from this disease," said Arkin.
Local numbers follow the national trend.
Courtesy of Jackson County
In Jackson County, three teens died of suicide in 2012. In 2016, that number jumped to 17.
Counselors said that is a wake-up call for parents to talk to their kids.
"Taking the opportunity to check in with your kid see what their thoughts are about suicide and plain asking them about suicide is really important," said licensed professional counselor Amanda Davis, who serves as the director of intake services at Crittenton Children's Center.
Davis said cyberbullying, pressure for perfection, a tough home life or mental health issues can all be contributing factors.
Experts said isolation and giving away prized possessions can be signs that something is wrong. Anxiety, restlessness, changes in sleep, eating or outlook also can be signs of underlying issues.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Celebrity Big Brother is one of the most entertaining TV events of the year, never failing to fling together a motley crew of celebs for our enjoyment.
And while for the most part the reality show is hilarious if ridiculous viewing, there have also been some more outrageous moments captured on camera, thanks to the show's producers natty ability to lure some truly controversial personalities into the house.
Last year's bunch of celebs for the 2017 summer series offered some serious entertainment, with the likes of Jemma Lucy , Brandi Glanville and Jordan Davies causing trouble.
And, with that in mind, we've rounded up a who's who of the programmes most controversial housemates from past series.
(Image: WENN.com)
Who made the list for Celebrity Big Brother's most controversial housemates?
Farah Abrams
The former Teen Mom star made QUITE the impression during her stint on series 16, causing general outrage and bemusement from day one as her fiery temper cause instant friction in the house.
Viewers were left stunned when the reality queen had an expletive-ridden argument with Atomic Kitten star Natash Hamilton, starting an rivalry that often left Natasha in tears.
The arguments raged from the get-go, and even managed to divide the house as Farah originally found herself backed by her fellow American stars in the house.
Even after her eviction for the CBB house Farah caused outrage, as she and Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace caused mayhem on Celebrity Big Brother 's a bit On The Side slinging drinks at each other before Farah appeared to get hit in the face with a Champagne flute.
Christopher Biggins
(Image: Channel 5)
He entered the house to rapturous applause, given at the time he was quite the national treasure, but Christopher Biggins experienced a downfall of epic proportions during his stint on the show.
Going into the house in 2016 for series 18 the actor caused outrage when he made outrageous claims about bisexuals, before shocking housemates and the public by making a joke about the Holocaust to Jewish housemate, Katie Waissel.
Biggin founds himself removed from the house by bosses, and subsequently issued a public apology before making plans to visit the memorial and museum at Auschwitz in Poland.
Tila Tequila
Former social media queen and porn star Tila Tequila took part in the same transatlantic series as Farah, but shockingly only managed to last one day in the house.
Having entered the house and cause quite the stir among the male contestants, the reality star found herself evicted promptly when the Daily Mail unearthed posts of her praising Nazi leader Adolf Hitler, and posing in provocative Nazi-themed pictures.
Stephen Bear
(Image: PA)
A serial prankster with little regard for boundaries or a filter, Stephen made headlines during his stint in the Celebrity Big Brother house for his stint in the house in 2016.
Though he eventually won the series, much to the chagrin of host Emma Willis and many others, Bear made it his mission in the house to have fun.
During his time in the CCTV house he was bundled into the diary room by security after getting into an argument with Heavy D , annoyed Aubrey O'Day to the point where he was taken to task by other housemates, and generally caused mayhem.
Stephanie Davis
(Image: Lia Toby/WENN)
Her time in the show caused many a headline thanks to her relationship with Jeremy McConnell .
Heading into the house to try and show the "real" Steph, the former Hollyoaks star arrived in the house a taken woman, as she was in a relationship with male model Sam Reece.
But only days into the show she was flirting with Jeremy, before quickly succumbing to his charm, kissing the tattooed hun and hopping into his bed - much to the shock of other housemates.
Their relationship was talked about not only on the outside but also the inside, as Stephanie was lambasted and bullied for cheating on her boyfriend on national TV.
Perez Hilton
(Image: Channel 5)
The American superstar blogger was one of the most controversial housemates ever, thanks to his blend of waspish quips and all-out DGAF attitude.
Taking on Katie Hopkins, claiming taking part in the show was worse than having AIDS, and threatening to thrust his "huge d***" into Calum Best , the blogger was behind many a car-crash moment.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Super Bowl LII is a matter of days away with the NFL play-offs hotting up ahead of championship weekend.
The Patriots were inspired by Tom Brady to secure their place in February's showpiece event, coming from 13 points back in the final quarter against the Jaguars to win the AFC Championship.
Nick Foles led the Eagles to victory over the Vikings, who were denied the chance to become the first-ever team to play the Super Bowl in their own stadium.
After the Vikings took the lead on their first drive, the Eagles plundered 38 unanswered points.
Here's everything you need to know about the big game:
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
Who will play?
The Patriots will represent the AFC, while the Eagles are heading to Minneapolis on behalf of the NFC.
When and where is the game?
The game will be played on February 4, kicking off at 11:30pm GMT in Minnesota.
Where is the 2018 Super Bowl?
Super Bowl LII will be held at the US Bank Stadium in Minneapolis.
It is the sixth Super Bowl to take place in the city.
How can I follow the big game?
Sky Sports Main Event, Sky Sports Mix and Sky Sports Action will show the game with coverage from 10:00pm, with the BBC's action starting at 11:20pm on BBC One.
It's on talkSPORT live with coverage from 10:00pm, while Mirror Sport will have you covered with a live blog, scooping up all the action, analysis and social reaction.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
Who's singing the national anthem?
Pink will be singing the national anthem.
Who's playing the half-time show?
Justin Timberlake will be playing at half-time.
Cost per 30-second commercial?
A massive $7.7m (£5.6m) per 30-second commercial.
Sky Sports is showing Super Bowl LII live on 4th February. The NFL is part of a schedule of sport on Sky Sports Action and Arena that also includes rugby union, rugby league, darts, netball, tennis and boxing.
poll loading Who will win Super Bowl LII? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Patriots Eagles
Who is hosting the 2018 Super Bowl?
Regular host Bob Costas was expected to remain host for his seventh Super Bowl next month, but after stepping down last February he will not be returning again this year.
Instead, Dan Patrick and Liam McHugh will host the pregame show, which will also include Tony Dungy, Rodney Harrison, Mike Florio and Chris Simms.
KANPUR: While the situation remains volatile in Kasganj in Uttar Pradesh in view of the communal clashes that took place last week, Uttar Pradesh minister Satyadev Pachauri has stoked a controversy by calling the violence a "minor incident".
"Such minor incidents happen often... everywhere. There is no need to pay much heed," he said.
Holding district authorities responsible for the incident, the minister said steps measures should have been taking in anticipation. "Officials should have taken strict steps to check lawbreakers before the situation took a turn for the worse," he added.
Earlier, UP Minister SP Shahi had said that undue importance was being given to the incident. "It is wrong to give undue importance to any issue. A small incident has happened. An unfortunate incident happened with two people. The government is serious about the matter, it is taking action. The atmosphere of the state should not be vitiated by comparing it to Kashmir," he had said.
However, Uttar Pradesh Governor Ram Naik had termed the clashes as a "blot" on the state. Describing the clashes as 'shameful', he said: "Whatever happened in Kasganj was not good. The incident there is a blot on UP. The government is probing the incident. It should initiate effective measures to ensure that such incidents are not repeated."
The Governor had asked the state authorities to initiate measures to ensure such incidents did not recur.
Claire Foy says the gender pay gap she endured during 'The Crown' has "opened her eyes".
The 34-year-old actress - who played Queen Elizabeth on 'The Crown' - became the centre of a pay gap scandal last month when it was revealed that Matt Smith, her co-star who played Prince Philip on the Netflix drama, had been paid more than her for his role in the series despite having significantly less screen time.
And now, Claire has revealed she was left feeling "embarrassed" by the news, and says the ordeal has stopped her from being "naive" about her pay.
Speaking to reporters in Las Vegas - where she was promoting 'The Girl in the Spider's Web' - she is quoted by the Daily Telegraph newspaper as saying: "It definitely opened my eyes to a lot. And I certainly won't be naÃ¯ve about those things.
"It's really opened my eyes about what I am allowed to have an opinion about, and what I'm allowed to stand up for myself about.
"And I think that's really changed my approach to myself and other women in this industry. It's been only a positive thing - even though, embarrassing."
According to reports published in March, Claire was paid $40,000 per episode during her time on the drama, and Matt's pay was not disclosed.
Claire's comments come after Matt, 35, recently broke his silence on the issue to condemn the pay gap.
He said: "Claire is one of my best friends, and I believe that we should be paid equally and fairly and there should be equality for all. I support her completely, and I'm pleased that it was resolved and they made amends for it, because that what's needed to happen. Going forward, I think we should all bear in mind that we need to strive to make this better and a more even playing field for everyone involved - but not just in our industry, in all industries."
When the story broke last month, producer Suzanne Mackie and fellow executive producer Andy Harries claimed that rather than a gender issue, the pay gap came as Claire was an unknown actress when she accepted the lead role, whereas Matt had achieved global success for starring as the titular character in the long running sci-fi hit 'Doctor Who' from 2009 to 2013.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A retired nurse saved his Jack Russell 's life by throwing himself to ground and BITING the dog that was trying to rip its throat out.
John Wood, 65, a bit down as hard as he could on the attacking mutt for at least 10 seconds, forcing it to let go.
John said his pet, Bobby, 11, would certainly have been killed if not for his intervention.
Even then, Bobby suffered very serious neck injuries requiring £1,000-worth of treatment.
(Image: Deadline News)
John was out for a walk with his pet in his hometown of Ferrybridge, West Yorkshire, on Monday when the terrifying incident happened.
The former nurse, who worked for the NHS for 37 years, was approached by a Rottweiler and another large, white dog, both of them off the lead.
He said: "The rottweiler came running round and started attacking Bobby from the back.
(Image: Deadline News)
"Bobby then tried to defend himself but the white dog jumps in and grabs Bobby by the throat. He was going to kill him so I started hitting him over the head with a stick. He still wouldn't let go."
He added: "The next thing, I leapt onto the ground and bit the dog on the flappy bit of its mouth. I bit and bit, just kept biting down for about ten seconds, until the dog finally let Bobby go.
"I wasn't going to let go, he was going to kill him. He would be dead if I didn't do it, there's no doubt about that."
Both attacking dogs backed off and John then realised how badly hurt his pet was.
(Image: Deadline News)
"He had torn all the muscle so they had to stitch that back up, and sew up all the flesh," said John.
"He's got a massive drain in his neck but we're taking this out today so he will be happy he can shake his head again."
John shared photographs of Bobby recovering at home since his operation showing cuts and stitches next to a large drain on his neck.
John revealed he had contacted police but was told they could not do anything as it was a dog on dog attack.
(Image: Deadline News)
Since the attack, John has refused to take his three-year-old grandson to the area over fears the dogs could attack again.
He is now hoping to hunt down the two dog owners - believed to be two young women - so they can repay him for the vet fees.
He added: "Those dogs should not be allowed out on a lead and they should have been wearing muzzles. Those dogs were totally out of control and the owners even seemed too small themselves to control them.
(Image: Deadline News)
"I used to have insurance but stopped it two years ago after reading in the small print I would have to pay 60% of the bill. So the last two years I've been putting that money away which paid for this.
"I want to track down the owners to pay me back the £1,000 in vet fees I had to pay. "
The images have attracted hundreds of comments from dog lovers.
(Image: Deadline News)
Charlotte Yelland said: "This is awful, so sorry to hear about your Bobby. There's some irresponsible dog owners out there. I hope you catch the people responsible."
Sharon Goodwin wrote: "Sorry to hear this hope your little dog is going to be ok. Hope you have reported them to the police. All dogs should be on a lead that could have been a child."
And Lyndsey Marron said: "Omg poor Bobby hope he gets well soon. Dogs like that should have a muzzle on could have been a child."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ronda Rousey saved Natalya from a beatdown by Mickie James but cost her friend victory in the main event of WWE Raw.
The Queen of Harts led a side consisting of Raw Women's Champion Nia Jax, Ember Moon, Sasha Banks and Bayley.
They faced new Raw signings the Riott Squad (Ruby Riott, Liv Morgan, Sarah Logan) plus Alexa Bliss and James.
Before the match, Bliss further fanned the flames of her rivalry with Nia, with a hilarious 'public service announcement'.
The 'anti-bullying message' from self-styled 'victim' Bliss included her claiming Nia once stole food from a starving old woman.
The resulting bout saw the Riott Squad's dominance finally interrupted by Jax, who dived onto all nine women on the outside.
Mickie was punishing Natalya at ringside but Rousey's music hit and Ronda came to check on her training partner's welfare.
As the former UFC star picked Nattie up, James hit her with a baseball slide to the back, prompting 'that look' from Ronda.
(Image: © WWE)
She took the six-time women's champion down with a hip throw who tapped out to an armbar as the referee called for the bell.
That of course handed a disqualification victory to James and co - sowing the seeds for Natalya eventually turning on Rousey.
In the meantime however, it sets up Ronda to clash with Mickie in singles bouts on the forthcoming WWE European tour.
The night began with Paul Heyman gloating over Universal Champion Brock Lesnar conquering Roman Reigns at WrestleMania 34.
He said Lesnar wanted a steel cage match against Reigns at Greatest Royal Rumble in Saudia Arabia on Friday as he craves a UFC fight.
Roman - surprisingly popular in St Louis, Missouri, interrupted the promo and told Brock he's taking the title, adding: "You can believe that."
New Raw draft signing Bobby Roode suffered an unexpected loss to Elias, who stole the win with a roll-up after exploiting his injured shoulder.
Perhaps this is the beginning of the Glorious One struggling for form on Monday nights and hopefully transitioning into a heel character.
Matt Hardy and Bray Wyatt prepared for their Raw Tag Team Championship opportunity against The Bar by comfortably defeating Ascension.
Kevin Owens and Sami Zayn hosted 'The Kevin and Sami Show' in a fun segment when they were joined by Raw general manager Kurt Angle.
The trio hyped the Greatest Royal Rumble match as Owens and Zayn mocked Angle, commenting on his number of children and Jason Jordan.
But the Olympic Gold Medallist warned he will repay them in the 50-man match, along with everyone else who hates Owens, including Chris Jericho.
The duo paid for the insults by facing Braun Strowman and Bobby Lashley, who tore into them with their freakish combination of speed and power.
After Lashley hit a delayed vertical suplex on Zayn, Strowman won the bout with a running power slam, yet many would rather see these juggernauts collide.
Drew McIntyre and Dolph Ziggler beat Apollo Crews and Titus O'Neil before McIntyre cut an impressive promo, branding the rest of the roster "soft".
Angle told Chad Gable he wasn't coming too Raw to team with Jason Jordan again but to be a singles wrestler with his first opponent being Jinder Mahal.
The ex-Olympian used his technical skills to weaken the Modern Day Maharaja's legs and blocked the Khallas before using the ropes to earn a clever pin.
It was a strong showing from Gable in his Raw debut, especially the way he channelled Bret Hart with some of his selling of Jinder's attacks.
Samoa Joe again taunted Roman Reigns, claiming he might not have an opponent at Backlash, if Brock leaves him buried in the Saudi Arabian desert.
Baron Corbin said he was here to ruin fun and destroyed No Way Jose and his conga line in an onstage ambush, smashing him into the video screens.
Former Miztourage members Bo Dallas and Curtis Axel tried to encourage Seth Rollins or Finn Balor to hire them, now The Miz has gone to SmackDown.
Instead the faces teamed up to boss the pair, with The Architect taking down Axel with his stomp and the Irishman following up with a Coup de Grace.
Overall it was a solid episode of Raw, with the highlights being Alexa's PSA, Braun and Lashley, Gable's victory, Owens and Zayn, plus McIntyre's promo.
ROCHESTER, Mich. — Tai Odiase had 19 points, on 8-for-8 shooting, and three blocks, Godwin Boahen hit four 3-pointers and finished with 16 points and Illinois-Chicago beat Oakland 79-73 on Friday night for its fifth win in a row.
Marcus Ottey added 15 points and Tarkus Ferguson had 13 points, nine rebounds and seven assists for UIC (13-11, 8-3 Horizon League). The Flames have eight conference wins for the first time since finishing the 2007-08 season 9-9 in Horizon League play.
Odiase had a dunk and two layups during a 6-2 spurt that made it 17-14 and UIC led the rest of the way. Ferguson converted a 3-point play to spark a 10-2 run that pushed the lead to 11 points before Boahen's 3-pointer made it 40-30 at the break. Nick Daniels hit a 3 that pulled Oakland (14-10, 6-5) within two points with two minutes to play, but Ottey made two free throws and Odiase hit a jumper to make it 76-69 and UIC made 4 of 6 free throws in the final 32 seconds to seal it.
Martez Walker had 21 points and Jalen Hayes scored 15 for Oakland. Kendrick Nunn added 20, but shot 3 of 22 from the field, including 1 of 10 from 3-point range.
Christ Church Cathedral in Indianapolis has decided to enter the nation's heated immigration debate by installing a display of Mary, Joseph and Jesus - in a cage - on its lawn.
Moments after installing the display, the church tweeted: "We placed The Holy Family in #ICE detention."
Near the display is a sign with a Spanish hashtag stating "#CadaFamiliaEsSagrada" - or "every family is sacred."
FOX 59 in Indianapolis reports church officials suggested the sign could remain up as long as families continue to be detained.
Read the Statement from our Dean and Rector, Steve Carlsen. The Holy Family, held in detention, is now on the Cathedral's lawn facing Monument Circle. #EveryFamilyIsHoly https://t.co/Sd5ZJ5saB1 pic.twitter.com/5bEAtMAJh1 — CCC Indy (@CCCathedralIndy) July 3, 2018
The Church posted the following statement:
"Holy Scripture is clear about how we are to treat people trying to find safety for their families—we are to show mercy and welcome them. Jesus, Mary and Joseph were homeless and fled danger to seek asylum. The Holy Family today calls us to stand with all families seeking safety and a future for their children. We will not stand by while children are being taken from their parents, and families are being taken from our communities and congregations. People of good will and faith must not allow this to continue. We must not be divided by race, language or culture, but reach out to care for our neighbors—because every family is sacred.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Four Bristol men who were set to row across the Atlantic Ocean naked have been left “heartbroken” after their rowing boat sprang a leak just days before the start of the race.
Jon Lakin, 30, Mark Gibson, 29, and brothers Steve and Dan Baker, 26 and 29 respectively, had been due to line up for the start of the race on Tuesday, December 12, embarking on a 3,000-mile row from La Gomera in the Canary Islands to Antigua in the Caribbean.
The exploit has been two years in the making, with all the logistics, costs to safety and sponsorship involved.
But the dream has been scuppered twice, after the team were let down by successive boat builders.
Despite painstaking and careful work to get their vessel up to shape, the team – named Nuts Over The Atlantic in recognition of the Movember men's health awareness charity they are supporting – are resigned to being spectators when the other participants in the Talisker Whisky Atlantic Challenge cross the start line.
They hope to begin their own crossing by the end of the week but will not be official competitors.
Mr Gibson, a business management graduate, said: “It was heartbreaking watching the rest of the teams go out (for a practice) this morning.
“It's been two years of our lives to get here. We were here to put in a good time and to win but our boat just isn't ready on time – we are no longer race participants.
“We'll be setting off two or three days later and, regardless of the time we post, it won't be classified as a race entry.
“We've had a lot of backing from Bristol, everyone from round there has been incredible. But our dream of posting a record time in this race is gone.”
The group first realised there was a problem when their original boat builder failed to complete the project by the summer deadline.
They took the half-complete fibreglass vessel to another specialist, but when they arrived in La Gomera ahead of the race, the boat was still taking on water.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Gibson said: “We started thinking a couple of weeks ago (about deferring entry for a year) when we realised the boat probably wouldn't get ready in time.
“Unfortunately the other three guys don't have the flexibility to take another sabbatical and two have been told if they do delay and go next year, they'll be looking for new jobs, and we just can't afford to do that.
“It's hit us all hard. But we have to respect the rules – we have to be safe.
“It has been our dream, we've worked on it for two years, and now it's just gone.
“On a positive note, we'll definitely be leaving La Gomera, rowing the Atlantic and arriving in Antigua.
“With the fleet in front of us it gives us something to chase, which will be quite nice – it's better to chase than it is to be in front.”
The team suffered another setback in November which threatened to derail the whole project when they fell £20,000 short of their £100,000 fundraising target.
President Trump ignored questions on Monday about whether he would fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller as he and first lady Melania left the White House en route to New Hampshire. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).
The biggest Lottery jackpot ever offered in the UK could be won on Friday.
No-one scooped Tuesday's record-breaking £167 million EuroMillions jackpot, meaning Friday's top prize of an estimated £168 million - subject to exchange rates - is still to be won.
No-one scooped Tuesday's record-breaking 167 million EuroMillions jackpot
The jackpot has now reached its maximum 190 million euro, where it will remain for a further four draws until it must be won on the fifth.
If a single ticket scoops the top prize, it would create the UK and Europe's biggest ever winner.
Players have been urged to buy their tickets early, with a 200% boost in sales expected for the draw.
Camelot has estimated that more than 26,000 tickets could be sold every minute in the hour leading up to the draw closing at 7.30pm.
As the jackpot is at its maximum, any money that would have boosted the top prize will now be shared among winning players in the next prize tier.
Andy Carter, the National Lottery's senior winners' adviser, said: "The extraordinary sum would be life-changing whether won by an individual or syndicate, and we have plenty of champagne on ice ready to celebrate.
"It would enable them to transform their life, as well as the lives of their friends and family, and we are ready to support them from the moment they claim."
He added: "This EuroMillions roll series has seen players raise an amazing £55 million for National Lottery Good Causes in just a month.
"This supports projects big and small across the country, including funding everything from local community projects to the nation's amazing Olympic and Paralympic athletes."
The current record holders are Colin and Chris Weir, from Largs in North Ayrshire, Scotland, who won £161 million in 2011.
So far this year, UK winners have scooped five EuroMillions jackpots, with the biggest won by an anonymous ticket-holder, who banked £87 million.
According to The Sunday Times Rich List, a single winner scooping the entire £168 million jackpot would be ranked the joint 671st the richest person in the UK.
They would be richer than chef Jamie Oliver with his fortune of £150 million, multiple F1 world champion Lewis Hamilton with £131 million and singer Adele on £125 million.
Canada wants to avoid a big economic blow from crippling U.S. tariffs on imports of steel and aluminum. Trump has threatened not to extend an exemption for Canada and Mexico that is due to expire Friday.
The tariffs are on top of the tough renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
For the group, said G7 expert John Kirton of the University of Toronto, the growing financial concerns in key countries like Italy will likely be a focal point for the ministers this week — and he expects markets will be looking a clear message from them before the June 7-9 summit.
"We now have, potentially, a mini-global financial crisis on our hands and the finance ministers are going to have to start with that," Kirton said.
"They're going to have to focus on getting the message from Whistler right.... I don't think they ever really imagined they'd have a financial crisis to deal with on the eve."
In addition to Canada, the U.S. and Italy, the other G7 countries are Japan, the United Kingdom, France and Germany.
Tom Bernes, a former G7 finance deputy who's held senior positions at the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, said the ministers will have to wrestle with questions about Italy.
"While the European members will no doubt attempt to provide comforting words, clearly risks to the euro and global economic growth have increased," Bernes, a distinguished fellow at the Centre for International Governance Innovation, wrote in an email.
The Whistler meetings will also include ministerial sessions to discuss cybersecurity for the financial system, the impacts of technological change on jobs, international tax co-ordination, global economic risks and the role of international organizations in strengthening the world's economy.
When it comes to international bodies, much focus could be on the IMF in Whistler.
Earlier this month, Argentine President Mauricio Macri announced he would seek a financing deal with the IMF after a steep devaluation of his country's currency.
Bernes said he expects G7 ministers will be looking for an update from the IMF on Argentina, which happens to hold this year's G20 presidency. But he added he'd be surprised if any significant conclusions emerge from Whistler since the G20 remains the main forum for economic co-operation.
The ever-shifting trade gyrations involving Washington could surface as another area of dispute in Whistler, particularly with impending U.S. decisions this week on steel, aluminum and automobiles, he added.
"There is a possibility for sparks to fly."
Follow @AndyBlatchford on Twitter
By Andy Blatchford, The Canadian Press
CLEVELAND — LeBron James scored 40 points as part of his third triple-double in four games and the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Milwaukee Bucks 124-117 on Monday night as coach Tyronn Lue began his leave of absence to address health issues.
Lue said Monday in a statement he has been dealing with chest pains and loss of sleep, and that tests have offered no conclusion about what the issue is. Associate head coach Larry Drew will run the team in Lue's absence.
James scored 17 points in the third quarter and finished with 12 rebounds and 10 assists for his 16th triple-double this season and 71st of his career.
The four-time MVP took over in the third beginning with back-to-back 3-pointers. After not getting a foul called on a third attempt, he finished Cleveland's next possession with a massive dunk. He was fouled attempting another dunk and made both free throws the following time down.
Milwaukee cut a 17-point lead to 117-109, but James drove the length of the floor for a dunk with just over a minute left.
Cavaliers All-Star forward Kevin Love returned after missing six weeks because of a broken left hand and scored 18 points in 25 minutes. He sparked a 10-0 run in the second quarter with two 3-pointers
Giannis Antetokounmpo had 37 points and went 11 for 11 at the foul line for Milwaukee, which is seventh in the Eastern Conference. Khris Middleton had 30 points, making 11 of 16 from the field.
Milwaukee guard Jason Terry was given a Flagrant-1 foul for hitting Ante Zizic in the face with an open hand while the rookie centre was putting up a shot in the lane. Zizic made both free throws, helping spark a run that built a double-figure lead.
Lue, 40, led Cleveland to the 2016 NBA championship after taking over for David Blatt midway through that season.
The Cavaliers (41-29) are third in the Eastern Conference and have endured roster shake-ups, injuries and other distractions as they try to reach the NBA Finals for the fourth straight time.
For two seasons of Dear White People, Samantha “Sam” White has been an unapologetic advocate for justice at Winchester University, calling out white supremacy and every instance of oppression she encounters on her radio show—much to the fury of her white and alt-right counterparts. As Season 2 opens, Sam's frank honesty and no-nonsense attitude have turned her into a target for online trolls who want nothing more than to belittle and silence her.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It's a familiar position for many black women online, as they face hate for asserting their voices and blackness in spaces where they've historically been disregarded. Like these women, Sam tries to remain strong and fight back against the vitriol, all while internalizing the pain of attacks against her character and identity. Actress Logan Browning, the force behind Sam, is calling for an end to this—the expectation that black women must remain stoic in the face of conflict.
The new season of the Netflix series also sees Sam confront her relationship with her white father (Robert Curtis Brown) in the wake of his death. In the midst of her self-reflection, she continues to demand justice for her friend Reggie (Marque Richardson), who was a victim of police brutality last season. Through these trials, Sam remains passionate as ever, a characteristic Browning is proud to share with her onscreen alter ego.
Browning jumped on the phone with BAZAAR.com to discuss Sam's refreshingly introspective arc this season, the power of black sisterhood, and bringing authenticity to her performance.
Logan Browning as Sam White on Dear White People Netflix
Harper's Bazaar: In the premiere episode of this season of Dear White People, Sam stays up all night responding to hateful online trolls, just so they won't have the last word. That takes a toll on her, though she hesitates to admit it. Do you think that Sam and black women in general feel the need to suppress their pain in today's black feminist movement?
Logan Browning: I think black women feel an obligatory pressure to be stronger than everybody else, not necessarily to suppress the pain. We have historically been the caretakers for everybody, and it's really #TimesUp on that. It's a huge part of who we are, but I think that in Season 2 especially, you get to see most of the black female characters have a moment where they're unsure. I think that's brilliant to show the flaws in black women. It's important to show that we're human. We're strong, we're beautiful, and we're goddesses; but we deserve a moment to breathe too. We deserve a moment to express that pain, the pain that I don't think people want to acknowledge that we have.
"It's brilliant to show the flaws in black women. It's important to show that we're human."
HB: Sam's ex-boyfriend Gabe (John Patrick Amedori) refers to her as an “invincible badass” because of the strength she's maintained in the face of such hate. But how has that affected her self-care?
LB: It's interesting with the back and forth between Sam and her online bully in Episode 1. For the most part, she's presenting facts to him and debating his argument, while he is trying to hurt her. That's where I think the strong-woman online persona comes in, because if you for a second show weakness online, people use it to try to break you down. There's almost no middle ground of humanity for a black woman. Sam has to choose whether she's going to be someone who lets all this stuff get to her, or hold court in the space of strength. When Sam reads that tweet, it hurt her. She even says to Gabe, “They want this to hurt. That's the point. They want to see me hurt.” It's offensive that somebody won't take the time to truly have an intellectual debate with a black woman. They want to cut her down instead.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Netflix
HB: Do you think that certain black women, like Coco (Antoinette Robertson) for instance, are treated differently when engaging in the same way?
LB: I don't think it's by accident that Dear White People, the radio show and the television show, are headlined by my character, a light-skinned black woman. Coco says in Season 1 that Sam gets away with saying the things she does because Sam looks more like [white people] than she does. It's a fact that the darker your skin, the more difficult it is for [white people] to hear what you say without getting offended.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
HB: Speaking of skin tone and identity, Gabe accuses Sam of hating her “white side” the most. Do you think there's any truth to what he's saying? Do you think Sam is overcompensating at all? There is a lot to take away from the fact that Sam is so dismissive to her dad on the phone.
LB: I think she does unintentionally overcompensate for her whiteness. It makes me so sad to think that Sam hates that side of her. But I can't ignore the fact that [what Gabe says] strikes a chord with Sam and forces her to ask herself that question. I think what is true is that she doesn't accept that side of her as much. It is an interesting experience of identity when you are half one thing and half another, and the world will always see you as either somewhere in the middle or black. That's what she says to Gabe: “No one is ever going to see me as white.” That's how this works. When she loses her dad, she's forced to really examine the side of her that she has not really embraced. She is a part of the oppressive class in terms of her heritage, and yet she's not. That's making her constantly question her own identity and experience.
HB: It's also important that we finally meet her family when her father dies. This forces Sam to confront layers of her identity that she has suppressed or neglected. Do you agree?
LB: Neglected and suppressed are good words to describe how she's treated her dad and her whiteness. She loves her dad for the same reason she loves Gabe. It's not their whiteness; it's the fact that these men have challenged and pushed her intellectually. That's the reason she ended up falling for a Gabe and not a Reggie. Reggie has always agreed with Sam. Gabe doesn't. That's what a person like Sam needs, someone who is going to constantly debate her.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Netflix
HB: Sam constantly challenges her listeners to interrogate society and the issues around them, including alt-right trolls and police brutality. Do you as an actor ever step back and challenge Sam's perspective?
LB: I'm always assessing what Sam is saying for a couple of reasons. People look to Dear White People as an encyclopedia of our culture. But it's also art and there are characters with different perspectives. I'm always reading Sam's lines [and asking myself], “Is this my perspective or do I have a different character's perspective?” There are some things that Sam does or says that force me examine whether I have the same tendency, especially when she is overshadowing Joelle [Ashley Blaine Featherson]. It's unintentional, but still. I check myself if I'm ever doing that, because I don't ever want to be that person.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
HB: The season has a subtle way of presenting even unintentional colorism within the black community, which is important to show.
LB: In Joelle's episode, I remember being conflicted that I had to constantly cut her off. I'm like, “I'm not going to cut my friend off.” But it is Joelle's perspective, and that's how she views their relationship. That very well could be happening, but from Sam's perspective, it's not. It was really important for us to tell that story.
Browning with her Dear White People co-stars Antoinette Robinson and Ashley Blaine Featherson. Getty Images
HB: Another thing this season does so wonderfully is show the power of black sisterhood. Sam's moments with Joelle and even Coco after the death of her father are so soothing. How vital was it portrayed Sam's friendships as such an important part of her healing this season?
LB: I lost my father a couple of years ago, right before I turned 25 and I had big plans for my birthday. My girlfriends from Georgia were coming to LA right after my birthday because we were going to Vegas for one of their bachelorette parties. I remember being so stressed about the fact that I had this big birthday bash coming up. I called my mom and asked her what I was supposed to do. She said, “Your dad would want you to enjoy your life and accept the love.” So that's really what I leaned into.
The day my dad died, my girlfriends came over with coffee, wine, food and said, “Whatever you want to do, that's what we're going to do.” They did this without my asking, too, because I'm such an independent person. I don't like anybody in my way. I felt so much love. I felt supported, like I didn't have to do it all on my own. So, I did not like the episode, but I embraced it and the women in Sam's life, even Coco, who's she constantly at odds with but respects and loves. That's black female sisterhood.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
HB: Thank you so much for sharing that. It brings an even greater authenticity to the sisterhood we see throughout the season. How else has playing Sam informed your own personal experiences and how have your personal experiences informed your portrayal of Sam?
LB: I've become very cognizant of how people are perceiving me, which is a little bit to my detriment. It puts me way too much in my head, as I think Sam is. But I think a more positive attribute that Sam has given me is her passion. She lives with her whole heart. In Season 1, I shied away from there being any similarities between us, because as an actor, you don't want to play yourself, so you try not to put yourself into the character. But like Sam, I too went to a prominent school, Vanderbilt University. I also lost my father. I too have a group of friends that I like to hang around the most. So, this season I wasn't afraid of any of Logan slipping into Sam, because I just think that's going to make her more authentic.
Dear White People Season 2 is now streaming on Netflix.
My grandmother used to make jam every year out of the summer bounty of berries.
It was a multiday project involving scorching-hot vats of berries, thickened by pectin and pounds of white sugar, which she balanced with the tang of lemon or lime juice. A simple slab of toasted country bread slathered with her homemade jam and some salted butter was my favourite way to start the day.
Now, in a world that favours high-protein egg whites for breakfast, or if there is a piece of toast to be had, it's covered in smashed avocado and tomato slices instead of rich red jam, I wondered if it was even worth the hassle to create a healthier version of my Grandma's recipe. Turns out, it was.
The resulting recipe is so easy, a hefty jar of jam can be whipped up in minutes, keeping my fridge stocked for weeks.
Coating Equipment Market 2018
Coating Equipment Market Share, Size, Trends, And Business Opportunity Analysis Report 2018 include historic data, with forecast data to 2022. Coating Equipment Market report is helpful for future strategy development, and to know about Market Drivers, Restraints, Opportunities, And Global market size, share, Growth, Trends, key players forecast to 2022
Global Coating Equipment Market Information Report by Type (Liquid Coating Equipment, Powder Coating Equipment, and Specialty Coating Equipment), by End-user (Automotive, Aerospace, Industrial, and Construction) and by Region – Global Forecast to 2022
Get Sample Report of Coating Equipment Market @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2124
Market Highlights
A coating is also known as substrate which is applied to the surface of any object. Coating has different purpose, it may be used for decorative, functional or for both. The equipment which is used for covering the surface of an object is known as coating equipment. The major drivers of coating equipment are increasing demand by industries such automotive & transportation, aerospace, building & infrastructure. The other growth drivers are growing demand for new vehicles and aircraft, increase in industrialization and increase in the acceptance of coating equipment.
Asia-Pacific region has been accounted for the highest CAGR for the forecast year due to huge demand for coating equipment. Various manufacturing facilities, distribution centers, research & development are being setup by the global companies to make presence in Asia-Pacific region. Asia-Pacific region is expected to grow at highest CAGR during the forecast period because of the growing demand for various industrial products and consumer goods. The global coating equipment market is expected to grow at a CAGR of approximately 5%.
Market Scenario
A coating is also known as substrate which is applied to the surface of any object. Coating has different purpose, it may be used for decorative, functional or for both. The equipment which is used for covering the surface of an object is known as coating equipment. Coating can be all-over coating, full covered surface or a part of substrate. The coating equipment includes resourcing of raw material, manufacturing and supply of coating equipment. The market is expected to cross USD 20 billion by 2022, at a CAGR of approximately 5% for the forecasted period.
On the basis of type, powder coating is expected to grow at the highest CAGR for the forecast period because it is the most common type which is applied to the metal surface. On the basis of end-user, industrial sector is expected to lead the coating equipment market by 2022. The demand for the coating equipment in the industrial segment is fueling up due to the increasing use of coating in heavy machinery. Asia-Pacific is expected to account for the largest market share for the forecast period.
Key Players
The key players of global coating equipment market are Nordson Corporation (U.S.), Anest Iwata (Japan), Graco Inc. (U.S.), O.C. Oerlikon (Switzerland), IHI Ionbond AG (Switzerland), and SATA GmbH & Co. KG. (Germany).
Market Research Analysis
The market is highly application based. The industrial sector is dominating the coating equipment market by end-user, due to increasing need for the personalized coating equipment in various end-use industries. There is continuing R&D carried out so as to develop new and advanced equipment.
There is also seen an increase in demand of the coating equipment from the industries, which is backed by the rapid industrialization, building and infrastructures. Furthermore such coating equipment is used for coating heavy machines.
There are various restraints which hinders the growth of the coating equipment markets such as high cost of coating equipment and fluctuation in the crude oil prices.
The report for Global Coating Equipment Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions.
Complete Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/coating-equipment-market-2124
Table of Contents
1 MARKET INTRODUCTION
2 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY
3 MARKET DYNAMICS
4 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
5 MARKET Factors ANALYSIS
6 GLOBAL COATING EQUIPMENT
7 COMPETITIVE ANALYSIS
8 LIST OF TABLES
9 LIST OF FIGURES
LIST OF TABLES
TABLE 1 GLOBAL COATING EQUIPMENT, BY TYPE
TABLE 2 GLOBAL COATING EQUIPMENT, BY END-USER
TABLE 3 GLOBAL COATING EQUIPMENT, BY REGION
TABLE 4 NORTH AMERICA COATING EQUIPMENT, BY COUNTRY
TABLE 5 NORTH AMERICA COATING EQUIPMENT, BY TYPE
….
LIST OF FIGURES
FIGURE 1 RESEARCH TYPE
FIGURE 2 GLOBAL COATING EQUIPMENT: BY TYPE (%)
FIGURE 3 GLOBAL COATING EQUIPMENT: BY END-USER (%)
FIGURE 4 GLOBAL COATING EQUIPMENT: BY REGION
FIGURE 5 NORTH AMERICA COATING EQUIPMENT, BY TYPE (%)
…….Continued
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR) and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have the prime objective to provide optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies depending on products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments enables our clients to know more consequently do more, which gives them answer for their each and every important question. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry
CONTACT US:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Mexico Catches One Of Several Fugitive Former Governors After A Half-Year Hunt
Enlarge this image toggle caption AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images
When Javier Duarte stepped down from office last October, the former governor of Mexico's Veracruz state vowed to fight the mounting corruption allegations that unraveled his tenure.
"The circumstances created by false accusations ... force me to dedicate myself full-time to clear my name and that of my family," Duarte said on Oct. 13, according to The Yucatan Times, just one day after he ended his term six weeks early.
Then, Duarte disappeared.
It would be another half-year before the surfaced — this time in handcuffs, escorted from his hotel at a lakeside resort in Guatemala on Saturday night. Authorities say he had been squirreled away in a hotel room with his wife, attempting to pass as a tourist.
Now he is in a prison cell in Guatemala City, awaiting his widely expected extradition back to Mexico, where Reuters reports he'll face allegations that he diverted public funds for his personal enrichment. That includes a luxury ranch — packed with paintings by masters such as Joan Miro and Leonora Carrington, the BBC reports — that authorities say was paid for by siphoned dollars.
During his roughly six years in office, Duarte's Gulf Coast state also earned the inglorious distinction of becoming "one of the world's most lethal regions for the press," according to the Committee to Protect Journalists. The CPJ estimated last year that at least 12 journalists were murdered during Duarte's tenure; other organizations have placed that number even higher.
A 2012 dispatch from CPJ correspondent Mike O'Connor explains the atmosphere that took shape under Duarte:
"Veracruz is a beautiful, long, thin state on the Gulf coast of Mexico where many journalists are terrified not only of the rampant organized crime groups that kill and control, but also of the state government. Fear that state officials will order them murdered for what they investigate or write has forced about a dozen journalists to flee the state, claiming that fear also puts a clamp on coverage for those who remain."
And that's not to mention the mass grave discovered outside Veracruz city last month that contained 252 bodies, many of which are believed to have been buried years ago.
Strikingly, Duarte's allegation-plagued tenure was by no means uncommon. The politician isn't the only former Mexican governor to draw prosecutors' attention — nor was he the only former leader in his own party, the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, to go on the lam for an extended period.
Scandal-plagued former governors Enlarge this image toggle caption Marco Ugarte, Eduardo Verdugo, Susan Montoya Bryan, Harry Cabluck, Israel Leal, Guillermo Arias/ AP; Monica M. Davey, P. Mera, Alfredo Estrella, Raul Ibanez/AFP/Getty Images Marco Ugarte, Eduardo Verdugo, Susan Montoya Bryan, Harry Cabluck, Israel Leal, Guillermo Arias/ AP; Monica M. Davey, P. Mera, Alfredo Estrella, Raul Ibanez/AFP/Getty Images
Former Tamaulipas Gov. Tomás Yarrington was caught in Florence, Italy, just last week after five years on the run. U.S. prosecutors have alleged he "accepted millions of dollars in drug cartel bribes and invested it in Texas real estate," according to The Associated Press. And The Wall Street Journal, citing orders issued by state police, says that Yarrington had been assigned eight law enforcement officers as bodyguards as late as last year.
Meanwhile former Chihuahua Gov. Cesar Duarte — no relation — has still eluded authorities after he stepped down last year. Once a rising star in the PRI like Javier Duarte (who was suspended from the party around the time of his disappearance) and Yarrington, Cesar Duarte is being pursued over embezzlement charges.
All of this makes for a rather persistent problem for the party's leader, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, who has been battling historically terrible approval ratings.
So it's not too much of a surprise that, as the AP reports, the PRI cheered the capture of the former Veracruz governor, who the party said should "be punished in an exemplary fashion, as well as anyone who is confirmed to have taken part in his criminal ring."
Still, it will do little to erase the rather unexemplary records of many governors across Mexico — and not just those in the PRI. The Duartes have plenty of company.
The Los Angeles Times breaks it down: In a country of 31 states and one federal district, nearly a dozen governors recently out of office are on the lam, under investigation or already in prison.
PARIS — Sloane Stephens has dropped only six games in her first two matches at the French Open.
Those victories have impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe, who now believes the reigning U.S. Open champion can claim a second Grand Slam title at Roland Garros.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens dispatched qualifier Magdalena Frech 6-2, 6-2 in just over an hour on Wednesday.
The 10th-seeded American player, who never got past the fourth round in her six previous appearances at the tournament, is more cautious. She missed the tournament last year and went through a stretch of poor results after winning at Flushing Meadows. She knows getting carried away would be a big mistake.
"That's so sweet, that was nice of him," Stephens said about McEnroe's tweet. "I mean, I can't predict the future, I don't know. I would love to. We'll see next Saturday."
There is a very long way to go for Stephens, who has yet to meet top contenders in Paris. She will face a more serious test in the third round against Camila Giorgi of Italy, who has lost only eight games in the first two matches.
Giorgi has beaten Stephens twice in their three meetings, including a 6-3, 6-0 rout in Sidney this year on hard court. Stephens does not give too much importance to that result, though, as it came during her post-U.S. Open struggles following a knee injury.
"I was coming out of an injury and tried to get my season started," she said.
After winning in New York, Stephens did not win a match for the rest of the season. She was beaten in the first round at the Australian Open in January and struggled with her tennis until March when she won the title in Miami.
So for now in Paris, Stephens is just happy to "feel good."
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Photo: AFP
Mumbai: Artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to upend the foundations of nuclear deterrence by the year 2040, according to a new paper by the RAND Center for Global Risk and Security, part of the RAND Corp, a policy research organisation.
While AI-controlled doomsday machines are considered unlikely, according to the paper, the hazards of artificial intelligence for nuclear security lie instead in its potential to encourage humans to take apocalyptic risks.
The RAND publication says that in the coming decades, AI has the potential to erode the condition of mutually assured destruction and undermine strategic stability. Improved sensor technologies could introduce the possibility that retaliatory forces such as submarine and mobile missiles could be targeted and destroyed. Nations may be tempted to pursue first-strike capabilities as a means of gaining bargaining leverage over their rivals even if they have no intention of carrying out an attack, the authors of the report say.
“The connection between nuclear war and artificial intelligence is not new, in fact the two have an intertwined history,” said Edward Geist, co-author on the paper and associate policy researcher at the RAND Corp. He said one example of such work was the Survivable Adaptive Planning Experiment in the 1980s that sought to use AI to translate reconnaissance data into nuclear targeting plans.
“Some experts fear that an increased reliance on artificial intelligence can lead to new types of catastrophic mistakes,” said Andrew Lohn, co-author on the paper and associate engineer at RAND in a press release on 24 April. “There may be pressure to use AI before it technologically mature, or it may be susceptible to adversarial subversion. Therefore, maintaining strategic stability in coming decades may prove extremely difficult and all nuclear powers must participate in the cultivation of institutions to help limit nuclear risk.”
For instance, it was only on 4 April that over 3,100 Google employees signed a petition opposing the company's part in a Pentagon AI program. “The letter asked CEO Sundar Pichai to pull Google out of the project, which harnesses artificial intelligence to analyze video and could improve drone targeting,” according to media reports .
The US Department of Defence's Algorithmic Warfare Cross-Functional Team (AWCFT), or Project Maven, focuses on computer vision to autonomously extract objects from moving or still imagery. It also uses artificial neural networks to detect patterns from mountains of data.
Fortunately for us, whether we love AI or fear it, most of the AI we see around caters to specific areas, which is why it is categorised as “weak AI”. Examples include most AI chatbots, AI personal assistants, smart speakers and smart home assistants such as Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana, Google's Allo, Amazon's Alexa or Echo and Google's Home. Driverless cars and trucks, however, impressive they sound, remain higher manifestations of “weak AI”.
In other words, ‘weak AI' lacks human consciousness. Moreover, though we talk about the use of artificial neural networks (ANNs) in deep learning—a subset of machine learning—ANNs do not behave like the human brain. They are loosely modelled on the human brain.
India's own report on AI, released this March by the union ministry of commerce that constituted a task force for the same, identifies 10 specific domains for rapid AI incorporation: manufacturing, fin-tech, health, agriculture, technology for the differently-abled, national security, environment, public utility services, retail and education.
However, researchers caution that “weak AI” can become “strong AI”, and machines with “strong AI” could have a brain as powerful as the human brain. Such machines will be able to teach themselves, learn from others, perceive, emote—in other words, do everything that human beings do —and more. It's the “more” aspect that we fear most.
Strong AI—also called true intelligence or artificial general intelligence (AGI) —may still a far way off but cautionary notes are in order to keep the misuse of AI in check.
According to RAND Corporation, there could be two likely scenarios. One where an increased reliance on AI could lead using it before it is technologically mature. On the other hand, if the nuclear powers manage to establish a form of strategic stability compatible with the emerging capabilities that AI might provide, the machines could reduce distrust and alleviate international tensions, thereby decreasing the risk of nuclear war, the authors say.
They conclude, “...at present, we cannot predict which—if any—of these scenarios will come to pass, but we need to begin considering the potential impact of AI on nuclear security before these challenges become acute”.
Careless, distracted drivers better look out — Sept. 21
The recent announcement by the Ontario transportation minister of tougher penalties, including licence suspensions, for distracted driving should make us think about how laws are applied. A broad application of a law can mean an inappropriate penalty. Texting while a vehicle is in motion is definitely dangerous. Ironically, texting while driving was safer (but still very unsafe) prior to the implementation of this law as we tended to keep our devices above the dashboard level where we could pay more attention to driving.
But is it unsafe to pull off to the side of the road and then use your device while the vehicle is at a complete stop and in park? The current law does not recognize this distinction. Is it unsafe to look at your phone while stopped at a stoplight? It is inconvenient for the cars behind you when you are unaware that the light has turned green, but is it unsafe? This broad application of the law is not appropriate and should be revisited to exclude instances where the wheels are not turning. A monetary fine for reaching for your phone at a stoplight may be appropriate but a licence suspension? I think not.
Matt Stairs
Kitchener
What resulted is a typically fleet-footed tale about religion, technology, art, architecture, science and the beginning and end of the world that brings into Langdon's orbit a Spanish prince, a glamorous gallery curator, a playboy tech billionaire and even a robot with a jaunty British accent.
Penning this was "incredibly fun" for Brown, who cheerfully chatted about his self-driving car, fake news and whether he's once again on the cusp of controversy.
Do you struggle with technology the way Langdon does?
I have a good science mind, but not a good technical mind. I can't understand how a car works, but I embrace technology.
I have Edmond Kirsch's exact car (a fully self-driving Tesla Model X).
And now I let it drive me all over the place. When I first got it, my hands were hovering over the wheel in terror.
You must have really enjoyed writing Kirsch, this swaggering atheist computer scientist billionaire.
He's one of the most fun characters I've ever written. Because those guys are now in the headlines: the Elon Musks and these people who are changing our lives daily.
The reason his name starts with a K is that, for a while, his last name was Kurzweil (after American inventor and futurist Ray Kurzweil), just because I like Kurzweil. I knew I would change the name eventually, but it was a reminder that this guy is hardcore. I actually have not admitted that to a soul.
The term "fake news" makes its way into the book and a character laments that people can't tell the difference.
Well, it's all around us. It affected the election in my country. It affects all of us.
What has happened is that news is entertainment because now every single person with a cellphone is a broadcast news station. You can videotape anything and can distribute it to the world. There is no curator for the World Wide Web.
"Origin" also touches on the idea that certain scientific truths are being treated as somehow subjective; climate change as one example.
Let me say that we live in an era where there are congressmen in my country who declare that the world is 6,000 years old and the fossil record was put there to test our faith; that Adam and Eve literally populated all the races of the world.
To my way of thinking, this is an absolute untruth. A quantifiable untruth. But because it's a religious idea, that banner of religion provides a certain immunity from rational scrutiny. Climate change, because it's not a religious idea, politicians are allowed to say all sorts of different things.
Conspiracy websites are central to the plot too. Did you venture down any of those online rabbit holes?
Oh yeah, definitely. I spent plenty of time looking at their language, looking at the kind of stories they run, at the reactions.
There are plenty of intelligent people who buy into conspiracies.
A lot of people say: "Oh Dan, you're a conspiracy theorist." I do not believe that aliens have visited the planet … I'm pretty sure we did land on the moon, OK? No, I'm a skeptic.
The reason I'm very excited about this book is that we're living in a time when our species is letting go of its superstitions, and religion is a superstition.
Theirs are claims that are not quantifiable. It doesn't make them untrue, but when you declare it's a fact that you'll have seven years' bad luck if you break a mirror, I can't debate that.
But I think of it as a fish in its death throes flopping around on the beach. We're struggling as a species to somehow justify our religious beliefs against our logical minds.
How have you stayed interested in Langdon after five books?
Langdon chooses topics, not by coincidence, that fascinate me. He and I share a fascination in history and the power of religion and in art.
How does technology fit in?
Technology is changing the face of our philosophies at a very fast pace. It is challenging the world's religions in a way that is now striking at the very core.
And I have sensed a chasm opening up across many cultures between the believers and the non-believers.
At one extreme, you have very science-minded atheists and, at the other extreme, you have deeply fundamentally based religious people, and it used to be a continuum of all the different shades in between, but there's just this chasm opening.
Do you have a sense of how much controversy to anticipate?
I don't.
This will sound naive, but I was shocked "The Da Vinci Code" caused controversy.
I grew up in a house where I was encouraged to ask difficult questions without repercussions. And I wrote a book that said, "What does it mean to Christianity if Jesus isn't the son of God, if he's a normal prophet?"
It seemed like a perfectly reasonable question to ask, but not everybody agreed.
This time, I've asked: "Will God survive science?" I guess we'll just see what happens.
Special to the Toronto Star
The sovereign gold bond scheme was launched in November 2015 with an objective to reduce the demand for physical gold and shift a part of the domestic savings, used for purchase of gold, into financial savings. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: The government will launch the next tranche of sovereign gold bond (SGB) scheme, the second in 2017-18, on 9 October to cash in on festive fever.
The bonds will be sold through banks, Stock Holding Corp. of India Ltd (SHCIL), designated post offices and recognised stock exchanges namely the NSE and BSE, the finance ministry said in a statement on Friday.
The sovereign gold bond scheme was launched in November 2015 with an objective to reduce the demand for physical gold and shift a part of the domestic savings, used for purchase of gold, into financial savings.
“Government of India, in consultation with the Reserve Bank of India, has decided to issue sovereign gold bonds 2017-18—Series-III. Applications for the bond will be accepted from 09 October 2017 to 27 December 2017,” it said.
The bonds will be issued on the succeeding Monday after each subscription period, it said. Under the scheme, the bonds are denominated in units of one gram of gold and multiples thereof. Minimum investment in the bonds is one gram with a maximum limit of subscription of 500 grams per person per fiscal year (April–March). The maximum limit of subscribed would be 4kg for individual and HUF and 20kg for trusts and similar entities per fiscal (April-March) notified by the government from time to time, it said.
The annual ceiling will include bonds subscribed under different tranches during initial issuance by the government and those purchase from the secondary market, it said. The government has so far issued nine tranches of SGBs since its launch.
To promote digital payment, it said, the issue price of the gold bonds will be Rs50 per gram less for those who subscribe online and pay through digital mode. Investors in these bonds have been provided with the option of holding them in physical or dematerialised form.
As per the statement, the bonds with tenure of 8 years will be tradable on stock exchanges within a fortnight of the issuance on a date as notified by the RBI. The investors will be compensated at a fixed rate of 2.50% per annum payable semi-annually on the nominal value, it said.
Payment for the bonds will be through cash payment (up to a maximum of Rs20,000) or demand draft or cheque or electronic banking. The maximum amount subscribed by an entity will not be more than 500 grams per person per fiscal year.
A self- declaration to this effect will be obtained. In case of joint holding, the investment limit of 500 grams will be applied to the first applicant only. Price of bond will be fixed in rupees on the basis of simple average of closing price of gold of 999 purity published by the India Bullion and Jewellers Association Ltd for the week (Monday to Friday) preceding the subscription period.
The issue price of the gold bonds will be Rs50 per gram less than the nominal value. The bonds can be used as collateral for loans. The loan- to-value ratio is to be set equal to ordinary gold loan mandated by the Reserve Bank from time to time. The capital gains tax arising on redemption of SGB to an individual has been exempted. The indexation benefits will be provided to long-term capital gains arising to any person on transfer of bond.
You've got to to give it to real estate agents – their capacity for turning disaster into a money-making marketing spiel is second to none. While the rest of us get increasingly disturbed over the escalating bluster about nuclear war from bellicose leaders around the world (especially two men with tiny hands and bad haircuts) – these agents are already busy packaging missile silos and WWII bunkers into luxury condos in the middle of absolutely nowhere.
These so called ‘doomsday apartments' are mushrooming everywhere and especially in the United States – where business has boomed by 200% for at least one company. But while most go burrow deep are focussing on basement condos spread through protected landscapes, one real-estate developer says he's found the best place to ride out a nuclear apocalypse – an abandoned Atlas ICBM nuclear missile silo (talk about irony). The developer Larry Hall bought the extremely sturdy and fortified silo for cheap and has spent years making sure it shames NYC apartments and penthouses in terms of luxury – and in price too. While condos are the most popular options, the fifteen-floor deep project known as Raven's Ridge Survival Condos in the Kansas state of the US, also offers penthouses and even half or entire floors to wealthy patrons. And they cost upwards of a million dollars, going upto even $5 million a pop.
What do you get?
With exterior walls 9-feet-thick and made out of stiff concrete, this structure can withstand just about anything – Not just nuclear blasts, but even hurricanes with winds exceeding 500 mph. But that's the boring part, the fun part is what Hall's done within the walls. While there are the obvious bed-and-breakfast options, the condos themselves come with state-of-the-art luxury features and furnishings. And since there won't be any internet, TV or even radio anymore in the event of an apocalypse, the project includes a bevy of recreational features including a movie theatre with hundreds of titles, a temperature controlled swimming pool and even a mini-waterfall and video-gaming arena. Other features include an indoor shooting range, hydroponic food parks, exercise facility, rock-climbing wall and even a dog park.
How long can you stay?
While the obvious answer is 72 hours – since that is how long it takes for the initial nuclear effects of a nuclear fallout to wear out, there isn't actually an expiry date on this facility. With enough condos and freeze-dried utilities for decades and hydroponic facility for food, the facility can house a total of 75 ultra-wealthy folks indefinitely.
If you're convinced that the end is near and are looking to invest, here's a tour of what your prospective future home looks like:
NOW READ:
It's time to prepare for ‘Doomsday‘
Stephen Hawking's apocalypse warning will scare you off lunch
British media reported that samples of the mystery substance had been sent to the Porton Down defence research laboratory for testing.
Prime Minister Theresa May's office said she was being kept updated on the case, "which understandably is being treated with the utmost seriousness."
The emergency services' response echoes that in the case of Sergei Skripal, 67. The former Russian intelligence officer was convicted of spying for Britain before coming to the U.K. as part of a 2010 prisoner swap.
He had been living in Salisbury, a cathedral city 150 kilometres southwest of London, when he was struck down along with his 33-year-old daughter Yulia, who was visiting him.
The Skripals' illness initially baffled doctors after they were found unconscious on a park bench in Salisbury. Scientists at Porton Down concluded they had been poisoned with Novichok, a type of nerve agent developed by the Soviet Union during the Cold War.
After spending weeks in critical condition, the Skripals were released from the hospital and taken to an undisclosed location for their protection. Doctors say they don't know what the long-term prognosis is.
Britain accuses Russia of poisoning the Skripals, a claim Moscow strongly denies. The case sparked a diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West, including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats from both sides.
The two Amesbury victims were at Salisbury District Hospital, which also treated the Skripals. Police said the victims are British citizens and live in the area.
Neighbours on Muggleton Road in Amesbury, where Rowley is believed to live, said they did not know the couple well and didn't know what they did for a living. Most residents have only recently moved to the new houses and apartments.
Sam Hobson, a friend of the couple, said he was with them on Saturday, when Sturgess fell ill first. He told Sky News she was "having a fit, foam coming out of her mouth." Rowley collapsed later the same day.
"He was sweating loads, dribbling. ... He was rocking backwards and forwards," Hobson said. "There was no response from him. He didn't even know I was there."
Police cordoned off a home in Amesbury, believed to be Rowley's, and other places the pair visited, including a church, a pharmacy and a park in Salisbury, near where the Skripals were found.
Health officials said there is not believed to be any wider risk to the public, but they continue to watch the situation.
Salisbury and surrounding towns have only recently begun to recover from the frightening weeks at the centre of an international spy drama.
Police from 40 departments in England and Wales returned home in June after months working on the Skripal case, and specially trained workers have spent months decontaminating sites around the city.
The British government has pledged £2.5 million (CAD $4.3 million) to local businesses to make up for lost revenue in the area, which is a gateway to Stonehenge, the ancient stone circle that is a huge tourist destination.
"Amesbury's a lovely place — it's very quiet, uneventful," said resident Rosemary Northing. "So for this to happen, and the media response and the uncertainty, it's unsettling."
Justin Doughty, who lives across the street from the cordoned-off house, said residents want more information from the authorities.
"We don't know, to be honest now, because is it linked to Salisbury or is it drug-related?" he said. "None of us is being told anything by the police, and it would be nice to know something."
BARCELONA, Spain — A rescue ship carrying 60 migrants arrived Wednesday in a Spanish port after being refused entry by Italy and Malta, the second time in a month that a humanitarian group has been forced to travel for days to unload people rescued in the central Mediterranean.
The Italian government is blocking private rescue boats that it blames for encouraging human traffickers to launch unseaworthy boats loaded with migrants toward Europe.
But the aid groups deny having any link to smugglers in Libya or elsewhere, and say they are being forced to leave unattended the busy migrant sea transit route where deaths are mounting while they make the long journey to Spain.
The Open Arms rescue ship completed a four-day journey to Barcelona, in northeastern Spain, after it saved 60 people Saturday from a rubber boat floating in waters north of Libya.
The migrants come from 14 different countries and include five women, a 9-year-old boy and four older teenagers, some of them unaccompanied. The Spanish aid group Proactiva Open Arms said they were generally in good health but some may have fuel burns.
The group's founder, Oscar Camps, refused to celebrate bringing the rescued migrants to port. He said he was angry about being turned away by European Union countries and having to leave behind other migrants who reportedly drowned.
"We haven't saved 60 people," he said. "We have let 340 people die."
The migrants were going through health checks and identification procedures. Authorities granted them a 30-day permit to apply for residence or asylum in the European Union. Many have relatives in Germany, Belgium or France.
According to the International Organization for Migration, more than 500 people have died trying to cross from Libya since the Aquarius, another charity rescue ship, was blocked from ports in Italy and Malta in early June. Its 630 migrants were finally taken in by Spain and France.
Doctors Without Borders blamed the deaths on the European Union's inaction.
Frozen eyelashes and broken thermometers. This is what winter in Russia looks like this year with the country experiencing record lows.In the Siberian region of Yakutia, home to nearly one million people, brutal winters are a normal part of life.But even there, the temperatures are unusual this year going as low as minus 67 Celsius.In January, it came close to Russia's coldest temperatures ever and even broke some thermometers.Researchers say that one of the reasons for such a cold winter is the moving of cyclones.TRT World's Lucy Taylor reports on how some people in Russia are dealing with record lows.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
ISIS has claimed responsibility for a shooting rampage in the Belgian city of Liege that left two police officers and a bystander dead.
The terror group today said the gunman - who had allegedly killed another person the night before - was a "soldier of caliphate".
It provided no evidence for the claim about Benjamin Herman, who shouted "Allahu Akbar" as he carried out Tuesday's massacre.
Herman, 31, attacked two female police officers from behind with a knife, stabbing them repeatedly, during the horrific attack.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Handout)
He then stole their handguns and shot them as they lay on the ground.
His third victim was a 22-year old man, who was a passenger in a car. He fired several shots at him while crossing the road, killing him.
He then took a cleaning woman hostage at a nearby school.
The hostage was released without harm.
Herman was fatally shot by cops after carrying out the massacre.
According to prosecutors, he cried out "Allahu akbar" - which means "God is great" in Arabic - several times during the attack.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Belgium's Interior minister Jan Jambon later confirmed Herman "also committed a murder the night before" the cop killings.
His victim was a former inmate who did jail time with him.
According to RTL , the former Lantin prison detainee was found dead on Tuesday morning after being killed with a blunt object.
One police officer who died in the subsequent massacre was named locally as Soraya Belkacemi - the mother of 13-year-old twins.
The other was identified locally as Lucile Garcia.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: REUTERS)
Chilling images posted online show the Herman wielding two handguns after killing his victims.
Anti-terrorist officers killed the Belgian gunman in a shootout, bringing an end to the rampage.
He launched the attack just one day after he was released from prison on day parole, with local reports claiming he was "radicalised" behind bars.
Police chief Christian Beaupere said "the goal of the attacker was to target the police" and Belgian authorities said the incident is being treated as terrorism.
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: REUTERS)
Two other police officers were seriously wounded during the incident.
Mr Jambon praised the "fighting spirit" of the injured police officers when he visited them in hospital.
In a tweet on Tuesday, he added: "There are many questions that need to be solved after today.
"But we are not going to do that lightly.
"There were three deaths, including two police officers. We will seriously investigate this, to the bone, but in serenity."
He had tweeted earlier: "Act of violence with a high price for the police of Liege.
(Image: biboule69/Twitter)
(Image: biboule69/Twitter)
"All my support for the body and the families of the victims."
Herman had been serving time for drug offences and was classified as "unstable", according to local reports.
Local media reported that investigators were looking into whether he converted to Islam and was radicalised in jail.
One witness told of the chilling moment he came face-to-face with the shooter after hearing "popping" noises in the street.
The witness told Sudpresse: "I saw a man dressed in black with a backpack and two pistols in his hands. He pulled a [passenger] out of a car.
"Then the shooter walked towards the witness, but he turned and shot again.
(Image: Google Street View)
"I saw a person fall to the ground. I do not know if she did that to take shelter or because she was [shot]. I have never seen anything like it. It was madness."
In the aftermath, Belgium's royal family said in a statement: "Our thoughts are with the victims of this horrible act."
Belgium's national threat level remained at level two out of four - indicating an average risk of a terror attack - after Tuesday's deadly shooting.
It has been the target of multiple terror attacks in recent years, leading to a massive increase in security across the country.
Green-fingered residents in Wootton Wawen are finally celebrating after a 10-year long dream has become a reality.
At long last a dedicated car parking area has been landscaped at the popular community allotments off Wawensmere Road, putting an end to years of frustration.
Liz Major, Secretary of the Wootton Wawen Allotments and Garden Association (WWAGA), who has been campaigning for a proper car parking area since she first rented an allotment in 2001, is delighted.
Along with Peter Cornford, Chairman of WWAGA and Wootton Wawen Parish Councillor, Michael Dufty, Liz has been working hard to ensure the project came to fruition.
Liz said: “Parking has always been restricted to one car and it's hard to find somewhere to leave your car which doesn't affect the neighbouring houses. When the weather's good, there can be half a dozen cars at the allotments. We gained permission to create a car park around ten years ago but the Association has never had enough funds. When we found out that the work would be done as part of the new housing development, we were so excited because we'd waited for it for so long.”
Warwickshire Rural Housing Association (WHRA) in partnership with Waterloo Housing and developer, Bouygues UK, are currently building Warwickshire's first Passivhaus - ultra low energy - affordable housing development in Wootton Wawen.
Bouygues UK liaised closely with residents and neighbours who highlighted the car parking issues at the village allotments - WRHA and Waterloo Housing agreed to fund Bouygues UK to carry out work totalling £5,000.
Liz added: “I'm absolutely delighted that the work has been done. It's going to make a huge difference to us all.”
Palmer Trinity junior Sara White is a member of the Junior Advisory Board of Big Buddy, Little Buddy organization, also known as Achieve Miami. It's a program that helps elementary school kids improve their reading fluency and comprehension.
“We partner high school students with underprivileged elementary students,” she says.
The program is running at four elementary schools, Earlington Heights, Jesse J. McCrary, Jr., Goulds and Holmes.
As a board member, White works with other teens to promote ideas about the program and identify areas to continuously improve its effectiveness.
“At my school, there is a Big Buddy, Little Buddy Club,” she says.
She and her fellow club members go to Goulds Elementary every other Saturday to work with the students. White says she usually works with one of the second graders and will sometimes read with an older child. While most teens work with the same Little Buddy, she works with a variety of students as she is a crowd favorite.
“Before we meet with all the Little Buddies, they are leveled on the books they read,” she says.
“You'll choose a book appropriate to their reading level.”
The Little Buddy reads to her or another volunteer, and then they do a writing exercise.
“It helps them reflect on the book and what they like and what they didn't like,” she says. “It also
helps them obtain a deeper appreciation for the reading.”
Then they have recess time where they can hang out and play, which helps the buddies develop a
strong connection.
“The program is only three years old,” she says. “There are a few Little Buddies who have
graduated and have become Big Buddies as well.”
At Palmer, White's a tutor at the Center for Writing. Tutors need to be good writers and be particularly strong in grammar. They work with all students, from the youngest to the seniors. In fact, she recently helped a senior with a college essay.
She loves to write and is personally a big fan of poetry.
“I also like to write short stories as well,” she says.
Her work has been published in Palmer's literary magazine and the newly relaunched school paper, The Falconer. She is applying to national writing summer camps which are held on
college campuses.
For fun, White rides horses in equestrian competitions. She's been riding since she was nine and recently competed in the Winter Equestrian Festival in Wellington, FL. It's one thing to compete in the shows, but she often wins championships at the competitions. If possible, she'd love to compete through college.
“My number one priority is academics,” she says. “Hopefully I'll ride for whichever college I attend.”
Back at school, she's also a peer counselor. As a peer counselor she helps students resolve issues such as bullying and how to handle arguments and misunderstandings between friends. She's also on the school's diversity council.
“We help run the Mosaic program at my school,” she says. “Each person is assigned an advisory (homeroom) and once or twice a month we will present different topics.”
Those topics include hot button issues such as athletes taking a knee during the national anthem.
“All the students didn't necessarily agree but they were able to reach a respectful understanding of their own thoughts as compared to others' different opinion,” White says.
Finally, White rounds out her activities playing goalie for the Palmer Trinity ladies' lacrosse team. She enjoys the camaraderie, physical exercise and competing as a team.
Linda Rodriguez Bernfeld
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man set himself on fire and died days later while waiting months for a mental health assessment.
Sam Brice was only 23-years-old when he set himself on fire while in his partner's home in Knowle, Bristol.
He ran out of his home alight and onto the street, where a neighbour bravely used a blanket to put out the flames.
Sam told his neighbour: “I didn't mean to do it.”
Sam died days later in hospital with burn wounds on more than 50% of his body.
A court heard he could not be sectioned under the Mental Health Act and put into police custody because he was awaiting assessment for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ), reports the Bristol Post.
(Image: BristolPost/ WS)
The waiting list to get an assessment was “months-long”, Avon Coroners Court was told on Thursday, February 1.
An inquest into Sam's death heard he was a “bright and able” person, who ran his own scaffolding business before illness took hold.
The young man, who grew up in Bitton, had never been diagnosed with ADHD throughout his life, but had showed a few signs of it growing up.
Sam was close to his family and was in a six-month relationship with his partner, Sophie Morgan.
In December 2016, his family started noticing he had problems concentrating and getting out of bed. Things turned for the worse, and Sam struggled to sleep.
He started buying sleeping pills online, but had overdosed in July last year after taking too many tablets.
His family took him to see his GP – the court heard he did not like going to the doctors – and he was referred to A&E at Southmead Hospital. After he was seen by mental health services, they referred him again to an ADHD specialist to get a proper diagnosis.
But his GP, Dr Luke Parker from Close Farm Surgery, told the court the waiting list was “months-long”.
Sam's family was starting to get worried. He had started using cannabis and cocaine to deal with his mental health issues, and he was struggling to sleep, waking up in the middle of the night and turning lights on in the house.
His family wanted to get him sectioned under the Mental Health Act, which mean he would be taken into custody by police, but they would not be able to do so because he did not have a diagnosis.
During that time, his anxiety got worse as he struggled to sleep.
On September 18 last year, the court heard Sam had spent the day before on drugs and alcohol. He went to his partner's house in Knowle, where they had an argument.
Sam threatened to set himself on fire and when he did so he ran out of the house into the street.
His neighbour told the police in a statement he had seen Sam in flames and took a blanket out to the street and hugged him to try and put out the flames.
Part of the home was burned while Sophie took her young daughter and pet dog to the car to protect them.
The court heard paramedics had to wait for the all-clear by police before they could treat Sam. Most of the flames had been put out, but the burns had affected more than half of his entire body.
He told his neighbour: “I've been an idiot but I didn't mean to do it.”
Medics took him to Southmead Hospital, but he was then taken to Morriston Hospital in Swansea the following morning.
The inquest was told Sam was put in an induced coma and he needed to be resuscitated on September 23. He was then transferred to the Royal Brompton Hospital in Chelsea, London, but he died the following day.
Assistant coroner Terence Moore said: “I heard from the detective constable that the police powers were not sufficient at this stage for him to be sectioned.
“He was suffering from his ADHD and having to wait for the assessment.
“The other factor is his use of cocaine and cannabis. I can't comment on this except to say the family suggested to me Mr Brice recognised that drug use was not helping his condition but making it worse.”
The cause of death was given as pneumonia and pulmonary thromboembolism caused by the burns.
Mr Moore added: “It was an impulsive act aimed at seeking attention rather than killing himself. On the grounds of probability, I would say this was a death by misadventure.”
* Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. If you prefer to write down how you're feeling, or if you're worried about being overheard on the phone, you can email Samaritans at jo@samaritans.org
Moving Day Inc. is a Colorado Springs based moving company that is celebrating 21 years of serving clients and providing the greatest move at the lowest cost possible. The team at Moving Day Inc. is dedicated to moving your family, or even your business safe and sound to your new location. Moving if one of the most stressful decisions a person can make. You shouldn't spend your time drowning in moving boxes and bubble wrap.You can rest easy knowing that Moving Day Inc. offers a full range of services and will even do all of the heavy lifting for you.
“Moving Day inc. was a great selection for our moving needs. They were fast, friendly and respectful of our property. I would recommend this company to friends and family.” (Satisfied Moving Inc customer)
Moving Day Inc. offers a full range of services that includes residential moving, long distance moving,commercial moving, apartment moving, office moving, packing and of course, unpacking. People and businesses are moving to Colorado in record numbers – more than 200,000 people have moved to Colorado in 2013 and 2014 alone, with another 70,000 in 2017. With so many successful moves under their belt, Moving Day Inc. wants your business. This is an affordable, family-owned local moving company whose goal is to get you in your new place as fast as possible.
“Moving Day uses modern, clean vehicles and equipment that are critical for providing our customers with the best possible moving experience. The best part of all? We maintain and own all of the equipment which makes your move secure and safe in every way possible.”
If you want to make your move as painless and easy as possible as you will want to give Moving Day Inc. your business. Their dedicated and friendly team of professionals want to help you settle into your new location. To talk to someone at Moving Day Inc. about moving you to your new home or business, please call them at (719) 531-0250. To inquire about more of the services they offer, visit their website, www.movingday.net/ and see what they can do for you.
Make an impact on the professors with the creative Assignment Help to improve the grades and optimize the career prospects. Access the online service to get assistance for any subject from casestudyhelp.com at low prices to craft a realistic and extraordinary paper.
Cheap Assignment Help Singapore the boon for students who wish to get excellent grades to open new career possibilities. As education is the stepping stone to doing, you need to get good knowledge from highly competitive courses to gain an edge over your peers. Universities in Singapore follow a rigors curriculum to meet the strict demands of the industry. So, the Singapore essay writing service comes to our aid to complete the writing work, which is an integral part of all courses.
Avoid the unnecessary stress of completing the case studies of different subjects with the assignment help from casestudyhelp.com as the creative and professional service can empower you. It will motivate you to attain brilliance with the top-quality work. With the assistance of the Singapore essay writing service, you can eliminate your writing issues to fulfill your academic duties and expect the following features;
• Top quality assignment help customized to meet the specific standards of the university.
• The personalized paper is written from scratch by Assignment Writing Experts that is 100% plagiarism-free.
• Timely submission of the assignment within the deadline to ensure peace of mind.
Get in touch with the Singapore essay writing service by sending a mail at Casestudyassignmenthelp@gmail.com, access the live chat option on the site or call the following numbers;
You can also contact the office in Singapore along with other locations like Australia, UK, and the USA to get the guidance of the professional writing services.
Villagers travel on a raft through flood waters in Lakhimpur district, 380km from Guwahati. Photo: AFP
Guwahati: Heavy monsoon rains have unleashed landslides and floods that have killed at least 160 people and displaced millions of others across northern India, southern Nepal and Bangladesh.
Officials said on Monday they were still trying to determine the scale of the disaster, with casualties and damage reported in multiple locations across the Himalayan foothills of South Asia.
The seasonal floodwaters damaged bridges, toppled power lines and washed away thousands of homes in the northeastern Indian state of Assam. Officials say people have been killed by drowning or being caught inside collapsing houses or beneath falling trees.
In neighbouring Nepal, police spokesman Pushkar Karki were searching for 85 people reported missing after rivers burst their banks and killed at least 75. Another 20 people died over the last few days in Bangladesh.
The Lady Spartan softball team put together its best effort of the season Thursday night, but a couple of big innings lifted La Crosse Logan to a 7-1 victory over Sparta in Mississippi Valley Confe
Full text available to online subscribers only. To purchase an online subscription, please click here. If you are an online subscriber, please click here to login.
An autopsy revealed that remnants of a stun gun were in the hair of a 15-year-old boy who crashed an all-terrain vehicle and died after a Michigan state trooper fired a Taser.
The Detroit Free Press quotes the autopsy report as saying "leads" from an "electrical weapon" were found in the hair on the back of Damon Grimes' head and lower back.
The teen died from multiple blunt injuries in the Aug. 26 crash in Detroit. Trooper Mark Bessner has resigned, and a criminal investigation is being conducted.
Bessner's lawyer says he made a split-second decision to use a Taser when Damon refused to stop. The teen's family has filed a $50 million lawsuit.
Since the teen's death, state police no longer conduct high-speed chases in Detroit unless they're investigating a major crime.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A takeaway pizza boss has spoken out in public to assure his customers: “I don't use cat or dog food for my toppings - it's the best quality ingredients.”
Caspian Pizza, which has 25 branches across the city and the West Midlands, says it has been the target of a smear campaign that claimed he was using pet food on his pizzas .
An anonymous Facebook post had claimed a Mr Ahmet - the supposed owner - had been convicted in court of mixing cheap cat and dog food into chicken to save costs.
But Saeed Masuri, a director of Caspian Pizza, has rubbished the claims and says the allegations have been reported to the police.
(Image: Birmingham Mail WS)
He told the Birmingham Mail : “It's fake news. If you hear about something like this you have to report it, everyone knows.
“But the authorities have confirmed that we have done nothing wrong. The council's health team cleared us. They are going to give us a certificate.”
Mr Masuri, from Sparkhill, said: “I thought it was a joke at first. Of course we don't use cat and dog meat. These rumours are threatening to our customers.
“We have 25 branches, we're a big company.
(Image: Birmingham Mail WS)
“I just want to reassure our customers that we only use the best quality ingredients.
“We don't know who made the post but they sent the information everywhere. It is with our solicitors now.”
The pizza company also released a statement rejecting the pet food rumours.
It read: “We would like to address the rumours circulating on Facebook regarding the origins of the meat we supply.
“We would like to inform all of our customers that these vicious rumours are absolutely untrue.
“We have reported this matter to the police and our solicitors who are currently investigating it.
“All the meat we use is Halal and is purchased from local suppliers who are all Halal certified. Our certificates are displayed in all of our shops.
“We would like to apologise to our customers for the distress this matter may have caused and thank you for your continued loyalty and support.”
The smear campaign is not the first time a popular Birmingham eatery has been at the centre of an alleged smear campaign.
In April, the owner of Heavenly Desserts in Ladypool Road, Sparkbrook, claimed that mice found in his dessert parlour were planted by rival bosses.
How many David Davis's are there? After all, you never seem to get the same answer from him if you ask him the same question more than once, so it stands to reason that there might be more than one. And how angry will one wing or other of the Conservative Party be when they find out what the actual answer is?
But enough of Brexit, it's time for tonight's musical interlude. We haven't had any suggestions, so what have I got for you tonight?
Confusion seems to be the order of the day, so here's something from the Beatles…
Enjoy, and I'll see you next week…
BOULDER, Colo. — McKinley Wright scored 21 points, Lucas Siewert had 13 and Colorado held Utah to a season-low point total in beating the Utes 67-55 on Friday night.
George King added 12 points and 10 rebounds for Colorado (13-10, 5-6 Pac-12), which snapped a three-game skid as well as a seven-game losing streak to Utah (13-9, 5-6).
It was Wright's fifth 20-plus point game this season and first since he also had 21 points against Iowa on Dec. 22.
Utah did not have a player score in double figures and was outshot by the Buffaloes 43.1 to 35.1 per cent. David Collette's eight points led the Utes, whose previous low point total came in an 85-58 loss to UNLV on Nov. 22.
King said the Buffaloes focused their defensive effort on Utah's perimeter shooters. The Utes had come converting an average of nearly 10 3-pointers per game but finished with seven against Colorado, including two in the final 4:01 when the game was all but out of reach.
"We did a good job of taking away their strengths," King said. "Our coaches challenged us to go out and prevent that and that's what we were able to do. ... We just had a lot of energy and effort. We had a sense of urgency. I think that when we got stops, it ignited us offensively."
It was just the opposite for the Utes, who never hit their stride offensively.
"It was a grind from an offensive point of view," said Utah coach Larry Krystkowiak. "We just didn't have a whole lot of momentum and anything clicking."
Colorado coach Tad Boyle said the win, coming in the first part of a three-game homestand that concludes with California and Stanford next week, helps position the Buffaloes for a strong finish in the season's final month.
"I've said it earlier, you can't win three in a row unless you win the first one," Boyle said. "We've just got to take it as it goes but this is the time of year I think it's really important that we are emotionally, physically, mentally ready to take on all the challenges that come in February and March.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In children's stories treasure is usually buried on desert islands.
But there is more gold and cold hard cash buried in Colombia that Long John Silver could ever have imagined.
Infamous drug lord Pablo Escobar hid millions – perhaps even billions – of his incredible fortune across Colombia before he was killed in a shoot out with soldiers in December 1993.
There is no map leading to his buried treasure.
Escobar shot the henchmen who hid his loot in order to keep the underground stashes secret.
Most of the money has never been found.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Now two former CIA agents are on a mission to find Escobar's missing millions.
The hunt has taken Doug Laux and Ben Smith to the scariest neighbourhoods in Colombia and brought them face to face with some of Escobar's most dangerous gangsters and assassins.
At the peak of his empire Escobar made a staggering £45million every day and bought huge country estates, planes, and priceless dinosaur fossils for his children to climb on.
Even so, the money kept coming in faster than he could spend it.
The Colombian banks refused to touch his dirty cash, so he stashed some in Swiss accounts.
That money is now lost for good as only Escobar knew the account numbers. He hid far more, shrink-wrapping it in huge stacks and burying it in plastic barrels or metal boxes along with thousands of gold bars, wherever he thought it would be safe.
Soon a fifth of all $100 bills in existence were buried in Colombia.
Escobar's brother Roberto, 71, was an accountant for the gang and served 12 years for criminal conspiracy before being released in 2004.
He said: “Pablo was earning so much that each year we'd write off ten per cent of the money because rats would eat it in storage or it would be damaged by water or lost.”
Escobar was behind 80 per cent of all cocaine smuggled into the US during the hedonistic 1980s.
He had to buy a bigger plane to carry all the money he made and was even inspired by James Bond to build an fleet of submarines to smuggle the powder.
(Image: AFP)
In turn his rapid rise to power, his violent reign of terror, and his luxurious lifestyle inspired another Hollywood hit, the classic Al Pacino gangster film Scarface, and the popular Netflix series Narcos.
By the time he died, aged 44, Forbes Magazine listed him as the seventh richest man in the world.
Roberto said: “We had so much money we would spend £2,000 on rubber bands, just to hold the rest together. We'd holiday in Las Vegas and have dinner with Frank Sinatra on petty cash.”
Escobar built a new neighbourhood, Barrio Escobar, from scratch in Colombia's second city Medellin, with 1,000 homes for families who previously lived in a slum known as The Garbage Dump.
It earned him the nickname Robin Hood for sharing his fortune with the poor. Crucially it also gave him a fortress in the heart of the city where he could hide drugs, guns, and money because the residents were so grateful they became his personal army of soldiers and spies.
He also built three private zoos filled with elephants, giraffes, and hippopotamuses, including one at his extravagant Hacienda Napoles ranch deep in the jungle.
After his death the hippos were set free. Around 30 now roam wild, terrorising children and fishermen.
Escobar's son Juan Pablo, 40, said: “It was like living in Disneyland. Giraffes, elephants, motorcylces, a lot of things to do and a lot of money to spend.”
(Image: AFP)
(Image: LatinContent Editorial)
Escobar's is rumoured to have buried much of his money near his many homes dotted across Colombia, Mexico, and Florida.
Sceptics dismiss the stories as a modern day El Dorado that have lured rival treasure hunters into an Indiana Jones style race to find the lost loot.
One team of treasure hunters was led by Scots Guard John Miller, who masterminded the kidnapping of Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs from Rio de Janeiro in Brazil in 1981.
He took six SAS veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan to Colombia in 2009 in search of the treasure. But those close to the drug lord insist the treasure really does exist.
Steve Murphy, one of the drug agents from the DEA who helped find Escobar for the US government before the crime lord was shot dead on a rooftop in Medellin, said: “It's not a legend. “We know for a fact that Escobar and his sicarios – or hitmen – did shrink wrap money and bury it or hide it in caves. Then he would kill them. That way nobody knew where the money was buried.”
Colombian newspaper El Espectator even has photographs of some of the recovered treasure, including £4million dug up in three plastic cans in November 1989.
The following year £25million was discovered along with 150kg of gold bars.
In 2009 another £5million was found in the jungle where Escobar founded a series of cocaine factories and £10million was found hidden at the Hacienda Napoles ranch.
Two years ago there were even reports a farmer named Jose Mariena Cartolos, 65, found £450million buried in hundreds of barrels in a field he was digging to start a palm olive plantation.
So far the Colombian government has only recovered £75million of the missing money.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Reuters)
More than 10 times that amount could still be buried, waiting to be found. Former CIA agent Doug Laux, who filmed the latest treasure hunt for the new Discovery series Finding Escobar's Millions, said: “The evidence has been dug up – plastic barrels full of cash, gold bullion, jewels and guns. It's pure bling bling. The Colombian cartels invented that.
“That is just a fraction of Pablo's billions. He couldn't have all that cash just lying around, so he had to bury it in safe houses and the properties of people he trusted.”
Hunting for the treasure is a risky business. A location scout was shout dead in Mexico while looking for a suitable place to film Narcos in September, prompting Roberto Escobar to warn Netflix not to film in Mexico or Colombia, or give staff bodyguards.
Doug, who once infiltrated the Taliban to expose the supply chain for their IED roadside bombs, and his partner Ben ventured into even more dangerous territory. They used state of the art technology including bomb hunting drones that take such detailed aerial pictures they can spot the slightest footprint on the ground, and scanners that can “see” through walls and floors.
They also used their CIA skills and contacts to arrange meetings with Escobar's closest allies and unearth their secrets.
That included Escobar's sister Luz Maria, 62, who has spent decades trying to atone for her brother's crimes, including leaving letters on the graves of his victims.
Posing as documentary filmmakers they met several of his deadliest surviving lieutenants, including hitman ‘Popeye' Vasquez, who ordered the murder of 3,000 politicians, journalists, and rival gangsters, and drug runner Juan Esteban, ‘the Scorpion' who now runs Barrio Escobar and revealed there was “crazy” amounts of money hidden in empty houses and buried across his turf.
Doug said: “Looking for Pablo Escobar's money in Colombia, you are kicking a hornet's nest as hard as you can. The danger is extraordinary, there is every chance you will get killed.
“Men like Juan have probably been looking for this treasure for 30 years, but if there are more stashes and more money to be found, I want to be the one who finds it.”
Finding Escobar's Millions is on the Discovery Channel on Tuesdays at 10pm.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For decades the MoD has denied using unwitting servicemen as “guinea pigs” in radiation experiments during the race to build a nuclear bomb.
But the widow of one Cold War pilot has blown that claim apart after obtaining secret documents that show he was used in a deadly experiment as he was ordered to fly through the cloud of a thermonuclear explosion.
And Shirley Denson, 83, said husband Eric had such a massive dose of radiation to his head in the 1958 flight that it caused ­crippling headaches so bad that he later killed himself saying he couldn't stand the pain.
Two of their four daughters were born with abnormalities as were some grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
The papers show Eric, 24 at the time, had his head alone exposed to 65 years' worth of normal ­background ­radiation - the same as 17,500 dental X-rays - during just six minutes spent flying through the cloud at Christmas Island in the South Pacific.
(Image: TIM ANDERSON / Daily Mirror)
Shirley said of the ­documents – which chillingly show the Tory government of the day knew there was a risk to the men's children: “It's ­absolutely wicked. It's evil. To see it in black and white after all these years took my breath away. It seems our government used and abused its own men.
“It makes me furious to think it was done on purpose, that my Eric mattered so little to them.”
British Nuclear Test Veterans' Association chairman Alan Owen said: “This is the first time in all our years of campaigning we have ever found evidence this strong.
“Our members always believed they were guinea pigs and this appears to prove some of them were, at best, collateral damage in horrifying experiments. We need to know ­everything - now.”
Deputy Labour leader Tom Watson, who is backing the Mirror campaign to give a medal to the veterans of the nuclear tests, which lasted from 1952 until 1967, added: “This is a shocking document the MoD cannot wriggle out of.
(Image: Sunday Mirror/Collect)
“We need answers about what experiments were conducted, and how many of the 22,000 nuke vets were involved in them.
“The Defence Secretary should come to the Commons and issue an unqualified apology to Mrs Denson.”
Shadow Defence ­Secretary Nia Griffith said: “These are deeply worrying revelations which must be ­investigated by the MoD.”
Shadow Health Secretary ­Jonathan Ashworth added: “This is an ­absolute scandal.”
Shirley, of Morden, south London, was handed the papers by the MoD during research about her husband's service.
Eric flew his converted Canberra B6 bomber into the mushroom cloud of a 2.8 megaton nuclear explosion on April 28, with X-ray badges on his seat to measure radiation.
They were placed behind the head, on both arm rests, and in the seat pan for each member of the aircrew.
(Image: TIM ANDERSON / Daily Mirror)
The bomb, codenamed Operation Grapple Y, was the most deadly weapon Britain has ever fired.
The papers said “care was taken to ensure as little shielding effect as possible” was given to the badges – and thus the crew.
Immediately after the tests, Eric suffered vomiting and a rash, common symptoms of radiation poisoning.
But within 48 hours he was ordered to fly the plane again. Veteran Joe Pasquini, who was a navigator in the same squadron, has a copy of Eric's pilot logbook which shows he returned to the air in the same plane on May 30 for a 75-minute "radar calibration and formation" flight.
The paper - written by scientists running the tests - states those who received a dose of radiation between 10 Roentgens and 25 must not be exposed again for three years.
Eric's dose of 18.8R meant he should have been protected. His was the worst of the three-man crew.
(Image: TIM ANDERSON / Daily Mirror)
One of the badges was placed near his groin. It recorded a dose of 8.8R, or around 30 years' worth of normal background radiation. The ­document added: “Testicular badges: The very significantly lower levels are of interest and cheer in relation to the possibility of genetic damage.”
Eric and Shirley had already had one healthy daughter before the nuclear experiments. The Mirror found birth defects or unexplained medal conditions in 37% of their descendants, including skull deformities, missing and extra teeth, and spinal problems. Eric killed himself in 1976.
Shirley also backed the Mirror's call for medals.
She said: “It's the very least they could do. I was left a widow with four children to raise.”
The document was an AWRE health physics paper looking at ways of testing the film badges to be sure they were accurate.
But the MoD said: “It is not true to say these men were subject to an experiment to look at the effects of radiation.
“The British nuclear testing programme contributed towards keeping our country secure during the Cold War and regular health checks were conducted throughout.
“The National Radiological Protection Board has carried out three studies of nuclear test veterans and found no valid evidence to link this programme to ill health.”
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Our 16-year drive to get justice for forgotten victims
The Mirror has campaigned for recognition for the veterans since 2002, the 50th anniversary of the first British bomb test.
Every other nuclear power on Earth gives some recognition or compensation to its nuke vets, including Russia, China and the USA. Britain is alone in refusing to admit harm was likely.
The Mirror has reported on UK vets who won compensation from other countries, the families of scientists and servicemen who claim to have been harmed by radiation, and a series of court battles.
In 2007 DNA research showed the New Zealand veterans had the same rate of genetic damage as survivors of the Chernobyl nuclear accident, and a British study showed the children had 10 times the normal rate of birth defects.
A year later the Isle of Man Tynwald voted to give £6,000 to each of its veterans to help with their care needs and in 2009 France announced it was “time to be true to its conscience” and unveiled a £9m compensation package for its nuke vets.
The same year, 10 British and Fijian vets and widows took the Ministry of Defence to the High Court, and won the right to sue it for criminal negligence.
The MoD appealed and in 2012 all but one claim was thrown out. That one could not proceed for lack of funds.
In 2015 Fiji said it would pay £3,000 to its survivors and called on Britain to do the same.
A group war pension appeal was launched with help from the Royal British Legion but failed in the Appeal Court after judges ruled there was no proof the men were irradiated.
In 2016, we reported that the veterans intended to use a £1m grant from the Aged Veterans' Fund to pay for their own genetic research. Earlier this year we revealed that researchers were struggling to find enough subjects to test.
Sign the veterans' petition to trigger a debate in parliament here .
Global C4ISR Market Report Information by System (Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance), by Application (Land, Air, Naval, and Space), and by Region – Forecast to 2023.
Market Scenario:
C4ISR, indicating Command, Control, Communications, Computer, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance, is a term that implies systems, procedures, and techniques to gather and propagate information through agencies working for any mission. This entity works individually, while accomplishing any mission, but they work united to provide decision-makers and warfighters with actionable information to help them perform their jobs effectively in minimum time.
The ultimate goal of C4ISR is to give decision-makers the information they require as fast as possible so that they can have a complete situational awareness of a particular region. To optimize this process, the equipment, right materials, and systems are considered. These all components of C4ISR working together play a vital role to accomplish the desired mission. It is the backbone of the mission and any loophole in the chain can have serious and grave consequences.
Get Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1241
For example, Naval Strike Groups want to use C4ISR in their assigned missions. The intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance system of Strike Groups in missions are provided by sensors, which are used by Joint-Forces, Navy, and National Sensor Systems. These consist of ground-based, space-based, surface-based, and subsurface-based sensors that gather the required information for the group.
The combination of Measurement and Signatures Intelligence (MASINT), Space-Based Image Intelligence (IMINT), and Signal Intelligence (SIGINT) systems collect data from a particular region, forward it to the control and command, and later use it to make informed decisions. There are various types of sensors, which work together in a smooth manner to collect and deliver the required information to the group.
The C4ISR market is expected to grow in the next five years primarily because of the use of advanced technology and integration, along with airborne ISR, to support maritime tactical surveillance networks. In addition, increase in the procurement of ships worldwide has also resulted in increased demand for naval C4ISR systems.
In June 2015, the U.S. Navy invested $32 million in the development of electro-optic sensor systems to support the Naval Surface Warfare Center (NSWC). In May 2015, Lockheed Martin received a contract of $72 million to develop C4ISR systems for the U.S. Coast Guard.
The evolution of unmanned aircraft technologies has had a major impact on airborne C4ISR systems, as UAVs provide incident critical responses to defense personnel through airborne surveillance. An increasing number of manned aircraft are being replaced by UAVs as the latter is comparatively more cost-effective. Due to this the airborne C4ISR systems are expected to have a negative growth during the forecast period.
The global C4ISR market is projected to grow at a CAGR of more than 4% during the period 2017-2023.
Regional Analysis
In 2016, North America accounted for approximately 44% of the global C4ISR market. The primary reasons for the large market share are technological advancements, increasing government initiatives, and investments in the United States. This market is likely to grow in the next five years, despite declines in 2016 and 2017 because of military budget cutbacks in the Americas.
Improving economic conditions in many countries in APAC and the Middle East have led to increases in their defense budgets and growing demand for new and advanced technologies for C4ISR systems. APAC and the Middle East together account for nearly 30% of the market share. Particularly, the demand for networked communication, sensor upgrades and electronic and intelligence warfare systems is expected to grow significantly in the Asia Pacific region, which is anticipated to boost the market in the upcoming years. Furthermore, the advancement of Chinese C4ISR systems will attract the Indian defense domain to invest in the C4ISR market.
The lifecycle of most new technologies is usually short because of continuous R&D. This gives rise to the constant need to upgrade to new and improved technologies, especially in the defense industry. C4ISR has evolved over the years, from being a hardware system to an integrated software system, which is integral to the defense sector. New features are being constantly added to these systems, such as secure messaging managements systems, time-sensitive targeting, and quick reaction capability solutions, which aids in high-speed maintenance, repairs, and system modifications.
The use of advanced technologies has enhanced the scope of the C4ISR market. These systems are now being used by civil government agencies to predict and minimize losses caused due to natural disasters. Moreover, the governments of countries worldwide use them in border control, protection of national security from cybercrimes and terrorist threats, and on a small-scale in the aerospace industry.
Key Players
The key players in the C4ISR market are Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S.), Raytheon Company (U.S.), BAE Systems (U.S.), Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S.), General Dynamics Corporation (U.S.), Rockwell Collins(U.S.), L-3 Technologies, Inc. (U.S.), Elbit Systems Ltd (U.S.), Thales Group (France), and Harris Corporation (France). Among these, Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman are two of the biggest players in the market that provide information and electronic systems. Their prime focus is on providing cost-effective, integrated, and reliable systems.
Browse Complete Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/c4isr-market-1241
From what I have seen, marijuana seems addictive and hard to let go of. How greedy can our governments get to allow this drug to be legalized without sufficient testing? Saying the industry will create jobs does not justify the harm it will cause. The police must have some statistics relating to accidents and death where marijuana is a factor.
Seriously, it messes people up and gives them a false sense of reality.
Government is supposed to be "of the people" and "for the people." Guess what, sometimes they make mistakes. Let's try to fix this mistake before another generation pays the price.
Hundreds of local student artists are striving to get their works on display in a massive way.
“We want to bring the teens in the community and give them an opportunity to leave a mark on their community with art,” said Tara Welch, executive director at Studio 23.
From a simple drawing on a piece of paper, to a massive mural painted permanently for the entire community to admire for years in Bay City.
“The bridge mural competition, last year it was sent to our to local art teachers to involve their students and turn in their designs and there was one winning design selected,” said Mark Piotrowski, an art teacher at Bay City Western High School.
After the success it saw last year, the competition is back for another round.
Piotrowski said anyone can enter if they're a high school student and live within Bay County. He said judges are looking for something specific.
“Looking for designs that are very bold, colorful, contemporary, and limited - or no words,” he said.
Piotrowski said this is a great opportunity for teens to expand their horizons when it comes to creative expression.
“It brings in high school talent. High schoolers are wonderful in that they have so many ideas, so much talent and a lot of offers that people don't give them enough credit for their artist abilities,” Piotrowski said.
All while benefiting the local community in the process.
“It opens up an avenue for public art that has not been explored in Bay City as often as it should be,” he said.
Once that winner is picked, their design will be painted under Veteran's Memorial Bridge on the east side of the Saginaw River along the Riverwalk. The process is slated to start this upcoming June.
If you know someone who would like to submit a drawing, all designs need to be submitted to Studio 23 by April 14.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
MORRISVILLE / LOS ANGELES — February 2, 2018 — Current fashion trends are changing rapidly, and the demand for individualized products is rising – these are the challenges faced by apparel manufacturers today. Now is the time to exploit the benefits of digitization to the full – not in individual phases of product development, however, but throughout the entire process chain right down to the finished product in the store – and Human Solutions will show just how this can be done at the PI Apparel show on February 12 and 13 in Los Angeles.
Digitization is currently occupying the industry across all sectors. “Many companies are recently defining their way towards digitization,” says Andre Luebke, General Manager of Human Solutions of North America Inc. “There's a heady feeling of sweeping change and optimism in the air. When we are talking to our customers and partners, we see that digitization is no longer being challenged and doubted – companies know that digitization offers new opportunities and creates new business models.”
However, the question is, where do you start to get into digital work? And how do you reap the benefits of working digitally during the different phases of a product and connect this to information in such a way as to create added value? “3D is the key to more speed. We offer a simulation that is so close to reality,
that you think you can touch the garment. Our software Vidya can replace physical prototypes. The drafts can also be used for order and webshops”, says Andre Luebke. At the PI Apparel, Human Solutions will showcase how 3D is changing the way of product development in the apparel industry. Together with Matthew Cochran, Vice President of Business Development, On- Point Manufacturing, Inc., Andre Luebke, Human Solutions' General Manager, will offer a session “Adapting your Design, Development and Manufacturing Processes to the New Shop- ping Habits of the Ever-changing Consumer”.
Size North America: An interim report
Human Solutions will also inform visitors about “Size North America.” This is the most extensive measurement survey project on the North American continent to date, which started in 2017. It is carried out by Human Solutions in collaboration with many partners. During the survey, body measurements, proportions and demographic data of 18,000 men, women and children will be collected. At the PI Apparel, Human Solutions presents first results and tendencies.
Posted February 2, 2018
Source: Human Solutions Group
'Zama' Offers A Withering Critique Of Colonialism From Within
Enlarge this image toggle caption Strand Releasing
How do you make a movie about stagnation? A movie that doesn't just tell you a story about someone wasting away, but that seems to embody a state of physical and moral decay for nearly two hours?
It may not sound like a glowing recommendation, but Lucrecia Martel has made such a movie with Zama, her feverishly brilliant adaptation of Antonio di Benedetto's 1956 novel of the same title. This is one of the most atmospheric and transporting films I've seen all year, and also one of the best.
Di Benedetto's novel tells the tragicomic story of Don Diego de Zama, an official of the Spanish crown stationed at a remote outpost along the Paraguay River. He was born in the New World but serves the Old, an empire in which he has never once set foot.
The year is 1790, and Zama, bored, frustrated and separated from his wife and children, hopes for a transfer to Buenos Aires, where he's certain he will find greater purpose and prosperity. The book, narrated by Zama himself, is a bitterly ironic account of pride, pettiness and self-pity, a devastating critique of European colonialism from the inside.
Zama the movie is remarkably faithful to the book's spirit. Played in a superbly weary, bone-dry performance by Daniel Giménez Cacho, Don Diego de Zama is very much a figure of mockery, but his slowly dawning awareness of his own futility is not without a certain pathos.
In the opening shot, we see him standing alone on a beach, wearing a sword and a tricorn hat, and striking a ridiculous, would-be heroic pose. The rest of the movie will slowly lay waste to his delusions of grandeur.
The first half plays like a comedy of bureaucratic errors by way of Samuel Beckett, as Zama repeatedly pleads with his superior to write a letter to the king and obtain approval of his transfer. Apart from his occasional duties as a magistrate, Zama mostly just waits and waits, and every scene seems to compound the indignity of his existence.
He is forever being ignored by his superiors, thwarted by his colleagues and rebuffed by a noblewoman, Luciana, whom he hopelessly lusts after. She's played by Lola Dueñas, known for her work with Pedro Almodóvar, who is credited as one of the film's producers.
No one, however, is likely to mistake Zama for an Almodóvar movie. Martel has little use for straightforward narrative. Her style is immersive yet disorienting: Rather than neatly sorting out the characters' relationships or cutting from one plot point to the next, she creates a highly specific, intricate world that demands and rewards your close attention.
Surrender to this movie and you might find yourself held rapt by the sheer intensity of Martel's filmmaking. Her sensuous camerawork and wild, teeming sound design, alive with the noises of buzzing insects and screeching birds, conjure an air of stifling humidity. The physical world here is palpably present, and completely indifferent to men like Zama and their arrogant attempts to tame it into submission.
Martel's previous films, which include The Holy Girl and The Headless Woman, have been sly satires of bourgeois privilege, and her sense of class rage makes her a natural fit for di Benedetto's anti-imperialist takedown. Whereas so many screen adaptations of first-person narratives tend to lose their focus, Martel ingeniously forges her own point of view.
She doesn't just march Zama through a series of humiliations. She strategically undermines his position in every shot, often placing him off to the side or dwarfing him visually. Barely a scene goes by in which we aren't made aware of the indigenous slaves employed by Zama and his cohorts, going about their business in the background or foreground, looking on in judgmental silence.
These visual strategies may seem odd at first, but they have a real sense of purpose. In refusing to make Zama the center of the frame, the movie reminds us that this man, whatever he may think, is not the hero of his own story.
That becomes increasingly apparent in the movie's second half, as the desperate and disenfranchised Zama ventures into the swampy wilderness, joining a dangerous mission to capture an enemy of the empire.
The story ends as it must, in a whirlwind of violence, and Martel's precisely controlled imagery turns rapturous, almost in spite of itself. It's a terrifying vision worthy of Werner Herzog and Joseph Conrad. The grand dream of human conquest becomes a nightmarish descent into madness.
For Some Hard-To-Find Tumors, Doctors See Promise In Artificial Intelligence
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of The Felix Project Courtesy of The Felix Project
Artificial intelligence, which is bringing us everything from self-driving cars to personalized ads on the web, is also invading the world of medicine.
In radiology, this technology is increasingly helping doctors in their jobs. A computer program that assists doctors in diagnosing strokes garnered approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration earlier this year. Another that helps doctors diagnose broken wrists in x-ray images won FDA approval on May 24th.
One particularly intriguing line of research seeks to train computers to diagnose one of the deadliest of all malignancies, pancreatic cancer, when the disease is still readily treatable.
That's the vision of Dr. Elliot Fishman, a professor of radiology at Johns Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore. Artificial intelligence and radiology seem like a natural match, since so much of the task of reading images involves pattern recognition. It's a dream that's been decades in the making, Fishman says.
"When I started in radiology, they said, 'Ok don't worry about reading the chest x-rays because the computers will read them,' " Fishman says. "That was 35 years ago!"
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
Computers still can't perform the seemingly simple task of reading a chest x-ray, despite sky-high expectations and more than a little hype around the role of artificial intelligence. Fishman is undaunted as he turns this technology on pancreatic cancer.
And that disease is a huge challenge. Only 7 percent of patients given a pancreatic cancer diagnosis are alive five years later. One reason the disease is so deadly is that doctors usually diagnose it when it's too late to remove the tumors with surgery. Fishman and his team want to change that, by training computers to recognize pancreatic cancer early. Working with Johns Hopkins computer science students and faculty, they are helping develop a tumor-detecting algorithm that could be built into CT scanner software.
Americans get 40 million CT scans of the abdomen every year, for everything from car accidents to back pain. Imagine if a computer program with expert abilities could look for pancreas tumors in all those scans.
"That's the ultimate opportunity — to be able to diagnose it before you have any symptoms and at a stage where it's even maybe too subtle for a radiologist to be able to detect it," says Dr. Karen Horton, chair of the Johns Hopkins radiology department and Fishman's collaborator on the project.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
The challenge lies in teaching a computer to detect what a well-trained doctor knows to look for.
"Elliot and I are very sub-specialized so we're really, really good," Horton says matter-of-factly. "We see more pancreatic cancer than probably anyone in the world."
She says if the computer algorithm could capture their collective knowledge about how to diagnose pancreatic cancer and give that expertise to the typical doctor, "you could be, I would argue, better than us, but certainly as good as us — which would mean better than most of the practicing radiologists."
Even a program perfectly attuned to finding patterns can't reliably recognize cancer if it hasn't been trained on reliable starting material.
When it comes to developing AI, "sometimes people say, 'oh just take a bunch of cases and put them in a computer and the computer will figure out what to do'," Fishman says. "That's nonsensical."
The Felix Project at Johns Hopkins, as the pancreas effort is called, pours a huge amount of human time, labor and intellect into training computers to recognize the difference between a normal pancreas and one with a tumor.
Of all the internal organs to deal with, "the pancreas is the hardest," Fishman says. "The kidney looks like a kidney, the liver's a big thing." On the other hand, he says, "The pancreas is a very soft organ, it sits way in the middle and the shape varies from patient to patient. Just finding the pancreas, even for radiologists, is at times a challenge."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
Eva Zinreich, a retired oncologist, is up for that challenge. She is one of a team of medical experts who spend their days pouring over CT scans and teaching the computer how to recognize the pancreas, other organs, and then, tumors within the pancreas.
She sits at a computer workstation, wielding a digital paintbrush.
"I'll show you in 3D because that's the fun stuff, ok?" she says as she sets about coloring in the aorta and other blood vessels on a scan.
Next, she colors the pancreas yellow.
"You see that shaded area?" she asks. "That's the tumor," and she proceeds to color it red.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
It will take her almost four hours just to mark up this single scan. Four medical experts have been working full-time for well over a year on this project. They've done this painstaking work on scans from about 1,000 healthy people, and their tally of pancreatic cancer images is now approaching 1,000 as well, Fishman says.
They are feeding their annotated scans into the project's computer program and gradually teaching it to recognize the same signs of a tumor that radiologists now pick out of the scans.
At another workstation in the lab, radiologist Linda Chu is trying to make the computer system even more adept than Elliot Fishman and Karen Horton are at recognizing pancreas cancers. She's developing ways for the computer to look for patterns in the scan that the human eye can't pick out. It's interpreting textures in the images, rather than shapes and shading.
Chu says she's making tentative progress. For example, she's been training the software to identify subtle clues that distinguish between a benign cyst and cancer.
"We don't truly understand what the computer is seeing, but clearly the computer is able to see something in the images that us humans cannot comprehend at this point," Chu says.
But this is also part of the challenge of AI — if the computer highlights something that a human expert can't see, and it's not clear how it arrived at that conclusion, can you trust it?
"That's what makes the research interesting!" Chu says.
Computer science students from the Johns Hopkins University main campus are key to developing the software that's learning how to read and interpret the images that flow from Fishman's lab.
The Lustgarten Foundation, which is focused on pancreatic cancer, has provided nearly $4 million over two years to fund the Felix Project. Horton says if it's successful, all the information they collected on healthy people can be used as a starting point to study tumors elsewhere in the body.
"You could have Felix kidney, Felix liver, Felix lung, Felix, heart," she says. And they could all go together into the scanner software.
The project is named after the "Felix Felicis" good-luck potion, from the Harry Potter books. And, absent an effective magic spell, the laborious process is a reminder that success in bringing artificial intelligence to medicine will not be as simple as dumping piles of data into a computer and trusting that an algorithm will sort it all out.
You can contact Richard Harris at rharris@npr.org.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Out of life's many conundrums, finding the best place to watch the Six Nations is a tough one.
So to save you hours of fruitless searching, we've called on our friends at DesignMyNight for the low-down on the best spots across the UK to soak up the action.
From huge HD screens to bottomless pizza and beer, here's where you should be heading to come match day.
Greenwood, Victoria, London
Greenwood is the biggest pub in Victoria and one of the best sports bars in London, so it's no surprise they'll be screening every second of the Six Nations action. They've got a massive 16 screens dotted throughout the venue, so a prime view is pretty much guaranteed. Work your way through their impressive craft beer menu, and make the most of their burger and a pint promotion for just £15 - which is included as part of every pre-booked ticket.
(Image: PA)
The Bull in Streatham, London
If pints of Guinness, roast dinners and rugby happen to be three of your favourite things, you need to be at The Bull in Streatham this Sunday. You'll be greeted with a pint of the black stuff by a brand ambassador, before you take a seat with a perfect view of the screen (and there'll be a Guinness bar nearby if you need a refill). As for the roast, expect a mouth-watering trio of beef, pork belly and chicken served with goose fat roasties, yorkshires and cauliflower cheese. If that doesn't keep you going throughout the game, nothing will.
The Plough in Clapham, London
With the popularity of brunch showing no signs of abating, it's no wonder The Plough in Clapham have incorporated it into their Six Nations offering. You'll be able to catch the England vs Italy game with a seat right next to their plasmas, as you tuck into An English Gent brekky; with sausages, smoked bacon, hash browns, black pudding and eggs, or the veggie option, a V English Gent. All this comes paired with pints of velvety Guinness too, making it more than worth the £15 price tag.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Hope & Anchor, Brixton, London
Looking for somewhere to watch the rugby in Brixton? Make sure it's at Hope & Anchor. They've got comfy sofas, huge screens and garden huts if you and your mates fancy your own space. If you can, opt for their Guinness brunch before the game; you'll enjoy two pints of the black stuff, as well as a brunch dish from their themed menu (think baked eggs with chorizo, salt beef sandwiches, burgers and delicious vegetarian options).
Long Arm Pub and Brewery, Shoreditch, London
If you're wondering where to catch the start of the Six Nations this weekend (and you're a craft beer lover) it's worth paying Long Arm Brewery a visit, where guests can enjoy their Tank Fresh beers and watch the match on their huge projector screens. It's worth nabbing a ticket in advance, because doing so will include one of their dribble-worthy burgers and a pint of Heineken.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Bounce (various locations), London
Let's face it, we all know watching the rugby and having a few pints go hand in hand, so why not kit yourself out during the game with two hours of bottomless beer and pizza at Bounce? They've got a designated rugby room, where there will be a 10 foot cinematic projector screen with a private bar, so you needn't worry about your glass being empty. Thought it couldn't get any better? You can also play unlimited ping pong throughout your stay.
Soda, Cardiff
If you're in Cardiff during the Six Nations, make sure you catch all of the action at Soda. Showing every second of the all-important fixtures on huge screens, you can book an area in the lounge to ensure you get the best views in the house. Food and drink-wise; there's a package that includes a pre-game hot fork buffet, three drinks and a steak baguette and chips after the game has finished, all for a nifty £35.
(Image: Evening Gazette)
Walkabout, Brighton
If in search of an epic atmosphere to watch the Six Nations on the south coast, nowhere will beat Walkabout in Brighton. Huge HD screens? Check. Commentary? Check. Stats, team profiles and live social media feeds? Check check check. As a bonus, table service is also available - meaning no queuing at the bar.
Manchester Bierkeller, Manchester
Manchester Bierkeller is a Bavarian-style beer hall, so you can expect a rowdy atmosphere for the Six Nations. They'll be showing every second of the action on their huge projectors,as well as screens all over the venue, so you won't miss any important moments. In terms of booze, expect steins of beer and if you get peckish, tuck into a menu of Bavarian-style eats.
The Lord Clifden, Birmingham
If you're in Birmingham for the Six Nations, make sure you watch the rugby unfold at The Lord Clifden. They'll be utilising their beer garden and open bar to screen the games, leaving you plenty of space to cheer on/berate your team from a safe distance. There will be plenty of draught beers to choose from, alongside dribble-worthy pub grub; think chili, burgers and grilled sandwiches as well as plenty of vegetarian and vegan-friendly options.
For more info on where to watch the Six Nations 2018 in London and across the UK, visit DesignMyNight and follow them on Instagram and Twitter @DesignMyNight
Rangers general manager Jon Daniels said Sam Dyson's time on the disabled list will give him a chance to regroup but said Dyson's stuff is still good (Video by Stefan Stevenson).
Stuntman, special forces soldier, underwater diver, professional sky-diver – these are perhaps the jobs we most associate with danger and potential death.
But none of these feature in new data from the Health and Safety Executive that reveals which industries had the most at-work deaths in Britain during 2016/2017.
Lion-tamer, racing driver and fighter pilot didn't feature either.
The data shows 137 people were killed at work during 2016/2017, and a further 92 members of the public where killed due to work related activities.
Construction is statistically the most dangerous industry, with 30 deaths; while agriculture came a close second, with 27 deaths.
Manufacturing suffered 19 deaths while the transport and storage and waste sectors both had 14 deaths.
The most common cause of death at work in 2016/2017 was being struck by a moving vehicle. This caused the death of 31 people.
Falls from height killed 25 people and being struck by a moving object killed 25 people.
Being trapped by something overturning or collapsing killed 10 people and contact with moving machinery took eight lives. Contact with electricity also caused the death of eight people.
MERCERVILLE, Ohio —Revenge on the road.
The Southern girls basketball team — which dropped a 43-25 decision to South Gallia on Dec. 21 in Racine — avenged that setback on Thursday night in Gallia County, defeating the Lady Rebels by a 41-39 count.
The Lady Rebels (6-12, 2-11 TVC Hocking) hit a pair of three-pointers in the opening quarter and led 8-7 by the end of the stanza.
SGHS made two more triples in the second quarter, but Southern (6-14, 3-10) surged for 15 points in the period and led 22-19 at halftime.
The Purple and Gold held the hosts to a single field goal in the third quarter, and stretched the advantage to 29-23 headed into the fourth.
The Lady Rebels drained four trifectas en route to 16 fourth quarter points, but the Lady Tornadoes sealed the 41-39 win with 12 points, 10 of which came from the free throw line.
For the game, the Lady Tornadoes shot 10-of-54 (18.5 percent) from field, including 1-of-5 (20 percent) from three-point range. At the free throw line, Southern was 19-of-36 (52.8 percent) and SGHS shot 7-of-25 (28 percent).
As a team, the guests recorded 30 rebounds, nine steals and four blocks, while turning the ball over 20 times.
SHS sophomore Baylee Wolfe led the victors with 15 points and nine rebounds. Lauren Lavender hit the guests' only three-pointer and finished with 10 points, while Jaiden Roberts recorded eight points and three steals.
Josie Cundiff scored six points, all from the free throw line, while Shelbi Dailey marked two points in the win. Phoenix Cleland dished out a team-best three assists for Southern.
Amaya Howell and Alyssa Cremeens led South Gallia with nine points apiece, both draining a trio of three-pointers. Kiley Stapleton and Erin Evans both scored six points for the Lady Rebels, Olivia Hornsby and Aaliyah Howell each added three, while Christine Griffith and Faith Poling had two points and one point respectively.
After hosting Eastern on Saturday, the Lady Rebels will be back on the court Thursday against Wahama. The Purple and Gold return home to face Eastern on Monday.
Additional statistical information was unavailable at presstime.
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
SAN DIEGO – A bat found at the San Diego Zoo Safari Park over the weekend tested positive for rabies, the county Health and Human Services Agency announced Monday.
There have been no reports of any people touching the bat, found Saturday around 3 p.m. near the Oasis Deli in the Nairobi Village section of the park. However, if someone did directly handle the flying mammal, county health officials want to hear from them.
Dr. Wilma Wooten, the county public health officer, said rabies is usually fatal in humans without prompt medical intervention. Rabies transmission can occur from a bite or if saliva comes in contact with a cut or abrasion, or with mucous membranes like the eyes, nose or mouth.
“People should always stay away from bats and other wild animals to prevent possible exposure to rabies,” Wooten said. “If you see a bat, dead or alive, don't touch it. If you think you may have had contact with a bat, call the county as soon as possible at (619) 692-8499.”
Five rabid bats have been found in San Diego County so far this year. Last year, two were discovered in the same location at the Safari Park.
The HHSA said if direct contact with a bat does occur, wash the affected area thoroughly with soap and water and get medical advice immediately. More information, including a brochure on rabies, can be found on the HHSA Rabies web page at http://www.sandiegocounty.gov/hhsa/programs/phs/community_epidemiology/dc/rabies.html.
33.097446 -116.995723
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger does not even regard it as an issue.
When the question was posed at the pre-match press conference about who will play in goal, Wenger dismissed it and insisted he had nothing to hide and that David Ospina would face Bayern Munich.
“It will be Ospina because of the quality of his performances and if you are today in the last 16, we finished top of the group,” said Wenger.
“If you analyse well his performances in every single game, we are where we are basically down to his great performances.”
But from the moment that Ospina playing ahead of Petr Cech became a story on the back page of Tuesday's Daily Mirror, it is a big talking point.
(Photo: David Price)
(Photo: Stuart MacFarlane)
Why? Because Cech is the only Champions League winner in Arsenal's squad. He is experienced, a world class keeper and a big character in the dressing room.
Arsenal signed him 18 months ago for the big games and now, as Wenger approaches the biggest game of the season, he has picked his No2 in goal.
The funny thing is that when I tweeted the story, a lot of fans on Twitter were asking what the big deal is. Well, it's a story because it's a talking point and unusual for any top club to play one keeper in the league and another in the Champions League.
Barcelona have done it. But who else? In fairness, Ospina has done well when called upon. Last season, he started the Group stages, had a nightmare against Olympiacos and then Cech was brought back in.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Harry Redknapp backs Bayern to '100 per cent beat Arsenal' Share this video Watch Next
Cech was heroic against Bayern at the Emirates last season and, in my mind, fills the goal. Cech is listed as 6ft 5in while Ospina is 6ft.
When they were pictured the other day in training, they actually look similar height. But it is all about presence. Cech looks huge, Ospina looks small in my eyes.
Cech was excellent against Hull, good saves and a calm presence under big pressure.
No-one is denying that Ospina is a good keeper. He is Colombia's keeper, has had some good games but if he's that good, why not play him in the Premier League?
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
The answer is obvious: Cech is still better. And if there is a clear distinction between the two, it is incredible, absolutely incredible, not to play your first choice against Bayern and their attacking might.
One of the greatest nights of Cech's career came in Munich in 2012 when his heroics in the game and penalty shoot-out won Chelsea the trophy against Bayern.
Cech has a reputation, an authority and gives his defence a confidence which makes them look more secure.
This is not a social club, not taking it in turns, this is the Champions League and it is unthinkable that Wenger is playing Ospina out of some sort of debt of loyalty.
Wenger's loyalty to his players is very admirable. Sometimes to a fault. For example, he did not sign N'Golo Kante for a few reasons but one of them was that he thought it would block Francis Coquelin's progress. Well, Coquelin is not bigger than Arsenal.
Similarly, to pick Ospina ahead of Cech just because he's told Ospina he would play in the Champions League is cutting off your nose to spite your face.
I still think Cech is a top class keeper and picking Ospina also invites criticism and turns up the pressure. Fair enough in the group games but in the serious business, it's a bizarre decision.
The Trump administration's stance climate change and research has campus scientists concerned about the future of their profession.
“The early indications are that there's not going to be a real push for research on climate change,” John Walsh, said. “I think there's a lot of concern around here for what's going to happen to climate change research.”
Walsh is a professor and chief scientist at the International Arctic Research Center.
In late January, President Donald Trump's administration issued memos to at least four federal agencies to not make any public statements and to consult with senior officials before speaking to the media. The administration also pulled down mentions of climate change from White House and State Department websites.
Several scientists cited this order as an example of cause for worry.
“It's been a dramatic transition, like none that I've ever seen,” Larry Hinzman, vice chancellor of research, said about the new administration. “It is going to have a big impact on everything including research… They've made it quite clear that they're not interested in climate research, which we do a lot of.”
Research grants at UAF
Federal grants pay for a significant part of research on campus. Research makes up about a third of UAF's revenue, according to Hinzman.
“We are dependent on research funding here,” Walsh said, explaining how much funds the university gets in grants versus what it invests. “The university invests a dollar in research and another seven or eight dollars in external [federal] funding comes in.”
Grants are also useful for “visibility” and practical benefits. For example, the State of Alaska uses research from the Institute of Northern Engineering during construction–which gets the university wider attention, according to Walsh.
“We do a lot with trying to integrate research in teaching,” Hinzman said. “A lot of the recent findings, the work that we do, makes it into our educational process so that our students come out right on the forefront of science.”
“UAF is the world's leading institution in the number of annual research publications about the Arctic, but needs to continue to recruit and retain excellent faculty to increase its competitive advantage,” reads the FY16 Financial Review written by the Office of Management and the Budget.
Possible impact
“My feeling is that there are grants that probably are at risk, but we still have a lot of really really good research being done here at UAF,” David Newman said. “People should still be able to get funding.”
Both Hinzman and Walsh that they couldn't think of any researchers in specific who were currently being impacted by lack of grant funding. But dissent was expressed by Newman, who is a professor of physics and member of the nonprofit American Physical Society, which works to spread physics knowledge.
“I certainly would say that there are people who have not put in proposals because of the new administration's thrusts,” Newman said.
Some of UAF's strongest departments, climate and permafrost research, are not looked upon fondly by the new administration. These are the things that could be at risk for funding cuts, Newman said. He also acknowledged that things are still uncertain.
“Nobody has any real idea what is going to happen,” Newman said. “People on [capitol] hill looked, for lack of a better word, kind of shell-shocked.”
Newman went to Washington D.C. on a leadership convocation with the Physical Society. He and other members went visited the offices of congress to talk about science and to ask for more science funding.
Hinzman offered a comparatively optimistic view for grant funding despite the challenges. He said that climate research is still important for the new administration so funding should still increase.
“Things are getting tough and we've lost some really good people, but our research funding continues to increase because our researchers are really entrepreneurial and they're really scrambling to address the challenges that are out there,” Hinzman said.
Hinzman emphasized that that people all over the world benefit from this research, as changes in the Arctic climate influence the rest of the world. Understanding the climate is necessary to prepare and maintain national defense, while businesses are interested in knowing what will happen with their investments in the Arctic.
“We're not gonna stop doing climate research because it is so important,” Hinzman said. “I'm optimistic that our research will increase and we'll continue to grow because there's a lot of research needs out there.”
A future for students
Walsh emphasized that the effects on students are dependent on how long science funding is low.
“We just don't know it's going to be a four year blip or something longer term that would really be a factor to consider if you're young and considering a career in science,” Walsh said.
In UAF's situation, it may be more difficult to get federal funding because good researchers are needed to get funds. If things like Strategic Pathways make the campus less hospitable for researchers, the university would have a harder time getting research dollars, according to Newman.
“Here on campus, education and research are fundamentally intertwined—we can not and should not try to disentangle them,” Newman said.
Censorship of science
Newman described a colleague of his who received a call telling her that she would not be allowed to go to Capitol Hill with the Physical Society even as a private citizen.
The congressional offices wanted the Society to push back against the order because it makes it harder for the offices to gather information, according to Newman.
Under new policies, congressmen can't contact government scientists for data directly. Instead, they're routed to the public affairs office for a specific agency. Those agencies get a statement from scientists, which are then “properly filtered” before being sent on, Newman said.
Even scientists who aren't in government agencies may be less inclined to talk about their research, according to Newman.
“That's a disturbing sign right there,” Walsh said. “The feeling, at least among people that I know at the university, is that if there is any attempt to clamp down on information release we're going to fight tooth and nail to get the truth out there.”
An economic benefit of science funding
An increase in science funding has been correlated with an increase in the nation's Gross Domestic Product, commonly called the GDP, Newman said.
“There is a direct correlation between our national economy and science funding,” Newman said. “Science funding is not throwing money away … [Science] leads to a huge benefit for our economy.”
Routers are your gateway to the internet. As such, it's worth getting to know how your router works a bit better even if you've got one that seems to be pretty reliable.
Changing your wireless router password is a good first step. Not only does it potentially make your connection more secure, but it's also more convenient to make it something you can remember more readily, rather than a string of random letters and numbers. That way, you can easily give it to guests without making them scramble around on the floor to look at the back of the router!
Most of us use the default router provided by our ISP (Internet Service Provider). If that's you, it's worth making sure it's reasonably up to date. And to make sure that you're getting the best value for your internet, be sure to check out our best broadband deals page.
Which password should I change?
One of the key things with a router is security. Some routers from third party manufacturers still ship with default passwords on, usually something like ‘admin'. Note that this isn't the Wi-Fi password to access the network (though you will need that, too). No, instead it's the password that protects the router's settings and configuration.
You really need to change this. Someone would have to connect to your network with your network to log on, but you want to change this password from the default.
Many new routers come not only with unique Wi-Fi passwords but also unique configuration passwords, too, so this isn't such a problem. However, it's worth checking; passwords you need to change will always be something generic such as ‘admin' or the manufacturer's name.
How to change your router's default configuration password
1. The first thing to do is to open your router's configuration page. This will almost certainly be accessed via your web browser providing both you and your router are connected to your network without issue. The address will probably be something like 192.168.1.1 but it could also be a user friendly address like http://routerlogin.net (which is used by Netgear) - check your router's documentation to find this out. Can't access your router at all? You'll need to factory reset it using the button on the router (you may need a paper clip). This is especially the case if it was used by someone else previously and so may no longer have the default settings.
2. If you can't access your router, then go to the Windows Command Prompt by hitting Windows key + R, typing cmd and hitting return. Then when the Command Prompt opens, type ipconfig and press enter. Look for the ‘default gateway' address. This is your router's IP address. Type that into your browser – it will be similar in format to 192.168.2.1. On a Mac? Go to System Preferences > Network. Click the active internet connection (the one showing as green). You'll then see the router address on the right.
3. Next, enter your router's username and password when prompted. Again, this may be something as simple as admin and password. That's why you need to change it. If your password is already unique to you, then you don't need to change it.
4. You'll need to find how to change your password. Usually this will be under some kind of ‘settings' or ‘administration' area of the interface, which is basically like a very simple website.
5. Usually wireless network passwords are more secure because they are usually unique to your network, but you can always change this, too. We'd avoid doing so unless you really need to – look for the ‘Wireless' section of the configuration interface and look for the ‘Password' or ‘Passphrase' box. Note that if you change the password to your wireless network YOU WILL LOSE ACCESS on all your wireless devices and you'll need to reconnect them to the network.
6. Finally, remember that a strong password is at least eight characters long and uses a combination of letters, numbers and ideally symbols, too.
What router should I have?
If it doesn't use the latest 802.11ac wireless standard we'd suggest that maybe it's time to upgrade to a more recent model. The previous ubiquitous standard, 802.11n, is pretty good but 802.11ac will help better alleviate deadspots in your home as well as provide faster and more consistent speeds across your home. Most modern devices support these wireless standards.
If your router is even older – with 802.11g and 802.11b support – then it's definitely time to upgrade as these standards are now very outdated. Head to our run down of the top 10 best wireless routers you can buy.
Note that even the latest routers are backwards compatible with these old standards, so don't panic if you see them referred to on the packaging or specification list for your more modern router.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain's financial watchdog has launched a sweeping crackdown on high-cost credit as part of efforts to protect vulnerable consumers.
Following a wide-ranging review into the sector, the Financial Conduct Authority is proposing reforms to bank overdraft charges, rent-to-own operators, door-step lending and catalogue credit and store cards.
FCA chief executive Andrew Bailey said: "High-cost credit is used by over three million consumers in the UK, some of who are the most vulnerable in society.
"Today we have proposed a significant package of reforms to ensure they are better protected including the possibility of a cap on rent-to-own lending.
"The proposals will benefit overdraft and high-cost credit users, rebalancing in the favour of the customer."
The FCA estimates that banks raked in an estimated £2.3 billion in revenue from overdraft charges in 2016, arguing that the system needs "fundamental reform".
What they're doing about it
The watchdog is considering a number of measures to make it easier for customers to manage their accounts, including mobile alerts warning of potential overdraft charges and stopping the inclusion of overdrafts in the term "available funds".
This is on top of requiring online tools to make the cost of overdrafts clearer, introducing mechanisms to assess the eligibility for overdrafts and making it clear whether overdrafts are credit or borrowing.
Bailey added: "Our immediate proposed changes will make overdraft costs more transparent and prevent people unintentionally dipping in to an overdraft in the first place.
"However, we believe more fundamental change is needed in the way banks charge customers for overdrafts. Given the size of the market our work here will be completed as part of our wider review into retail banking."
The FCA believes that these measures alone will save customers up to £140 million a year.
Overdraft changes
(Image: Getty Images)
On overdrafts, the regulator is looking at brining in changes that would:
Force banks to offer mobile alerts warning of potential overdraft charges
Stop the inclusion of overdrafts in the term ‘available funds'
Require online tools to make the cost of overdrafts clearer
Introduce online tools to assess eligibility for overdrafts and
Make it clear overdrafts are credit or borrowing
Rent-to-own changes
The rent-to-own sector has also come under scrutiny from the watchdog, which found that costs for 400,000 customers who rely on the sector can be exceptionally high.
It cited examples of people having paid over £1,500 for an electric cooker which could be bought on the high street for less than £300.
The FCA is looking at capping prices and will look at how bring one in - hopefully by by April 2019.
It's also looking to ban the sale of extended warranties at point of sale - saving customers £7.7million a year.
Doorstep loans
The FCA plans to introduce new requirements to raise standards in disclosure and sales practices. These will stop home-collected credit firms offering new loans or refinancing during home visits without the customer specifically requesting this.
They will also bring greater controls over refinancing. Changes in this area are estimated to save consumers up to over £34 million a year.
Catalogue credit and store cards
Catalogue credit and store card firms will be forced to do more to help customers avoid persistent debt – the same way as credit card providers have been made to do by the FCA. These changes are estimated to save consumers up to £27.5 million a year.
More help still needed
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
While the changes look like good news, campaigners are asking for more.
“Just last week we revealed that unarranged overdraft charges can still be more than seven times more expensive than a payday loan - it's wrong that the regulator continues to delay taking action, leaving consumers affected by this unfair practice trapped in debt," said Gareth Shaw Which? money expert.
“Last summer, the FCA expressed serious concerns about how unarranged overdrafts work, and now almost a year later it is still refusing to take action. As the FCA continues to drag its heels, the Government must urgently intervene to ensure unarranged overdraft charges are brought into line with arranged overdrafts, to finally help all those struggling from these rip-off fees.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A murder probe has been launched after a 17-year-old boy died in a street attack.
The teenager was attacked in St George's Street, near Northampton town centre, at around 5pm last night and died later from his injuries in hospital.
Police say the teen suffered 'serious neck injuries' but have not yet revealed if a weapon was involved.
Detectives say the attack took place in a busy area and have appealed for any witnesses to come forward.
Det Insp Phil Mills said: "This occurred in a residential area, a number of people would have been in the area at the time.
"We want these witnesses to come forward and contact us with any information they have."
Anyone with information can call police on 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
Blade Runner 2049 is a cinematic matryoshka doll of themes and narratives. It's a tale as old as time, a meditation on what it means to be alive and what makes life meaningful. It's a contemplation of love, faith, hope, despair, everything in between. On its surface, it's an enchanting, meticulously crafted mystery, decrypted by LAPD Officer K (Ryan Gosling), a Blade Runner who saunters the searing landscape of dystopian LA.
As the headline suggests, this article will unpick the Blade Runner 2049 ending, so please beware — heavy spoilers from here on out.
But what about the ending? If what makes us human is the soul, then anyone who isn't moved by the conclusion of Denis Villeneuve's long-awaited cyberpunk sequel may want to consider a retinal scan. #BladeRunner2049 ends poignantly, with Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) reunited with his estranged daughter after a 30 year absence.
The mystery leading up to this conclusion is intertwined with the original Blade Runner, every slow-paced step of the way. Jumping straight into "no way!" revelation territory, during a routine operation, K is revealed as a replicant. After a visit to Sapper Morton (Dave Bautista) — a Nexus-8 model with full life span, who has been in hiding for years — takes a violent turn, K discovers a case hidden beneath a tree in Sapper's garden. In "no way!" revelation number two, the case contains the bones of a woman who died during childbirth, the bones belong to a replicant, the replicant is Rachael. What?!
Following their escape in 2019, Deckard and Rachael conceived a child, despite Rachael being a synthetic. This is potentially catastrophic for society. As Lieutenant Joshi (Robin Wright) says: "The World is built on a wall that separates kind. Tell either side there's no wall... You bought a war." Joshi asks K to keep the discovery secret, and to find the missing child. His task is made difficult after the 2022 blackout destroyed all digital records, paper records have been removed and DNA records manipulated.
A Theme Of Self-Discovery And Humanity
K is resilient. This leads to the underlying theme that explains the significance of the Blade Runner 2049 ending. It begins when K notices the date "6.10.21" engraved on the tree at the burial site. The date is also engraved stamped a toy that features in one of K's "implanted" memories. Believing these two events to be too serendipitous to ignore, K begins his own personal voyage of self-discovery, when he finds evidence that he is the missing half-replicant, half-human son.
To find the source of his particularly visceral memory, K tracks down memory maker Dr. Ana Stelline (Carla Juri). Ana has been isolated in the facility since she was 8 years old, and is regarded as one of the best in her field of work. Her brilliance at memory creation is a byproduct of her own desire to see the world. When Ana checks K's memory, she confirms through a veil of tears that it isn't fabricated in a facility — it happened for real.
At this point, Blade Runner 2049 transforms from a detective conundrum into a poetically apt sequel; a story about a son trying to find his father. Having returned to the orphanage — spurred on by the support of his virtual reality girlfriend, Joi (Ana de Armas) — K discovers the toy and tracks its original location using toxicity tests, leading him to Deckard's location. The pair initially fight, but decide to call a truce, have a drink, and talk about events occurring shortly after #BladeRunner.
A Heartbreaking Conclusion For K
This isn't a fairytale ending, though. The revelation that replicants can replicate has sparked interest in different parties for different reasons. By 2049, Niander Wallace (Jared Leto) has become the new demigod of replicants, having bought out the Tyrell Corporation. He rues that fact Tyrell created older Nexus models that could procreate, as he's unable to do so himself. Motivated by power, he assigns his right hand replicant, Luv (Sylvia Hoeks), the mission of tracking the missing child.
The other party with a vested interest are led by a replicant named Freysa (Hiam Abbass), the same woman photographed with the child. Unlike Luv, Freysa knows the whereabouts of the child. She plans to lead a revolution, waiting for the right time to reveal the half-synthetic, half-human offspring as a bargaining chip to give replicants equal standing with humans. She believes that the child's birth "meant we are much more than slaves, we are our own masters." Her motivation is freedom.
Having tracked the location, Luv gatecrashes, kidnapping Deckard and injuring K. After she leaves with Deckard held hostage, Freysa arrives to pick up the pieces, thanks to a tracking device planted by Mariette (Mackenzie Davis). And here comes the real gut-punch — K isn't the child. Freysa tells him that the child was a daughter, revealing that the memory, though real, was implanted. She offers K the chance to be part of the revolution by finding Deckard and killing him, to prevent Wallace discovering the daughter.
K and Deckard try to avoid capture in 'Blade Runner 2049' [Credit: Warner Bros.]
Meanwhile, Deckard is being mentally tortured by Wallace. He uses a clone of Rachael to try and unravel his defense mechanism, to give clues to his daughter's location. Despite Deckard's lack of knowledge, Wallace promises to break Deckard down. While being transported to a secure location by Luv, their spinner is attacked, riddled with bullets and crashes into the water below. K has found them.
K kills Luv and saves Deckard. In gut-punch number "I-don't-know-lost-count-by-now," when Deckard tells him he should've let him die, K responds: "You did, back there, you drowned. Now you can see your daughter." If authorities believe Deckard died in the accident, they'll no longer search for him, and he'll be free from the threat of capture for the first time in decades, and free to be reunited with his daughter. K made his choice.
The 'Blade Runner 2049' Ending Explained
If you felt shell-shocked by the ending of Blade Runner 2049, you're not alone. Beneath the thick layer of dystopian dust, the core message is that of life, and love, and what it means to be human. K (or by his human name, Joe), is the personification of this message. We see the agonizing emotional journey he goes through, his quiet yearning to be considered human. His intuition tells him there's more to life, despite even his closest ally, Lieutenant Joshi, telling him he doesn't have a soul.
Viewed through this perspective, K's actions take on new meaning. With support from his girlfriend Joi, he begins to build his humanity. He shows signs of spirit, a subconscious, a tether between something more meaningful and the material world — the exact ingredients that make us human, beyond the mathematical, analytical functions that artificial intelligence is designed replicate. Even after being told he isn't the half-human son, K's purpose is overpowering, his "soul," he realizes, was there all along.
"Tell either side there's no wall... You bought a war"
This instinctive notion of love and compassion inspires him to go against the replicant revolution and to help Deckard find his daughter. Freysa told him the most human thing to do is to die for a cause worth fighting for, and that's exactly what he did. When Deckard asks him why, his smile is telling; he felt human by helping. Compassion is ultimately humanity's defining factor, the golden nugget that helps societies thrive. K's behavior proves something beyond the ability for replicants to procreate — by being capable of altruistic acts (the foundation of most ethical codes), they're "human" by nature.
A final word on Ana, and how her role also oozes humanity. Her tears while seeing K's memory suggests she knew of her heritage, that she remembers that moment. She tells K that authentic memories lead to human responses. Despite it being illegal to use real memories, she's presumably implanted them anyway in an attempt to bridge the gap between humans and replicants, to make them more real, to give them a soul.
There's something equally hopeful and tragic about her final moments. As snow falls heavily outside, and K takes his final breath having completed his mission, Ana is inside, creating snow in the facility. "It's beautiful," she says, unaware that just meters away, the snow is real. Living her life vicariously through implanting memories in others, the daughter of Deckard and Rachael has fittingly played her part in erasing the barrier between human and replicant.
Joshi was wrong. There was never a wall to begin with.
Did you enjoy the ending of Blade Runner 2049? Are there any unanswered questions you have?
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
What would you be willing to do to save the library service in your village?
This was the question posed to a group of Long Ashton residents at a meeting last night (Monday, April 23).
It comes as North Somerset Council has announced a review of frontline library services which could see the Long Ashton library close its doors for good.
As a result the authority's libraries manager Andy Brisley was invited to explain the situation to residents at the annual meeting of Long Ashton Parish Council.
The message was a stark one - what with continuing budget cuts and an expensive building lease (£14,000 a year) - it was unlikely that the library would continue in its Lovelinch Gardens premises where it has been for nearly 50 years.
Speaking at the meeting, Mr Brisley told residents: “I don't want to have to tell you that but in my heart of hearts that's probably going to happen.”
Mr Brisley held no punches when he informed residents about the challenges he faces, not just in Long Ashton, but across the entire region.
“Ten years ago I had a budget of £3.1million. This year I was given £1.6million to deliver basically the same service,” he told the meeting.
“You can only imagine the cutbacks I have had to make and this year we have had to go over the edge and we find ourselves in a much more serious financial situation as a library service.”
North Somerset Council has already announced that it needs to save another quarter of a million pounds within the library budget over the next two years.
This is on top of the £250,000 saved last year thanks to a staff restructure as well as the money saved when the libraries in Pill, Worle and Yatton were integrated with children's centres.
(Image: GeorgeRudy)
The need to cut costs is even more prevalent in Long Ashton where an expensive lease and crippling maintenance costs are draining most of the budget.
During last night's meeting Mr Brisley told residents that it cost £55,000 a year to run the library service in Long Ashton and that in the current financial climate it is no longer viable in its current format.
Part of the problem is that the council does not own the building in Lovelinch Gardens but lease it from a Northern Irish company for £14,000 a year.
This is a huge amount compared to the library in Pill which is free for the council to use as it is owned by Alliance Housing. And in Winscombe North Somerset pays just £10 a year in ground rent thanks to a deal between the council and the Cooperative society.
Mr Brisley told the meeting that there was a £60,000 backlog of maintenance repairs on the building. And this is in addition to the £10,500 the council has just spent replacing the electrical switchgear in the building.
And residents were warned that this was just the start of the maintenance repairs needed to keep the building up to scratch.
“If I'm honest we need to rewire the entire building, replace the heating and install new electrics throughout,” added Mr Brisley.
“So we have to ask ourselves is that the most appropriate building for us to remain in?”
And with the ten year lease on the building having come to an end last year North Somerset has said this is now the time to look at the best way to provide a library service in Long Ashton.
Currently the council is looking at three main options - but have said they would be open to any viable solutions which would keep a library service in Long Ashton.
The first, described as the nuclear option, would see the Long Ashton Library close completely. Limited outreach services would continue to be delivered to the housebound and “other key client groups”.
North Somerset has said this is not the option it wants as it recognises the need to maintain some form of library provision in Long Ashton.
The second option is a mobile library service which would potentially consist of two half day visits to the village every week. It would be provided alongside a mix of outreach activities and a pop-up library - which could be located in a community cafe once a week.
The third option, which the council has said is the most preferable, is relocating the library to a shared premise or community space within the village.
However this option is reliant on a business or community group coming forward with enough volunteers and money in order to make the service a success.
With the message to residents sounding pretty dire the North Somerset Council representatives said it was now time to see what people would like to see in Long Ashton but also what they would be willing to help provide for the village.
Some residents asked whether the parish council could take on the running of the library service in partnership with North Somerset.
And although the parish council said this was an option they would be willing to explore, members were clear that it would come at a “significant cost” to the taxpayer.
Parish Council chairman Andrew Wilkinson told the meeting that a working group had already been set up in order to explore options to save the library.
“If we take this on there is a significant upfront cost which we have no budget for,” he added.
“In order to do this we would need to show a serious level of engagement from the public of around 30 to 40 volunteers.
“Because if we were to take on that upfront cost and then don't get the engagement that money would be wasted.”
During the meeting residents were told that part of that cost would likely be covered by a “noticeable increase” in council tax next year.
Set at nearly £60 for the average Band D property Long Ashton is currently the second lowest in North Somerset - but residents were warned this was likely to change.
And while some residents at the meeting welcomed the opportunity to pay more council tax to ensure a static library service is maintained within the village - they were also aware this may not be a popular choice for all residents.
Which brings us back to that £55,000 question - what would you be willing to do to keep a library service in Long Ashton?
The library is not likely to close for another six to nine months while a public consultation is carried out and various options are explored.
So for now all residents are being asked to do is show an interest in keeping the library open by either signing up as a volunteer with the parish council or helping to find a business or premises that could be used as a shared service.
All the while keeping in mind that if you want a library service in Long Ashton you will probably have to be willing to pay for it.
What a difference a week can make…
Last week, global stock markets looked set for a 10–15% stock market correction.
Trump's election promises — which drove the latest stock market rally — were running out of steam.
Paul Ryan, current Speaker of the US House of Representatives, said lawmakers wouldn't repeal and replace Obamacare until March or April.
That's a pity…
Obamacare, which has doubled healthcare costs for many US citizens, is a terribly flawed policy. Getting rid of it would put more dollars in the Average Joe's pocket, which should stimulate the US' consumer driven economy.
Trump also announced a US$1 trillion infrastructure program to rebuild America and ‘make it great again'. That sent commodities — namely copper and iron ore — through the roof. Unfortunately, Paul Ryan said lawmakers wouldn't discuss infrastructure until the US spring (autumn in Australia).
Healthcare is the main priority…and we know that's delayed.
Finally, Trump announced his plans to cut corporate taxes from 35% to 15%. That's great news for corporate earnings. Stocks rocketed when Trump made it into the White House. Unfortunately, discussing the potential policy delays, Reuters reported on 28 January:
‘When it comes to tax reform, senior congressional aides said the spring of 2018 might be a more likely time than this year for the passage of legislation.'
Indeed, with the trifecta of election promises running out of steam, the investment thesis of ‘buy stocks because everything is great' was coming undone. A 10–15% stock market correction was looming, which I'd expect to start this week.
That outlook has changed. On Thursday night, Donald Trump saved the day for stocks…at least temporarily.
I'll explain…
Aussie Dollar Crash 2017 Download your free report now and discover why our currency could be headed below 50 US cents…what the dollar crash could mean for you…and what you could do today to protect yourself from the fallout. Simply enter your email address in the box below and click ‘Claim My Free Report'. Plus… you'll receive a free subscription to The Daily Reckoning. We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can cancel your subscription at any time.
Buy the rumour…
First, we question: Is ‘The Donald' reading The Daily Reckoning?!
OK, we joke. But, as markets were showing signs of technical weakness — trading volumes not corresponding to price movements — it seems a coincidence that his ‘election promises' were running out of steam…exactly when a new a policy was floated on Thursday night.
CNBC reported on 9 February (my emphasis added):
‘President Donald Trump, facing doubts about the speed of his promised tax reform, said Thursday he will announce a plan in a few weeks. ‘In a meeting with U.S. airline executives, Trump spoke again on removing regulations for American businesses. ‘“Lowering the overall tax burden on American business is big league…that's coming along very well. We're way ahead of schedule, I believe. And we're going to announce something I would say over the next two or three weeks that will be phenomenal in terms of tax,” Trump said. ‘In a press briefing on Thursday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters that Trump realizes middle-class Americans need tax relief and that the U.S. needs “fundamental comprehensive tax reform.” ‘The president also wants to create a tax plan that keeps jobs here, and incentivize companies to grow and come here, Spicer said.'
As soon as the news broke, we knew that stocks would fly higher. That's precisely what happened. Have a look at the Dow Jones chart below:
Source: Tradingview.com; Resource Speculator
[Click to enlarge]
Interestingly, the top blue uptrend line picked the market high on Friday. It broke out above that level last night to retest the pink projection line, closing at 20,412 points. The lower blue line is the exact parallel, and should act as support in the future. Support simply refers to a ‘sticky point' level at which the market find it difficult to move below. A closing below the 19,950 zones on a daily basis may suggest a correction.
The top black uptrend line has acted as resistance for most of the ‘Trump rally'. Similar to support levels, resistance levels refer to the point level at which the market finds it difficult to move above.
The Dow Jones broke through this technical resistance on Friday. The lower black line is the exact parallel, and has acted as the main support in the past. The Dow Jones bounced off this support on 19 January, before moving back to the top of the channel. Looking ahead, the 19,800-point level shows important support. A daily closing below that level should confirm a correction.
The pink line is the projection of the current rally. The Dow Jones is still eyeing off the 20,500–20,600-point level. That could get hit this week…or in the fortnight ahead. Remember, Trump said: ‘We're going to announce something I would say over the next two or three weeks that will be phenomenal in terms of tax.'
Don't ignore that statement.
The US stock market could rally into the next couple of weeks in anticipation of exceptional news. That's exactly what happened following the US election. If that happens, the Aussie market is likely to follow, moving higher.
Don't get carried away with the trend
Of course, while Trump's words may engineer another rally, this is just a rumour at the end of the day.
And all rumours eventually fizzle out. That's why traders ‘buy the rumour and sell the news'.
CNBC reported on 10 February (my emphasis added):
‘Americans will likely have to file their taxes before they see President Donald Trump's tax plan passed. ‘Trump on Thursday told airline executives he will announce something “over the next two or three weeks that will be phenomenal in terms of tax.” The statement helped to boost stocks because the prospect of lower taxes has fuelled hopes for rising corporate profits. Optimism about tax reform had waned in the early days of his presidency as Trump focused on other actions like immigration. ‘Still, those hoping for tax reform will likely have to wait months, at least, for it to get done. Due to the congressional budget process and political realities, Trump may not sign tax policy into law until late this year or even next year, experts said.'
The reality is that a 10–15% stock market correction — both in the US and here in Australia — still looms in the short term, as a result of the inevitability of delays to Trump's proposed policies. So, while there are a few bucks left in this trade, the big money should still be made either:
On the short side during the next correction (i.e. punting on the market falling) Buying the best stocks during the next correction
Trump has merely kicked the can down the road for a few weeks. In other words, the potential of a stock market correction looks high in March .
In the meantime, as stocks continue rallying, expect gold to pull back. Remember, there's no reason to buy gold when punters are confident about economic conditions.
Gold and stocks are likely to do the opposite during the next couple of weeks…and during March. In that case, if gold pulls back in the fortnight ahead, you may want to look to buy gold explorers with the most near-term potential. When stocks start to pull back, investors are likely to back the stocks with the most potential.
However, despite an impending correction, the stock bull market isn't close to being over. Remember, corrections are a healthy part of bull markets, and they provide tremendous buying opportunities.
Regards,
Jason Stevenson,
Editor, The Daily Reckoning
A NIMBIN lane boy sentenced for drug supply in Lismore Local Court yesterday is expected to face a seven month jail sentence but may be granted home detention.
Rye Lewis Levy, 38, was one of three men sentenced yesterday after their matters were adjourned at a mass local court sentencing late last month.
Levy had pleaded guilty to taking part in the supply of a prohibited drug.
Magistrate R Denes indicated Levy would be sentenced to seven months in jail but requested Levy be assessed for home detention.
The court will make a final ruling on September 25.
The second Nimbin man sentenced yesterday, 24-year-old Jake Dillon Carl Stanton, received a nine month suspended sentence for taking part in the supply of prohibited drugs.
The third man, Joseph Walkenshaw Hunter, 24, received a seven month suspended sentence for the same conviction.
Six remaining men are still awaiting sentencing over their role in the supply of cannabis in Nimbin's Rainbow Lane.
They are all scheduled to hear their fate on August 31 in Lismore Local Court.
On July 27 seven men were handed custodial jail sentences and 11 were granted suspended sentences over their involvement as 'lane boys', which police documented on camera over several months last year.
The seven men are currently on bail and awaiting appeal hearings, which are expected early next month in Lismore District Court.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Meghan Markle will be attending Pippa Middleton's wedding to hedge fund boss James Matthews after all, according to US reports.
Last month it was widely reported that Prince Harry's girlfriend wouldn't be at Pippa and James' big day due to Kate's sister's ‘no ring, no bring' rule, which bans anyone who isn't engaged or married to a guest from attending.
However, People magazine reports the Suits actress has been invited to the reception at St. Mark's church on May 20, but not the ceremony.
If Meghan has received an invite to the reception, it's a clear indication her relationship with Harry is becoming more and more serious.
(Photo: PA)
Meanwhile, the royal recently said he would “love” to have children.
Speaking with The Telegraph as part of the publication's Mad World podcast, he said: “I, of course, I would love to have kids.”
And Harry has revealed being uncle to his brother Prince William's children Prince George, three, and 23-month-old Princess Charlotte, as well as his godfather duties, has given him practice when dealing with children.
(Photo: Rex)
He explained: “Yeah, I'm a godfather to quite a few of my friends' [kids] … actually only five or six.
“I'd like to think so [he is a good godfather]. But I think the key to that is to grow up, but also to be able to stay in touch with your childhood side. If that means going to someone's house and sitting there and playing Play Station and kicking the ass of their son on [video games] or whatever it is, then I'll try and do that. I've actually had a lot of practice for that.”
(Photo: Getty Images Portrait)
Harry and the Meghan are said to be "deeply happy" in their relationship, regardless of their busy schedules, which sees the actress film for the popular series in Canada whilst Harry remains in England.
Speaking previously about the couple and their romance, a source said: "Despite the distance, the media attention and everything else, there's a real ease to their relationship. It just works. They are deeply happy."
However, when the pair is together they enjoy spending as much quality time together as they can.
A separate source recently shared: "They spend a lot of time watching movies at Harry's and cooking new dishes. Meg is a great cook and sends Harry out to posh food shops. She has even added a few feminine touches such as scented candles and soft furnishings."
A Heritage High School student is being credited with saving the lives of three men.
On July 14, 2016, three men were on a small fishing boat on Wixom Lake when high winds kicked up and capsized their boat. The men were floating away from their capsized boat when Cade Beall noticed the men and rushed out on a jet ski to help.
Cade, who was at the lake visiting his grandmother, rescued all three men.
If not for Cade's actions, the Gratiot County Sheriff's said he men would have struggled to stay above water and ultimately drowned.
On August 12, Sheriff Mike Shea recognized Cade at the Wixom Lake Association's annual meeting.
The Gladwin County Sheriff's Office posted a picture of Sheriff Mike Shea, Cade Beall and one of the rescued men, Bob Schneider of Shields, on their Facebook page.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
KINGS 4, WILD 3, OT.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Jeff Carter scored his second goal of the game with 33.8 seconds left on the clock in overtime and Los Angeles recovered after giving up a two-goal lead.
Tanner Pearson and Dustin Brown also scored for Los Angeles, which has alternated wins and losses over its past nine games. The Kings pulled into a tie with Anaheim for third place in the Pacific Division with 86 points, and hold the tiebreaker over the Ducks.
Jonathan Quick made 24 saves for the Kings, who appeared headed to a second straight loss until Brown tipped home a point shot from Drew Doughty with 46.5 seconds left in regulation. Doughty finished with three assists.
Joel Eriksson Ek scored for the first time in 13 games with 2:31 left to give Minnesota the lead after trailing 2-0. Eric Staal added his 39th and Zach Parise had his second goal in three games for the Wild.
Devan Dubnyk stopped 26 shots for Minnesota, which is in third in the Central Division, four points ahead of Colorado.
PANTHERS 2, CANADIENS 0
MONTREAL (AP) — Roberto Luongo stopped 28 shots for his third shutout of the season and 76th of his career to lead Florida.
Aaron Ekblad and Aleksander Barkov scored to help the Panthers inch closer to a playoff position, pulling three points behind idle new Jersey for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference. Florida has two games in hand on the Devils.
Antti Niemi finished with 38 saves for Montreal, which was shut out for the second straight game and 12th time this season — including three against the Panthers. The Canadiens were coming off a 4-0 loss at Toronto on Saturday.
COYOTES 5, FLAMES 2
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — Oliver Ekman-Larsson scored twice late in the third period to lead Arizona.
Max Domi also had two goals for Arizona, including an empty-netter with 21 seconds left, and had an assist on Ekman-Larsson's tiebreaking goal. Richard Panik scored early in the second period for the Coyotes, and Antti Raanta stopped 42 shots.
Dougie Hamilton had a goal and an assist, and Sean Monahan also scored as Calgary lost for the fourth time in five games. Mike Smith finished with 25 saves.
Domi stole a pass in the Calgary zone and beat Smith to tie the score at 2-2 with about 2 1/2 minutes left in the second period.
Both teams missed several scoring chances in the third period until Ekman-Larsson put the Coyotes ahead with 3:41 remaining with his 100th career goal. He then had an empty-netter 2:04 later for his 13th of the season to double the lead.
By The Associated Press
Ronny Jackson's VA Nomination Hearing In Jeopardy Amid 'Serious Allegations'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Brandon/AP Alex Brandon/AP
Adm. Ronny Jackson's nomination to become secretary of veterans affairs appears to be in limbo amid what one key lawmaker tells NPR's Morning Edition are "serious" but "unsubstantiated allegations."
The comments by Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., come a day before Jackson's planned nomination hearing before the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs. It was not clear if the hearing would go ahead as scheduled.
The senator declined to comment on the nature of the allegations against Jackson.
"We have been given a brief sketch of what they [the allegations] are, but I'd prefer not to discuss them at this time," Rounds tells NPR.
Rounds said that he and other members of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, had received a phone call from Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., over the weekend advising them "that he was in consultation with the White House and that he would let us know sometime during the early part of the week what the plans are going forward."
"The chairman is aware of [the allegations]. He's discussed them with the White House," Rounds said. "It's really up to the chairman as to what the next step would be — whether we continue on with the nomination process or if we hold up long enough to allow this to be vetted more fully before we bring it before the committee."
Rounds added: "These are serious allegations, and they are ones we'd certainly want to get through."
Jackson currently serves as White House physician. He defused doubts about the health and fitness of President Trump in January, describing his medical condition in excessively glowing terms. Jackson is a former combat surgeon who served with Navy bomb disposal units and instructed underwater salvage teams.
Trump picked Jackson to succeed David Shulkin, who was forced to resign as VA secretary after an inspector general's report uncovered inappropriate expenses.
"Some Republican colleagues have told me that they think the hearing should be postponed, which certainly deserves consideration," Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., who is also a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, told The Associated Press.
"I think there may well be a need for more time, in fairness to Adm. Jackson, so he and the administration have an opportunity to answer these questions fully and fairly," Blumenthal said.
News of the postponement came a day after CIA Director Mike Pompeo, another Trump nominee who appeared in peril, was set on a glide path to approval as secretary of state clearing a key Senate committee.
Here are the questions to ask your SEO company to will give you a better understanding of its strategy before hiring it (or considering tossing it to the curb).
Your business is your baby. Whether you own the company or are a marketer tasked with growing the business, organic traffic from Google is crucial to drive more leads and sales to keep your sales funnel full.
Hiring an SEO company can be one of the biggest marketing decisions for your business. If you find the right firm, over time, it can catapult you onto the first page of Google, which will drive some of the most profitable traffic to your site. The reason I mentioned "profitable traffic" is because when you earn top placement on Google, you don't have to pay for this traffic since it is "earned" so your profit margins are fantastic.
If you hire the wrong SEO company it can set you back and do more harm than good. I've personally worked with a lot of companies that left their SEO company because they weren't seeing results or dropped off of Google. After doing an audit, I was able to realize there were low quality links being built to the site, which resulted in a penalty, or there was no strategy or implementation yielding results.
Whether you want to hire an SEO company or are second guessing your current SEO company, use the questions below to make sure it is on the right track.
1. How long will it take to rank on Google?
This is a trick question. Any SEO company that responds with, "We'll be able to get your business to rank within one to two months" is full of crap.
I apologize for being so blunt. It is these types of SEO companies that give a bad name to the entire industry.
Sure, there are on-site adjustments that can be made to a site that already has a solid domain authority and backlink profile that can move a website onto the first page of Google. There is no guarantee though and nobody should be able to give you a response to this question without doing some research.
A confident and established SEO company will research your company and provide an estimate based on competitiveness and strategy but will not guarantee first page results in a certain amount of time.
Related: To Create an SEO Strategy, You'll Have to Be Patient
2. What is the strategy for backlinks?
It amazes me how many businesses don't have a backlink strategy.
Backlinks are the foundation to Google's algorithm. If you don't have quality backlinks to your site, it'll be tough to increase your rank on Google. You'll want to measure your domain authority versus your competitors, which is a great indicator to see how well you'll rank on Google and also how far you need to go for that top placement. You can also view "recently discovered links" on Moz to see the links that are pointing to your site.
If you don't have any new links pointing to your site, this likely means there is no proactive measure taking place in this area.
If the SEO company says it is building backlinks to your site, ask them for the backlink profile so you can see all of the links to make sure they are legitimate.
Related: How to Build SEO Backlinks: A Beginners Guide
3. Is there on-site optimization that will take place?
The user experience of your website is an important factor for Google. Are people staying on your site for a long time and having a good experience? Or is there a high bounce rate?
Our digital agency loves looking at Google Analytics at the 100 most visited pages of your site and discovering which pages have the highest bounce rate. We will help to figure out ways to fix these pages (or redirect them to more relevant pages, if they serve no purpose).
When looking for a solid SEO company, make sure it is always looking for ways to improve the pages throughout your website. Like I've mentioned, SEO is an ongoing process, so these types of projects should be continuous.
Related: How Long Does it Take to Become a Top Ranked Result on Google? (Infographic)
4. What is the local SEO strategy?
What percentage of your business takes place in your local market? If you get a good chunk of your clients or services in your local market, your website should be optimized within this local market. Ask the following questions:
Has my business been submitted to a local directory? (Moz Local is a great directory.)
Are my title tags optimized for my local market? (If the majority of your business comes from local, this is very important.)
Is your NAP (name, address and phone number) consistent throughout your site and throughout local directories?
Are you listed on "best of" directories in your home market? (Tip: Do a Google search to find the "best of" lists and make sure your business is added onto these. Sometimes, there will be a payment required for this but it can be worth it)
Related: The Complete Guide to Dominating Local Search Optimization in 2018
5. How will reporting be presented to showcase progress?
Moz is a great software for SEO beginners which will track your keyword rankings on Google.
Before starting with an SEO company, make sure there is a list of relevant keywords compiled. This initial keyword list will be the benchmark for the progress made over time. If you start in the No. 40 position on Google for "Cleveland dentist," obviously, over time you will want to see progress made as you try and climb onto the first page.
Make sure this keyword list isn't overly complicated. I feel this is a major issue a lot of SEO companies make. They make the reporting so confusing that no business owner will actually understand what the metrics mean. We like to compile a list of the "20 most relevant keywords" for the business owner or marketer to keep tabs on.
Related: 10 Fundamentals to Understanding SEO
6. How much time will you spend understanding our business?
In order for SEO to be successful, you need to truly understand the business you are working with, otherwise Google won't understand it.
We worked with a law firm that had previously worked with a PPC company that was allocating 80 percent of its advertising budget to "workers compensation law" yet workers compensation only accounted for 15 percent of the law firms revenue. If your SEO company doesn't understand which markets, services and products are driving revenue, your entire strategy can be misaligned.
I recommend every SEO agency and the company it works with meet for at least 90 minutes before talking about SEO to just go over the business principles.
Related: Your SEO Checklist: 4 Steps to Optimizing Your Website
7. Is there keyword research taking place?
Our agency is located in Columbus, Ohio. There is nearly four times as much search volume for the term, "Columbus digital marketing agency" versus "Columbus digital marketing company."
Your SEO agency should be able to present the most popular keyword variations for your homepage and interior pages that can drive more traffic to your site.
Quick tip: If you do a Google search and scroll to the bottom of the first page, there are "related search terms" that Google will find. These are great keyword variations to include on your site. Ask your SEO company whether it is using this free method or a free tool like SEM Rush to find relevant keywords that can convert for your business.
Related: SEO 2018: 15 Rules for Dominating Online Search Results
8. What's the blog strategy?
While a lot of SEO companies can write generic blogs, you need to ask yourself this key questions: "What relevance are these blogs serving on my site and for my business?"
We hear from business owners all the time, "I heard blogging is important to Google." Yes, blogs are helpful -- if the content is driving relevant traffic for your business that can result in new business or just better informing your audience. For your blog, you should focus on questions that your customers might have that wouldn't be covered on your site elsewhere.
While a lot of SEO companies compete for the term "SEO company," there is less competition for the term, "question to ask your SEO company before hiring them. Even though readers might be earlier in the sales cycle when searching for this longer tailed query, their intent is still high. Additionally, you have the opportunity to rank not just in your local market but nationwide for search terms that don't get as much volume.
Don't blog just to say you blog. Make sure it has a relevant purpose for your business.
Related: 3 Reasons Why Your Blog Sucks
9. Do you have three references I can reach out to?
Any SEO company will have a reference it can provide you with. A more established SEO company will have at least three references that can talk about the success their company had working with the firm.
Also, don't forget to conduct a simple Google search to see if the SEO company you are about to work with ranks in its local market. If not, ask why it doesn't practice what it preaches.
Related: The 7 Most Common Concerns of SEO Newcomers
SEO is a giant puzzle.
A good SEO company will help put all of the pieces together for your SEO puzzle, which can make a big difference in terms of where you rank on Google. It will also help you understand what is taking place with your SEO strategy because it isn't that confusing (although many SEO companies try and make it sound more complex than it is).
Now you have nine questions to ask your SEO company (perspective or current) that will give you a better understanding of its strategy before hiring it (or considering tossing it to the curb).
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Miranda Hart fans have been left disappointed and frustrated after buying tickets to see her in a West End production of Annie only to be told she has pulled out sick right before the curtain goes up.
The 44-year-old actress is playing Miss Hannigan in the Nikolai Foster directed revival of the beloved musical.
A throat infection has been knocking the Call The Midwife star out of action - but some fans have been far from sympathetic.
Many have taken to Twitter to slam the star after they travelled hundred of miles and spent considerable amounts on tickets just to see Miranda in action only to learn she has pulled out just as the show is about to start.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
(Image: Rex Features)
Miranda has failed to make it to a performance since 7 August - with one fan tweeting: "Oh no, Miranda Hart is ill. One gutted niece and I'm sure she's not the only one. #annie”.
Some fans have been angered after discovering Miranda won't perform minutes AFTER the show was due to begin.
One fan wrote an update saying: "Same happened to us on 10 August so it looks like they are doing this a lot and if she's struggling to do this role they should be honest. We waited for 3 pm matinee to be told at 3.10pm she was unable to perform."
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
Evening performances have also been struck with disappointment, with one update on social media revealing: "I went last night and it was absolutely spot on! BUT Miranda hart wasn't there, after waiting until 7.50pm they announced she had been taken sick......really really disappointed as we specifically booked for the date so we could see her in action."
Some fans of the actress have been angered there hasn't been more warning about her illness - with one asking on Twitter: "Just seen Annie but upset that @mermhart wasn't there. As she hasn't been there for a while it would of been nice to be told before hand!”
"Took daughter to see u in Annie as huge fan. Very very disappointed you are not doing Matinee. Tickes sold under false pretence," another raged at the actress.
A further fan complained of travelling hundreds of miles only to be met with disappointment.
"Had 2 very upset girls today came to see their fav.Only 250miles and no sign,” the crushed fan tweeted.
Another expressed frustrating at seeing the show without a high profile star, tweeting: "So disappointed to pay £75 a ticket to see Miranda Hart in #Annie and end up just seeing Annie. A good show but not West End without a star.”
Another fan accused Miranda of pulling out of the show without any form of notification, tweeting at the star: "I just want you to know how disappointed I was yesterday,on March the 10th we booked to see you in annie. and you didn't turn up!”
(Image: BBC)
(Image: PA)
However some defensive fans have been sticking up for the actress, with one blasting back at critics: "people can't help being ill it's just one of those things. You should be saying hope you're feeling better soon!"
A spokesperson for the show has confirmed to Mirror Online that Miranda hopes to be back on stage this week after being advised to avoid performances due to illness.
"Following a consultation with her doctor it would appear that Miranda is suffering from an on-going throat infection and as a result she is not able to perform tonight (14 August 2017),” the spokesperson said.
"As Annie does not play Tuesdays, she is very much hoping that she will be back for her next scheduled performance on Wednesday (15 August 2017),” they added.
(Image: BBC)
It is not the first time Miranda has been forced to pull out of performing due to illness.
Earlier this year it was revealed that illness forced the actress to drop out of series six of Call The Midwife.
Explaining her exit from the show while doing some stand up back in February, Miranda revealed her ill health had robbed her of the ability to exercise
"I don't feel myself at the moment, because I was ill last year and I wasn't able to exercise,” she said at the time.
"It's important for political issues, it's important for human issues," said Roman, a university student studying political science. "All the people are respectful."
Living close to the U.S. border, she said she has been taunted by Americans who make fun of her accent. In Canada, she said, people either try to learn Spanish or help if she makes a grammatical error.
"Everybody is so kind," she said.
She actually watched a Canadian boy and Mexican girl having a conversation, where neither could speak a word of the other's language yet, somehow, made themselves understood.
It's the language of art, she said, that is what brings everyone together.
"So much (communication) is non-lingual," she added.
Sixteen-year-old Ben Travis-Miller lives in Oakville and will enter a performing arts high school this fall. Like Roman, he has discovered there are few differences between Mexican and Canadian kids.
"We even tell the same jokes," he said.
Travis-Miller, who hopes for a career in performing arts, is particularly thrilled to be touring with the Mexican kids.
"I'm super excited, it's so cool to be involved," he said. "So far, it's been really interesting to be in a situation where English is not the language of the majority (of the group). I know some basic Spanish."
Sadlier said much of the success of their program in Mexico can be traced to the relationship he and Hannah have built with the families, because they spend so much time in Mexico.
"Our network of parents and teachers has really strengthened," he said. "That has been the key, to be part of the family, they let you into their lives and their world."
The tour group will be spending time sharing music around Ontario, including with First Nations youth performers near Bancroft, a project the Sadliers say will hopefully be the first of many as the Mexican kids get in touch with their Aztec and Mayan ancestry.
The group will also perform at Kultrün, a free world music festival which runs July 14 and 15 in Kitchener's Victoria Park. As well, their tour takes them to Stratford, Toronto, the Haliburton Highlands, Belleville and Orillia.
"Then we're going to Ottawa to perform at ByWard Market," he said proudly. "We're taking them over to Hull so they can have poutine, and they want to practise their French."
vhill@therecord.com, Twitter: @HillRecord
vhill@therecord.com , Twitter: @HillRecord
Selena and The Weeknd make it Instagram official!
The Weeknd and Bella Hadid look happy on the red
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Smitten Selena Gomez shelled out $30,000 on a birthday party for new boyfriend The Weeknd .
The singer happily picked up the table for her new beau's party to mark his upcoming 27th birthday on February 16.
The surprise party - which was held at Dave & Buster's in Hollywood - was attended by the Canadian artist's pals including French Montana, Big Sean and 2 Chainz.
The group had exclusive access to the venue from 11pm until the early hours of the morning but Selena was unable to make the event as she was in NY for New York Fashion Week, TMZ reports.
(Photo: Splash News)
Whilst 24-year-old Selena was unable to attend the party, she and The Weeknd - real name Abel Tesfaye - spent some time together on a romantic yacht trip over the weekend.
A source said: "Selena looked happy and in a romantic mood. The Weeknd looked happy and very amorous. They were very intimate and looked very much in love."
(Photo: Splash News)
Whilst another insider added: "They are falling for each other. He has told [Selena] how much he cares for her.
"[They have a] crazy connection. Selena feel really confident. Abel is proud to have Selena by his side ...
"He really likes her. They text every day. They have a really sexy and flirty relationship. They laugh and like each others personalities. As of now, they are just having fun and enjoying each other.
(Photo: Instagram)
"She is happy and doesn't mind sharing that with the world. Abel makes her feel secure and Selena has nothing to hide. Selena gets passionate about things real fast and that is exactly what she is doing with The Weeknd."
The pair first fuelled speculation they were dating after they were seen kissing outside Giorgio Baldi restaurant in Santa Monica last month.
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals has announced a dividend of 75%, its highest so far. Photo: Mint
Ahmedabad: Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals (GNFC), a joint sector enterprise promoted by the government of Gujarat and Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd (GSFC), on Tuesday said it has posted a net profit of Rs329 crore for the quarter ended March 2018.
This is a rise of 41% from the Rs238 crore net profit posted in the corresponding quarter a year ago on a standalone basis.
GNFC, which is spearheading Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet project of promoting Neem-coated urea across the country, saw its fourth quarter revenue for 2017-18, increase by 34% to Rs1,764 crore from Rs1,314 crore in the corresponding period in 2016-17.
For the financial year ended in March 2018, the company posted a net profit of Rs790 crore, 51% higher than Rs521 crore in FY17. Sales grew by 17% to Rs6,058 crore in the financial year 2017-18 from Rs5,170 crore in the previous previous.
Managing director Rajiv Kumar Gupta said that the financial performance of the company in 2017 was the best ever in its 42-year history. He added that with improved financial performance, long-term debt has been fully paid off through a pre-payment of Rs534 crore.
“These measures reduced the finance cost of the company by 51% y-o-y,” Gupta said in a statement on Tuesday.
The company has also announced a dividend of 75%, its highest so far.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's been a Sunday school and a sports club but if you have the patience of a saint and a good bit of muscle it could soon be your very own property development.
The former Empire Sports Club in St Agnes is set to go under the hammer later this month with a guide price of £1,300,000.
(Image: Hollis Morgan)
The hefty price tag reflects the fact that the Grade II-Listed plot has planning permission for 21 flats, two maisonettes and three houses.
One local expert said of the lot: “The Empire Sports Club is very close to my heart in its previous incarnation. A building I know well and which I think has huge potential as a residential development.
(Image: Hollis Morgan)
“The combination of contemporary interiors in this beautiful period façade, in such close proximity to both the city centre and the motorway network, will be highly desirable to professional tenants.
“The area can be described as on-the-up and with competitive sale prices and the potential rental returns, I think it presents a great opportunity for investor landlords.
(Image: Hollis Morgan)
“I would expect the one-bedroom apartments to achieve in the region of £750 to £850 PCM, the two-bedroom apartments and maisonettes between £1000 and £1100 PCM, and the two-bed houses and three-bedroom apartment between £1150 and £1250.”
Oliver Hollis of auctioneers Hollis Morgan, who are in charge of the sale, said: “It has been fascinating to watch how the St Pauls and St Agnes areas have changed over the last few years with continued investment in this previously overlooked location.
(Image: Hollis Morgan)
“Given its proximity to the city and Cabot Circus, we are seeing local, regional and London developers buying these sites with ever-increasing confidence.”
(Image: Hollis Morgan)
The property goes up for auction on Wednesday, February 21 at All Saints Church, Clifton, 7pm.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A trio went on a unique pub crawl and managed to down three pints, in three countries in under an hour.
The backpacking boozers even crossed the Amazon twice in a leaky boat in a bid to quench their thirst.
Hitting Peru, Brazil and Colombia on their 56 minute trip Calum Foskett, 27, Jed Gibbs, 27 and Joe Oliver, 29, may have been the first ever to manage it.
Locals think they may be the first to take on the unusual boozy challenge, with stunned bartenders egging them on.
(Image: Eastnews Press Agency)
(Image: Eastnews Press Agency)
(Image: Eastnews Press Agency)
Amazingly the cross-country alcoholic adventure set them back just £25 - roughly the same price as five pints in the capital.
The lager-loving lads used tuk-tuks, a motorbike and speed boat to cross the Amazon river in the remote tri-border region, where the three countries meet and there are open borders.
The trio from Bedfordshire, decided to take on the whistle stop 10 mile crawls after their flights were delayed.
Their first cold beer was supped just after 29 minutes, with the second enjoyed at 41 minutes with the amazing hat trick completed inside the hour just after 56 minutes.
The lads hope their fast-fire drinking challenge might catch on with other intrepid travellers in the future.
(Image: Eastnews Press Agency)
Speaking from Colombia law student Mr Foskett said: “It started off as a joke in a bar and then we realised no one had ever tried it before, and then we had a problem with our flights and were stuck for over a week.
“Whilst working out how to spend our time we were looking at a map and realised it could be possible to visit all three countries within an hour.
“From there, it escalated to a beer in each country in under an hour.
"We tried to make it as challenging as possible by adding two extra rules.
"We had to finish where we started making sure it was a full loop and each beer had to be served to us rather than bought in a shop.
"It was tough going and I thought we weren't going to make it at some points, it was like something from the Crystal Maze.
(Image: Eastnews Press Agency)
(Image: Eastnews Press Agency)
“It's certainly different. How many pub crawls involve crossing a river by boat and shooting round on motorbikes?
"Also the boat from Peru to Brazil appeared to have a leak but luckily we stayed above water.
"Although it looks like fun it wasn't just going out on the lash it was tiring as well.
"We spent the rest of the day laying in hammocks."
The pals started off in Colombia and used a tuk-tuk and speed boat to get to Santa Rosa, in Peru, and neck their first beer
Then they rushed back to the port and crossed the Amazon again and quickly downed a can of Schol in Tapatinga, Brazil.
They then hopped on the back of motorbikes to cross the border back into Colombia and run to the bar in Leticia to beat the clock.
(Image: Eastnews Press Agency)
(Image: Eastnews Press Agency)
Mr Foskett, radiographer Mr Gibbs and graphic designer Mr Oliver are hoping they have set a record.
“We gave it a good go, but I think it can be beaten, not by much though,” he added.
“There were a few moments we lost time, we had to waiting for traffic or people slowing us down to offer tours.
“There are a few seconds that could be gained here or there.”
The mates are in South America as part of a three-month adventure and will return home in January.
Even as the government has a lot to answer for, the opposition's move to remove Dipak Misra is entirely unwarranted. Illustration: Jayachandran/Mint
On Friday, seven political parties, including the Congress, submitted a notice for initiating a motion to remove the sitting Chief Justice of India (CJI), Dipak Misra. On Monday, the notice was rejected by the Rajya Sabha chairman. The Congress and other six parties are planning to move the Supreme Court against the rejection. But it will now be on Misra himself to assign the case to a bench.
In a way, things have moved full circle since the unprecedented press conference called by the four seniormost puisne judges of the Supreme Court on 12 January to air their grievances against the CJI. At the heart of the matter was the perceived arbitrariness in allocation of cases to different benches by the CJI in his capacity as the master of the roster. It was insinuated by those four judges, and directly alleged by some others, that the CJI was allocating sensitive cases to “junior” judges. The charge of “fixing” verdicts was also floating in the air.
The biggest problem with this entire chain of events is that now each judgement will be open to innuendo. Each verdict will be parsed for excavating the political bias of judges delivering them. Union finance minister Arun Jaitley has termed the notice for removal of the Chief Justice a “revenge petition” by the opposition parties after a three-judge bench presided over by Misra threw out a petition requesting an investigation into the death of Judge B.H. Loya in December 2014. Judge Loya was presiding over the trial of an encounter case involving Amit Shah, the president of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). While dismissing the petition, the court made scathing remarks against the petitioners' “veiled attempt to launch a frontal attack on the independence of the judiciary and to dilute the credibility of judicial institutions”.
Another problem with the move of the opposition parties is the kind of precedent it sets. Moving a notice for the removal of a judge is no trivial matter. Once each judgement is open to being interpreted politically, the political parties feeling out of favour may move a notice for the removal of the judges involved. Paradoxically, this will favour the ruling party. Since it can muster the numbers more easily in Parliament to remove judges, the latter might feel more obligated to keep the ruling party in good humour.
The third problem is that the CJI's removal does not solve any of the two systemic problems—the allocation of cases and appointment of judges. The two are related. If the allocation of cases to “junior” judges cannot be trusted, doesn't it raise questions about the process of appointing judges in the first place? The allocation of cases is an administrative issue and should have been resolved internally by the court. The very fact that it has not been resolved internally has opened the door for outsiders to intervene.
The appointment of judges requires greater focus from more than one institution. It is here that the government has to shoulder some blame. This newspaper has consistently argued that the current system of appointments by the collegium is the judiciary's ploy for self-preservation in the name of judicial independence. But the government erred in framing the alternative. The National Judicial Appointments Commission—which was struck down by the Supreme Court as unconstitutional—should have given a majority say to the judges. Thereafter, the government kept sitting on the memorandum of procedure (MoP) finalized by the collegium for appointments.
In recent weeks, at least two senior Supreme Court judges have been highly critical, and for justifiable reasons, of the Union government for sitting inordinately over recommendations of the collegium. Justice Jasti Chelameswar is clearly unhappy with the government's alleged attempt to stall the elevation of a Karnataka district and sessions judge to the state high court. Justice Kurian Joseph has also come down heavily on the government for not acting on the collegium's recommendation to elevate Uttarakhand high court chief justice K.M. Joseph and senior lawyer Indu Malhotra to the Supreme Court bench.
Both Chelameswar and Kurian Joseph were part of the 12 January press conference. The senior judges may have a feeling that the CJI is not strongly taking up the issue of delays in appointments with the government. But it would be unfair to single out the incumbent CJI. The government has been non-responsive on both the MoP and recommendations for appointments and transfers for a long time, spanning the tenure of multiple chief justices. Former chief justice T.S. Thakur even broke down publicly when talking about the government moving slowly on the appointment of judges. The government's reluctance in K.M. Joseph's case is a reminder of its attitude towards the elevation of senior lawyer Gopal Subramanium to the bench during R.M. Lodha's tenure as chief justice.
Even as the government has a lot to answer for, the opposition's move to remove Misra is entirely unwarranted. The move will most likely fail but it would have weakened public trust in a very important institution—the judiciary. Already, the Election Commission, the Reserve Bank of India and the armed forces have been caught in the political crossfire between the BJP and the opposition parties. The Congress should realize that once in opposition, the BJP too can play the game of discrediting institutions in order to undermine the ruling party. Indian democracy will be a lot better if it avoids that route.
Should the Congress step back from its move to remove the Chief Justice of India? Tell us at views@livemint.com
What's on the menu at Goose Island Brewhouse, Toronto's first brewery from the Chicago-based brand
What's on the menu at Goose Island Brewhouse, Toronto's first brewery from the Chicago-based brand
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has blamed David Cameron for controversial honours dished out in the New Year's list, claiming they were put forward on his watch, not hers.
Mrs May , who has been Prime Minister for almost six months, insists she will overhaul the honours system to reward people who have boosted the economy or social mobility, according to the Times.
The New Year's honours list included a CBE for Dominic Johnson, a Tory donor and party treasurer who invited Mr Cameron and his family to stay in his London house rent-free after being turfed out of Downing Street in July.
Jeremy Corbyn accused the Tories of "making a mockery" of the honours system with "crony appointments" in the annual list.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
The list also knighted David Ord, who has given the party more than £930,000 since 2005, for "political service".
Some 14 honours were handed to officials from the Home Office, which Theresa May ran for six years until she became Prime Minister. No other department, aside from embassy and consulate staff, received more honours.
All 14 people honoured for 'political service'
LIB DEMS
Companion of Honour: The Right Honourable Baroness Shirley Vivian Teresa Brittain WILLIAMS For services to political and public life
Knighthood: The Right Honourable Steven John WEBB For political and public service.
LABOUR
Knighthood: David Anthony CRAUSBY, MP Member of Parliament for Bolton North East. For parliamentary and political services.
CBE: Ms Neena GILL Member of the European Parliament for the West Midlands. For parliamentary and political service.
TORIES
Knighthood: Julian William Hendy BRAZIER, TD MP Member of Parliament for Canterbury. For political and public service.
Knighthood: David Charles ORD For political service and service to the community in the South West.
CBE: Dominic JOHNSON Associate Treasurer, Conservative Party. For political service.
OBE: Darren James MOTT Director of Campaigning, Conservative Campaign Headquarters. For political service.
MBE: Alexandra Kathleen, Mrs BROADRICK Lately Chief of Staff to the Conservative Party Chairman. For political service.
MBE: Louise, Mrs GOODALL Deputy Head of Fundraising, Conservative Campaign Headquarters. For political service.
MBE: Ms Nicola Lucienne MOLNAR Lately Chairman, Conservative Women's Organisation. For political service.
MBE: Deborah Jane, Mrs TOON Regional Chairman, Yorkshire and the Humber Conservatives. For political service.
British Empire Medal: Dr Jason ALDISS. For political service.
British Empire Medal: Michael Anthony CLARKE. For political service.
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. — Purdue coach Matt Painter said he does not expect starting centre Isaac Haas to play again this season — even if the NCAA approves a brace to protect his fractured right elbow.
The 7-foot-2 senior was injured in an NCAA Tournament win over Cal State Fullerton. Team trainers fitted Haas with a large brace to protect his arm and he worked out with his teammates Saturday but he was wearing a brace that would not have allowed him to play for safety reasons.
Painter also says Haas also has yet to demonstrate he can grab two-handed rebounds and shoot free throws with his right hand.
Second-seeded Purdue beat Butler without Haas to reach its second straight Sweet 16. The Boilermakers play Texas Tech on Friday in Boston.
Eyes to the skies this weekend as historical aircraft and fast noisy jets perform thrilling and daring aerobatics over the beach in Southport.
The show starts on Friday night with an appearance by The Red Arrows, in and this weather it promises to be a spectacular evening.
Big crowds are expected to enjoy the fabulous weather
The RAF's finest will be based at Blackpool airport, arriving on Friday at 16:37, then leaving for the show at 19:18, returning to Blackpool for an overnight stay at 19:53.
They will then take off again on Saturday at 10:08 for a performance in Yeovilton, so the sand dunes at Squire's Gate could be a good vantage point.
Also included on Friday is the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight and the Tigers Army Parachute Display team, who will light-up the sky with LEDs and pyros on their feet.
READ MORE: BLACKPOOL AIR SHOW 2018: Typhoon is bound for resort airshow
The night will end with a firework finale, but that's just the start of a weekend-long feast of fantastic flying and noise. Here are the flying times:
The show is on from Friday to Sunday
Friday
Gates Open 18:30
The Red Arrows 19:30
Battle of Britain Memorial Flight 20:00
The Blades 20:20
P-51 Mustang 20:37
Tigers Army Parachute Display Team 21:15
Fireflies Aerobatic Team 21:35
OTTO The Helicopter & Piper Cub 21:50
Saturday
Gates Open 10:00
Tigers Army Parachute Display Team 13:00
OTTO The Helicopter and Piper Cub 13:19
Red Bull Matadors Aerobatic Display Team13:29
Aerosuperbatics Wingwalkers 13:43
Battle of Britain Memorial Flight 14:00
Strikemaster14:17
OV-10 Bronco 14:29
The Blades 14:39
P-51 Mustang 14:56
Fireflies Aerobatic Team 15:08
Tutor 15:20
MiG-1515:31
MiG-15 & Vampire Pair with Beach Explosions 15:39
De Havilland Vampire Pair 15:44
CAP 232 Pair 15:53
Bristol Blenheim 16:07
Spitfire Pair 16:17
Sunday
Gates Open 10:00
Battle of Britain Memorial Flight 13:00
OTTO The Helicopter and Piper Cub 13:19
CAP 232 Pair13:29
Red Bull Matadors Aerobatic Team13:43
P-51 Mustang 13:57
Tutor 14:09
Avro Anson 14:20
MiG-1514:30
MiG-15 & Vampire Pair with Beach Explosions 14:38
De Havilland Vampire Pair 14:43
OV-10 Bronco 14:52
Fireflies Aerobatic Team 15:02
The Tigers Army Paracute Display Team 15:14
Strikemaster 15:31
The Blades 15:43
Aerosuperbatics Wingwalkers 16:00
Bristol Blenheim 16:17
Spitfire Pair 16:27
The Typhoon 16:39
Parking is available on the day and is £5 on Friday 6th July and £6 on Saturday 7th/ Sunday 8th July.
Parking is available on the beach (North Beach only), Marine Drive, Princes Park, the Esplanade Car Park and Victoria Park.
Embattled Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens Resigns Greitens says he'll step down on Friday after facing allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance abuses. It marks a stunning fall for a charismatic Republican with national ambitions.
Web Desk: Having a luxuries car is a dream of many. Bollywood celebrities are known for their affinity towards the finer things in life and expensive cars are just another favorite thing that they really enjoy.
Have a look at the celebrities and their expensive cars.
Amitabh Bachchan
He owns a Rolls-Royce. The numbers of this car add up to the number 2.
Aamir Khan
Mr. Perfectionist has luxurious Mercedes s600 sedan. This is a bomb-proof car and costs him around Rs. 10 crore IND.
Shahrukh Khan
King Khan owns BMWi8, the fastest electrical car in the world.
Salman Khan
Bollywood bhaijan has a huge collection of cars including BMW X6, Land Rover, Range Rover Vogue and Audi R8.
Priyanka Chopra
She owns Rolls-Royce that costs around Rs 2 Crore IND. PC also owns Porsche Cayenna, BMW 7 series white edition and Mercedes-Benz E-class.
Deepika Padukone
She has Audi Q7 and Mini Cooper.
Karina Kapoor
She has a collection of cars such as American mustang, Range Rover, BMW 7 Series and Lexus 470. Her Lexus 470 costs her Rs 50 Lakhs IND.
Katrina Kaif
She is using Audi Q7 that costs her nearly Rs. 80 Lakhs IND.
Akshay Kumar
He also has a collection of the fastest cars including Porsche Cayenne, Bentley, Mercedes and Ferrari. Only his Porsche Cayenne costs him Rs. 2.5 crores.
Hrithik Roshan
He owns Jaguar XJ, Porsche Cayenne and Mercedes S500.
John Abraham
He is an owner of black Lamborghini Gallardo that costs him Rs 3.4 Crore. Except it, he also has Audi Q7 and modified Maruti Gypsy.
Sanjay Dutt
He is a big fan of sports car. He owns Ferrai 599 GTB that worth over Rs 3 crore. He also gifted his wife a Rolls-Royce Ghost that costs nearly Rs 3 Crores.
Kangana Ranaut
She has BMW 7 that worth Rs 85 Lakhs.
Alia Bhatt
Alia Bhatt gifted herself a white Audi Q5 that costs nearly Rs. 55 lakhs.
Sunny Leone
She has Maserati which costs a whopping Rs. 1.5 crore.
Source: Allindiaroundup
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenager miraculously survived after being pounced on by a crazed brown bear when he "didn't hear a thing" because he was wearing headphones.
Student Sergey Mikhailov, 17, was described as the "luckiest boy alive" after fighting off the beast and suffering only a small bite and few minor scratches.
Undaunted, he went straight to his classes at a railway college early next morning as if nothing had happened.
The rampaging bear was noticed on the streets of Nizhneudinsk in the Irkutsk region of Siberia in Russia around 10.30 pm on Thursday.
Witnesses immediately alerted police about the night attack, and an armed squad were sent on patrol as it invaded the town centre.
Then came student Sergey's piggyback ride for the beast.
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: Vesti.Irkutsk/The Siberian Times)
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: The Siberian Times)
He had just come out of his house when the bear pounced - and he received claw scratches and a bite.
The teenager somehow managed to shake off the piggybacking 100 kg beast, reported The Siberian Times .
"I was walking in headphones and didn't hear a thing," he said.
(Image: National Guard/The Siberian Time)
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: The Siberian Times)
"I turned around and saw the bear behind me."
He jumped on the teenager's back, pushing and biting him.
"I started yelling."
The bear ran away but was shot by the police squad.
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: The Siberian Times)
The Irkutsk region police department spokesman said: "We had a call from one of the eye-witnesses saying there was a brown bear running along the streets as if it was mad.
"That young man must have been born under a lucky star.
"The bear's attack left him with only a couple of scratches."
(Image: Vesti.Irkutsk/The Siberian Times)
Local rangers examined the slain bear and said its behaviour appeared "deranged".
This is why it left the forest to invade the town with a 39,000-person population.
Most bears are aggressive at this time of year but stay away from humans as they prepare for winter hibernation.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace are confident of agreeing a deal to sign Espanyol keeper Diego Lopez.
Roy Hodgson has moved for the 36-year-old after identifying his last line of defence as a problem position.
Since taking over from the sacked Frank de Boer in September, the former England manager has been opting for either Julian Speroni and Wayne Hennessey in goal.
With neither man impressing on a consistent enough basis, however, Hodgson has decided to look elsewhere.
Lopez has had two spells at Real Madrid, winning the title with them in 2007 and the Champions League three years ago.
He has also played for Villarreal, Sevilla and AC Milan, who sent him to Barcelona-based Espanyol in August on a season-long loan.
Great Falls Public Schools is continuing to work with Cascade County United Way to ensure high school students earn their diplomas.
The Graduation Matters program was created in 2010, because over 200 students were dropping out yearly in Cascade County. Since its creation, those numbers have been cut in half.
The program has also increased their on-time graduation rate by 8.5 percent, meaning students are graduating with the class they started with.
Community Impact Coordinator Lacey Spencer says the students they deal with aren't always stereotypical dropouts, but students who face tough situations and every case is different.
“What is that kid actually experiencing on a regular basis? Are they getting fed in the morning, are there parents working multiple jobs? There are all different types of things that could be impacting a student's life,” Spencer said.
She said the Great Falls Public Schools have been an integral partner , adding they've aligned their school policies with the goals Graduation Matters has.
She also said not every community that runs the program has had the same success, which is a credit to the area, but there's still a lot of work to be done.
The Graduation Matters program is always looking for ways to positively influence the current demographic group most likely to dropout.
NEW ORLEANS — The U.S. Gulf Coast braced Friday for a fast-moving blast of wind, heavy rain and rising water as deadly tropical storm Nate threatened to reach hurricane strength before a weekend landfall.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami issued hurricane and storm surge warnings for southeast Louisiana and the Mississippi and Alabama coasts. A hurricane warning was issued a few hours later for metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain.
Forecasters said in a Friday evening advisory that the storm was growing in strength, with maximum sustained winds increasing to 105 km/h and higher gusts.
"Additional strengthening is forecast during the next 36 hours, and Nate is expected to become a hurricane by the time it reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico," the advisory said.
States of emergency were declared in all three states as Nate — which has already killed at least 21 people in Central America — became the latest in a succession of destructive storms this hurricane season.
Nate is forecast to dump 70 to 150 millimetres of rain on the region — with isolated totals of up to 30 centimetres. That much rain led authorities to warn of flash flooding and mudslides. By midafternoon Friday, Nate was moving at a speed of 33 km/h. It was expected to move near or over the coast of Mexico's Yucatan peninsula late Friday and make landfall in the U.S. late Saturday or Sunday.
Evacuation orders were issued for some coastal communities, including the Louisiana towns of Jean Lafitte and Grand Isle.
Shelly Jambon, owner of Sureway Supermarket in Grand Isle, said she plans on riding out the storm at her store even though it's across the street from the beach. She bought it two years before hurricane Katrina struck in 2005 and has weathered far more threatening storms than Nate.
"It's a mild one for us," she said. "Seventy to 80 m.p.h. winds? We get that in a winter storm."
North-East businesses have been given the chance to raise concerns about the impact of bank closures.
The Economy, Jobs and Fair Work Committee held a private meeting in Mintlaw to meet with organisations to hear about the long-term changes closures will bring to firms.
Aberdeenshire East MSP Gillian Martin was joined by elected representatives from the area where they were told of the challenges faced by branches shutting up shop.
Those who attended the meeting spoke about the lack of consultation they felt had been carried out by banks as well as fears over online banking.
In May last year, the Clydesdale Bank closed its branch in Mintlaw despite campaigning by Councillor Jim Ingram and Gillian Martin MSP.
Turriff Councillor Alastair Forsyth, who has been campaigning against the RBS closure in the town also attended the meeting.
The event was held at the Macbi Centre in Mintlaw on Monday afternoon.
Commenting, Gillian Martin MSP said: “Closures of banks has been hitting rural areas in particular including in my constituency in Aberdeenshire East.
“It's vital the Economy, Jobs and Fair Work Committee hears the views of those impacted across the country and I wanted to make sure North-East voices were also heard.
“Closures impact across the community and different sectors. For example, the farming community have expressed interesting views about how they will be able to deposit cheques from Mart sales.
“Most people also felt that there needed to be more communication from banks especially when their branch is the last one in the town.
“When a bank closes there are many implications for businesses we wanted to be able to hear their experience first-hand.”
KAZAN, Russia — To get past Belgium in the quarter-finals at the World Cup, Brazil has to do something it has not been able to do since it last won the tournament in 2002: overcome European opposition in the knockout stages.
Since beating Germany 2-0 in the 2002 World Cup final, the five-time winner has been eliminated by European sides in the three subsequent competitions. Brazil lost to France and the Netherlands in the quarter-finals of the 2006 and 2010 World Cups, and was humiliated 7-1 by Germany in the semifinals four years ago at home.
Fortunately for the Selecao, Belgium has a poor record against South American sides at the World Cup. Not only has Belgium not won any of its games against South American teams in the knockout stages, it hasn't even managed to score a goal. Most recently, Belgium lost 1-0 to Argentina in the 2014 quarter-finals.
The core of that side remains in place in Russia, where Belgium has won all four of its matches, including coming back from 2-0 down to beat Japan in the round of 16 with a thrilling counterattack in the final seconds of injury time.
Everyone knew about the array of talent running through the Belgium side, from Thibaut Courtois in goal to Kevin De Bruyne in midfield and Eden Hazard and Romelu Lukaku up front. The main questions following disappointing defeats in the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 European Championship centred on the team's character.
That 3-2 victory over Japan was the first time a team has overcome a two-goal deficit to win outright since West Germany beat England in 1970, and the first to do it in regulation since Portugal came from three down to beat North Korea in 1966. It has fuelled confidence inside the Belgium camp that it can deal with adversity and make the World Cup semifinals for the first time since 1986.
"Maybe it's this sort of match that we needed for the future," said Hazard, the captain.
Coach Roberto Martinez won praise for his substitutions, with both Marouane Fellaini and Nacer Chadli scoring, the latter with practically the last kick of the match.
"You have to find solutions, you have to find reaction but what you have to find more than anything is the desire and togetherness of a group of players, that they are desperate to perform," Martinez said.
Unlike the game against Japan, Martinez said, Belgium will be the underdog Friday in the quarter-final in Kazan, and as such, should play with a certain amount of freedom.
July Fourth is a day when America celebrates its independence.
But this July Fourth, I am reflecting on another part of the American experience — the enslavement of my fellow Africans. That's because I have just finished reading Barracoon, the book in which Zora Neale Hurston presents the story of Cudjo Lewis, who was on the last ship that brought slaves across the Atlantic. It took 60 years for her book to be published. Now it is a best-seller.
I was born and grew up in Ghana. I have long had many questions about slavery. Barracoon answers some of those questions — but not all of them.
In Ghana, the memories of the slave trade haunt two white buildings in the towns of Elmina and Cape Coast. They look like castles by the sea. But these centuries-old structures have a horrific history. Africans were held as captives in their dungeons before being sent across the ocean to a life of slavery.
I visited the castles for the first time six years ago, when I was 24. I walked through narrow passages to the "door of no return." I wondered how many of my fellow Africans passed through. I imagined them in their cells, in chains, scratching on the walls, searching for hope when none existed, crying and never being heard.
I wanted to hear their experience in their own words. And that is the genius of Barracoon. The voice of Lewis — whom Hurston calls by his African name of Kossula — rings out loud and clear.
For many readers, the book is a window into the past. For me, the book is a self-discovery as well.
There are so many stories I heard about slavery when I was growing up — stories that created an impression of Africa as a primitive place. Now I understand that this damaging image of Africa, which still exists today, is rooted in the lies told about slaves.
As a child, I heard that people in Africa once did not wear clothes. But Kossula has a different story to tell. Before he and other Africans got on the slave ship they were stripped of their clothes, he says. So when they arrived in the United States people called them naked savages. In his own words he stated "de Many-costs [a nickname referring to porters/servants of slave traders] snatch our country cloth off us. We try save our clothes, we ain' used to be without no clothes on. But dey snatch all off us.
"We come in de 'Merica soil naked and de people say we naked savages."
I always wondered how these slaves remembered the Africa they left behind. In the book, I came to see their passion and love for Africa. Kossula expressed how much he and the other slaves desired to go back to their African home, how badly they cried and wished for that home: "We are very sorry to be parted from one 'nother. We cry for home. We took away from our people."
On April 12, 1865 when the Yankee soldiers told Kossula and other slaves that they were free, the first thing they did was plan how to get back to Africa. They thought their masters were going to send them back home and their responsibility was to buy the ticket. So they started advising each other on how to work hard and save for the trip. Kossula stated: "We meet together and we talk. We say we from cross de water so we go back where we come from. So we say ... now we work for money and gittee in de ship and go back to our country. We think Cap'n Meaher and Cap'n Foster dey ought to take us back home. But we think we save money and buy de ticket ourselves."
Barracoon has shown me that I am a descendant of people with resilience, people who could survive extreme maltreatment and atrocities.
Kossula stated that on the ship "Dey doan give us much to eat. Me so thirst! Dey give us a little bit of water twice a day .... De water taste sour."
Having gone through slavery and having lost his wife and all his children, some through brutal killings, Kossula at the end of one of his stories to Hurtson stated "Poor Cudjoe, I no lookee back. I presssee forward."
The Western World has long exploited the natural resources of Africa — such as gold, bauxite, cocoa, oil and diamonds. Barracoon is a reminder that the most devastating exploitation of Africa was the taking away of my great ancestors — strong, resilient, passionate people who truly loved and cared about Africa, young men and women who would have led Africa to great heights.
There are some questions that the book does not answer.
Why did this happen to Africans? I remember asking that question when I visited the slave castle.
How could there be a church in the middle of the castle, not far from the slave cells. How could any God-fearing person treat another being so inhumanely and then go to worship and pray? This just does not make sense to me.
I am also struck by an irony. Slaves and the descendants of slaves yearned to go back home, yet today Africans are yearning to leave home. African youth are dying in the Mediterranean Sea every day. Many young men and women, including my own friends, cross the Sahara Desert, sometimes on foot, to Libya. They work for several years, saving every penny to make the deadly journey to Europe. They try to cross the ocean, where many of them have been swallowed up by the waters.
All they want is a chance to earn a good living.
I understand that. In Ghana, I did not score high enough on my final exams from high school to qualify for admission to the public universities. Then I met and married a Peace Corps volunteer and moved to the United States. I was able to start classes at a community college and eventually applied for a scholarship that gave me the chance to study public health at Johns Hopkins University. I earned my Bachelor of Arts in 2017. This coming August, I will graduate with my master's degree.
In my new life in the United States, I do long for Ghana, just as Kossula longed for Africa. But unlike Kossula, I came here of my own free will and have the opportunity to go back home whenever I want to.
If I could ask Kossula one question, I would want to know: What were his hopes and dreams in Africa before he was captured? If we knew that, perhaps Africans would have more hope in a brighter future for Africa today.
George Mwinnyaa, who grew up in Ghana, lives in Baltimore with his wife and two sons and is finishing up a master's program at the Bloomberg School of Public Health.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB Boston 23 5 .821 — Cleveland 19 8 .704 3½ Toronto 17 7 .708 4 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 6½ Indiana 16 11 .593 6½ Washington 14 12 .538 8 Detroit 14 12 .538 8 Philadelphia 13 13 .500 9 Miami 12 13 .480 9½ New York 12 13 .480 9½ Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ Orlando 11 17 .393 12 Charlotte 9 16 .360 12½ Atlanta 6 19 .240 15½ Chicago 5 20 .200 16½ WESTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB Houston 20 4 .833 — Golden State 21 6 .778 ½ San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ Minnesota 16 11 .593 5½ Denver 14 12 .538 7 Portland 13 12 .520 7½ New Orleans 14 13 .519 7½ Utah 13 14 .481 8½ Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 8½ L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10½ L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 11 Phoenix 9 19 .321 13 Sacramento 8 18 .308 13 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 Dallas 7 20 .259 14½
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Indiana 126, Denver 116, OT
Minnesota 97, Dallas 92
New Orleans 131, Philadelphia 124
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Posted by admin on April 17, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
HARARE, Zimbabwe — Rugby's world governing body has intervened after Zimbabwe's national team was forced to sleep on the street in Tunisia after problems with accommodation and visas.
World Rugby tweeted that "we are aware of an issue regarding the Zimbabwe team ahead of their Rugby Africa Gold Cup match on Saturday. We have received firm assurances from Rugby Africa that the issue has been quickly and effectively resolved."
Zimbabwe's rugby team, nicknamed the Sables, is in Tunisia for a test match in Beja that forms part of the 2019 World Cup qualifying campaign.
The Sables had landed in the North African country on Monday night directly from Kenya, where it narrowly lost 45-36.
The Minority Chamber of Commerce honored the accomplishments of local leaders in business, entrepreneurship, and public service during its 16th annual Leadership Awards Gala on Dec. 21.
Local small businesses, corporate executives, public officials, and community leaders were recognized for their achievements and honored for their contributions to the Miami-Dade economy and for improving quality of life in the community.
The dinner and awards gala, at the Renaissance Banquet Hall in Coral Gables, was an opportunity for the business community to come together and show appreciation to local leaders and organizations for their service, support, talent, solidarity, compassion, and collaboration.
“At the Minority Chamber, we firmly believe and understand the value of coming together to support one another, especially small businesses in South Florida,” said Doug Mayorga, president of Minority Chamber of Commerce.”
“Diversity has always been and always will be a strength in Miami-Dade County and across our nation,” he continued. “When I think of a blend of cultures, I think of a united community that can come together to celebrate our collective success — and at the same time, embrace our differences.”
Following are the 2016 Leadership Award honorees:
The Honorable Carlos Gimenez, Miami-Dade County Mayor, “The Public Official of the Year;”
U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio, “The Leader of the Year;”
Bank of the Year, “Bank of the Ozark;”
Nexogy, “The High-Tech Company of the Year;”
Cement Design/Edge, “Innovative Product of the Year;”
Maria Zenoz, CEO of Live the Dare, “Female Leader of the Year;”
Mary Geoghegan, director of Miami Job Corps Center, “Female Public Servant of the Year;”
Joan Barrientos, CEO Gloval Displays, “Woman in Business of the Year;”
Aerius Technologies, high-tech Company, Argentina, “International Small Company of the Year;”
Cesar Conde, president of Telemundo, “CEO of the Year;”
Frank Cuomo, vice president, Sourcing and Procurement for Univision, “Corporate Executive of the Year;”
Edwin Odell, corporate director, Jackson Health Systems, “ Minority Public Executive of the Year;”
Kress Communications LLC, William Kress, president, “Public Relations Firm of the Year;”
Douglas Herrera, Doctor of Endodontics, “Minority Professional of the Year;”
Centerline Services LLC, “The Global Corporate Company of the Year;”
Comimpex Group, “Construction Company of the Year;”
Lebomar International, “Minority Company of the Year;”
Gloria Ordaz, Univision Canal 23, “TV News Female Anchor of the Year Award;”
Alourde Pierre, CEO of L.O.V.E., “Minority Woman Community Leader of the Year;”
DDRepro & Graphics, “Printing Company of the Year;”
Steve Detwiler, Emergency Management Planner, Miami-Dade County, “Excellence in Public Services of the Year,” and
Fausto Malave, “TV Anchor of the Year Award,” Telemundo Canal 51.
For more information, contact Maria Loaisiga, project coordinator at maria.l@minoritychamber.net or call 786-406-2190; Doug Mayorga at director@minoritychamber.net or 1-202-250-0260.
CHICAGO — A Chicago masseuse is suing Marvel Comic's Stan Lee, accusing him of inappropriate behavior during two massages in 2017.
Maria Carballo filed the lawsuit Monday seeking more than $50,000 in punitive damages and attorney fees from the 95-year-old comic book writer.
The Chicago Tribune reports that Lee's attorney, Jonathan Freund, called the lawsuit "a shakedown" and says Lee denies the allegations.
Carballo also filed a complaint with Chicago police, who are investigating.
According to the complaint, Lee fondled himself during the first massage and moaned so much during the second that Carballo stopped the treatment. Lee stood up and angrily demanded Carballo keep massaging him.
The complaint also says Carballo was massaging Lee with her feet when he grabbed her foot and touched it to his genitals.
Union power minister Piyush Goyal said that renewables capacity would overtake coal-fired power by 2022. Photo: HT
New Delhi/ Mumbai: India's coal-fired power capacity may hardly grow over the next decade despite plans to build new plants as older facilities that can't meet new environmental guidelines face closure.
The nation may need to scrap about 40 gigawatts of thermal capacity that can't be modernized to meet emission targets, according to Central Electricity Authority (CEA) chairman Ravindra Kumar Verma.
That's roughly equivalent to the amount of coal-fired power CEA expects to be installed through 2027, though more may need to be built if older plants than expected can't be upgraded.
“They are really old plants and there is no space to retrofit them,” Verma said in an interview last week at his office in New Delhi. “If the number of non-compliant plants exceeds current estimates, then 10 gigawatts to 12 gigawatts of new coal may have to be requisitioned.”
The possible closure would reinforce the country's commitment to battling climate change and challenge criticism of its coal production goals levelled by US President Donald Trump after he pulled his country out of the Paris climate deal.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has set the world's largest renewable energy target after China, while the country's power minister Piyush Goyal said Monday that renewables capacity would overtake coal-fired power by 2022.
“It's a substantial improvement leading to lower coal consumption and reduction of the carbon footprint,” said Kameswara Rao, the Hyderabad-based leader for energy, utilities and mining at the Indian division of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
It is also an opportune time to shut some plants as there is sufficient supply available, he added.
The country expects to produce surplus power for existing customers in 2017 for the first time in at least 13 years amid slowing demand-growth.
The nation plans to raise the share of power from non-fossil fuel sources to 40 percent by 2030 as part of its climate commitments.
CEA's Verma expects India to increase total generation capacity to 515 gigawatts by 2022 from the current 329 gigawatts, mostly with the addition of renewable capacity.
India's proposed emissions regulations would require existing coal-fired plants with a combined capacity of 112 gigawatts to install flue-gas desulfurization, or FGD, equipment to reduce sulfur emissions. India unveiled its first-ever standards for particulate matter, sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides from thermal power plants in December 2015. Bloomberg
The P9 is another accomplished smartphone from Huawei, with an innovative camera setup and plenty of power under the hood. But it's not perfect, and there are still issues with the heavy Emotion UI.
Huawei wants to play with the big boys. The Chinese company wants to be taken seriously as a competitor to Apple and Samsung, but right now it's rooted firmly among the second tier of Android manufacturers, competing with the likes of Sony, LG, HTC and Motorola in western markets.
A reputation for pairing high-end specs with lower prices than some of its competitors, backed up with some solid marketing, has enabled Huawei to start standing out a little from the crowd. And now the company hopes the P9, plugged with an ad campaign starring none other than Superman (Henry Cavill) can take it to the next level.
But Huawei still needs to impress people. No one buys a phone from a manufacturer they barely know without doing a little research first. Huawei knows it, and the P9 has the specs on paper, and a focus on camera technology, that will catch the eye of even the most discerning prospective purchaser.
Cheaper price than other flagships - launched at $470 (£449.99, AU$799)
Huawei P9 price now dropped to around $350 (£360, AU$400)
Out now - was originally released in May 2016
The Huawei P9 price is certainly a highlight of this phone. While it isn't as cheap as flagships from competitors like OnePlus or Oppo, then handset is still cheaper than the iPhone 7 , Samsung Galaxy S7 , HTC 10 or anything from Sony.
It launched at $530 (£449, AU$799) SIM-free, which is roughly what a Huawei P8 would have cost you when it launched in April 2016. Now the P9 price has dropped down a lot around with the world.
We've seen prices as low a $350 (£360, AU$400) since the launch and release of the updated Huawei P10. Contract deals for the Huawei P9 have also improved a lot too with the price dropping to around the £25 a month mark in the UK.
It can also be quite hard to find the phone to buy SIM free at the moment though, so you may need to do some shopping around to find a suitable place to buy the P9.
Design
Features an aluminum unibody that feels comfortable to hold
Smaller than most other big name flagship Android phones
Rounded corners look premium
The Huawei P9 has taken the design of the P8 and refined it into a much better-looking device that feels comfortable to hold. It's compact compared to other Huawei devices (like the Mate 8), and that works in its favor.
The P9 is a similar size to the iPhone 6S, but Huawei makes better use of the real estate by packing in a larger screen. The Huawei P9 has dimensions of 145 x 71 x 7mm while the iPhone 6S is 138 x 67 x 7.1mm. So there are just a few millimeters in it, yet Huawei manages to include a 5.2-inch screen while the iPhone 6S only has a 4.7-inch display.
The P9 is a little taller than the iPhone, but that's not a problem. The bezels along the top and bottom of the display are still slim, but allow Huawei to pack a lot of techs inside without compromising the look of the handset.
Before starting this review I was using a Nexus 6P, which is a larger phone made by Huawei, and the P9 is noticeably smaller. Personally I prefer larger phones, but if you're one for a smaller handset with a large screen this is one of the best-designed phones you'll find today.
The back of the handset is made with an aluminium unibody and the metal does feel premium, although sometimes I would tap the back of the phone and it echoed a little, which didn't make it feel as high-end as, say, the Nexus 6P.
The overall look of the phone is great though, and I particularly like the rounded corners and edges, with the latter making the P9 look even slimmer than its 6.95mm.
On the right hand edge of the phone is the volume rocker with the power button just below it.
Huawei P9 specs Weight: 144g Dimensions: 145 x 70.9 x 7mm OS: Android 6.0 Screen size: 5.2-inch Resolution: 1080 x 1920 CPU: HiSilicon Kirin 955 RAM: 3/4GB Storage: 32/64GB Battery: 3000mAh Rear camera: 12MP Front camera: 8MP
I found myself rarely using the power button as the fingerprint scanner turns the phone's screen on anyway. The slight grated effect on the button made it easy to identify when in the pocket though. I regularly find myself reaching into my pocket to adjust volume controls and on some phones you can hit the wrong button, but there's no excuse for that here.
On the back of the phone at the top sits the dual-camera sensor, which I found made some onlookers perk up when they spot it, as right next to it is the Leica logo.
I personally wasn't a fan of this at first, but I've come to terms with it, and it does highlight the fact that Huawei has tapped into Leica's 100 years of photography expertise to develop the camera setup on the P9. Huawei has been pushing this feature at every turn – and with some justification, as we'll see later in this review.
It's also worth noting that Leica and Huawei have managed to make the back of the camera sit flush with the rest of the phone. Camera bumps have been a trend on a lot of flagship phones in recent years and it's good to see a company fighting against it without sacrificing camera technology.
Color choices for the Huawei P9 are aplenty with three types of gold available as well as silver and grey. Sadly, in the UK you can only buy the silver and grey versions and it isn't quite clear which will be on sale in Australia or the US yet.
There's also a ceramic white version of the phone knocking around somewhere, but no-where seems to be stocking that model yet.
We haven't managed to see it in the flesh either, but Huawei assures us it has a metal body with a ceramic coating on the back to give it a different feel.
Key features
Leica branded dual-camera is a highlight feature
Full HD 5.2-inch display with great colour saturation
Super fast fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone
Huawei is selling the P9 on the camera abilities of the phone, but though it's got a great snapper this handset isn't all about the camera capabilities.
Personally I think the display is a real highlight of the Huawei P9. It's large considering the compact size of the phone as a whole. It features a 5.2-inch 1080p screen that some have seemed disappointed in as it didn't follow through with the 2K jump the Nexus 6P began.
Instead it's opted for Full HD and I think that's a big help. Huawei has decided to focus on getting a better battery life rather than upping the pixels on this phone, and I barely noticed it wasn't a 2K one.
The screen offers up 423 pixels-per-inch and I never felt let down by the quality of image on show.
I was especially impressed with how bright the screen can be– the Huawei P9 makes a gorgeous picture when watching video. It's not as stunning as the Nexus 6P screen, but that phone suffers for the luxury by offering poorer battery life.
The camera is certainly one of the highlight features on the Huawei P9. I'll go into more depth later in this review, but what you need to know here is that a lot of the hype is deserved.
The two sensor set up makes this one of the best camera phones you can buy right now, working is a different way to the dual snappers found on the iPhone 7 Plus and LG G5. Huawei made a big deal out of it by including a lot of professional photographers at the launch to highlight its powers, but I don't think that's entirely accurate.
You're going to get a great shot out of the Huawei P9 no matter what you're shooting and if you use the auto mode it's still impressive. There are a lot of pro features within the camera when you're looking for something a little more complex and want to dabble in the professional world too.
It's worth highlighting the USB Type-C support on the P9. Not every phone manufacturer has embraced the new connection technology but the P9 uses a USB-C port for charging and data transfer.
It can prove a little irritating if you've got accessories with microUSB connectors, but it makes it much easier to fit the charger in as it works either way up.
Then there's the fingerprint scanner. If you've ever used a Huawei phone before you'll know the company makes the strange decision of placing them on the back of the handset rather than below the display. It may be odd, but I prefer it here.
A lot of Android manufacturers choose to put it within the home key under the screen or even on the side of the phone, but on the rear it's a much more natural position.
Your index finger is already on the back of the handset ready to tap it and I like the simplicity of that. It does mean you end up entering your PIN or pattern to unlock it when the phone is laying down though, which can get annoying.
The fingerprint scanner on the P9 is what the company refers to as "Level 4". Huawei hasn't made it clear exactly what that means apart from it's meant to be better than the "Level 3" scanner from the Huawei Mate 8.
All you really need to know is that it's fast and it's going to get you into your phone very quickly. It's something you get used to using and when I have to slowly enter my PIN it really highlights how quick the scanner is to register my print.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brits are notoriously hard to please when it comes to comedy – probably because we've produced so many good ones over the years. But with an impressive cast and fun premise, here is one that's worth tuning in for.
Set in Victorian London, the raucous medical romp is about four pioneering friends and rivals.
Robert (Rory Kinnear) is a rockstar surgeon, who's almost as brilliant as he thinks he is.
He packs out theatres to perform operations to crowds of bloodthirsty spectators. They all want to know if he can beat his record for amputating a leg in 92 seconds, and are thrilled to hear that 40% of operations end in the patient's death.
(Image: BBC Publicity Picture)
“This is more fun than Madame Tussauds,” giggles one fan, while Robert puts on his bloody apron and lights up a cigarette (“The smell of gangrene can be terrible.”)
But after botching an amputation, Robert comes under scrutiny from the Royal Physician, Dr Hendrick (Rupert Everett).
Hendrick deserves a shout out for the most hilarious diagnoses, including this gem: “Fast for a week, ride a horse for two hours a day (not Sundays), and place a freshly cooked baked potato on the infected area.”
To save Robert's reputation, drug-addled dentist John (Tom Basden) convinces Robert to use potentially lethal ether in a pioneering operation on a Duke. But John doesn't have a particularly good record when it comes to anaesthetising patients.
(Image: BBC Publicity Picture)
Meanwhile, Robert's friend William (Mathew Baynton), a nervy alienist (that's a psychiatrist to you and me), finds himself treating Robert's alluring wife Caroline (Lydia Leonard), leaving him conflicted.
This gets funnier as it goes along, if you don't object to the sight of blood and gore.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
Members of Coast Guard Maritime Safety and Security Team San Francisco 91105 conduct pier sweeps and training during San Francisco Fleet Week, Oct. 5, 2017. The Coast Guard has units deployed to San Francisco from throughout the West Coast to assist in ensuring the safety and security of fleet week participants and spectators. U.S. Coast Guard video by Petty Officer 3rd Class Johnny Johnson.
Share. A good survival thriller, but a boring romance. A good survival thriller, but a boring romance.
If there's any reason to see The Mountain Between Us, it's the commendable work of both Idris Elba and Kate Winslet in its lead roles. More specifically, the energy that the film manages to create during their scenes together in its first half, which are more exciting than they arguably have any right to be. And they serve as a healthy reminder of how genuinely entertaining it can be to just watch two masters of their craft bounce off of each other for several minutes, no matter the topic they're discussing or challenging situation they've found themselves in.
To its credit, The Mountain Between Us doesn't waste much time getting to those scenes either. Picking up immediately in a Denver airport, the film quickly introduces us to Alex (Winslet) and Ben (Elba), a photojournalist and neurosurgeon whose flights are suddenly cancelled by an oncoming storm, leaving them both stranded for another night. But with Alex needing to get to New York on time for her wedding and Ben needing to get to Baltimore for an important surgery, the two decide to charter a private flight together over the snow-capped mountains in order to get to their destinations on time.
All of that is, of course, derailed when their plane's pilot (played briefly by Beau Bridges) suffers a stroke mid-flight and the plane crashes. Upon waking up, Ben and Alex are then stuck trying to survive as long as they can in the unbelievable cold, with very little food to share between the two of them.
So from the very beginning, The Mountain Between Us has a fairly effective and dire survival thriller premise on its hands. Thanks to its well-established characters and even more talented actors inhabiting the roles, it has a fun and likable duo ready to lead the way. It won't come as much of a surprise then to say that the section of the film when Alex and Ben are stuck inside the crumbling remains of the plane, coming up with increasingly ingenious ways to survive, is when The Mountain Between Us is at its very best.
But it's when they decide to embark on a journey down the mountain to any nearby sign of civilization that the film starts to lose its steam. Not only does the danger of other wildlife or death increasingly fade away, but the film decides to start building up a romantic spark between Alex and Ben. Now, that's not to say that it's impossible to believe that the two could develop some passionate feelings for each other, since the situation and intimacy does lend to that, as much as it just feels like a jarring tonal and thematic shift from the survival thriller notes of its first half.
As Alex and Ben's relationship grows so does the cheesiness of the film's writing and storylines. What started out as genuine fear for the characters lives' quickly turns into melodramatic twists designed only to bring them closer together, culminating in a final twenty minutes that not only drags on, but fails to feel genuine or touching. In perhaps no other film this year has the start and end points felt quite so distant and unrelated to each other.
For his part, director Hany Abu-Assad excels when staging the film's various action set-pieces and photographing the cold, tundra-like environment that Alex and Ben find themselves stuck in. However, while he finds interesting ways to shoot and edit some of the film's predictable and clunky moments, he's never quite able to recapture the same thrills or emotions as he had early on in its runtime. The same can be said for the rest of the film.
The Mountain Between Us Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow covered mountain. Get Deal
His two-goal output against Dallas gave him 43, tying him with boyhood idol Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals.
Laine's racked up 68 points in 72 games and is riding a league-high 15-game point streak (18 goals, eight assists), which is already an NHL record for longest point streak by a teenager. He turns 20 on April 19.
After the game, Laine repeated that he wants to grab the goal-scoring lead and will try when Winnipeg (43-19-10) hosts Los Angeles on Tuesday.
While words like that could come across as cocky, that's not the case with Laine.
He always honestly assesses the good and bad parts of his game and stresses his ultimate goal is helping the Jets get into the playoffs.
His candid responses to questions have become as much a trademark as his one-timer blasts from the left circle. It hasn't gone unnoticed by his admiring teammates.
"He's mature," veteran forward Bryan Little said. "You forget how old he is.
"When he's on the ice, he plays mature and he handles himself like a veteran. He doesn't seem to care about all the outside noise and all the pressure and stuff. He just plays."
Little is also impressed with Laine's ability to live his life under the spotlight.
"He knows he's got a responsibility because he's so good, because he's a rising star in this league," he said. "He does it without complaint."
While team staff monitor the amount of interviews and events he's part of so it's not too disruptive, no one tries to curb his candour.
"I think that would be just like stupid to say to somebody to don't be yourself. That's just who I am," Laine said.
"I mean, I don't need to lie to you (reporters). If you guys ask me something, I just want to say how it is. I don't feel like I have to make something up or just say whatever."
His media availability has been restricted to the rink and not places such as his home. Laine has also put the kibosh on interviews with his family.
His mom lives with him in Winnipeg, but she recently went back to Finland to be with his sister so his dad is now here. The whole family and his girlfriend plan to be here soon to hopefully watch the team's playoff run.
"I'm the athlete, I can answer all the questions," Laine explained. "I don't feel like I have to bring my family to the media. They're just in the background."
His confidence in himself is perhaps most evident in a physical way. His friendly bet with a cousin to see how long they can grow beards this season has drawn jabs on social media and teasing from his teammates.
"It's got uglier and uglier," Little said with a smile of the scruffy beard. "When he finally shaves it he's going to look like a new man."
That may not happen any time soon with the way his season is clipping along. Keeping the beard might even turn into a superstitious habit.
"Who knows?" Laine said with a laugh. "Let's see where we're at in a month or a couple more months. It might be a good thing, but we'll see."
The Canadian Press
The Canadian Press
We know it's the middle of summer but for the fashion lovers, July means the launch of fall fashion. Department stores move swim to the sale racks for the luxe coats of the season, fall couture is shown on the runway, and August means the newsstands are packed with (drumroll please) the September Issues.
VIDEO: Making of Puglisi FW18
Our three favorite words: add to cart. Sign up for our new shopping newsletter for exclusive discounts, celeb inspo, & more. Sign Up
Every season, there's a new trend to look forward to trying out and exploring. One of those things this upcoming Fall 2018-2019 season? Marina Rinaldi's fresh collaboration with edgy designer, Fausto Puglisi. Rinaldi, a brand at the forefront of plus-size high fashion and the edgy Puglisi make for a perfect, if unexpected, mix.
RELATED: These Women Are Spreading a Message About Body Positivity by Embracing Their Thighbrows
"This is the right moment, and most of all the right company [Marina Rinaldi], to collaborate with. [Rinaldi] is excellent, made in Italy, and they were some fantastic professionals to work with! My vision was perfectly embodied and crafted into artistic items that were "Puglisi" classics and we have the perfect fit for any body type", says Fausto Puglisi. "I want women to be self-confident and open to a new approach. I believe it's all in their hands, to be what they want to be and to achieve everything they wish to reach, no matter their size!"
RELATED: Ashley Graham Displays Her Hourglass Figure in Metallic Latex Dress
The pieces are simply gorgeous. Expect graphic color-block pieces, chic fringe, elevated classics, bold animal prints, and tough girl studs. Puglisi's favorites: "The color-block dress and the optically printed Kimono-skirt combo. They're classic "Puglisi" and have always been a hit since my first collection. Women have a love affair with dresses and kimonos, they're flattering and very classy at the same time, with an American all-time chic to it."
To coincide with the release, there's a stunning ad campaign featuring Katy Syme. While supermodel and body positivity activist, Ashley Graham, serves as the face of the collection. Scroll down to check out some beautiful snaps, as well as some fun facts Puglisi himself shared with us. Then, head to marinarinaldi.com to shop the full collection, available now.
Tlou Achieves significant increase in gas reserves
Tlou Energy Limited, the firm focused on delivering power in Botswana and southern Africa through the development of coal bed methane (CBM), has announced a significant upgrade of Reserves for the Lesedi CBM Project and initial Reserves for the Mamba Project in Botswana.
This latest Reserves assessment has been independently certified by Dr Bruce McConachie of SRK Consulting (Australasia) Pty Ltd ("SRK").
Highlights:
44% increase in 2P (Proved and Probable) Gas Reserves to 3.9 billion cubic feet (BCF)
390% increase in 3P (Proved, Probable and Possible) Gas Reserves to 261 BCF
The increases comprise:
additional certified Reserves in the Lesedi Project area (PL 002) based on a southern extension of the Selemo pilot area; and
initial certified Reserves in the Mamba Project area (PL's 238 and 240) based on a western extension of the Selemo pilot area.
Tlou Managing Director Tony Gilby said, "This significant upgrade in Reserves reinforces the commerciality of the Lesedi Gas Project. The success of the Selemo pilot in producing sustained gas flows for a substantial period suggests that there is significant gas production potential for the area. Our ongoing work to assess this continues in tandem with our planning for the staged delivery of a commercial CBM power facility, for which we have received a detailed Request for Proposal from the Government of Botswana.
We are very pleased to have received the first gas Reserves in the Mamba Project area, which demonstrates the upside available within our portfolio. Together, we believe that the Lesedi and Mamba projects will continue to develop into a valuable resource for Tlou shareholders as we work towards increasing the certified gas Reserves in both areas. Furthermore, the Company is on track to become the first gas to power producer in Botswana."
In accordance with the Society of Petroleum Engineers ("SPE") 2007 Petroleum Resource Management System ("PRMS") Guidelines, as well as the 2011 Guidelines for Application of the PRMS approved by the SPE, SRK has attributed Gas Reserves to Tlou's 100% interest in the Lesedi and Mamba Project permits using the deterministic method of petroleum Reserves estimation as at 1 January 2017.
The table below, in a billion cubic feet (BCF) and petajoules (PJ), summarises the changes to the Company's Reserves position for Lesedi and Mamba as at 1 January 2017.
SRK has consented to the information in this announcement being released.
Additional information in relation to the Gas Reserve estimates for PL002/2004 (Lesedi CBM Project) and PL's 238/2014 and 240/2014 (Mamba CBM Project), which is the subject of this announcement, and required to be disclosed pursuant to Chapter 5 of the ASX Listing Rules, is set out in Appendix 1 of this announcement.
The Lesedi Reserves Statement received from SRK represents an updated independent certification that is based on SRK's review of regional data surrounding the Selemo pilot area to the south and, consistent with the prior Reserves assessment (announced to the market on 12 October 2016), relates only to the Lower Morupule coal seam.
The Mamba Reserves Statement received from SRK represents an initial independent certification that is based on SRK's review of regional data to the west of the Selemo pilot area and relates only to the Lower Morupule coal seam.
In both cases, the Reserves estimates in these southern and western extension areas were based on the high level of stratigraphic continuity of the Lower Morupule coal seam and data about the reservoir and gas quality from prior corehole data and seismic activity.
Source: Company Press Release
The Western Cape ushered in the New Year with the birth of 45 babies.
The first bundle of joy arrived seven minutes after the stroke of midnight.
Home Affairs Minister Malusi Gigaba paid a visit to the new mothers at the Khayelitsha District Hospital's maternity ward on New Year's Day.
He presented the mothers with gifts and birth certificates of their new bundles of joy.
Announcing the good news of the newborn babies, the provincial department of health said the total number comprised 20 boys and 25 girls.
This year the females have pipped their male counterparts.
Thirty-five of these babies were born in the Cape Town metropole and 10 were born in the rural districts.
The department's principal communication officer, Nadia Ferreira, said im the Eden and Central Karoo districts multiple births were reported at Mowbray Maternity Hospital with a set of twin girls born after 4am.
“The first babies were born at 00.07am – one baby boy at Mowbray Maternity Hospital weighing 2.25kg and 49cm in length and a baby girl born at 00.22am at New Somerset Hospital weighing 2.6kg and 49cm in length.
“Mowbray Maternity Hospital delivered the most New Year's babies where 14 babies (seven boys and seven girls) were welcomed, followed by New Somerset Hospital with five births (one boy and four girls),” Ferreira said.
The department congratulated the parents and families of the new arrivals wishing them well on the magical journey that lies ahead.
Gigaba paid a visit to the new mothers in Khayelitsha on New Year's Day where he also presented them with gifts.
VINCENT CRUYWAGEN
vincentc@thenewage.co.za
Sgt. Raimundo Jimenez, a water purification specialist with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response-Africa, takes blankets from Cpl. Timothy Dykes, a field radio operator with SPMAGTF-CR-AF, at a soup kitchen in Catania, Italy, Dec. 29, 2016. Marines and sailors volunteered their time to help clean up the area and serve food during the holiday season. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alexander Mitchell/released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.29.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 09:26 Photo ID: 3082996 VIRIN: 161229-M-ML847-062 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 11.21 MB Location: CATANIA, IT Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Marines, sailors volunteer at soup kitchen in Italy [Image 1 of 12], by Cpl Alexander Mitchell, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
"This is a momentous victory for the Resistance against the NATO and Gulf state terrorists. The black flags have been torn down in Arsal and the flags of Hezbollah, Lebanon and Syria are flying side by side as a symbol of the unity of anti-imperialist, anti-Zionist forces in the region. The heroes who gave their lives for this hard-won victory will always be remembered and honored by those whose lives and culture had been under threat from the malevolent forces of extremism and terrorism."
"Standing beside Hariri in the White House Rose Garden, Trump said Hezbollah is a threat to Lebanon from within. He called the powerful Shi'ite Muslim group a "menace" to the Lebanese people and to the entire region... U.S. lawmakers introduced legislation last week seeking to increase sanctions on Hezbollah by further restricting its ability to raise money and recruit and increasing pressure on banks that do business with it."
"What happened in Arsal showed that there is actually hope for a better Lebanon. For the first time in years the forces of 'March 14" and "March 8" stood together to fight against Nusra and other terrorist factions. The operation was not only led by Hezbollah, but also by the Lebanese army and the Syrian army. That is why we saw this sweeping victory in battle expected to last at least one month."
"At the start of his televised speech Wednesday, Hezbollah Secretary General Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah said he would not respond to comments made by U.S. President Donald Trump during his meeting with Prime Minister Saad Hariri earlier in the week, so as not to embarrass the Lebanese delegation to Washington."
"The objective is to have the armed groups that Nusra control exit from Lebanon to Syria... This is a righteous battle ... anyone who is hesitant can ask the people [starting in Hermel] who used to have rockets rain down on them ... and behind them all of Bekaa. Let them ask in the areas that suffered [the deaths of] martyrs from car bomb attacks and the areas who were on the verge of being targeted. Let him ask these questions of himself..."
"We took the decision. This is not an Iranian decision; it's not Iran that told Hezbollah ... it is not a Syrian decision, not even in Flita. We called the Syrian leadership and asked them for their help in this area because they had priorities elsewhere ... this is an internal decision."
"Our people today are afraid of no one ... not a [Donald] Trump, or a [George] Bush or a [Barack] Obama or [Ariel] Sharon."
It came unexpectedly, rapidly and with great force: on 21 July 2016, Hezbollah in Lebanon and the Syrian army from their side, in unison, attacked positions of the malevolent terrorist group, Jabhat Fatah al-Sham (formerly known as Al-Nusra Front), in the mountainous province of Jroud Arsal in Bekaa Valley, on the border of two countries.Simultaneously, the Lebanese Army surrounded and hermetically sealed the area around Arsal town, preventing new terrorist forces from entering the battle zone.More than 150 militants were killed. Two dozen Hezbollah fighters lost their lives. Despite the difficult mountainous terrain, the battle was swift, heroic and well coordinated. The group was forced into accepting a ceasefire agreement, which went into effect on 27 July, and which stipulates that all of its fighters will be transferred by the army to a designated area inside Syria (Idlib).Vanessa Beeley, Associate Editor of the 21st Century Wire, wrote this comment for my essay, literally from "the rubble of East Aleppo":Who are these terrorists, based for so long at both sides of the border?The Nusra Front was al Qaeda's official wing since the beginning of the Syrian war, but in 2016 it decided to split, at least formally, from its former mentor. It rapidly 'reinvented' itself. Now it is fighting as part of the Jabhat Fatah al-Sham Islamist Alliance, or more precisely, as its dominant force.Lebanon has often been described as a time bomb, with dormant ISIS cells spread all over the country (even in the predominantly Christian areas), with al Qaeda first and Jabhat Fatah al-Sham later controlling several pockets in the north, and with the constant threat of an Israeli invasion from the south. Tiny Lebanon also has a notoriously weak government, and it is divided along religious lines. For years it has been facing perpetual refugee crises, with Palestinian refugees literally 'stuck' here for decades (with extremely limited rights), and with still more than one million Syrian refugees, most of them forced to flee the brutal war triggered by NATO and its allies in the Gulf.As Hezbollah and the Syrian army were leading a decisive battle against the terrorists, the Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri was meeting U.S. President Donald Trump in Washington D.C., discussing, among other issues, additional U.S. sanctions against Hezbollah, which most Western countries label as a "terrorist group (either entire organization, or at least its military wing)."On 26 July, Reuters reported:Mr. Hariri, a sworn enemy of Syria and its government, said nothing to contradict the U.S. leader. Born in Saudi Arabia (he holds both KSA and Lebanese citizenships),As Trump spoke and Hariri obediently listened, shock waves were running through political and even financial circles in Lebanon. Here,"America's assistance can help to ensure that the Lebanese army is the only defender Lebanon needs," Trump said at a White House news conference. He made sure not to mention the amount of money or type of hardware the U.S. was willing to supply. No details were given. Mr. Hariri never dared to ask publicly.Everyone in the Middle East knows clearly what all this could mean: perhaps the U.S. aid would increase the salaries of top military officers, and even buy few new fancies (US or EU made) weapons, but it would definitely not save Lebanon in case it was once again attacked by Israel, or if it were to be overrun by the huge number of NATO and Gulf-sponsored or directly supported Islamist extremists, who have already been infiltrated for years, into Syrian territory which is right across the border.For now, however, there is much hope and plenty of reasons to celebrate, in both cities and countryside, all across Lebanon. Mr. Modar Nasr (not his real name), a leading young Syrian intellectual presently based in Beirut, explained to me:Now the next stage of this sweeping operation is just beginning. It consists of a frontal attack against Daesh (ISIS) in an adjacent area of the border zone.On 28 July, the Lebanese Army was heavily engaged, using tanks, pounding positions of the Islamic State on the outskirts of Ras Baalbeck.So far, everything has been going according to plan.Where the U.S. and present Lebanese Prime Minister stand, is clear.The leadership of Hezbollah reacted with civility and calm to the events in Washington. On June 26, The Daily Star in Beirut reported:In reference to the ongoing battles, Hassan Nasrallah proclaimed:The speech was concluded by a clear message of defiance and confidence, sent across the ocean to the United States:The balance of power in the Middle East is rapidly changing. The West is discredited, and so are several of its allies. The involvement of Russia and to some extent China, has reassured various regional powers and movements that are fighting, directly or indirectly against both Western occupations and interventions. Countries located as far away as Afghanistan, are watching closely, with great interest.Andre Vltchek is philosopher, novelist, filmmaker and investigative journalist. He's a creator of Vltchek's World in Word and Images , a writer of revolutionary novel Aurora and several other books . He writes especially for the online magazine "New Eastern Outlook."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's currently performing its 12th close flyby of Jupiter , and now NASA 's Juno spacecraft has captured a stunning image of the iconic Great Red Spot.
The colour-enhanced image is a combination of three separate images taken on April 1, as Juno performed its 12th close flyby of Jupiter.
At the time the images were taken, the spacecraft was 15,379 miles to 30,633 miles from the tops of the clouds of the planet, at a southern latitude spanning 43.2 to 62.1 degrees.
Jupiter's Great Red Spot is one of its most iconic features.
(Image: PA)
The spot is actually the biggest storm in the solar system , which appears as a deep red oval, surrounded by swirls of yellow, orange and white.
And while you might think that storms on Earth can be fierce, they're nothing in comparison to the Great Red Spot, according to NASA.
Winds inside the storm have been measured at several hundred miles an hour.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Since it was first discovered in 1831, the Great Red Spot has changed shape - and NASA has no idea how its appearance will change in the future.
Rick Cosentino, a researcher from NASA's Goddard Space Flight Centre, said: “If the trends we see in the Great Red Spot continue, the next five to 10 years could be very interesting from a dynamical point of view.
“We could see rapid changes in the storm's physical appearance and behavior, and maybe the red spot will end up being not so great after all.”
I've been tracking trends for nearly 40 years.
And in that time, I've learned a valuable lesson: Don't ever be surprised when technology advances ahead of even the most ambitious, optimistic predictions.
Look no further than the driverless auto trend to prove that statement right.
In tracking the driverless vehicle trend for the last several years, one thing is very apparent: You can't trust at face value what you hear from automakers and their tech affiliates about the progress they are making.
The path to fully-autonomous vehicles has many twists and turns. While investors need to be weary of the trend of overpromising and under delivering from some automakers, the estimates of how and when autonomous cars will flood the market get sooner and sooner.
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers predicts that, by 2040, driverless vehicles will make up 75% of cars on the road.
But inside the engineering labs at universities, projections for fully-automated vehicles able to navigate complex metro traffic patterns will become reality much sooner, perhaps within the next decade.
In Orlando, Florida, for example, state universities, transportation agencies and the Kennedy Space Center have partnered with the city to begin testing of driverless cars.
One of several sites sanctioned by the Federal Department of Transportation, the effort includes construction of a small simulated city to test the vehicles before they're put to the real test: driving autonomously on Interstate 4 or the Florida Turnpike.
Behind each major advance toward autonomous vehicles are smaller technological advances coming from major universities and tiny tech companies all over the world.
Innovations in virtual reality, augmented reality, artificial intelligence, deep learning, optics, and ever-faster, smaller and more mobile and chip technology are emerging from all corners of the globe.
The market for self-driving vehicle technology is swelling, even beyond expectations made just a year ago that it would reach $100 billion by 2020.
But as it expands worldwide — and beyond cars to a wide variety of vehicles on land and sea — the market grows exponentially.
With big tech players — Google, Qualcomm, NVIDIA, etc. — partnering with automakers from Toyota to Ford, from Mercedes-Benz to Volvo, and across the board, a variety of vehicle platforms, with a different set of options and uses, are being developed.
How to Know if a SMSF is Right For You… Is a self-managed super fund right for YOU? In this special Daily Reckoning report, award-winning wealth manager, Vern Gowdie shows you how to set one up…avoid dodgy advice…and choose the right investments. PLUS you'll get The Daily Reckoning every weekday…absolutely free. Enter your email address below and hit the ‘Claim My Free Report' button now. We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can cancel your subscription at any time.
Technological advances in specific areas, such as virtual reality or optics, are moving to market quickly. They are being introduced feature-by-feature each year in new model vehicles.
This isn't some pipedream, moon-shot technology that you'll never see in your lifetime. Driverless vehicles are more and more a reality…
On its corporate campus in Dearborn, Mich., Ford uses its automated ;Dynamic Shuttle; to move people around.
Mercedes' automated ‘Future Bus' drives itself in special street lanes, can stop at, and leave from, bus stops, and dodges pedestrians and other obstacles.
And in January, driverless buses arrived in Paris, France. The EZ10 buses are starting off slow, only covering a half-mile stretch connecting the Lyons and Austerlitz stations in the city, but, if all goes well the pilot program, it will expand later this year.
So I say: Forget what the automakers and engineers predict for this huge tech trend. It's too strong to slow down.
I am holding to my prediction: By 2025, every major automaker will have driverless vehicles to sell.
And you won't have to wait that long for chances at huge fortunes from this unstoppable trend.
Until next time,
Gerald Celente,
For The Daily Reckoning, Australia
© Austin McKinley, Flickr
Political totalitarianism is coming to America, and it is being ushered in not by government thugs in jackboots but by progressive activists and their allies in Silicon Valley.Thankfully, the First Amendment prohibits the federal government from following such advice, but online companies are taking it upon themselves to stamp-out so-called "hate speech," strangling free speech and the free exchange of ideas in the process.A number of troubling actions by internet companies - Google most prominent among them - are making it increasingly clear that some in Silicon Valley have proclaimed themselves defenders of the progressive, politically correct faith, and that those firms will silence any and all heretics who challenge those beliefs.But Google not only has difficulty empathizing with other points of view - it is also actively trying to suppress them. Google recently made the controversial decision to fire engineer James Damore for authoring an internal memo questioning the company's ideologically motivated diversity practices and highlighting sound scientific research suggesting that possible biological differences between men and women, not discrimination, could be a factor in the tech field's high percentage of men."Emmett says he personally witnessed efforts from leftists within Google to bias YouTube's algorithms to push anti-PC content off the platform's 'related videos' recommendations," Breitbart reported. "The software could just 'astroturf' your Related Videos section [an effort to hurt overall ratings], and you would be none the wiser," said Emmet."Sure, if you know what to look for, perhaps you'd notice," he continued. "But the vast majority of the viewership would never ever know. That's the whole point of such a disinformation program, right? If you can tell it's disinformation, you would never, ever believe it."But the latest commentators to fall victim to this practice are far less controversial: YouTube celebrities andDiamond and Silk. The duo discovered last week that a number of their videos - including one that is two years old - were suddenly demonetized. They have vowed to fight YouTube's efforts to suppress conservative voices and have even raised the possibility of legal action."The same video that is being demonetized has been monetized for two years, so how was it suitable for our advertisers for two years and now all of a sudden there's an issue?" Silk told LifeZette in an exclusive interview.The pair say the demonetization is a transparent attempt at censorship. "How can [YouTube] oust us and say [we're] not suitable for all advertisers?" said Diamond. "Have you spoken to each and every one of you hundreds of thousand of advertisers and said, 'Hey do you want to advertise around Diamond or Silk, yes or no?' or are you as YouTube making this decision for your advertisers?"YouTube is "a social media platform, and a social media platform is a platform for ideas, for all ideas," said Diamond. It's a place "for people to be able to come together and collaborate with those ideas.""So even though people want to call YouTube private, it's open to the public, so when it's open to the public, you cannot discriminate against conservative voices or against people that chose to support the president," she argued."We're being discriminated against because first of all, we're two black people, we don't fit the norm - we're black, Republican conservatives, and we support our president," said Diamond. "What they want to do is control the narrative.""They're putting our videos in a category now as being extremist or 'hate speech,'" said Silk."And that's not fair because now that's defamation," Diamond added.The duo, which gained even more recognition for their consistent support of Trump during the presidential race, wants YouTube to remonetize not just their videos, but also those of other right-wingers who have had their livelihoods altered in a similar fashion."We want to give YouTube the opportunity to make this right, to be inclusive instead of exclusive. We want them to include people and not leave out conservative voices," Diamond said.But "if YouTube does not make this right, then we have to take this a step further," said Diamond. On Thursday the two tweeted, "We Smell A Class Action Lawsuit," and confirmed with LifeZette that they are prepared to follow through on the threat."Listen, they can regulate, but you can't discriminate while you regulate," she said."Because what they're trying to do is dominate, and that's unfair," Diamond said. "It's unfair that we allow Google and YouTube to team up together and really monopolize a sector of the internet."Unfortunately it's not just Google.But although social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter are already known among conservatives for suppressing even mainstream right-wing voices, despite allowing controversial content from the far Left and even radical Islamists to remain online unmolested - non-social-media sites have also begun to target right-wing dissidents.A number of online right-wing commentators - including Southern and former Students for Trump director and independent journalist James Allsup - have even had their Paypal, GoFundMe, or Patreon accounts canceled because of their perceived "support" for "hate speech.""We have a conservative voice, we support our president, we support our country, and we want our voices heard, and if we have fans we want our fans to hear our voices," she said.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Page 3 model Nicola McLean is returning to Celebrity Big Brother , having been in the 2012 series.
The mother of two married footballer Tom Williams in June 2009, and has appeared in Channel 5 TV shows like Help! I've Got a High Maintenance Wife and Generation Sex.
She was also a contestant on I'm A Celebrity in 2008.
Danielle Lloyd is said to be worried about her former friend Nicola and ex-husband Jamie O'Hara going into the house, in case they discuss intimate details of her private life.
Nicola McLean facts at a glance
Age: 35
Date of birth: 16 September 1981
Birthplace: London
Claims to fame: Page 3 Model
Relationship status: Married
* Celebrity Big Brother starts on Channel 5 tomorrow at 9pm
Northern Rivers Dirty Wheels Mountain Bike Club members James Flockton, Cameron Johnston, Sheryn da-Re, and Sue Woolley with MP Kevin Page at the site of the new parking for the local trails near Alstonville.
Northern Rivers Dirty Wheels Mountain Bike Club members James Flockton, Cameron Johnston, Sheryn da-Re, and Sue Woolley with MP Kevin Page at the site of the new parking for the local trails near Alstonville. Marc Stapelberg
MOUNTAIN bikers can look forward to eight kilometres of cross-country and all-mountain trail with sod turned for Duck Creek Mountain Bike Park in Alstonville.
Northern Rivers Dirty Wheels Mountain Bike Club (NRDW) manages the facility as well as New Italy Mountain Bike Forest.
They had the vision for the park some years ago but it finally came to fruition yesterday with the construction of the car-park, which will allow all-weather access to the bike club and grounds.
NRDW was formed in 2012 to support the development of mountain bike facilities in the Northern Rivers, which is seen as having huge untapped potential for the sport.
New parking for mountain bike trail: MOUNTAIN bikers can look forward to eight kilometres of cross-country and all-mountain trail with sod turned for Duck Creek Mountain Bike Park in Alstonville.
There is presently 176 members.
NRDW secretary Sheryn da-Re said the new track would be a mixture of beginner, intermediate and advanced trails.
"Up until we started building theses facilities people were driving up to an hour and a half to get to a mountain biking park, so there's been a real need for a local facility," Ms da-Re said.
"This facility is meant to compliment the one at New Italy where it's about 30 kilometres of cross-country style trail which is reasonably flat... this one is meant to be a little bit more technical and target a slightly different market.
"We've got a lot of teenagers who like that adrenaline rush rather than just punching out kilometres."
Page MP Kevin Hogan inspected work on the new carpark for the club following a Federal Government grant of $15,000.
"Mountain bike riding is an increasingly popular sport in our community and I would like to congratulate the club executive and members who have worked hard to establish the club and grow the sport," Mr Hogan said.
The Duck Creek Mountain Bike Club will match the funding in-kind and have started a GoFundMe campaign with a $20,000 goal to help to necessary construction tools and equipment.
NRDW hope to open the facility mid-2018.
Bluff The Listener Our panelists read three stories about a unique used furniture shop find, only one of which is true.
LONDON — When Thiago Silva moved to Russia more than a decade ago, tuberculosis nearly derailed his career.
This year, the Brazil defender will be back in the country playing at the World Cup.
The 33-year-old Silva joined Dynamo Moscow in 2005 but soon felt chest pain that needed to be checked out. It was found to be tuberculosis, which put him in the hospital for five months. Russian doctors even considered removing part of his lungs.
"That would have ended my career, I needed guardian angels to take me away," Silva said this week at the Brazilian team's training camp in London. "I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year. It is different for me to play there. I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy."
Silva, who now plays for Paris Saint-Germain alongside Brazil teammate Neymar, never played a match for Dynamo but ended up being the captain of his national team at the last World Cup. In Russia, though, Silva may struggle to find a starting position under coach Tite.
Another PSG player, Marquinhos, and Inter Milan defender Miranda have started most of Brazil's matches in the last two years.
When Silva had his health issues in 2005, it was Dynamo coach Ivo Wortmann who stopped the defender from having surgery on his lungs.
"I knew Thiago from Brazil, took him to Porto B and approved his transfer to Russia," Wortmann, who is also Brazilian, told The Associated Press.
Silva's mother, Angela, and his wife, Isabelle, also thought the surgery was unnecessary.
"I told them no one would open my husband up and end his dream," Isabelle said. "I am not a doctor, but no one believed he should go through surgery.
Stock Market Sees Its Worst Weekly Performance In 2 Years The stock market took a big dive on Friday amid growing worries about inflation. The Dow Jones industrial average fell about 666 points, or 2.54 percent. The market saw its worst weekly performance in two years.
"We'll have our chances to work together," the QB said. "I'm not going to go into it more than that. It's not really anybody else's business."
Jones has gone silent on social media and hasn't spoken in months to the Atlanta media, but he did provide some reassuring words to Falcons fans when the gossip site TMZ caught up with him last weekend as he was leaving a swanky restaurant in West Hollywood .
"Everyone wants a story right now. There's no story to be told," Jones insisted. "I'm just working on getting myself better. I'm just working on myself right now. That's all that is. There's no bad blood between me and the team or anything like that."
Jones insisted that he plans to remain with the Falcons for the rest of his career, echoing a sentiment expressed by owner Arthur Blank.
"Everybody on the outside (is) trying to look in and trying to destroy what we built there," Jones said. "I'm not going anywhere. I'll be there. I love the team. I love the organization. I love everybody there. I'm good."
Still, Jones' decision to skip OTAs has been a major topic of conversation around Atlanta, with fans and sports talk radio weighing in almost daily on his future with a team that reached the Super Bowl during the 2016 season and the second round of the playoffs last season.
Everyone can rest easy, Quinn insisted.
Jones has assured his coach that he'll be at the team's mandatory minicamp, which is scheduled for June 12-14.
"The guys who are really close to him, obviously they keep up," Quinn said outside the locker room after practice. "It's not like they don't hang out and talk on the phone and do stuff together. They may not be spending the amount of time here, in the building, that they normally do. But that doesn't mean they don't spend time away from here. So, no issues on our end.
"I know he's working really hard. I've had contact with him, obviously. We can't wait to get him back, here, with the guys. But he's really putting good work in. I think we'll see the results of that work, hopefully soon."
The 29-year-old Jones is a huge weapon in the Falcons' offence , using his rare combination of speed, size and power to shake off constant double-teams. Last season, he had 88 catches for 1,444 yards — his fourth straight season with at least 80 receptions and 1,400 receiving yards. In 2015, he had one of the greatest seasons ever by an NFL receiver — 136 catches (tied for the second most in league history behind Marvin Harrison's 143) and 1,871 yards (surpassed only by Calvin Johnson's record of 1,954) .
Ryan certainly recognizes the bond he has with his favourite receiver.
They've been together since 2011. They won't be any trouble getting back in sync, Ryan said confidently.
As soon as Jones shows up, that is.
"No concern," Ryan said. "He's always been extremely well prepared coming into seasons, going into games. Talk about being on the same page: we've played together for a long time. When he's healthy and he feels good , like he does right now ... it's very easy to get on the same page. He's so talented. So, we're fine."
___
Follow Paul Newberry on Twitter at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
___
For more AP NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Paul Newberry, The Associated Press
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ant McPartlin took his beloved dog Hurley to the Britain's Got Talent auditions in London yesterday.
During the 'bring your dog to work day', Ant proudly walked his chocolate Labrador into the London Palladium.
And if he's worried about losing his dog in his upcoming divorce - he didn't show it.
The TV star faces a custody battle with his estranged wife Lisa Armstrong - over their beloved dog.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: WENN.com)
Ant wasn't the only BGT star to take their dog to work yesterday, his pal Ant also brought his sausage dog Rocky along.
Judge Amanda Holden also took her dogs Buddy and Rudie to get "spoiled" on the set.
Meanwhile, comedian David Walliams took his terrier Burt and insisted he was the "best behaved and cutest dog" on the day.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: WENN.com)
Meanwhile, after admitting he is to blame for the breakdown in his 11 year marriage, Ant is said to be happy to pay a £30million divorce settlement to Lisa.
But insiders say the couple's chocolate Labrador Hurley will be one of the most contested aspects of the case with both of them keen to keep the pet.
Ant, 42, has been seen paying regular visits to his marital home in west London to take the five-year-old pooch for walks.
(Image: Splash News)
Hurley was even given special dispensation to visit the star while he was in rehab last year.
Meanwhile, makeup artist Lisa's Instagram account is filled with snaps of Hurley, who she describes as 'her boy'.
Ant will reportedly be ordered to share custody of the dog in order to see the marriage end amicably out of court, according to The Sun.
(Image: Instagram/lisaamkup)
(Image: Instagram/lisaamkup)
He is also believed to be prepared to give Lisa their £6million mansion - situated next to best pal Declan Donnelly's home - in the split.
The Sun quoted a source as saying: "It's a very sensitive situation because they always thought they would raise [Hurley] together, but they are currently sharing custody and there will be a formal agreement made in the coming weeks.
"No final decision has been made about the house but Ant moved out last year to allow Lisa to stay there and accepts that it is her choice if she wants to stay."
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
It comes as it was reported that Ant wants to make sure Lisa is 'financially and emotionally supported' after their split is made official.
According to an insider, Ant is said to be happy to give Lisa half of his TV fortune if agreed by their lawyers.
"He wants things to be amicable and doesn't want a drawn out court battle with Lisa," a source told The Sun .
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"He still views her as a best friend and wants them both to be able to walk away from the marriage positively," they added.
While a source close to Lisa told the paper: “She is not motivated by money and doesn't want a fight. But this was a real shock to her so she's not going to rush things either.”
Ant previously admitted he is to blame for the break-up after spending months apart from wife Lisa every year.
After confirming the couple are getting divorced, the Geordie star was spotted out with his mum Christine just hours after confirming the couple are getting divorced.
Wearing a Newcastle United hat and walking dog Hurley, the 42-year-old showed the strain of the split and his battle with pill and booze ­addiction.
He looked like he had not slept for days and he appeared to have a bandaged hand.
(Image: PA)
As the pair strolled near the home he shared with Lisa, 41, in West London, a source said: “Ant and Lisa have tried to make things work but they have been drifting apart for some time and their relationship has been over as a proper marriage for months.
“Ant has been difficult to live with for a long time and was keeping more and more secrets from Lisa the longer the marriage went on.
“They got to a difficult place and there was no way their relationship could recover, the best thing now is they both move on.”
Earlier, the presenter's spokesman said: “In response to the recent speculation in the media, Ant is very sad to announce that, after 11 years, he is ending his marriage to Lisa.
“Ant asks for privacy at this difficult time, for both himself, Lisa and their immediate families. No further statement will be made.”
(Image: FilmMagic)
Ant, who spent the weekend with Christine in a rented property, has been living apart from Strictly make-up artist Lisa since leaving rehab last year where he was treated for depression, alcohol and pill abuse.
He had struggled with a two-year addiction to super-strength painkillers after a knee operation in 2015.
It is believed that was when the marriage started to go downhill. When he entered rehab Ant admitted he had “let down” Lisa as well as pal and co-presenter Dec Donnelly, 42.
(Image: Getty)
Asked later where it left the marriage, he said: “All I can say at the moment is that she's been amazing, fantastic throughout. Time will tell. It's very personal, isn't it.
“I've put Lisa through hell with mood swings and depression and how it affects you. I'm very sorry about the effect it has on partners. This kind of stuff puts strains on any marriage.
"In hindsight, I should have mentioned it earlier but you're embarrassed about it. I was at the point where anything, prescription drugs, non-prescription drugs… I would take.
“And take them with alcohol, which is ridiculous. The doctors told me, ‘You could have killed yourself.'”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The couple were together for 23 years after meeting at a Smash Hits concert in Newcastle in the mid-90s. Lisa was an aspiring pop star in Deuce and Ant was performing with Dec as PJ & Duncan.
He proposed in Dubai. The pair tied the knot in 2006, at St Nicholas' Church in Taplow, Bucks. Dec was best man.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Ant later told how the couple ­struggled to conceive, which put a strain on the relationship for a number of years.
He told Radio Times magazine in 2013: “There's a rumour that we do everything together and I'm holding off having kids till Dec finds himself Mrs Right.
“I love that idea, but I'm afraid it's not true. Lisa and I would love to have kids. We're trying. It's tougher than you think when you get a bit older.” And the pair spend months apart due to his TV work.
Ant is on the road with Britain's Got Talent at the start of the year, and on Tuesday will be with Dec in Blackpool for the new series.
There is also his Saturday Night ­Takeaway and he ends the year with more than a month in Australia for I'm A Celebrity.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Last year he spent further time away from Lisa with Dec in Ireland as they made a documentary for ITV.
The source said: “They spent up to three months of the year apart and it was fine when things were good because they would rush back or make time for each other but that hasn't happened in recent times and they became more distant.
“Then when he came out he never returned home and it was the beginning of the end.” Lisa has not spoken publicly about the marriage since her husband went into rehab.
Although when ­allegations they had split surfaced in mid-November she wrote: “I'm not estranged.”
She hoped there was still a chance of reconciliation.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: James Saligari)
Lisa did post a picture on Twitter giving a clue as to how she felt about last year, throwing out a bag of rubbish labelled 2017 while holding her nose.
Dec was spotted out in London walking his dog with wife Ali. The situation is ­difficult for the couple as Ant has confided in his pal to help him over his crisis, while Ali has been friends with Lisa for more than a decade.
A source added: “It is a very tricky time for Dec and Ali, they have been vital in trying to keep every as happy as possible when emotions are running high.”
Small Saves: Applause
In the latest edition of Small Saves, our diminutive hero and his friends are looking for a little more crowd support.
ALBANY, N.Y. — Pauly Paulicap had 13 points and 13 rebounds, Rich Williams added 10 points and 11 boards and Manhattan beat Siena 51-47 on Friday night.
Zane Waterman's layup with 2:38 left gave the Jaspers (11-13, 6-6 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference) the lead for good at 49-47. A Manhattan turnover with 15 seconds left gave the Saints (7-17, 3-8) a chance to tie or go ahead with their final possession. Paulicap blocked Ahsante Shivers' layup attempt out of bounds with 2.1 seconds left. Zavier Turner stole it from Siena's Thomas Huerter Jr. on the ensuing inbound play and added a pair of free throws to cap the scoring.
Manhattan trailed by nine points at halftime before erasing its deficit with 11 straight points to lead 42-39 just past the midpoint of the second half.
Kadeem Smithen led Siena with 18 points, Evan Fisher scored 10, and Prince Oduro had 12 rebounds to go with six points.
LONDON (AP) — Global stocks rose on the first day of 2017, though trading volumes were thin as many major markets observed New Year's holidays.
KEEPING SCORE: Germany's DAX was up 0.8 percent at 11,574 and France's CAC 40 was 0.4 percent higher at 4,883. Italy's FTSE MIB was up 1.5 percent at 18,520, though trading was still suspended in the shares of Monte dei Paschi di Siena, the bank that is due to get a government bailout. Britain's FTSE 100, which closed at a record high on Friday, remained closed.
UPBEAT DATA: Markets were buoyed by a report showing the manufacturing sector in the 19-country eurozone grew at the fastest rate in 68 months in December. The so-called purchasing managers' index rose to 54.9 points from 53.7 points in November. Also helping sentiment was a report published Sunday showing that China's manufacturing sector continued to expand in December, though at a slightly slower pace than the month before.
ANALYST TAKE: “While the eurozone seems to have ended 2016 on the up in economic terms, we are concerned that GDP growth could be increasingly hampered in 2017 by political uncertainties,” said Howard Archer, global economist at IHS Markit. Those uncertainties include Britain's formal start to talks to leave the European Union and elections in France and the Netherlands, where far right parties that favor leaving the euro are expected to do well.
HOLIDAY IMPACT: Trading was slow as many markets were closed to observe the New Year's holiday. Besides Britain, markets were closed in Japan, China and Hong Kong and were due to remain shut in New York. Of those that did trade in Asia, India's Sensex ended the day 0.1 percent lower at 26,595.45 while South Korea's KOSPI was flat at 2,026.16.
CURRENCIES: The dollar started the new year with broad gains in currency markets. It was at 117.30 yen, up from 117.00 the previous day. The euro was trading at $1.0477, from $1.0443.
Trading in several commodities, including crude oil, was closed on Monday.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
"We estimate that a close approach of one of these wanderers that is able to affect our solar system should occur every 100 billion years or so, or nearly 10 times the age of the universe."
In a new study published in the Astrophysical Journal Letters, researchers from Yale, the University of Washington, Institut d'Astrophysique de Paris, and University College London predict that galaxies with a mass similar to the Milky Way should host several supermassive black holes.The team used a new, state-of-the-art cosmological simulation, Romulus, to predict the dynamics of SMBHs within galaxies with better accuracy than previous simulation programs.
Astronomers are beginning to understand what happens when black holes get the urge to roam the Milky Way. Typically, a supermassive black hole (SMBH) exists at the core of a massive galaxy. But sometimes SMBHs may "wander" throughout their host galaxy, remaining far from the center in regions such as the stellar halo, a nearly spherical area of stars and gas that surrounds the main section of the galaxy.
Astronomers theorize that this phenomenon often occurs as a result of mergers between galaxies in an expanding universe. A smaller galaxy will join with a larger, main galaxy, depositing its own, central SMBH onto a wide orbit within the new host.
"It is extremely unlikely that any wandering supermassive black hole will come close enough to our Sun to have any impact on our solar system," said lead author Michael Tremmel, a postdoctoral fellow at the Yale Center for Astronomy and Astrophysics.
Tremmel said that since wandering SMBHs are predicted to exist far from the centers of galaxies and outside of galactic disks, they are unlikely to accrete more gas—making them effectively invisible. "We are currently working to better quantify how we might be able to infer their presence indirectly," Tremmel said.
The Daily Galaxy via Yale University
Image credit: NRAO
A water quality analyst with the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality reached a plea deal with prosecutors in the Flint water crisis
Adam Rosenthal is expected to appear in court as early as Tuesday.
He's expected to plead no contest to a misdemeanor charge.
Prosecutors said Rosenthal had been warned by Flint Water Plant officials they were not ready when the switch was made.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Despite the growth of the club game and riches of the Champions League, the World Cup remains the biggest prize in football.
And this summer, one of the lesser nations could make it to the final after a host of big boys exited.
Germany, Argentina, Spain and Portugal are all already out - with England among the sides in quarter-finals.
Gareth Southgate's men have been a revelation so far this summer and will fancy their chances of getting to the semis - or even all the way - after being drawn against Sweden.
But when will we know who the next world champions are? Here's all you need to know...
When is the World Cup Final?
(Image: AFP)
The fun and games in Russia will culminate on Sunday, July 15 at 4pm.
The final takes place at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow.
How can I watch it?
(Image: Lars Baron - FIFA)
The final will be broadcast on both the BBC and ITV.
Should you not be near a television then you'll be able to follow all the action here on Mirror Football.
Trump: 'I Wish I Did' Pick A Different Attorney General Than Sessions
Enlarge this image toggle caption Evan Vucci/AP Evan Vucci/AP
Updated at 10:19 a.m. ET
President Trump resumed his attacks against Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Wednesday following reports that he had asked Sessions to un-recuse himself from the Russia investigation — and after more erosion of his claim that the FBI spied on his campaign.
Trump used his Twitter account to echo the comments of House Oversight Committee chairman Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., who has been using TV appearances to try to offer some nuanced support to Trump.
Gowdy told CBS on Wednesday he could sympathize with Trump's frustrations about Sessions based on what he called Sessions' reticence about his willingness to take part in the Russia probe.
Gowdy said the problem wasn't necessarily because there had been any wrongdoing in that case, but that Sessions hadn't said before he became attorney general that he felt he couldn't take part in the matter.
Trump quoted Gowdy and added his own epigram: "'....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!' And I wish I did!"
Trump's and Gowdy's comments followed a story in The New York Times that said Trump had asked Sessions to reverse his recusal in the Russia case.
Trump wanted Sessions to take control of the Russia matter, The Times reported, in order to protect him — he evidently felt he could exercise more control over Sessions than Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed special counsel Robert Mueller.
Gowdy sought on Fox News on Tuesday and then on CBS on Wednesday to put Trump's views into the context of the president's perspective: Trump told then-FBI Director James Comey, according to Comey's memos, that he hadn't done anything wrong but that if any of his staff members had, he wanted the FBI to find out.
And the FBI was doing just that when it sent a confidential informant to meet with three Trump campaign aides in 2016, Gowdy said.
"I am even more convinced the FBI did what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got and that it has nothing to do with Donald Trump," he said.
Gowdy emphasized the goal was to find out about Russia's interference in the election, not to spy on Trump's campaign — the opposite of what Trump has claimed. Trump repeated his claim that the FBI was spying on him and his campaign on Tuesday night at a rally in Nashville.
Gowdy and House intelligence committee chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., received a secret briefing last week about the FBI's use of the confidential human source. Gowdy, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and others who have been briefed on the matter say nothing they've learned has shaken their confidence in the FBI or Mueller.
Trump and his supporters have spent months attacking Mueller, the FBI and the Justice Department with a variety of charges, including alleged "abuse of power," "bias" and others, which critics call an attempt to undercut public faith in federal law enforcement ahead of whatever Mueller's office discovers.
'Never a target'
Gowdy said in his interviews that Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray have made clear to him that Trump was never a target of the FBI's investigation. The two leaders are "stunned," he said, whenever people think the president is a target.
That comports with the assurances that Comey has said he gave Trump in confidential conversations during his time as FBI director — although Comey also declined to announce that publicly. If FBI investigators were to discover wrongdoing by Trump and he did become a target, a prior public announcement would have created a duty for the FBI to correct its past announcement, Comey said.
Gowdy pointed out that no one knows whether Mueller is conducting a criminal investigation. What he inherited from the FBI under Comey was a counterintelligence investigation, focused on the work of Russia's spy services and their outreach to Americans.
To be sure, however, Mueller's office has filed criminal charges against a number of people, including Trump's former campaign chairman, deputy campaign chairman, national security adviser and others.
And the scope of the special counsel's investigation may include whether Trump broke the law in trying to frustrate the Russia investigation — by asking Comey to lay off, by reportedly asking other intelligence bosses how to get Comey off the case, by firing Comey or by leaning on Sessions. Obstruction of justice is a criminal matter.
Gowdy told Fox News that he thought Trump should grant an interview to Mueller and his investigators in order to clear all this up.
"I have always said, I think you ought to sit down ... you've told us publicly there was no collusion, there was no obstruction," Gowdy said. "Say in private what you've said publicly."
The president and his attorneys are frustrated by the swirling allegations and the case hasn't been helped by Democrats who have tried to use the special counsel investigation as a weapon against Trump, Gowdy complained.
When critics such as House intelligence committee ranking member Adam Schiff, D-Calif., don't say that Trump isn't a target, they're "doing a disservice to all our fellow citizens," Gowdy said.
What about Trump, Gowdy was asked on CBS — why does he keep charging the FBI and Justice Department with spying that didn't happen? The South Carolina congressman responded by distancing himself from Trump.
"I don't know," he said. "I've never met or talked to the president."
A spokeswoman later confirmed to NPR the two men had never met, spoken or "communicated."
Officers stationed at the intersection to ensure closure of roads leading to the scene extended barricades and discouraged members of the crowd from bellowing comments at the man, asking them to let negotiators do their job.
One woman, who said she knew the man well, told media he was distressed about a recent breakup. Another acquaintance said the man was recently restricted from the Bridges homeless shelter, located just blocks away.
At several points during the negotiations, the man, wearing a black winter coat with fur trim and camouflaged pants, could be seen curled up in the chimney, smoking a cigarette, flipping through pages of a book or sifting through his backpack.
On several occasions, he tossed items to the ground, including clothes. Some recovered items, including a digital device, were found in the parking lot and on the banks of the Grand River, where the restaurant is located, are being investigated as stolen.
About five hours into talks, the man became visibly agitated, removing his coat and climbing down from the vent. Jumping down to a lower-level flat-topped section of the roof, he began to pace around the roof, surveying its edges and looking down at police positioned on the ground around the restaurant.
A short time later, he climbed to the peak again, and with negotiators watching in trepidation, swung over the peak to slide down the opposite side, hanging only by his fingertips for a moment.
“We think he was looking for a way to escape,” said Goodman, “but there was no safe way to go.”
After becoming pinned in by an adjoining wall, the man scaled back to the peak, making his way to the vent, lying down across it for a short time.
In a sudden move sparking gasps from the street below, the man was on his feet, balancing unsecured on the peak, motioning to police. He then walked quickly toward negotiators, and calmly surrendered.
After more than four hours the man teeters across the pitch of the Cambridge Mill roof into the hands of negotiators. Crowd gathered in the street applauds. @WRPSToday #patience pic.twitter.com/nBB6ycAtVU — Lisa Rutledge (@LisaReporting) April 24, 2018
A few minutes later, the man could be seen sitting at a table with police, eating and looking down at the intersection below.
The man was taken to Cambridge Memorial Hospital for a mental health assessment, and charges are pending.
Throughout the morning, Cambridge Mill general manager Alex Kastner was outside the restaurant, offering assistance to investigators, while trying to co-ordinate lunch service cancellations.
He said the company is grateful to emergency services for their response and for ensuring a safe conclusion.
“The ending to what happened was obviously the preferred one to some of the alternatives, and we hope that he gets the help he needs,” Kastner said.
Once permitted to re-enter the restaurant, Kastner said staff began assessing damages, potential theft and ascertaining how the man entered the building.
“Our alarm system is fairly high functioning and responded almost immediately, so he was probably only in the building about three or four minutes before police were dispatched.”
Bengaluru: Chief Minister Siddaramaiah filed his nomination from a second constituency, Badami in north Karnataka, as the deadline for entering the fray for the May 12 assembly polls ended on Tuesday with a total of over 3,900 nominations submitted since the process was initiated.
As the curtains came down, there was the last day rush with over 1,730 nominations filed today, according to state electoral authorities.
Over 3,925 nominations had been filed for 224 Assembly seats, the authorities said.
Scrutiny would be taken up tomorrow and the last day for withdrawal of candidature is April 27.
Siddaramaiah filed his papers from Badami in Bagalkot district in north Karnataka.
Seeking to turn the poll battle fiercer, the BJP fielded party Lok Sabha member and Scheduled Tribe leader B Sriramulu, who also filed his papers from Badami, making it his second constituency.
Siddaramaiah has already filed his nomination from Chamundeshwari in Mysuru and Sriramulu from Molakalmuru in Chitradurga district.
The chief minister's nomination from Badami came after days of speculation on whether he would be contesting from a second constituency.
Siddaramaiah after reaching Badami, the regal capital of erstwhile Chalukya dynasty which ruled between the 6th and the 12th centuries, offered prayers at the Banashankari temple and held a roadshow before filing his nomination.
The chief minister was accompanied by Congress working president S R Patil and sitting MLA Chimmanakatti, among others, as he filed his papers.
Speaking to reporters at Badami, Siddaramaiah maintained he was under pressure from local party leaders in Bagalkote and Vijayapura districts to contest from Badami, as it would 'benefit' the Congress' prospects in the region.
He said "there was also pressure on the high command. As the high command directed me to contest from north Karnataka, I'm contesting from here."
Hitting out at the BJP leaders for their taunt that he was contesting from Badami out of fear of defeat in Chamundeshwari, he pointed out that even Prime Minister Narendra Modi had contested the 2014 Lok Sabha polls from two constituencies.
"Was he scared of defeat?" he questioned.
"People of north Karnataka out of love and affection asked me to contest from the region. Bowing to their demand, the high command and Rahul Gandhi directed me to contest. So I'm contesting," he added.
Badami with a strong presence of Kurubas, the community that Siddaramaiah belongs to, is seen as a far safer option for him than Chamundeshwari, where the battle is projected to be tough.
The Congress had earlier announced Devraj Patil as its candidate from Badami, but his name was replaced with Siddaramaiah in the second list on April 22.
BJP has decided to make Badami tough for Siddaramaiah and, in a last minute move, the party announced Sriramulu as its candidate.
Sriramulu, a close confidant of mining baron G Janardhana Reddy, filed his nomination in the presence of state BJP chief B S Yeddyurappa, Leader of Opposition in the assembly Jagadish Shettar, Union Minister Prakash Javadekar and party general secretary Muralidhar Rao.
A prominent ST leader of BJP in the state, Sriramulu also offered prayers to Banashankari, the deity of Chalukya Empire, before filing his nomination.
Stating that he was contesting from Badami on the orders of the high command, Sriramulu said "our only intention" is BJP's win and to make Yeddyurappa Chief Minister."
He asserted that the BJP was strong in Badami and he would win.
GOP Baseball Practice Shooting: Suspect Has Been Identified
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
We're here with our White House correspondent, Tamara Keith, and other correspondents around the Washington region, as we await a statement from President Trump responding to today's shooting at a baseball diamond outside Washington, D.C., a baseball diamond on which something more than 20 senators and members of Congress - Republicans all - were practicing, holding a baseball practice, preparing for a congressional baseball game against Democrats, which is scheduled for tomorrow night. This is an event that unfolded in the early hours of the morning...
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
Early hours - around 7 a.m. Eyewitnesses, people who were there, remember - recount hearing gunshots, one after the other, and then dozens and dozens. They say that they heard as many as 50 or more gunshots. Eventually, when the shooting had subsided, five people were taken to the hospital. We know that the third-ranking Republican in the House of Representatives, Steve Scalise, was among them. He was shot in the hip. He went into surgery and is now out of surgery and in stable condition at this point.
INSKEEP: And we can now confirm - NPR can confirm the identity of the shooter. Two federal law enforcement sources now confirmed the identity of this man. He is identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Ill. He's been described elsewhere as a man in his mid-60s. And we don't know very much about this individual other than that he's somewhat older. And that is the name that we have.
And of course, we know the behavior that police are describing this morning, that he appeared to know where he was going, went to this place where it was known that Republican members of Congress and senators were regularly practicing, that one shot was fired and then many, many more. And he continued shooting until shot himself by Capitol Police.
MARTIN: Officials held a press conference this morning and tried to fill in some of the gaps in the events that transpired. They said at this point, they believe this to be an isolated incident. They say the scene is secure. The community is secure. They also said it is too early to determine motive, too early to know whether or not this was a targeted attack.
INSKEEP: We want to mention that a lectern has been set up in the Diplomatic Room of the White House today. There's a portrait of George Washington on the wall over a fireplace. Back behind that podium - back behind that lectern, rather - a couple of flags back there, the presidential flag, the American flag. And we expect President Trump to be standing there in the next few moments.
Now, as we wait for the president, let's hear a few accounts of this morning. First, we're going to play a little bit of tape from our interview with Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona. He is among those who dove for shelter in the first-base dugout as the security detail for Congressman Steve Scalise fired back at the gunman.
JEFF FLAKE: We dove for the dugout - those of us who were on the field still. And Steve Scalise went down and dragged himself off of the infield into the outfield about 10 or 15 yards and was laying motionless out there. But there was gunfire going overhead, so I couldn't get out there. And another staff member with a leg wound, who was shot in the field, made it to the dugout and came in. And we put - got a belt and put pressure on his wound.
INSKEEP: Put pressure on his wound. Congressman Scalise had to wait out there in the outfield, apparently, until the shooter was finally stopped. And then Senator Flake and others raced out to him, put pressure on his wound. And we're told he's been in the hospital and is reportedly out of surgery at this time.
MARTIN: And NPR's Tamara Keith, White House correspondent, is in the studio with us, of course. We've heard from the president this morning, Tamara?
TAMARA KEITH, BYLINE: Yeah. We have heard from the president this morning. The White House put out a statement. And also, he made a statement on Twitter saying, Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
We know that the president and the vice president have been speaking with members of Congress, including some of those who were there. The president also spoke with Steve Scalise's wife and the chief of staff.
MARTIN: This really is a moment for this president. This is the first time he will have to come out and make remarks after a shooting like this. So this is - this is another kind of political test for him.
KEITH: Yeah. You know, presidents are often defined by things they can't control - events that they weren't planning for. You know, the president was supposed to be talking about workforce development today. Now he is talking about the shooting of the third-ranking congressmen in the House of Representatives.
And President Trump has shown that he can come out, and he can read from a teleprompter and say the words that need to be said. And he has made the phone calls. Where this goes from here, in terms of politics, is very much a different question.
INSKEEP: I'm glad you mentioned politics, Tamara Keith, because this is certainly a difficult moment for all the leaders of this country because it's a moment when you would like the country to come together. You would like the country to be on the same page. But there're already, it seems, a few very subtle signs of the partisan divisions that have torn the country. There is a partisan symbolism to this whole thing.
It was a Republican baseball team getting ready to play a Democratic baseball team, a little more light-spirited than partisanship often is. But it was Republicans who were targeted. We don't know what that means. We don't know precisely what was on the mind of the shooter, and we may not for some time, if ever. But there will be a cast to this because it was Republicans who were targeted, also because this was an incident involving firearms - high-powered firearms.
KEITH: Because this is another incident of gun violence, and we've seen in past incidents, it doesn't really matter who the victims are. People go into their corners. And already, you're hearing, well, at least there were good guys with guns there, which has long been a Republican talking point. And then you're hearing others on the Democratic side saying, this is why we need fewer guns, and we need fewer guns on the streets.
So already, that conversation is beginning as it has - you know, it began after Sandy Hook. It began after the Pulse Nightclub shooting. It's a conversation that, you know, might be stalled for a few hours, and then it begins again.
INSKEEP: And maybe it's our obligation as journalists just to point out that the underlying facts about which people may well be arguing in the days and weeks, months to come are not fully known at this time.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
'Shape Of Water,' 'Big Little Lies' Snag Most Golden Globe Nominations
Enlarge this image toggle caption Hilary Bronwyn Gayle/AP Hilary Bronwyn Gayle/AP
The nominees for the 2018 Golden Globe Awards were announced early Monday morning in Beverly Hills, Calif.
Guillermo del Toro's fantasy The Shape of Water — a dreamy love story between a mute janitor in a government lab and an amphibian man in tank — snagged the most motion picture nominations, with seven. Upcoming Pentagon Papers drama The Post and the darkly comic Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri got six apiece.
In television, the domestic melodrama Big Little Lies led the pack with six nominations, followed by Feud: Bette and Joan, Fargo, The Handmaid's Tale and This Is Us. HBO, Netflix and FX productions got the most TV nominations.
Both Big Little Lies and The Handmaid's Tale took home multiple awards at September's Emmy Awards.
The big winner at the 2017 Globes was La La Land, which took seven, including best motion picture, comedy or musical. But the night's final award went to Barry Jenkins' Moonlight, which won for best motion picture, drama.
Last year's ceremony was notable for other reasons, including a marked increase in diversity among the nominees and Meryl Streep's calling out President Trump for mocking a disabled reporter.
This year's awards — the 75th annual — will be hosted by Seth Myers and broadcast live on NBC on January 7.
Without futher ado, the nominees are:
Best Motion Picture – Drama
Call Me By Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Motion Picture – Comedy or Musical
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
Lady Bird
I, Tonya
Enlarge this image toggle caption Fox Searchlight Pictures/AP Fox Searchlight Pictures/AP
Best Actress in a Motion Picture — Drama
Jessica Chastain, Molly's Game
Sally Hawkins, The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep, The Post
Michelle Williams, All the Money in the World
Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Timothée Chalamet, Call Me By Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis, Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks, The Post
Gary Oldman, The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, ESQ
Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige, Mudbound
Hong Chau, Downsizing
Allison Janney, I, Tonya
Laurie Metcalf, Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water
Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe, The Florida Project
Armie Hammer, Call Me By Your Name
Richard Jenkins, The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer, All The Money In The World
Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Actress in a Motion Picture — Musical or Comedy
Judi Dench, Victoria & Abdul
Helen Mirren, The Leisure Seeker
Margot Robbie, I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan, Lady Bird
Emma Stone, Battle of the Sexes
Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Steve Carell, Battle Of The Sexes
Ansel Elgort, Baby Driver
James Franco, The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman, The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya, Get Out
Best Director – Motion Picture
Guillermo Del Toro, The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Christopher Nolan, Dunkirk
Ridley Scott, All The Money In The World
Steven Spielberg, The Post
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture
Guillermo Del Toro, Vanessa Taylor, The Shape of Water
Greta Gerwig, Lady Bird
Liz Hannah, Josh Singer, The Post
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Aaron Sorkin, Molly's Game
Best Animated Feature Film
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best Foreign Language Film
Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best TV Comedy Series
black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Best Television Drama Series
The Crown
The Handmaid's Tale
This Is Us
Stranger Things
Game of Thrones
Best Limited TV Series or Movie
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud: Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake: China Girl
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anne Marie Fox/AP Anne Marie Fox/AP
Best Actress in a TV Comedy or Musical
Pamela Adlon, Better Things
Alison Brie, GLOW
Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae, Insecure
Frankie Shaw, SMILF
Best Actor in a TV Comedy or Musical
Anthony Anderson, black-ish
Aziz Ansari, Master of None
Kevin Bacon, I Love Dick
William H. Macy, Shameless
Eric McCormack, Will & Grace
Best Actress in a TV Drama
Caitriona Balfe, Outlander
Claire Foy, The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Deuce
Katherine Langford, 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
Best Actor in a TV Drama
Jason Bateman, Ozark
Sterling K. Brown, This Is Us
Freddie Highmore, The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber, Ray Donovan
Best Actress in a Limited TV Series or Movie
Jessica Biel, The Sinner
Nicole Kidman, Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange, Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon, Feud: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon, Big Little Lies
Best Actor in a Limited TV Series or Movie
Robert De Niro, The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law, The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan, Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor, Fargo
Geoffrey Rush, Genius
Best Supporting Actress, Television
Laura Dern, Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd, The Handmaid's Tale
Chrissy Metz, This Is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer, The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley, Big Little Lies
Best Supporting Actor, Television
David Harbour, Stranger Things
Alfred Molina, Feud: Bette and Joan
Christian Slater, Mr. Robot
Alexander Skarsgård, Big Little Lies
David Thewlis, Fargo
Best Original Score – Motion Picture
Carter Burwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Alexandre Desplat, The Shape of Water
Jonny Greenwood, Phantom Thread
John Williams, The Post
Hans Zimmer, Dunkirk
Best Original Song – Motion Picture
"Home," Ferdinand
"Mighty River," Mudbound
"Remember Me," Coco
"The Star," The Star
"This Is Me," The Greatest Showman
NPR's Bill Chappell contributed to this report.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
U.S. Airmen from the 165th Airlift Wing, Georgia Air National Guard, and the 175th Wing, Maryland Air National Guard, load cargo on a K loader for transport to Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands for Hurricane Maria relief and recovery efforts, Savannah, Ga., October 6, 2017. The 165th Airlift Wing and Air Dominance Center are serving as a hub and spoke operation for aircraft flying to and from Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands providing vital supplies and personnel needed for relief and recovery efforts. (U.S. Air National Guard video by Senior Master Sgt. Roger Parsons)
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Virginia Tech-Chattanooga Box
VIRGINIA TECH 64, CHATTANOOGA 44
VIRGINIA TECH (9-2)
Berry 2-5 3-4 7, Magarity 6-15 2-2 14, Brooks 5-11 0-0 14, Emery 4-6 0-0 9, Hicks 5-9 3-6 13, Brooks 0-0 0-0 0, Camp 2-6 1-2 5, Kinder 0-1 2-2 2, Sheppard 0-2 0-0 0, Totals 24-55 11-16 64.
CHATTANOOGA (6-4)
Whitaker 0-5 0-0 0, Bouldin 6-14 1-2 15, Gilbert 4-14 0-0 9, Gilbert 2-7 4-4 8, Melton 1-2 0-0 3, Lee 0-0 0-0 0, Burns 0-2 2-4 2, Davenport 1-1 0-0 2, Dial 0-1 0-2 0, Lynn 1-2 2-2 5, Totals 15-48 9-14 44.
Virginia Tech 12 20 19 13 —64 Chattanooga 5 14 11 14 —44
3-Point Goals_Virginia Tech 5-19 (Berry 0-2, Magarity 0-2, Brooks 4-9, Emery 1-2, Camp 0-2, Sheppard 0-2), Chattanooga 5-17 (Bouldin 2-6, Gilbert 1-4, Gilbert 0-2, Melton 1-2, Burns 0-1, Dial 0-1, Lynn 1-1). Assists_Virginia Tech 13 (Hicks 4), Chattanooga 7 (Whitaker 2). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Virginia Tech 41 (Magarity 10), Chattanooga 30 (Whitaker 8). Total Fouls_Virginia Tech 16, Chattanooga 16. A_3,676.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
How The Job Of The U.S. President Has Changed Over Decades NPR's Ari Shapiro talks with contributing editor to The Atlantic, John Dickerson, about his new piece "The Hardest Job in the World," that looks at the job of the country's president.
An international team including researchers from King's College London have found physical activity can protect against the emergence of depression, regardless of age and geographical region.
The researchers from Brazil, Belgium, Australia, USA, UK and Sweden pooled data from 49 unique cohort studies of people free from mental illness that examined if physical activity is associated with a decreased risk of developing depression.
In total, 266,939 individuals were included, with a gender distribution of 47% males, and on average the individuals were followed up after 7.4 years.
Once the data were extracted they found that compared with people with low levels of physical activity, those with high levels had lower odds of developing depression in the future.
Furthermore, physical activity had a protective effect against the emergence of depression in youths, in adults, and in the elderly and across geographical regions, (in Europe, North America, and Oceania).
Lead author Professor Dr Felipe Barreto Schuch, Universidade La Salle (Brazil), said, 'This is the first global meta-analysis to establish that engaging in physical activity is beneficial for protecting the general population from developing depression.'
'The evidence is clear that people that are more active have a lesser risk of developing depression. We have looked at whether these effects happen at different age groups and across different continents and the results are clear. Regardless your age or where you live, physical activity can reduce the risk of having depression later in life.'
Co-author Dr Brendon Stubbs, Post-doctoral research physiotherapist, Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology & Neuroscience, King's College London and Head of Physiotherapy, South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust, said,
'Our robust analysis of over a quarter of a million people found consistent evidence that people who are more active are less likely to develop depression in the future.
We found that higher levels of physical activity were protective from future depression in children, adults and older adults, across every continent and after taking into account other important factors such as body mass index, smoking and physical health conditions.
'Given the multitude of other health benefits of physical activity, our data add to the pressing calls to prioritise physical activity across the lifespan.'
Co-author Dr Simon Rosenbaum, Senior Research Fellow at UNSW Sydney and the Black Dog Institute, said, 'The challenge ahead is ensuring that this overwhelming evidence is translated into meaningful policy change that creates environments and opportunities to help everyone, including vulnerable members of our society, engage in physical activity'.
Co-author Dr Joseph Firth, Research Fellow at NICM Health Research Institute at Western Sydney University said, 'The compelling evidence presented here provides an even stronger case for engaging all people in regular physical activity; through schools, workplaces, leisure programs and elsewhere, in order to reduce the risk of depression across the lifespan.'
Further studies are warranted to evaluate the minimum physical activity levels required and the effects of different types of activity and 'dosages' on subsequent risk for depression.
###
The findings have been published today in the American Journal of Psychiatry.
Dr Brendon Stubbs is supported in part by the NIHR Collaboration for Leadership in Applied Health Research and Care (CLAHRC) South London, where he is part of a team investigating ways to help people with severe mental illness to improve their physical health. Dr Stubbs is also partially funded by the NIHR Biomedical Research Centre at South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust and King's College London.
By MARY CLARE JALONICK, Associated Press
Republicans' grip on all levers of power stands as a mandate to the GOP-led Congress, which will move swiftly to try to undo eight years of outgoing President Barack Obama's agenda.
With Republican President-elect Donald Trump weeks away from assuming office, GOP lawmakers plan to open the 115th Congress on Tuesday and immediately take steps to repeal Obama's health care law. Beyond that, they'll look at a tax overhaul, reversing Obama-era environmental regulations and other conservative priorities.
Republicans will face some obstacles. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says Democrats “stand ready to fight vigorously” to protect health care and other priorities, and Republicans will have to compromise with Senate Democrats to move major legislation through that chamber.
A look at what the 115th Congress will be up to in 2017:
NEW MEMBERS
New members of the House and Senate will be sworn in on Tuesday, the first day of the new Congress.
In the Senate, five Democrats and two Republicans will be sworn in for the first time, joined by returning members who won re-election in 2016. After those members are sworn in, there will be 52 Republicans, 46 Democrats and two independents who caucus with the Democrats.
The House will have 52 new members — 27 Republicans and 25 Democrats. There will be 241 Republicans in the House and 194 Democrats.
CONFIRMING A NEW CABINET
Trump is sworn in on Jan. 20, and Republicans in the Senate will spend the first days and weeks of his presidency pushing to confirm his Cabinet picks. Democrats changed the rules and curbed the filibuster in 2013, making it easier for Republicans to move nominations. But even though they won't be able to block Trump's nominees, Democrats have pledged to fight many of them anyway, highlighting what they say is the hypocrisy of Trump's populist message and his wealthy, corporate-favoring nominees for several posts.
REPEALING OBAMA'S HEALTH CARE LAW
The Senate plans to begin repealing Obama's health care law on Tuesday, Congress' very first day, with consideration of a procedural measure that will shield from Democratic filibusters legislation annulling much of that statute.
Lawmakers will then spend the next few months working on legislation canceling broad swaths of the law. Likely to go are its mandate that people buy health insurance or face IRS fines, and its expansion of Medicaid coverage to more lower-earning Americans. Some elements of the repeal likely wouldn't go into effect for two to four years.
Republicans will then begin the more complicated task of building a new system. The GOP will have to craft new programs for the nation's $3 trillion health care system and make sure insurance markets don't collapse while the transition is under way.
TAX OVERHAUL
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., want a massive overhaul of the tax system with the goal of simplifying a complicated tax code that rewards wealthy people with smart accountants as well as corporations that can easily shift profits and jobs overseas.
It would be the first major tax overhaul in 30 years. Trump has also advocated a tax overhaul, but with fewer details. He promises a tax cut for every income level, with more low-income families paying no income tax at all.
SUPREME COURT
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died 11 months ago, but the Senate still hasn't considered a replacement. That's because McConnell blocked consideration of Obama's nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, saying the next president should make the pick. The strategy paid off, and the Republican Senate will consider whomever Trump nominates.
MEDICARE CHANGES
Ryan is the most powerful advocate in Washington for an overhaul of Medicare and a premium-support approach that would, over time, remake it into a voucher-like program that could force some seniors entering the program to buy health insurance on the open market instead of getting coverage through the traditional open-ended program.
But his ideas likely will run into a political reality. Trump said on the campaign trail that he wouldn't cut the program, and Senate Republicans haven't been as enthusiastic either.
Candidate Trump also initially promised not to cut Medicaid — the federal-state health insurance program for low-income and severely disabled people. During the campaign, Trump seemed to shift, backing “block grants” that limit federal funding.
SOCIAL SECURITY
Like Medicare, some House conservatives have said they want to overhaul Social Security and slow the program's growth to curb spending. But Trump has said he doesn't want to touch those programs, and Ryan told CBS' “60 Minutes” in December that he has no plans to change Social Security.
REVERSING REGULATIONS
Republican leaders have complained throughout Obama's presidency about burdensome regulations, a theme Trump used frequently during the campaign as well. GOP lawmakers now want to undo some of Obama's regulations and executive orders using the Congressional Review Act, a rarely invoked procedure.
Many of the regulations they are targeting are environmental rules put in place by the Environmental Protection Agency, including the Clean Power Plan to cut carbon pollution from coal-fired power plants, a clean water rule that has drawn the ire of farmers and another rule imposed in December to protect nearby streams from coal-mining debris.
INFRASTRUCTURE
Trump made rebuilding the nation's aging roads, bridges and airports a major part of his job-creation strategy in the presidential race. But those plans appear to have fizzled, somewhat, as GOP leaders have questioned the spending.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND HEIGHTS, MO (KPLR)- The first baby born in the St. Louis area in 2017 was delivered at SSM Health St. Mary's Hospital shortly after midnight. Mom Jasmine Miller delivered a baby girl, Ashton, via C-section at 12:10am on New Year's Day. Ashton weighs 5lbs, 4 oz. and is 19.29” long. Congratulations to all!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 'wicked' driver who sped down an A-road at 90mph and moved down a couple, leaving the female victim with life-changing brain injuries, has been jailed .
Liam Fisher, 21, who lost control of a Renault Clio and ploughed into the husband and wife, had never passed a driving test or held a licence.
Both suffered ‘catastrophic' injuries, a court heard , after being run down on the pavement of the A6 Buxton Road in Stockport, Mancheste
The male victim's leg and arm were broken and he lost an eyelid when he was flung into bushes by the impact of the car, while his partner sustained a potentially life-changing brain injury and two broken thighs.
Fisher, who had cannabis in his system, was pursuing another car at speeds of up to 90mph when a court heard he lost control, ‘clipped' the central island and hit a lamppost before mowing down the couple, who are in their mid-fifties.
The car finally came to rest on its side, reports the Manchester Evening News .
(Image: MEN Media)
Driving the way he was that day, ‘a tragedy was inevitable', the sentencing judge said.
Fisher, who was unharmed in the crash in July, was jailed on Friday for three years and four months at Manchester's Minshull Street Crown Court.
The young man, dressed in a black Adidas tracksuit, showed no emotion as he was led away.
Judge Bernadette Baxter said this was the highest penalty she could give him, with the maximum sentence five years and Fisher entitled to a third credit due to his early guilty plea.
His female victim was left with ‘widespread and complex' injuries, including a potentially ‘life changing' brain injury, which gave her temporary memory loss.
She also suffered open fractures to her thigh bones and breaks to her hand and wrist, along with a number of other ‘traumatic' injuries.
A court was told she is still undergoing medical care and her full prognosis will not be known for at least another two years.
(Image: MEN WS)
(Image: MEN WS)
Her husband, who was thrown into some bushes at the side of pavement, also suffered horrific injuries, including a broken left arm, an open fracture of his tibia, and facial injuries in which he lost an eyelid and needed more than 20 stitches.
He also required operations and developed an infection meaning he spent more than a month in hospital.
The court was told Fisher claimed he'd previously swapped vehicles ‘to make some money' and was pursuing a black Vauxhall Vectra in his Renault Clio as he believed he'd left some of his property in the car.
CCTV footage, and police dashcam footage played in court showed the vehicles ‘in tandem' before the high speed chase, which covered a distance of 500-600 yards, including Fisher skipping three red lights.
Shirlie Duckworth, prosecuting, said the victims had begun their day ‘like any other Sunday', going to church, coming home to eat breakfast before going out for a walk.
However the court was told that tragically they changed their normal route which led them right into Fisher's path at the scene of the smash, on the A6 Buxton Road near the junction with Kennerley Road, at around 11.30am on Sunday, July 16.
Both the Vectra and the Clio were seen by an stationary unmarked police car which began following them just a few seconds before the crash occurred.
(Image: MEN WS)
Fisher and his passenger were detained at the scene and he initially told officers it was the other man who was driving, something the judge described as a ‘wicked thing to do.'
The driver of the Vectra was not detained but Miss Duckworth said ‘enquiries were ongoing' to trace them.
Fisher, of Cawdor Court, Farnworth, Bolton , pleaded guilty to two charges of causing serious injury by dangerous driving , as well as driving without a licence and insurance at an earlier hearing.
Fisher has never had a licence and has already been banned from the road, in 2013, for driving without due care and attention. He also had cannabis in his system, though experts were unable to say when he had taken it.
Judge Baxter told him: “For reasons still unclear to me you were driving in pursuit of a Vauxhall Vectra.
“You showed a flagrant, deliberate and reckless disregard for the rules of the road.
“It was inevitable a tragedy was going to unfold with driving of that manner.
(Image: MEN WS)
“Then, knowing that those people must be gravely injured, went about lying to the police and trying to blame your passenger.
“I accept you an extremely naive and immature man but even so that was a wicked thing to do.
“Thankfully you realised that very quickly and entered a guilty plea.
“(The victims) were perfectly decent, ordinary people going about their Sunday as they normally would.
“Their injuries were truly horrific and that is your fault.”
Jamie Hamilton, defending, said: “In reality, in terms of the driving and its consequences, there is very little I can say in mitigation.
“One thing that can be said was that it was a relatively short period of dangerous driving, though the court could say it was only cut short by the accident.
“He has shown genuine remorse and was particularly anxious to discover the prognosis of his unfortunate victims.
“All he can do is plead guilty and serve his sentence, which he accepts and wants to do.”
He was also banned from driving for five years.
JD(S) chief and former Prime Minister H.D. Deve Gowda. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Bengaluru: K.B. Koliwad, the Karnataka Legislative Assembly speaker, on Monday reserved his order on the disqualification of seven Janata Dal (Secular) legislators, days before the 23 March Rajya Sabha elections.
The JD(S), led by former prime minister H.D. Deve Gowda, had sought the disqualification of seven of its members two years ago for violating the party whip and for voting against the party's candidate, B.M.Farooq, in the 2016 Rajya Sabha elections.
The party, which has fielded Farooq again, is trying to keep the seven legislators from voting against its candidate in favour of the Congress party. The Congress has declined to support the JD(S) candidate.
The Congress is trying to send at least three candidates to the upper House from Karnataka after the terms of four members of Parliament—K. Rahman Khan (Congress), Basavaraj Patil Sedam and Ramakrishna R. (BJP), and Rajeev Chandrasekhar (independent)—ended on 2 April.
The Congress has nominated L. Hanumanthaiah, Syed Naseer Hussain and G.C. Chandrasekhar from Karnataka in what seems to be a carefully planned caste and religion balancing strategy.
Hanumanthaiah is a Dalit leader and former chairman of the Kannada Development Authority, while Chandrashekhar is from the dominant Vokkaliga community and Hussain is a Muslim.
All seven rebels of the JD(S) are expected to formally join the Congress on 25 March, when the party's national president will be touring the southern part of the state as part of his 2018 election campaign.
By keeping the rebels out, JD(S) was hoping to get its own nominee selected.
According to the Karnataka legislature, JD(S) has 37 members (including the seven rebels) in the 224-seat lower House. The Congress has 122 and the BJP 43.
Each Rajya Sabha candidate requires 44 votes. With 122 seats, the Congress can comfortably send two candidates to the upper House of Parliament and has to depend on a few votes from other party members to send the third.
The BJP, which has fielded businessman Rajeev Chandrasekhar, has the required numbers to get him elected as it enjoys the support a few independent members.
Heading into Lok Sabha elections, due next year, the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance has taken several strategic decisions to gain a majority in the upper House of Parliament to help the smooth passage of key legislation before the polls.
Decades ago, Joe Namath became a legend by guaranteeing his New York Jets would beat the favored Baltimore Colts in the Super Bowl. Broadway Joe's bold claim came just a few days before the big game. Alshon Jeffery is taking a different approach when it comes to next year's championship.
“I guarantee you we are going to win the Super Bowl next year,” the Chicago Bears wide receiver told reporters after his team got waxed by the Minnesota Vikings on Sunday.
Jeffery's bold proclamation is based on evidence known only to him. The Bears went 3-13 this year, the franchise's worst record since the regular season expanded to 16 games. Jay Cutler is only getting older and the roster is full of problems in dire need of repair. Green Bay will still have Aaron Rodgers next year. Detroit figures to improve and will still have Matthew Stafford. The Minnesota Vikings probably won't lose all their best players to season-ending injuries again.
A smart bettor would expect the Bears to finish last in the NFC North, not compete for a Super Bowl.
Now, on any other day, Jeffery's comments would be laughable. But, everyone knows that with New Year's Day comes carte blanche to make wild promises about the future with no hope of fulfilling them on the back end. If millions of doughy, hungover Americans can wake up and write down promises to run a marathon and finally pay off those credit cards, why shouldn't a football player be able to say something like this?
ST. WILLIAMS -
Norfolk County stepped into the spotlight as part of the annual Terroir Symposium that brings together hundreds of people in the food industry to discuss issues and trends in hospitality.
The two-day symposium opened on Monday at the Art Gallery of Ontario in Toronto. On Tuesday, the focus shifted to the Terroir Rural Retreat, which this year was held at the Burning Kiln Winery near the Norfolk village of St. Williams.
Busloads of visitors from across Canada and other nations were met with the aroma of meat cooking over wood fires. Stands offered vintages from Norfolk's nine wineries and its emerging craft breweries.
"I'm just amazed at the beauty of this place," Phil Slawsky, the director of food and beverage for Pursuit Collection for Banff and Jasper national parks facilities, said of Burning Kiln and its grounds.
"We're here to taste the wine, meet the people and exchange ideas. It's so nice to get out of the city, too. It's so serene here. People here are very accommodating."
In Banff, Slawsky said, "we try to keep the food connected to the local landscape when they mount events. This event has some good ideas about how to do that."
One of the first stations as visitors filed out of Burning Kiln and onto the grounds was occupied by The Blue Elephant Artisan Brewery, run by Heather Pond.
Brew master Sarah Fritch and John Harris, brew house assistant, poured samples from their flagship brews, Gentlemen's Pilsner and Red Devil, and a Local Flavours Ale, which boasted maple syrup, carrots and ginger accents.
"I've never experienced anything quite like this before," Fritch said of the retreat.
"I think it's great we got this. I'd rather be outside here than in Toronto."
Benjamin Lillico, executive chef at The Berlin restaurant in Kitchener, was taking part for the first time as a Feast On chef at the symposium. Feast On is a provincial certification program that recognizes businesses committed to sourcing Ontario grown and made food and drink.
"I came to get some insight to help support the local food movement of food farmers and produce," said Lillico, while smoke rose from bannock breads on spits.
"This is an amazing collaboration to help raise awareness of what local communities have to showcase. It's important to support that and buy local as much as possible."
Nearby were Feast On certified Norfolk purveyors VG Meats of Simcoe and Stoney Creek, and Pristine Gourmet Oils, from just outside Waterford.
Norfolk's vintners, organized as the Ontario South Coast Wineries and Growers Association, are aiming to gain a DVA (Designated Viticultural Area) designation for their wine region. If successful, the Norfolk will join Ontario's four recognized DVA regions - Niagara Peninsula, Prince Edward County, Pelee Island and Erie North Shore.
"That will be fantastic," said Lillico.
"It will get them and others more exposure."
At a table laden with vintages stood Amanda Alison, manager at Blueberry Hill Estates Winery.
"Anything that gets the word out there about Norfolk County is a good thing," she said as she filled glasses for passersby.
"We're getting a lot of really good questions from the people who came today. I think Norfolk County is still a bit unknown, but every year we get an increase in tourists. More people are talking about us."
Over at the table for Inasphere Wines stood Chantel Bosgoed. She and her husband, Ryan, run a vineyard and winery on Front Road that makes them the new kids on the block among Norfolk's nine wineries.
"By all of us doing this today, we are showing we are a legitimate destination for everyone's wining and dining experience," she said.
Greeting visitors was Norfolk Mayor Charlie Luke.
"I'm very proud to see this event happening. It just doesn't happen on its own. It takes a lot of planning," he said.
"It's no secret why we're Ontario's garden. We're the most diversified in crops and we have the numbers to back it up.
"We can grow anything in Norfolk, we know that already. Now we are realizing we can make any kind of food, any kind of meal and sell it to people who come here. And people here from Toronto are seeing that an hour and a half away there is all this for them to enjoy."
MMarion@postmedia.com
Santa Claus is on his way......but wait, how can the children make sure the man in red knows what your kids would like on the big day?
Well, look no further than the Midland Railway — Butterley.
For Father Christmas has made some time in his busy schedule to greet youngsters.
What's more, he does it all in a special grotto on board a lovingly preserved steam train.
With two young children, for our family the visit to see Santa in the run-up to Christmas Day is crucial.
And the ‘Santa Specials' at the Midland Railway on the outskirts of Ripley are ideal — and right on the doorstep.
Once you arrive at the railway everything has a festive edge.
Your entrance is via a marquee decorated with Christmas baubles and lights — and on our visit there was still snow on the ground from a flurry a couple of days previous.
Once through the marquee you can pick up your tickets from a traditional ticket office with a raging open fire in the background.
If you have time you can always grab a cuppa and bacon sandwich in the on-platform cafe, visit the gift shop or check out the model railway in an adjoining cabin.
You can also step onto the footbridge to watch the steam loco arriving.
Once you step on board through the billowing smoke from the train you are whisked out into the Derbyshire countryside and on towards the Swanwick Junction platform.
Along the way children, with special ticket in hand, are called to see Santa in his grotto. His helper shows the youngsters in for a chat with St Nick and the chance to reel off a long list of gifts they would like.
After a quick photo opportunity the children are presented with an age-appropriate gift and a candy treat.
It's then back to your seat to unwrap the gift and enjoy the return trip to Butterley. Along the way adults are treated to a mince pie and miniature bottle of spirits.
The atmosphere is packed with fun and, when back at the original station, the children get to enjoy a show put on by Pinxton Puppets and the chance to have a whirl on the tombola.
The attraction is packed to the brim with festive spirit and as well as the Santa Specials a Super Santa, complete with picnic tea, is also available.
SANTA SPECIALS
Midland Railway — Butterley, Butterley Station, Ripley DE5 3QZ.
Tickets can be booked by calling 01773 570140.
Or visit www.midlandrailway-butterley.co.uk
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United new boy Victor Lindelof wasted little time in getting to know his new surroundings.
The Swedish defender completed his £35million switch to Old Trafford on Wednesday, becoming Jose Mourinho's first summer signing.
He agreed a four-year deal with United with the option for a further season.
Lindelof took a trip to Chinese restaurant Wings in Manchester city centre, alongside girlfriend Maja Nilsson.
(Photo: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Photo: Eamonn and James Clarke)
The restaurant was former manager Louis van Gaal's eatery of choice during his time at United.
It has regularly been visited by new United signings since, with Paul Pogba making a visit after completing his world-record switch last summer.
After completing the switch, Lindelof insisted he was ready to win trophies with United.
(Photo: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Photo: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Photo: Eamonn and James Clarke)
Meanwhile, Phil Jones has welcomed Lindelof's arrival despite the increased competition.
"We're Manchester United, we're going to attract the best players and the biggest players," he said.
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty Images)
"It would be a strange summer if we weren't signing players like that. Competition is always good."
Lindelof's arrival could signal the end of Chris Smalling's United career, with Everton and West Ham both interested.
"I have enjoyed my time at Benfica enormously and I have learned a lot there. But I'm looking forward to playing in the Premier League at Old Trafford and for Jose Mourinho.
"I'm keen to get started and make my contribution to the team's efforts to win more trophies."
United are now set to turn their attention to Alvaro Morata with a £65m deal close to being finalised.
DENPASAR, Indonesia — The Mount Agung volcano on the Indonesian tourist island of Bali erupted Monday evening, ejecting a 6,560-foot-high column of thick ash and hurling lava down its slopes.
The Indonesian geological agency's Agung monitoring post said explosions from the mountain began just after 9 p.m. and lasted more than 7 minutes. "Flares of incandescent lava" reached 1.2 miles from the crater, it said, setting fire to forests at high elevation on the mountain.
Nearly 700 people fled Banjar Galih village, about 3.7 miles from the crater, to an evacuation center, said a resident, Ketut Budi.
"I saw smoke rising and the volcano rumbled very loud," he said. "We came here with motorcycles and those with cars helped carry other people."
It was the volcano's first explosive eruption since a dramatic increase in activity last year that temporarily forced the evacuation of tens of thousands of people.
The alert status for Agung has not been raised from its current second-highest level and the exclusion zone around the crater remains at 2.5 miles.
National Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said the explosions Monday night were "thunderous" and hurled white hot rocks from the crater.
The volcano was periodically erupting ash Tuesday, which was drifting west. The island's airport, to the south, was still operating normally.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Bali's international airport closed for half a day on Friday because of volcanic ash from Agung, disrupting travel for tens of thousands. The island is set to host World Bank and International Monetary Fund meetings in October.
Monday's eruption was "strombolian," the geological agency said, which is the mildest type of explosive volcanic eruption. It warned people living near rivers to exercise caution, particularly in wet weather, because of the risk of fast-moving flows of muddy volcanic debris.
The volcano, about 45 miles northeast of Bali's tourist hotspot of Kuta, last had a major eruption in 1963, killing about 1,100 people.
Authorities lowered its alert status from the highest level in February after seismic activity quietened.
Indonesia, an archipelago of more than 250 million people, sits on the Pacific "Ring of Fire" and is prone to earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. Government seismologists monitor more than 120 active volcanoes.
Rep. Adam Schiff Weighs In On How Memo Could Affect House Intelligence Investigation NPR's Ari Shapiro speaks with Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., who is the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, about the newly released GOP-Nunes memo, the Democratic memo and how this affects the committee's investigation.
Saturday's performance marked an improvement for Sam Allardyce and his players after the capitulation to Sunderland – but both games resulted in no goals scored and no points earned. It confirms Palace's perilous position, second-bottom of the Premier League with 13 games remaining.
The Eagles looked far more compact against Stoke after reverting to a back four. Luka Milivojevic was given a baptism of fire making his debut away to a physical Stoke side and struggled in the first half as Palace were pegged deep into their own half, facing a barrage of crosses.
Sam Allardyce's arrival in SE25 was viewed as a guarantee of securing Palace's Premier League status. So far, the only certainty during Allardyce's reign is that ending the Eagles' year-long malaise requires more than changing the manager and a high transfer budget.
Chairman Steve Parish's dressing room speech and last Sunday morning's squad meeting following the defeat to Sunderland had been viewed as a watershed moment in Palace's season. The manager even appointed sports psychologist, Lee Richardson, to address the team's fragile confidence for the run-in. Palace's team on paper should have more than enough to stay up but the winnable games are beginning to run out.
Last September Crystal Palace enjoyed a 4-1 victory against Stoke City, the second of three consecutive league victories that propelled them to eighth in the table. In the 20 league fixtures since, Palace have won three, drawn three and lost 14. The Eagles have only won seven of their last 46 league fixtures – losing 28.
Joel Ward struggled against the pace and skill of the 20-year-old winger Ramadan Sobhi.
Jeffrey Schlupp would offer more athleticism despite not being a natural right-sided player. Schlupp and Patrick van Aanholt's pace would also create an extra attacking outlet for Palace with their ability to overlap. Another insipid attacking display where Palace struggled to carve open any clear openings is a continuing cause of concern. Despite the pace and skill of Andros Townsend and Wilfried Zaha out wide, the Eagles are struggling to consistently utilise Christian Benteke's aerial ability.
The Belgian's heavy touch from Jason Puncheon's ricocheted effort shortly before Stoke City's goal wasted Palace's best chance to take the lead in a tight, scrappy affair. Benteke has had a decent first season for the Eagles with a return of nine league goals and is excellent at holding up the ball but his lack of pace renders Palace a predictable attacking force.
The basic strategy for the team involves releasing the pace of Townsend, Zaha and van Aanholt who can launch crosses for Benteke to attack. However, Premier League defences such as Stoke are comfortable defending deliveries – more variety of play is required at this level.
Loic Remy made a late substitute appearance at Stoke and the Chelsea loanee will hang on the shoulder of defenders and run in behind. The 30–year-old is the type of striker Allardyce favours as his pace offers Palace more options beyond the aerial threat of Benteke, which they already carry from Scott Dann, James Tomkins, Damien Delaney and possibly Mamadou Sakho.
Palace have two weeks off before facing Middlesbrough, where a win will put them level on points with the north-east side. The Eagles then face West Brom away followed by two home games against Tottenham and Watford. Failure to notch up victories in those three home games will leave Palace in the dangerous position of requiring wins against the top six, including away trips to Chelsea, Liverpool and the Manchester clubs.
Allardyce will surely prepare Sakho to start against Middlesborough. Delaney and Tomkins struggled against Stoke, particularly when Marko Arnautovic dropped between the lines as he did for Joe Allen's goal.
Allardyce showed faith in Delaney by giving him the captaincy after last week's incident with a Palace supporter at half-time against Sunderland but the defence is still too vulnerable against quality opposition. Sakho and Dann would complement each other well with the Frenchman's athleticism and physicality buttressed by Dann's leadership.
Dann, Sakho and Milivojevic could offer an effective defensive triangle that would give the team a platform to attack opponents and allow for a higher press. Allardyce must integrate his four January signings into the starting 11 during the next fortnight as Palace prepare for a Middlesborough side who are the Premier League's draw specialists with 10. A victory is the only acceptable result for an underperforming Palace side.
An F-35 flight simulator sits dormant during a media event at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 15, 2017. The media event was put together as an opportunity for local Japanese reporters to get a first-hand look at how the simulators train pilots and enhance readiness. The simulators increase safety, proficiency and allow pilots to dynamically train without placing additional mechanical stress on the aircraft leading to safer flights. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Joseph Abrego)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.15.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:22 Photo ID: 3166519 VIRIN: 170215-M-ON157-0100 Resolution: 5400x3599 Size: 10.06 MB Location: MCAS IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 9 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Local media gains new insight [Image 1 of 17], by LCpl Joseph Abrego, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
KINGSTON, Ont. — Ontario Provincial Police have identified two people killed in a collision in eastern Ontario.
Police say an SUV and a tractor-trailer collided last Friday on Highway 401 in Kingston, Ont.
They say two occupants of the SUV died at the scene.
They have been identified as 33-year-old Cheng Yuan of Waterloo, Ont., and 27-year-old Meiyu Li of Burnaby, B.C.
CEO Of The Humane Society Resigns Amid Allegations of Sexual Harassment
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jonathan Bachman/AP Images for The Humane Society of the United States Jonathan Bachman/AP Images for The Humane Society of the United States
The president and CEO of the Humane Society of the United States, Wayne Pacelle, has resigned effective immediately, the nonprofit group announced Friday.
Pacelle had been at the center of a controversy over allegations that he had sexually harassed three female subordinates at the Humane Society, one of the country's largest animal charities.
The move came a day after the group's board of directors had voted to keep Pacelle despite the allegations dating to 2005.
In a statement, Humane Society Board Chair Rick Bernthal said:
"The last few days have been very hard for our entire family of staff and supporters. We are profoundly grateful for Wayne's unparalleled level of accomplishments and service to the cause of animal protection and welfare."
Bernthal said that the president of the Humane Society's international affiliate, Kitty Block, has been named as acting chief executive.
The development came just hours after Bernthal had defended the group's decision yesterday to allow Pacelle to remain as CEO. In a statement, Bernthal said that after an investigation:
"The board reviewed the information assembled and determined that there was not sufficient evidence to remove Wayne Pacelle from his position as CEO. "Many of the allegations were explosive in nature, and reading or hearing about them is a shock to anyone. It was to us, too. But when we sifted through the evidence presented, we did not find that many of these allegations were supported by credible evidence."
Bernthal also denied that his group had offered settlements to three other workers who said they were dismissed or demoted after raising concerns about Pacelle's alleged sexual misconduct. "The Board concluded that there was no motivation behind severance agreements to silence women who had spoken up or raised concerns," he said.
After the board voted to retain Pacelle, the CEO acknowledged that the controversy was taking a toll.
Pacelle had told the New York Times earlier on Friday that he was assessing his future professional life:
"'I'm going to take stock of everyone's opinion and assess where I go and where the organization goes from here,' he said. 'I think leadership changes at organizations are often very healthy and renewing, and I'm going to talk with staff and board members and find the best course that [contributes] to our mission of fighting for all animals.' "
Yet pressure was building for Pacelle's dismissal from both inside and out the organization, with major donors announcing that they were withdrawing their support from the group.
In a statement earlier Friday, the president of the National Organization for Women, Toni Van Pelt, had called for Pacelle's firing:
"Like Donald Trump, the Humane Society is engaged in a cover up in plain sight. Instead of trying to enable a sexual abuser, they should dismiss him. Instead of making excuses, they should be making reparations. Instead of silencing or attacking women who've suffered abuse, and those who defend them, the Humane Society should change its own culture. "The Humane Society needs to know this. Women are watching. We know when a charity deserves our support, and when it fails the most basic obligations of trust. "The Humane Society has no humanity. Fire Wayne Pacelle. Do it now."
The initial decision to retain Pacelle also had led to the resignation of seven protesting board members.
Troubled champions Leicester City were held to a turgid 0-0 draw at Middlesbrough on Monday to edge further clear of the Premier League relegation zone.
Leonardo Ulloa missed the visitors' best chance when he headed a Christian Fuchs corner straight at Brad Guzan in the 69th minute, although the Foxes were largely toothless without strikers Islam Slimani and Jamie Vardy, who was serving the final match of his three-game suspension.
“Both teams didn't create much,” Leicester captain Wes Morgan told Sky Sports. “It was tough with the quick turnaround, playing on Saturday, then again today.
“On reflection, 0-0 is a good result for us and a clean sheet is always good.”
Middlesbrough, now 16th on 19 points, enjoyed the best of the action and threatened through Adama Traore, the game's outstanding individual, but he struggled to find an end product to accompany his scintillating work out wide.
“It's a good result for us,” Boro coach Aitor Karanka told reporters. “I'm really pleased with the performance.
“We showed that we are better than them and we can't forget they are a Champions League side and the Premier League champions. We have to continue to be organised and not concede goals.”
Gaston Ramirez fired an 83rd-minute effort into the side netting, but Boro were unadventurous and have now won just once in their last six matches.
Leicester kept consecutive clean sheets for the first time since April but the champions, who moved seven points clear of the drop zone ahead of the matches later on Monday, are still awaiting their first away win of the season.
Scott Dann refused to criticise Christian Benteke for his late penalty miss in Crystal Palace's 2-2 draw with Bournemouth.
The Belgian international, yet to score this season, went against team orders to take spot-kick duty off of Luka Milivojevic – and then failed to convert.
Milivojevic had already put away a penalty at the end of the first half but Benteke was determined to try and grab the glory.
Dann said: “It takes a lot of courage to go up and take a penalty in the last couple of minutes.
“Unfortunately he's missed – but we had so many other chances to win this game.
“It's hard to put into words how you feel. With the way we played, the chances created and the penalty at the end it makes it that bit more difficult to take. I feel like two points lost.”
Interest Rate Rise Unsettles Stock Investors; Dow Falls 425 Points
Enlarge this image toggle caption Richard Drew/AP Richard Drew/AP
Interest rates reached a milestone Tuesday and the stock market frowned.
Tuesday morning, for the first time in four years, the rate on the 10-year U.S. government note topped 3 percent before falling back a bit. The bond market move contributed to a sharp sell-off in stocks, as investors wondered whether the long-running bull market might be at a pivot point.
The Dow Jones industrial average swung more than 750 points in the trading day. The key stock index closed down 425 points, or about 1.7 percent. The S&P 500 index lost 1.3 percent for the day.
The rate on the benchmark Treasury note is a key metric in determining many consumer and business interest rates. For instance, the recent rise in the 10-year government yields has coincided with an uptick in 30-year-mortgage rates.
Loading...
The 3 percent rate level sends a number of crosscurrents through the financial markets, both positive and negative.
The rate increase is partly a response to swelling government debt and to rising commodity prices, including oil, which puts upward pressure on inflation, says Brad McMillan, the chief investment officer at Commonwealth Financial Network.
The rate move also gives stock investors worries that the higher yields make bonds a more attractive investment, undermining stock prices, he says. "So investors who might have gone into stocks to try and get their target return now have the choice of going into bonds," McMillan says.
But he says the increase in interest rates back toward more normal levels also suggests investors have more confidence the economy is likely to continue to grow for some time.
"In many respects the fact that interest rates are now moving back into a normal range is not a sign of trouble. It's a sign of success," McMillan says. "I mean, this is exactly where we've wanted to get to since the [financial] crisis — back to a more normal environment."
Even with the 10-year note's move to the 3 percent level, interest rates remain historically low for this point in an economic expansion.
The Federal Reserve has been trying to move rates higher. But the effort has been slowed by stubbornly quiescent inflation, which has remained below the central bank's target level. The higher 10-year yield suggests inflation may be finally headed toward the Fed's target.
That hasn't been an easy assignment. Dawkins leads the team with 341 yards rushing and six TDs. He's also thrown for 670 yards and five scores.
Dawkins is coming off game in which he threw three interceptions during a 30-24 loss to No. 20 Utah on Sept. 22.
"It's the big mistakes that have been hurting us, but he's not the only one making mistakes," Arizona coach Rich Rodriguez said at his weekly news conference. "We've all made them. Brandon knows that we can't have a big mistake, and can't have turnovers. We have to capitalize on opportunities of big, potential plays."
Here are things to know heading into a game where the Wildcats have won two straight at Folsom Field:
YOUNG CATS: The Wildcats have played 27 freshmen, including 17 true freshmen. Tight end Bryce Wolma leads the team in receptions with 15, while linebacker Colin Schooler has recorded 11 tackles, an interception and a forced fumbled over his last two games. "I have been pleasantly surprised with some of the young players that haven't made as many mental mistakes, which is good," Rodriguez said.
MUCH RESPECT: Count Rodriguez as a fan of Buffaloes tailback Philip Lindsay, who's rushed for 529 yards this season. He's 196 yards away from moving into the top five on Colorado's all-time rushing list. "He's a big-time player," Rodriguez said.
FAMILY WEEKEND: Colorado junior receiver Jay MacIntyre may not get to spend all that much time with his father as part of Family Weekend festivities. That's fine, he sees enough of his dad/coach in practice anyway. Here's a stat about Family Weekend in coach Mike MacIntyre's favour: The Buffaloes are 18-7 since celebrating what was once known as Parent's Weekend.
SOMETHING HAS TO GIVE: The Buffaloes are one of nine teams in the nation that hasn't allowed a kickoff return longer than 22 yards. On the flip side, the Wildcats are averaging 25.9 yards, which is 17th in the country.
STATS, STATS, STATS: The Wildcats have outscored opponents by a 76-36 margin in the second half ... The Buffaloes are two wins shy of No. 700 in school history. They're 698-496-36.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Pat Graham, The Associated Press
The Ringer published a bombshell story late last night exploring the possible connection between Philadelphia 76ers president Bryan Colangelo and five burner accounts on Twitter. He acknowledged being behind one, while three mysteriously went dark around the time they were “discovered.” The person or persons tweeting from these accounts did the following:
Criticized NBA players, including Joel Embiid, Jahlil Okafor, and Nerlens Noel
Publicly debated the decisions of the 76ers coaching staff, as well as critiqued former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie and Toronto Raptors president Masai Ujiri. Colangelo replaced Hinkie and was replaced by Ujiri in Toronto.
Telegraphed the 2017 trade in which the Sixers acquired the no. 1 overall pick that would become Markelle Fultz.
Disclosed nonpublic medical information about Okafor and behind-the-scenes gossip about Embiid and Fultz to members of the national and Philadelphia media.
You know, normal stuff for a person of that stature to be doing.
Predictably, Joel Embiid, perhaps the most talented user of the platform among NBA players, is responding in kind.
Lmao CJ.. you just gotta trust it https://t.co/Igl0MZouzQ — Joel Embiid (@JoelEmbiid) May 30, 2018
After all this, though, Embiid revealed that he is dubious of the report.
Fun night on Twitter lmao.. All jokes asides I don't believe the story. That would just be insane — Joel Embiid (@JoelEmbiid) May 30, 2018
Yes, Joel, it would be insane.
From what I've seen, Embiid is in the minority in his disbelief. With that in mind, the 76ers better find someone who can show it wasn't Colangelo behind these accounts. They have to be sure it wasn't him to go forward — not just because of the initial posts but because of the firm denial. The truth needs to set everyone free.
Directly involving the thousands of family members and friends who serve as 'informal carers' for people with dementia in the evaluation of patients' symptoms and behaviour could offer improved insights for healthcare professionals and help alleviate feelings of stress, guilt and isolation felt by many who fulfil these duties, a new study has found.
The findings highlight a need for more structured educational programmes covering broader knowledge around the disease for informal carers, who often have no formal training or support networks to depend on. Information on disease progression, guidelines on dealing with challenging behaviours and financial and legal advice could better prepare carers about what to expect. It is hoped that the findings from researchers from the University of Lincoln, UK, will lead to national improvements in dementia care with a goal to create a better educational package for carers.
The research, conducted by an inter-disciplinary team of experts, collated insights from carers and health care professionals and identified key themes which capture the main challenges faced by carers, as well as the type of support they want from health care services.
Dementia - which includes conditions such as Alzheimer's - is a progressive degenerative neurological disease with no known cure. Currently, there are approximately 800,000 UK dementia patients, cared for by around 670,000 'informal caregivers'. It is estimated that by 2050 there will be more than 100 million people suffering from the disease world-wide.
Previous research found that informal caregivers of people with dementia often display increased levels of depression and stress as well as poor self-rated health. Research also identified increased feelings of entrapment and guilt leading to further depression and a lack of self-belief in the quality of the care that they can offer.
New findings show that existing health and social care services are often fragmented which can make communication between healthcare professionals and care providers difficult. Healthcare professionals also stated that while they have a theoretical knowledge of the disease, they felt they often lack knowledge of how it is to live with dementia which can make it difficult to know how best to support caregivers.
Despina Laparidou, a researcher in the University of Lincoln's School of Health and Social Care who led the study, said: "The care being given by informal carers frequently goes beyond simply caring for a patient's health and becomes a crisis management role which can exacerbate feelings of stress and burden."
Professor Niroshan Siriwardena, Professor of Primary & Pre-Hospital Health Care at the University of Lincoln, said: "Our study has recognised a need for better information and education not only for carers but for healthcare professionals to create a better and more empathetic understanding of the physical and behavioural deterioration of the disease as well as surrounding issues like financial pressures and modifying the home environment to compensate for patients' every day difficulties."
Professor Terence Karran, a co-author on the study based in Lincoln's School of Education, added: "Our research has also shown that caregivers have an important role to play in the monitoring of patient behaviour and behavioural triggers. It was felt that keeping a daily diary of symptoms and behaviour could help to empower caregivers as well as improving communications with healthcare professionals."
###
× Expand Chicago-born jazz/hip-hop/soul band Sidewalk Chalk (Photo by Ruth Yaroslaski)
The members of Chicago band Sidewalk Chalk are passionate, energetic and soulful, and, presenting a wide variety of sounds through their live instrumentation (take a listen on their YouTube channel), the group's music can be described in one simple word: fun.
Sidewalk Chalk uses its platform to speak out about prominent social issues, and their fourth full-length album, "An Orchid is Born," holds a special significance to the band because it is the first they created with an intentional underlying message. Produced by Grammy Award-winner Robert “Sput” Searight on Ropeadope Records, the album represents the band's development over years of touring. They bring their soulful sound to The Camel Friday, June 16; doors open at 8 p.m., and the show starts at 9 p.m. Tickets are $10. Our Q&A with the group's bassist, Josh Rosen, follows.
Richmond Magazine: If you were introducing your music to a brand-new listener, how would you describe it? What sets your band apart from other jazz bands?
Josh Rosen: We describe our music as the evolution of jazz, hip-hop and soul. We've got our toes in the jazz pool as well as hip-hop, soul, spoken word and more. We can play to jazz audiences and give them a taste of the other aspects of our music and vice-versa.
RM: Is there a story behind the name Sidewalk Chalk?
Rosen: It would be really great if there was an interesting story behind the name, but unfortunately, it's not. When the band was on the way to the first performance at an open mic, it was tossed out there by someone, and it stuck.
RM: How did the band meet and how long have you been together?
Rosen: The majority of us met at Columbia College in Chicago, where we were studying music. The lineup has undergone some small changes over the years, but the band has been together since 2008.
RM: What is the band's process when creating new music? Where do you get your inspiration?
Rosen: Our process of writing is super collaborative. While every song is different, most usually start with one of us bringing an idea to the group and we all build off that idea. It's a very welcoming environment for creativity. Every idea is at least attempted, and if we dig it then we build on that. The inspiration comes from everything; whether it's music, art, books, movies, food or life experiences, we try and soak up as much as we can.
RM: What sets your new album, "An Orchid is Born," apart from your past albums? What is the significance of the title?
Rosen: "An Orchid Is Born" is a very important album for us. First off, we were able to go to Make Believe Studios in Omaha, Nebraska. It was a real dream of ours to travel somewhere to record the album and be fully in the space without distractions. The album is separated into three sections: The Hope, The Loss and The Birth. "An Orchid Is Born" represents the cyclical nature of everything. An orchid is a perennial flower, so it grows and blooms and then becomes dormant until it's time to bloom again. The cycle itself represents our growth and rebirth as a band, matters of social justice, which are also prevalent on the album, and life in general. Sometimes, your hopes can get dashed and you feel super alone and helpless, but not only will you bloom again and have hope, that dark dormant period was necessary to get you there.
RM: Was there anything that you were listening to that directly inspired you in the process of creating "An Orchid Is Born?"
Rosen: Sidewalk Chalk is definitely a collective of different tastes, ideas, etc. Everything from Kendrick [Lamar] and [A] Tribe Called Quest to Vulfpeck and Hall & Oates.
RM: What does one of your performances typically look like? Do people dance and sing along, or do they tend to really listen to the lyrics and absorb the music?
Rosen: With this tour we worked with Floyd Davis from Artpentry in Chicago as well as Vincent Naples to design set pieces and projections, respectively, for our live show. [Our live show is] energetic, fast, introspective, delicate and passionate, all within the set. Because of that we're usually able to work with the crowd and have them listen when it's time to listen and dance when it's time to dance.
RM: What can we expect from Sidewalk Chalk in the future?
Rosen: With the release of this album, we have set our sights on big things. We're hoping this will catapult us to tours in Europe and Asia, collaborating with more of our favorite artists, and overall just getting our music to as many ears as possible.
RM: Do you know of any Richmond-based bands/musicians?
Rosen: Our homies and label mates Butcher Brown are from Richmond, and we love their music and love sharing the stage with them.
RM: Have you ever performed in Richmond? What is your impression of Richmond before you all arrive? Will you have time to explore the city, and if so, what do you all hope to do while you're here?
Rosen: We've performed a bunch of times in Richmond at The Camel. Richmond shows us so much love whenever we're here. We love coming here and would love to explore the city a little more, unfortunately, like most cities, we usually have to leave pretty early the next day. Hopefully we'll come back in the near future and stay for longer.
The issue to provide continued sales tax revenue for flood reduction was pulled from the Nov. 7 ballot Friday during a special meeting of the Hancock County commissioners.
The commissioners voted 2-0, with commissioner President Mark Gazarek absent, to rescind an August resolution to submit the tax issue to the elections board for voter consideration. A second resolution, approved Tuesday, which designated revenue from the 0.25-percent, 10-year sales tax for flood reduction, was also rescinded by the same 2-0 vote.
The issue had been tabled Tuesday.
A prepared statement by Gazarek, provided during a phone conversation with office staff today, was read by commissioners Clerk Beth Bishop.
“I do not believe quarter percent flood mitigation tax should be pulled from the November ballot. We have $17.8 million to do downtown improvements with an estimated project cost of $20 million. Currently we are a little over $2 million short. I believe taking this off the ballot could jeopardize future flood mitigation funding.”
Bechtol said he had talked with other county officials “to get their perspective on this matter,” as they were part of the discussion to place the issue on the ballot. He said the consensus was to pull the issue from the ballot. He said he also “listened to public and was ready to take a vote today.”
Robertson said the two commissioners “hold the fate of flood mitigation in terms of the path it is going to go forward and flood mitigation has been a generational issue within this community. Do we continue to have divisiveness or sew a new thread that is going to create a fabric that is going to benefit our community as a whole? I think that is really the question before us today.”
“From my perspective, I would just like to say I am prayful after a decade of letting a problem divide us that our community will win a victory in choosing a path of synergy to better define flood mitigation, flood reduction and flood prevention projects together.”
After those comments, Robertson called for a vote.
Robertson requested certified notification be submitted to the Hancock County Board of Elections and the tax commission. He also requested yard signs be removed which urge a “no” vote on flood tax and/or county sales tax.
He did not want public confusion with Issue 4, a separate 0.25 percent, 20-year sales tax to fund county jail expansion, improvements and staffing and construction of a county probate/juvenile court and administrative building.
Hancock County Prosecutor Phil Riegle said Issue 3 will still appear on the ballots, but any votes will not be counted by the elections board.
Robertson said absentee ballots mailed to voters will include a statement the votes will not be counted, too.
Comments
comments
Samajwadi Party chief Akhilesh Yadav. Photo: PTI
Political risk is back with a bang. It will continue to affect markets, businesses and the Indian economy in the months ahead, till the general elections are out of the way. Globally, Donald Trump is political risk incarnate, with his penchant for protectionism and sabre-rattling.
The saving grace is the return of political risk comes at a time when the Indian economy is finally recovering, after the twin blows of demonetisation and the goods and services tax (GST) teething troubles. Global economic growth too is picking up.
Nevertheless, we mustn't underestimate the impact of politics. Last Friday, for instance, Indian stock markets fell sharply when the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) quit the ruling coalition. Earlier, the results of the byelections in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar reversed whatever little boost to sentiment had been delivered by Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) victories in the North-East. With several state elections due this year and the general elections next year, fears about political uncertainty will intermittently pop up in the months ahead.
The risk also arises from populist policies the government pursues to win re-election. Loan waivers are an obvious example. The government knows it has to defuse mounting unrest in rural India, which is why it announced that minimum support prices will be hiked to 150% of the cost of production and will also be extended to more crops.
Most analysts believe the government's formula doesn't really include all costs and consequently prices may not rise much. But that doesn't make political sense. Surely, if the intention is to benefit the farmers, that implies they should get more than what they currently earn? And surely farmers are not so dumb that they will be swayed by mere rhetoric about farm prices? The point is that if the government is sincere about giving a better deal to farmers, then that will result in higher inflation, as well as a higher deficit. That in turn implies higher interest rates. In short, buying off farmers has an economic cost. There are no free lunches.
To be sure, the economy is indeed recovering. But for politics, what matters is whether most sections of society are participating in the recovery. Many farmers clearly are not. There has been plenty of anecdotal evidence of the damage inflicted on the informal economy by demonetisation. Similarly, GST has been hailed by market analysts as a measure that will increase the market share of formal sector firms. But the flip side is the share of firms in the informal sector would shrink. That has political ramifications, given the size of the informal sector.
Nor are demonetisation and GST the only fault lines. The bankruptcy law was sorely needed and it will change the face of Indian business. But there are some aspects of this law that could have a substantial effect on politics. For instance, while the big companies will find bidders, it's likely that many of the smaller firms hauled to the bankruptcy courts find no buyers and have to be liquidated. What will happen to those who work in these firms?
Secondly, the Reserve Bank of India's clampdown on banks ever-greening their loans, while very welcome, will in the short run increase bad debts for banks, which will have to provide fresh capital to mend the hole in their books. This could affect bank lending and consequently the economy. The government is under pressure to be seen to be doing something about the Nirav Modi scam and if it degenerates into a witch hunt, it could affect business sentiment.
Finally, the Trump risk is a sword hanging over our heads, especially since our exports are doing badly even without trade wars.
To be sure, there are bright spots too—the GDP data shows that the construction sector, a big employer for the masses, is picking up. But there is no denying that uncertainty has increased.
This is all the more so after the Gorakhpur debacle. The BJP has been able to count on its Hindutva ideology to deliver the goods when the development rhetoric fails. Bluntly put, businesses and markets care a fig for ideology as long as it provides a stable right-wing pro-business government. Hindutva, seen through this lens, ticked all the right boxes. But losing the Gorakhpur seat raises a question mark on Hindutva's ability to deliver.
The irony is that, despite all the political jitters, at the end of the day, every ruling coalition at the centre knows it has no alternative but to pursue business friendly policies to ensure growth. That belief is what sustains the long-term India story.
Manas Chakravarty looks at trends and issues in the financial markets.
Respond to this column at manas.c@livemint.com
Fed Slaps Unusual Penalty On Wells Fargo Following 'Widespread Consumer Abuses'
Enlarge this image toggle caption CX Matiash/AP CX Matiash/AP
In a rare move, the Federal Reserve announced Friday that it is restricting Wells Fargo's growth and demanding the replacement of four board members in response to "widespread consumer abuses and compliance breakdowns" at the bank.
"Until the firm makes sufficient improvements, it will be restricted from growing any larger than its total asset size as of the end of 2017," the Fed said in a statement. This is first time the Fed has placed a cap on the overall growth of a firm.
Wells Fargo says it has $1.9 trillion in assets.
The move to snuff its growth comes after the bank admitted in 2016 to creating potentially millions of fake bank accounts at the expense of unsuspecting customers.
NPR's Chris Arnold has reported a "toxic high-pressure sales culture at the bank" drove workers to dupe consumers all while helping the bank's bottom line.
The Fed said Friday that Wells Fargo's business strategy prioritized its own growth at the expense of risk management resulting in compliance breakdowns. It is ordering the bank to "improve its governance and risk management processes, including strengthening the effectiveness of oversight by its board of directors."
In the meantime, Wells Fargo is permitted to continue accepting customer deposits and make consumer loans, the Fed said.
Wells Fargo said complying with the consent order is its number one priority and has already taken steps get there. It plans to present a plan for improvement to the Fed within two months.
CEO Tim Sloan said in a statement, "Although one part of the consent order restricts our company's asset growth, we remain financially strong and flexible and are confident we can fully serve your needs."
But the bank estimated that its total earnings could drop by as much as $400 million this year.
The move represents Fed Chair Janet Yellen's swan song. Saturday is her last day as head of the Fed when she steps down to make way for Jerome Powell, who takes over on Monday.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank and the consumers harmed by Wells Fargo expect that robust and comprehensive reforms will be put in place to make certain that the abuses do not occur again," Yellen said in a statement.
Kolte-Patil has termed the Pune land deal as a ‘strategic divestment'. Photo: iStockphoto
Bengaluru: Pune-based developer Kolte-Patil Developers Ltd has sold a land parcel in the city's Wakad suburb to Island Star Mall Developers Pvt. Ltd, an investment platform of Phoenix Mills Ltd and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB), for Rs160 crore, the companies said on Monday in separate BSE filings.
While Kolte-Patil has termed it as a “strategic divestment”, Mumbai-based Phoenix Mills said that it is the platform's first acquisition, which has a development potential of 1.6 million sq. ft and will allow premium retail development of a million sq. ft.
In April, a joint announcement was made saying Canada's largest pension fund CPPIB will invest a total of $250 million in multiple tranches, to eventually own up to 49% in Island Star Mall Developers, a unit of Phoenix Mills.
Island Star Mall Developers currently owns Phoenix MarketCity in Bengaluru, a mall with gross leasable area of 1 million sq. ft. Going forward, the platform will develop, own and operate retail-led, mixed-use developments across India. It will acquire and develop both greenfield land parcels and operational retail assets.
“This acquisition helps deliver on our strategy of expanding our Indian retail portfolio with Phoenix Mills, an aligned, best-in-class partner. Pune's attractive demographic and economic growth profile combined with an under-supplied retail market makes this an ideal location for a high-quality retail and entertainment destination, and is well suited to CPPIB's long-term investment horizon. We look forward to expanding our platform with Phoenix Mills across other cities,” Andrea Orlandi, managing director and head of real estate investments-Europe, CPPIB, said in a statement.
Phoenix Mills already has Phoenix MarketCity in east Pune, while the Wakad land will open another such retail address in the western part of the city.
Kolte-Patil said the strategic sale has been undertaken after evaluating the overall feasibility and is in line with the company's strategy of maintaining a lean balance sheet.
“The company will continue to explore strategic partnerships under asset-light models to enhance its overall portfolio and position the company for sustained growth,” the Pune developer said in a statement.
Many land transactions in the current scenario involve developers making strategic calls to divest land to other developers, who are often backed by large institutional investors.
In June, for instance, real estate firm BPTP Ltd sold a 14.8-acre land parcel along Dwarka Expressway to Mumbai-based Godrej Properties Ltd and is in the process of selling a second parcel around the same location to another developer. The sale of both will help BPTP raise around Rs500 crore.
The BPTP land is the fourth acquisition under the Godrej Residential Investment Program II (GRIP-II), a $275 million fund, which was raised from a clutch of investors with Dutch pension fund asset manager APG Asset Management NV as the lead investor.
The devastating aftermath of the Maryland helicop
Woman launches into a catfight after she spots he
Robert Lewandowski fit and raring to go against R
Wes Morgan back in Leicester training ahead of At
Steward gives not so thorough searches at Tottenh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea keeper Thibaut Courtois is set to miss Sunday's FA Cup semi-final against Spurs in a massive blow for the league leaders.
Fuming Blues boss Antonio Conte is now poised to veto the club's participation in a basketball promotion which resulted in his Belgium international no.1 picking up an ankle injury.
The setback ruled Courtois out of Sunday's 2-0 defeat at Manchester United, a result that blew the title race wide open.
Marcos Alonso was also understood to have been involved in the basketball shoot at Chelsea's Cobham HQ. He too limped out of the warm-up ahead of the United game and did not return.
(Photo: Reuters)
(Photo: Getty)
He too is on course to miss Sunday's Wembley showdown with Spurs.
It is a nightmare scenario for the Blues who have seen their seven point lead over Mauricio Pochettino's red-hot side reduced to just four points at the weekend.
Other players believed to have taken part in last week's shoot include Nathan Ake, Nemanja Matic and reserve keeper Asmir Begovic, now set to keep his place after stepping in for Courtois at Old Trafford.
The players were doing in a number of drills including tricks, half-court challenges and competing in a mini-game.
(Photo: PA)
It is claimed Courtois - who posted pictures of himself with Philadelphia 76ers star Joel Hans Embiid to Instagram - “got a bit carried away” as he leapt to receive a ball, twisted his ankle and landed awkwardly.
Chelsea are understood to have then scrapped plans for more of their players to get involved after Courtois sustained his injury last week.
After being in total control of the title race, they have now lost two of their last four Premier League games and face Southampton at home next Tuesday night.
NEW YORK (AP) — When nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards are announced Monday morning, the shadow of sexual misconduct scandals will be hard to avoid.
The nominations will begin at 8:15 a.m. EST. A second batch of nominees will follow live on NBC's “Today” show, where less than two weeks earlier, longtime host Matt Lauer was fired following multiple allegations of sexual misconduct.
Lauer was just the latest media figure to be toppled by the ongoing revelations that have followed the ouster of former Weinstein Co. co-chairman Harvey Weinstein, along with many others, including Kevin Spacey. As a co-star in Ridley Scott's upcoming “All the Money in the World,” Spacey — whose performance has been removed in reshoots — might have once expected to hear his named among Monday's best supporting actor nominees.
Amazon's “Transparent” and star Jeffrey Tambor have also been regular Globes nominees, and could be again Monday for the show's fourth season. Two women have come forward in the past month to accuse Tambor of sexual harassment, including “Transparent” actress Trace Lysette and his former assistant. Tambor has said “the idea that I would deliberately harass anyone is simply and utterly untrue.”
The Globes will be the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Weinstein landscape. Presented and chosen by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, their deliberations aren't representative of the larger industry. The HFPA is composed of approximately 90 largely unknown international journalists.
But the Globes, which this year will be hosted by Seth Meyers on January 7, have long characterized themselves as one of the frothiest stops on the awards season circuit. Many will be watching to see how the Globes weigh the likes of “Transparent” and “All the Money in the World.” A rough cut of the latter was reportedly screened for the HFPA shortly after Scott finished reshooting the film with Christopher Plummer stepping in for Spacey.
Among the favorites at the Globes this year are Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama “The Post” and Christopher Nolan's World War II tale “Dunkirk.” In the television categories, Hulu's “The Handmaid's Tale” and HBO's “Big Little Lies” could be in for a big morning.
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
BETHLEHEM METHODIST CHURCH
Memorial Services will be held on Sunday, May 27, at 11 a.m., at Bethlehem Methodist Church, with a special singing by the “Dandurand Family,” and the men's choir. A fellowship potluck will follow. Bro. Benjie Blackwell will preach.
BETHLEHEM CEMETERY
The Bethlehem Cemetery will hold Decoration Day on Saturday, May 26, and Sunday, May 27. Committee members will be available to accept donations for the upkeep of the cemetery. Donations may be mailed in care of treasurer Sandy Strode, 579 North Mudlick Rd., Tompkinsville, Ky. 42167. Committee members are Eddie Headrick, Tim Turner, Donald Staples and Burl Hunt.
NEAL CEMETERY
Memorial Day Services will be observed at the Neal Cemetery, near Flippin, on Sunday, May 27, at 2 p.m. Donations are needed for the upkeep of the cemetery and may be mailed or given to Carlie Proffitt, Geoff Pare, Chan Brown, Lonnie Ray Holland, Debbie Davis, Billy Hughes or Carol Light or dropped off at the donation box located the back of the cemetery.
JANE YOKLEY CEMETERY
Memorial Day will be observed at the Jane Yokley Cemetery on Saturday, May 26, and Sunday, may 27. Donations for the upkeep May be made be given to any committee member at the cemetery on those days or mailed to Gail Combs, 10 H. Combs Rd., Tompkinsville, Ky., 42167 or deposited at South Central Bank in Tompkinsville.
SKAGGS CREEK CEMETERY
Skaggs Creek Cemetery will hold its annual Memorial Day program on Sunday, May 27, at the shelter, at 2 p.m.Candles will be lit in honor of those who have been interrred since last Memorial Day. Families of those deceased are invited to attend and take part in the program.
ATHENS BAPTIST CHURCH
Memorial services will be held at Athens Missionary Baptist Church on Sunday, May 27, at 11 a.m., with dinner on the grounds after the morning service, with Bro. Ronnie Terry preaching. Singing in the afternoon will be by “The Beasley Family.”
FREEDOM #2 BAPTIST CHURCH
Memorial services will be held at Freedom #2 Baptist Church on Sunday, May 20, at 11 a.m., with dinner on the grounds after services. Donations to the cemetery may be given to Warren (Sonny) Arnett or Connie Savage.
ISENBERG CEMETERY
Memorial Day will be observed at the Isenberg Cemetery on Sunday, May 27, with a potluck at 12:30 p.m. Bring a covered dish. Cemetery committee members will be at the cemetery on Friday, May 25, Saturday, May 26 and Sunday, May 27, to accept donations. Donations may also be mailed to Dwanna Turner, 110 S. Magnolia St., Tompkinsville, Ky., 42167.
HICKORY RIDGE CEMETERY
Hickory Ridge Cemetery will observe Memorial Day, on Sunday, May 27. All donations can be made at Edmonton State Bank or by contacting Gary Walker at 270-427-6732.
OLD MT. HERMAN CEMETERY
The Old Mt. Herman Cemetery will observe Decoration Day on Saturday, May 26 and Sunday, May 27. The committee will be on hand to receive donations for the upkeep of the cemetery. Donations can be sent to Charles E. Graves, 1831 Lyons Chapel Rd., Tompkinsville, Ky., 42167. Checks may be made to Old Mt. Herman Cemetery.
PLEASANT HILL CEMETERY
Memorial Day services for the Pleasant Hill Cemetery will be held at the Pleasant Hill Church of Christ on Sunday, May 27, with Sunday school at 9:30 a.m., and worship at 10:30 a.m., and a potluck to be served after services. Jason Page will be the speaker. Donations for the upkeep of the cemetery may be made on Saturday, May 26 or Sunday, May 27, at the cemetery or contact Eyvind Page at 270-487-8685, Wayne Hammer at 270-487-8685, Donald Page at 270-487-6257 or Bobby Bartely at 270-487-6164.
EBENEZER CEMETERY
Decoration Day at Ebenezer Cemetery will be held on Sunday, May 27. Donations may be given to any committee member or mailed to Gary Emberton, 1260 Old Glasgow Rd.; David Cropper, 8725 County House Rd.; Greg Cropper, 3306 Ebenezer Rd.; Harold Reagan, 1086 Rawdon Woods Rd., or Libby A. Harper, County House Rd., all of Tompkinsville.
WILSON-BASIL CEMETERY
Memorial Day will be observed at the Wilson-Basil Cemetery on Sunday, May 27. The committee will be available to take donations.
CENTER POINT CEMETERY
Memorial Day will be observed from Saturday, May 26, to Monday, May 28, at the Center Point Cemetery. Donations for the upkeep may be mailed to John Osgatharp, 107 W. Hollywood, Tompkinsville., Ky, 42167, or deposited at Edmonton State Bank in Tompkinsville.
GAMALIEL CEMETERY
The Gamaliel Cemetery is in need of donations for the maintenance and upkeep of the cemetery. Donations can be mailed to Gamaliel Cemetery, Inc., P.O. Box 99, Gamaliel, Ky., 42140; taken to Edmonton State Bank in Gamaliel; dropped in the drive-through donation box at the exit of the cemetery or given to any of the cemetery trustees, Paul Lee, Rondal Turner, Roger Geralds, Chad Comer or John Harlin. Donations are tax-deductible and greatly appreciated. Gamaliel Cemetery Decoration Day will be held on Saturday, May 26. All ground flowers or anything that will interfere with mowing should be removed 30 days after Memorial Day.
MT. GILEAD CEMETERY
Funds are needed for the mowing and upkeep of the Mt. Gilead Cemetery. Families of those buried at Mt. Gilead are encouraged to help with these expenses. Volunteers will be at the cemetery on Friday afternoon and all day on Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (May 25, 26 and 27) to accept donations or mail them to Timmy Hammer, 47 Orchard Lane, Tompkinsville, Ky., 42167. Checks should be made payable to the Mt. Gilead Cemetery.
BASIL CEMETERY
Donations for the Basil Cemetery, to help with upkeep, will be collected on Saturday, May 26, Sunday, May 27 and Monday, May 28. Donations are appreciated and may also be mailed to Basil Cemetery, c/o Virgil L. Copas, 4044 Ft. Run Rd., Gamaliel, Ky., 42140.
SHORTS CHAPEL CEMETERY
Shorts Chapel Cemetery is now accepting donations and asking for volunteers to mow. Any flowers that are placed on the ground will be removed on July 4. Donations can be mailed to Citizens Bank of Cumberland County, Shorts Chapel Cemetery Fund, P.O. Box 810, Burkesville, Ky., 42717. For more information or to make a donation in person, contact Carla D. Kerr-Smith at 270-433-6981.
TURNER CEMETERY
Donations are needed for the maintenance and upkeep of the Turner Cemetery. These may be given to Thom Kendall, 174 N. Tom Ford Rd.; Ulysses (Chip) Isenberg, 608 Lake St., or Gary Emberton, 1260 Old Glasgow Rd., all of Tompkinsville.
BROWN CEMETERY
Brown Cemetery is in need of donations for the mowing season. Those may be mailed to Nelda Walden, 2578 Old Glasgow Rd., Tompkinsville, Ky.; South Central Bank, P.O. Box 307 Tompkinsville, Ky., 42167 or made in person at South Central Bank.
WASHINGTON — Former FBI Director James Comey has scorned the memo that was released by House Republicans after being declassified by President Donald Trump, saying it doesn't add up to much.
His assessment on Twitter was: "That's it?"
Comey called the memo "dishonest and misleading" and not worth the damage it's done to public trust in U.S. intelligence agencies.
After being declassified by Trump, the memo was released Friday by House Republicans. It claims the FBI abused its surveillance powers in the Russia investigation.
"This always seems like a really safe neighbourhood, so it was a big shock," she said while wiping back tears. "Everyone was out enjoying the sunshine, and enjoying life. I guess you just have to ... enjoy every day."
The memorial was set up on the east side of Yonge Street, just below Finch Avenue, where the deadly incident took place. Police officers still blanketed the scene on Tuesday as they continued to investigate.
Police have not yet released the names and ages of the victims, but Toronto Coun. Cesar Palacio revealed D'Amico's identity at an early-morning session at city hall, adding that he reached out to her father to express condolences.
"When I spoke to Rocco ... early this morning, it was clear that part of his life is gone," Palacio said. "As he noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever of his life."
Tennis Canada said D'Amico had volunteered at its marquis Rogers Cup Tournament every summer since the age of 12, starting out as a "ball girl" and eventually heading its stadium control committee. The organization also said she worked at Invesco Canada, a U.S.-based investment firm with offices near the scene of the attack.
"Anne Marie was voted volunteer of the year in 2016," Tennis Canada said in a statement. "She was always smiling, had the biggest heart and always put other people's needs ahead of her own."
Across the city from the crime scene, Minassian made a brief appearance in a packed courtroom to learn the charges filed against him. Clad in a white jumpsuit, he looked around and said little other than his name before charges were announced. His next court appearance is currently slated for May 10.
A man police identified as Minassian's father was also present in court.
When asked if he had a statement to offer to the victims' families, the man simply replied "I'm sorry."
Little is known about Minassian, but the Canadian Armed Forces said he served a very brief stint from late August to late October 2017.
"He did not complete his recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training," spokeswoman Jessica Lamirande said in a statement, declining to provide further details.
Minassian was arrested after a brief sidewalk standoff with a lone police officer not far from the incident site. The officer, identified by police sources as Const. Ken Lam, is being hailed as a hero for taking Minassian into custody without firing a single shot.
"It's one shining moment in an absolutely game-changing, abysmal, horrific day in the city of Toronto," city Police Union President Mike McCormack said. "The one...positive to take away from that day was his (officer's) behaviour."
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said that while the investigation is still underway, there is no evidence to suggest there was a "national security element" to the incident. Calling it a "senseless attack and a horrific tragedy," Trudeau called for a show of support for those affected as well as a city in mourning.
"The entire community of Toronto has shown strength and determination in the face of this tragedy," Trudeau said. "All Canadians stand united with Toronto today."
Toronto Mayor John Tory echoed that call and said the city will recover.
"Toronto was a great city yesterday, it is a great city today and it will be a great city tomorrow," he said. "The people who call this city home are shaken right now but we are not broken and we will not be broken."
At the Ontario legislature, members of all three provincial parties held a moment of silence and expressed their grief and support for the first responders at the scene.
Premier Kathleen Wynne said that while legislators were all reeling from Monday's incident, they felt it was important to carry on with the democratic process.
"We have to ensure that this kind of senseless act doesn't define us," Wynne said. "We owe it to the people of the province to reassure them that this is a safe place that we live in, because it is."
Wynne and Tory later travelled to the scene of the attack to lay flowers at the memorial.
U.S. President Donald Trump offered his condolences Tuesday morning.
"I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives," Trump said at a White House ceremony. "Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada."
Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders said Monday it was too early to suggest a motive for the deadly incident. Police are expected to provide further updates on the situation at a 3 p.m. news conference.
A Muslim-Canadian non-profit group called DawaNet, which helped raise more than $800,000 for the victims of last year's mosque shooting in Quebec, launched a GoFundMe page for the victims of the Toronto incident, which had raised more than $82,000 by Tuesday afternoon.
— With files from Maija Kappler and Liam Casey
By Michelle McQuigge, The Canadian Press
Want to buy a decent camera, but don't want to break the bank? The good news is that there are some cracking cameras out there if you're on a tight budget, including some great entry-level DSLRs, sleek-looking mirrorless cameras, advanced high-end compacts, bridge cameras with huge zoom lenses, not to mention travel zooms and pocket compacts.
And while some of these cheap cameras may not be the latest and greatest models available right now, they still deliver the goods.
We've compiled a selection of the best budget cameras going, so whether you want something to simply slot in your pocket for the odd snap that will be better pictures than your smartphone ever can, or a camera you can get a bit more creative with, you'll find it here.
If you need a bit more help figuring out what kind of camera you need, then read this article: What camera should I buy?
And if you want to spend a little more money, then check out our other camera buying guides below:
1. Sony Cyber-shot RX100
Sony's first true premium compact is a couple of years old now, but it still packs a punch
Type: Compact | Sensor: 1-inch, 20.2MP | Lens: 28-100mm f/1.8-4.9 | Screen: 3-inch, 1,229K dots | Viewfinder: N/A | Continuous shooting: 2.5fps | Movies: 1080p | User level: Expert
Large and capable sensor
High-end finish
No touchscreen
Showing its age
Sony's latest camera in its RX100 line, the RX100 VI, is one of our favourite compact cameras right now, but there's no getting away from the fact that it's a pricey option. The good news is that the original RX100 is still available new (as well as all the other iterations we've had since then), and while it might not offer some of the latest features it's still a great compact at a bargain price. The large 1.0-inch sensor delivers excellent levels of detail, with the broad and fast range of the zoom lens making it a versatile travelling companion. Okay, there's no built-in viewfinder or tilt screen as we've seen on some new models, but the monitor delivers excellent clarity, and the RX100's controls offer plenty of options for those who like to get hands-on. Take into account the sleek, premium finish and it all adds up to a great compact camera at a great price.
Read our in-depth Sony Cyber-shot RX100 review
2. Nikon D3400
The best entry-level DSLR out there is great value
Type: DSLR | Sensor: APS-C CMOS, 24.2MP | Lens mount: Nikon F | Screen: 3-inch, 921,000K dots | Viewfinder: Yes, optical | Continuous shooting: 5fps | Movies: 1080p | User level: Beginner
Easy to use
Great image quality
Limited connectivity options
Screen not touch-sensitive
If you're looking for your first DSLR, then Nikon's D3400 is hard to beat when it comes to price. It might not have the most comprehensive specification, but simply put, the D3400 ticks a lot of boxes for first time users. The large 24MP APS-C sensor delivers great images that are rich in detail, it's easy to use thanks to the useful onboard Guide Mode, has an impressive battery life and is backed-up by an impressive array of lenses and accessories. A great DSLR that also happens to be great value.
Read our in-depth Nikon D3400 review
3. Panasonic Lumix ZS50 / Lumix TZ70
A great all-round compact camera with a huge zoom range
Type: Compact | Sensor: 1/2.3-inch, 12.1MP | Lens: 24-720mm, f/3.3-6.4 | Monitor: 3-inch, 1,040K dots | Viewfinder: EVF | Continuous shooting: 10fps | Movies: 1080p | User level: Beginner/intermediate
30x zoom range
Wi-Fi and NFC
No touchscreen
Limited raw mode
Panasonic's ZS / TZ series of compacts has long dominated the compact travel zoom market, and that's still the case with the ZS50 (known as the TZ70 outside the US). While it may be eclipsed by its larger-sensor siblings, the ZS100 / TZ100 and ZS200 / TZ200, the ZS50 / TZ70 has the advantage of packing a huge 30x zoom into a pocket-sized body. There's even space for a (modest) electronic viewfinder, ideal for when the lighting makes it tricky to compose or review shots on the rear screen. You can use the camera like an advanced point-and-shoot compact, simply leaving it in auto for the camera to take care of settings, or you can shoot high-quality raw files, and make your own decisions about aperture and shutter speed.
Read our in-depth Panasonic Lumix ZS50 / Lumix TZ70 review
4. Canon EOS Rebel T6 / EOS 1300D
Perhaps the cheapest DSLR available today
Type: DSLR | Sensor: APS-C CMOS, 18MP | Lens mount: Canon EF-S | Screen: 3-inch, 920,000K dots | Viewfinder: Yes, optical | Continuous shooting: 3fps | Movies: 1080p | User level: Beginner
Easy to use
Compact size
Slow live view focusing
Fixed screen
The EOS Rebel T6 (known as the EOS 1300D outside the US) is one of Canon's most affordable DSLRs in its line-up and while it doesn't share the same latest tech as newer models, it's still a great a solid choice for first time users. The 18MP sensor is starting to show its age a little, while the AF in live view is a bit on the slow side, but when you consider you're getting a DSLR for the price of an average compact, then it doesn't look too bad at all. It's actually better than the newer EOS 4000D as well.
Read our in-depth Canon EOS Rebel T6 / EOS 1300D review
5. Nikon D5300
Replaced by both the D5500 and D5600, but still a good buy
Type: DSLR | Sensor: APS-C CMOS, 24.2MP | Lens mount: Nikon DX | Screen: 3.2-inch articulating, 1,037,000 dots | Viewfinder: Yes, optical | Continuous shooting speed: 5fps | Movies: 1080p | User level: Beginner/enthusiast
High-res, non-anti-aliased sensor
GPS built-in
No touchscreen
Slow live view focusing
The D5300 was around for little more than a year before the D5500 technically replaced it, which has in turn been replaced by the D5600. It shares the same 24.2MP sensor with an identical maximum ISO25,600 sensitivity as the D5500, whilst the D5300's EXPEED 4 image processor and 39-point autofocus system have also been carried over to its replacement. Whilst the D5300 doesn't sport fancy touchscreen control, you do get GPS instead. The D5300's 600-shot battery life has since been beaten by the D5500, but it'll still outlast a Canon EOS Rebel T6i / 750D. All in all, it may not be the latest entry-level DSLR, but the D5300 is still a smart buy.
Read our in-depth Nikon D5300 review
6. Sony Alpha A7 II
More megapixels than you could wish for at a cracking price
Type: Mirrorless | Sensor: Full-frame CMOS, 24.3MP | Lens mount: Sony E-mount | Screen: 3-inch articulating, 1,230,000 dots | Viewfinder: Yes, electronic | Continuous shooting speed: 5fps | Movies: 1080p | User level: Enthusiast
Great IS system
Compact size
No touchscreen
Small control dials
The new Alpha A7 III is one of our favorite cameras rights now, packing in a great performance for a brilliant price. If your budget can't stretch to it though, the Alpha A7 II is still worth a look as in some cases, it's half the price of its newer sibling. It might not have all the latest features, but you still get a very good 24.3MP full-frame sensor, a very capable AF system and excellent image stabilization. Handling isn't quite as refined though as the newer camera, but for the incredibly tempting price, this can be overlooked. You'll be hard pressed to find a better camera for your money.
Read our in-depth Sony Alpha A7 II review
7. Sony Alpha A5000
Sony's entry-level CSC is simple to use
Type: Mirrorless | Sensor: APS-C CMOS, 20.1MP | Lens mount: Sony E-mount | Screen: 3-inch tilt-angle display, 460K dots | Viewfinder: N/A | Continuous shooting: 3.5fps | Movies: 1080p | User level: Beginner/intermediate
Compact size
Tilting screen
No touchscreen
Getting on a bit
Despite being well over two years old, the Alpha A5000 is still a great buy for those looking for a simple to use mirrorless camera. Not only that, but it's also incredibly compact - even the 16-50mm lens isn't that large considering the focal length. There's a decent-sized tilt-angle screen, but the resolution is looking a bit behind the times now, while there's no viewfinder. That said, it's easy to use, while the Wi-Fi connectivity only adds to its appeal.
Read our in-depth Sony Alpha A5000 review
8. Canon PowerShot SX730 HS
30x optical zoom compact at a great price
Type: Compact | Sensor: 1/2.3-inch, 20.3MP | Lens: 24-960mm, f/3.3-6.9 | Screen: 3-inch tilt-angle screen, 922,000 dots | Viewfinder: No | Continuous shooting: 5.9fps | Movies: 1080p | User level: Beginner
Excellent zoom range
Decent build quality
No touchscreen
No viewfinder
The PowerShot SX710 HS is appealing to both absolute beginners and to those with a little more experience of photography. On the back is a small mode dial which enables you to quickly switch between different exposure modes, including full manual and semi-automatic modes for those who want to take control, plus fully automatic and scene modes. The 30x optical zoom covers an excellent range of focal lengths and gives plenty of flexibility for the average holiday shooter. There's no touchscreen however, but you can't really complain at the price. A nicely capable camera for those who just want a point and shoot compact with a long focal length zoom range.
If you're looking for a camera with a huge zoom range, but still small enough to pop in a (allbeit bagging) pocket, then the Canon PowerShot SX730 HS could be the answer. The 24-960mm covers and excellent range of focal lengths and
is something of a tale of two halves. The good news is that it exhibits a fine build and is generally pleasing to use, with good response across most aspects of operation. If you want a no-nonsense camera with a broad zoom range, and most of the decision-making left to it, the SX730 HS may just be what you're after. The flipside of this is that the PowerShot SX730 HS lacks several of the features of its rivals, despite being one of the dearest options of its kind. 4K video, touch operation, an electronic level, even the option to move the focusing point; if you want any of these you'll have to look elsewhere.
Read our in-depth Canon PowerShot SX730 HS review
9. Sony Cyber-shot WX220
Pocket performer with a 10x optical zoom
Type: Compact | Sensor: 1/2.3-inch, 18.2MP | Lens: 25-250mm, f/3.3-5.9 | Monitor: 2.7-inch, 460K dots | Viewfinder: No | Continuous shooting: 1.5fps | Movies: 1080p | User level: Beginner
10x zoom range
Built-in Wi-Fi
No textured grip
Confusing menu system
If you're wanting a compact camera that can do a better job than your smartphone the Cyber-shot WX220 ticks a lot of boxes, especially when you consider the extra flexibility offered by the 10x optical zoom, running from 25-250mm. Images are bright and punchy, with decent detail – ideal for sharing online or printing at typical sizes – while it's nice to see Wi-Fi connectivity included as well. The 2.7-inch screen is a little on the small side, but that does help to keep the dimensions of the camera to a pocket-friendly size. The WX220 may not have lots of bells and whistles, but what it does do, it does well.
Read our in-depth Sony Cyber-shot WX220 review
10. Panasonic Lumix FZ70 / FZ72
Bridge camera that packs a monster 60x zoom lens
Type: Bridge compact | Sensor size: 1/2.3-inch, 16.1MP | Lens: 20-1200mm, f/2.8-5.9 | Screen: 3-inch, 460,000 dots | Viewfinder: Yes | Continuous shooting rate: 9fps | Maximum video resolution: 1080p | User level: Beginner/enthusiast
60x zoom range
Raw format shooting
No Wi-Fi
Low-resolution EVF
Despite it being one of the cheapest bridge cameras available, you still get a lot of camerae for your cash with the Panasonic Lumix FZ70 (known as the FZ72 outside the US). Let's start with the lens. The Lumix FZ70 packs in a staggering 60x optical zoom, running from an impressively ultra-wide 20mm-equivalent to 1200mm, so you won't have any excuses for not filling the frame. You also have the option of full manual control (as well as a host of helpful auto modes), raw format shooting, and decent image quality from a sensor this size. Downsides? While there is an EVF, it's not the best quality, and there's no touchscreen functionality or wireless connectivity.
Read our in-depth Panasonic Lumix FZ70 / Lumix FZ72 review
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been on countless royal engagements together since getting engaged in 2010, but they've shown very little PDA during official events in the public eye. (Meanwhile, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle can't seem to stop holding hands.) However, that briefly changed this weekend during the official St. Patrick's Day ceremonies.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
While meeting the Irish Guards at the Cavalry Barracks in Hounslow, England, Prince William was spotted putting his hand on Kate Middleton's back. Though subtle, the gesture was a generally unprecedented move from a couple that rarely touches in public.
Getty Images
The Duke of Cambridge, dressed in military uniform, laid a white gloved hand on the Duchess' forest green Catherine Walker coat dress (which she was previously seen wearing on their royal tour of Sweden).
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
This actually marked the second time the couple snuck PDA into their public appearances last week. The first occurred on Monday during the formal Commonwealth Day ceremony at Westminster Abbey, where William was also seen putting his hand on Kate's back.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Why are the Duke and Duchess so skimpy on hand-holding and hugs anyway? There's no written, formal ban against royal PDA, but the couple refrains from doing so because they're technically "working representatives of British Monarchy," royal etiquette expert Myka Meier told People in 2016.
"The couple are likely to show very little PDA, if any, to remain professional during their designated roles abroad," she added. That's why you'll hardly see William and Kate engage in PDA during their royal tours, as well; they're still representing the crown during those official visits.
The last time royal fans freaked out over the couple's rare PDA moments was in December, when Middleton placed her hand on William's knee when they received gold Blue Peter badges. It was questioned whether the gesture was inspired by Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's PDA-filled engagement interview two weeks prior.
Kyle Aldieri, from KTA racing, donated over 350 chocolate race cars to Southington Community Services for the annual Easter basket campaign.
White City, Oregon…August 12…Dustin Knight won the 25 lap Late Model Main Event Saturday night at Southern Oregon Speedway. It was Knight's second win of the season and came on Hall Of Fame Night. Knight won his six lap heat race and the four lap Trophy Dash. Knight led 11 laps before Nathan Augustine surprised him by taking the lead in Turn 4. Augustine looked like he would win until traffic slowed him up on lap 19. Knight used traffic to regain the lead in Turn 4. Once he got the lead, Knight went on to a crowd pleasing victory. Augustine settled for second ahead of Bob Dees, Mike Linder and Scott Lenz.
Zach Fettinger won his first 25 lap IMCA Modified Main Event. Preston Jones led the first eight laps of the race, but he slowed to a stop in Turn 2 on the ninth lap, handing the lead to Fettinger. Fettinger had Mark Wauge and Jesse Bailey behind him when a slower car veered into his path on the front stretch, resulting in a spin for Bailey in Turn 1 on lap 19. The yellow flag was charged to the slower car with Bailey placed back in third. Fettinger led the remaining laps for the win despite pressure from Wauge. Bailey beat Wauge back to the checkered flag for second as Matt Duste and Duane Orsburn were fourth and fifth, respectively.
Rich McCoy won his second 20 lap IMCA Sport Modified Main Event. McCoy took the lead from Willie McFall on the third lap and led the rest of the way to add the feature win to his earlier six lap heat and four lap Trophy Dash triumphs. McFall helped his championship hopes with a season best second place finish after a good battle with David Marble. Justin McCreadie and Jorddon Braaten rounded out the Top 5.
Brock Peters won his fourth 20 lap SODCA Dwarf Car Main Event. The reigning champion led the race from the start to the finish. B. Peters had a late challenge from Camden Robustelli, but he stayed smooth during the remaining laps for the win. Robustelli settled for second. Randy Slater held off Cody Peters and Kalvin Morton for his best effort of the season in third.
Point leader Scott Lenz had a flag to flag romp for his third 20 lap Pro Stock Main Event win. It capped a clean sweep of his six lap heat race and four lap Trophy Dash. Lenz pulled ahead on four restarts and scored the impressive victory. Scott Flowers made a lap 19 pass on son James Flowers to finish second. Jeffrey Hudson and Ken Irving completed the Top 5.
Jason Stoutenburgh won his second straight 20 lap JOAT Labs Hornets Main Event. It wrapped up a clean sweep of his six lap heat race and the four lap Trophy Dash and put him into the point lead. Even a yellow flag for Brandon Wonsyld's bumper on the backstretch on lap 13 failed to stop Stoutenburgh as he led all the way for his impressive win. Two time Cottage Grove Speedway champion Chris Pierce finished second ahead of Derrel Nelson Jr., Jenna Hedges and Tim Hedges.
After the heat races, the track inducted Don Harper, Don Hood, Peggy Henry, Jerry McGrew, Bert Beck, Ben Neel and Harold Hardesty into the Southern Oregon Racing Hall Of Fame in a special ceremony conducted by announcer Bryce Burtner. Hood and McGrew were on hand to accept their awards. Family members accepted on the other's behalf. A moment of silence for prayer was held for Hardesty, who has been missing for several months.
Racing continues next Saturday night with Kendall Oil Winged Sprints Cars, Late Models, Pro Stocks and OTRO Hardtops. For further information, go to www.southernoregonspeedway.com.
Unofficial Race Results
IMCA Modifieds
Heat Winners (6 Laps)-Preston Jones, Matt Duste. Trophy Dash (4 Laps)-Ray Kniffen Jr. Main Event (20 Laps)-Zach Fettinger, Jesse Bailey, Mark Wauge, Matt Duste, Duane Orsburn.
Late Models
Heat Winners (6 Laps)-Bob Dees, Dustin Knight. Trophy Dash (4 Laps)-Dustin Knight Main Event (20 Laps)-Dustin Knight, Nathan Augustine, Bob Dees, Mike Linder, Scott Lenz.
IMCA Sport Modifieds
Heat Winners (6 Laps)-Willie McFall, David Marble. Trophy Dash (4 Laps)-Rich McCoy. Main Event (20 Laps)-Rich McCoy, Willie McFall, David Marble, Justin McCreadie, Jorddon Braaten.
Pro Stocks
Heat Winners (6 Laps)-Jeffrey Hudson, Scott Lenz. Trophy Dash (4 Laps)-Scott Lenz. Main Event (20 Laps)-Scott Lenz, Scott Flowers, James Flowers, Jeffrey Hudson, Ken Irving.
JOAT Labs Hornets
Heat Winners (6 Laps)-Jason Stoutenburgh, Jenna Hedges. Trophy Dash (4 Laps)-Jason Stoutenburgh. Main Event (20 Laps)-Jason Stoutenburgh, Chris Pierce, Derrel Nelson Jr., Jenna Hedges, Tim Hedges.
SODCA Dwarf Cars
Heat Winners (6 Laps)-Camden Robustelli, Brock Peters. A Dash (4 Laps)-Camden Robustelli. B Dash (8 Laps)-Mason Lewman. Main Event (20 Laps)-Brock Peters, Camden Robustelli, Randy Slater, Cody Peters, Kalvin Morton.
Chief of Army Staff General Qamar Javed Bajwa visited Military Academy Kakul in Abbottabad on Friday, where he was briefed on various functional aspects of Academy for grooming and professional upbringing of the cadets.
Talking to the faculty, the army chief appreciated exceptionally high standards of the premier army institution and its efforts towards grooming of the young cadets to take on challenges of future battlefield, lead men from front and be good citizens of Pakistan with the drive, acumen and outlook to contribute to both their institution and the country.
Earlier, on arrival, COAS was received by Commandant PMA Maj Gen Abdullah Dogar.
Meanwhile, in Lahore, Gen Bajwa visited the family of Lieutenant Colonel Amer Wahid Shaheed, who embraced martyrdom near Panjgur, Balochistan, on September 4 in a terrorist attack.
The army chief condoled with the bereaved family and offered Fateha. He said, “The supreme sacrifices rendered by our officers and men shall never go waste.”
He reiterated that “our fight against terrorism shall continue till achievement of enduring peace and stability.”
Humane Society Retains CEO After Sexual Harassment Allegations
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jeff Lewis/The Humane Society of the United States Jeff Lewis/The Humane Society of the United States
The CEO of the Humane Society of America, Wayne Pacelle, will keep his job leading one of the nation's largest animal charities despite an internal investigation that identified sexual harassment complaints by three female subordinates and threats by major donors to cut their support.
The decision to retain Pacelle by the board of directors, who reviewed the allegations during a seven-hour meeting, has led to the immediate resignation of seven board members in protest.
As The Washington Post reports,
"The internal investigation, which was conducted by Washington law firm Morgan Lewis last month, detailed the stories of three women who said Pacelle harassed them, with complaints dating to 2005. "The nonprofit group also offered settlements to three other workers who said they were dismissed or demoted after speaking up about Pacelle's alleged sexual misconduct, according to a memo describing the law firm's findings. "Several former female leaders told the law firm that their warnings about Pacelle's behavior were not taken seriously for years, the memo said. "Pacelle denied all the allegations to The Post on Monday."
Among the allegations of harassment dating to 2005: One woman said Pacelle tried to kiss her against her will; another said he asked to masturbate in front of her; a third woman said Pacelle made a late-night visit to her office and asked to salsa dance.
Pacelle told the Post, "This is a coordinated attempt to attack me and the organization. And I absolutely deny any suggestion that I did anything untoward."
The seven board members who resigned were author Suzy Welch; Marsha Perelman, former chief executive of the Philadelphia Zoo; Jennifer Leaning, director of the Harvard FXB Center; cartoonist Patrick McDonnell; Buffy Linehan, a former executive at the Altria Group; David Brownstein, managing director and head of public finance at Citi; and Andrew Weinstein, chief executive of Ridgeback Communications.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A social media model has been accused of offering sex to traffic police to try and get out of a driving offence.
Kira Mayer, 24, has an Instagram following of more than 145,000 thanks to erotic photographs and videos of her in revealing lingerie .
But when she was stopped by police driving without a licence in the Russian capital of Moscow she allegedly offered them a more private performance, according to local media reports.
The model is said to have been stripped of her licence six months ago after leaving the scene of an accident.
(Image: CEN/@mayer_kira)
(Image: CEN/@mayer_kira)
(Image: CEN/@mayer_kira)
But after she was stopped earlier this month it is claimed the model offered solo or group sex with the police officers who had stopped her.
After declining their offer the officers are said to have taken her to a police detention cell where she attempted to slash her wrists with a necklace.
A psychiatric team is reportedly assessing her mental condition.
Kevin Pedersen, a former Senior Special Agent with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), will be the guest speaker at the Kiwanis Club of Homestead/South Dade's 43rd annual Prayer Breakfast, Mar. 30, at the Harris Field Pavilion, 1034 NE Eighth St., in Homestead.
The Good Friday breakfast begins at 7 a.m.
Pedersen, a former All-America and state wrestling champion at Miami Palmetto High School, graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point and served in the U.S. Army before beginning his 21-year career with the DEA. The subject of the Emmy-nominated ESPN Sports Center film Pin/Kings, Pedersen was twice awarded the Administrator's Award, the DEA's highest award of valor.
In addition to Pedersen, the Prayer Breakfast will feature internationally-known tenor Dale Kitchell and the “Team Bhive” Dance Ensemble from the Huneyshine Dance Studio.
Tickets, $10 for adults and $5 for students, are available at the law office of John P. Maas Esq., 44 NE 16 St. in Homestead.
For more information, phone 305-247-7132.
PRINCETON, N.J. — Desmond Cambridge scored 32 points, including the go-ahead 3-pointer in overtime, to lift Brown to a 102-100 win over Princeton on Saturday night.
Trailing by two after a pair of free throws from Princeton's Myles Stephens, Brown (10-9, 3-3 Ivy League) took the lead for good with Cambridge's seventh 3-pointer of the game to make it 101-100 with five seconds left in overtime. Brandon Anderson set the final score with a free throw and clinched the win by rebounding his own missed second shot from the line.
Cambridge forced overtime with a pair of free throws at the end of regulation to tie the game at 90, and finished 10 for 16 from the field. He missed just two of his nine shots from long range and hauled in nine rebounds. Anderson had 25 points, including 12 for 13 from the free-throw line, Obi Okolie had 15 points and Zach Hunsaker scored 11 for Brown, which shot 58 per cent and snapped a two-game skid.
Princeton (11-9, 3-2) got 27 points from Devin Cannady, who led five Tigers in double figures. It marked the first time in program history that Princeton has had two triple-digit games in a single season.
With Politics, NBA Speaks Its Mind
Enlarge this image toggle caption Nick Wass/AP Nick Wass/AP
Athletics as escapism makes sense. A recent New York Times op-ed writer reminded us that that talking sports offers a "way for people who have diametrically opposed politics to share a beer at a bar."
Well, if you enjoy sports only as an escape from political give and take, there's some bad news: You can no longer enjoy the NBA.
Take this past Wednesday, which began with LeBron James — the defending NBA champ — addressing Donald Trump's travel ban head on. "I stand with the many, many Americans who believe this does not represent what the United States is all about," James told The Hollywood Reporter. "We should continue to speak out about it."
That same day, Steph Curry — the defending MVP — publicly parted ways with the CEO of Under Armour, his corporate partner, who'd called Trump an "asset" to America. "I agree with the description," Curry told The Mercury News. "If you remove the '-et' from asset."
At first, this might just sound like defiance from a couple of athletes. But listen to their bosses.
Listen to Golden State coach Steve Kerr, whose own father was killed in a terror event in Beirut in 1984, discuss the travel ban two weeks ago.
"Having lost my father, if we're trying to combat terrorism by banishing people from coming to this country, it's the wrong way to go about it," Kerr said.
And there's San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich taking on America's racial divide this month.
"It's a tough one because people don't really want to face it. And it's in our national discourse," he said. "I mean, we have a president of the United States who spent four or five years disparaging and trying to illegitimize our president."
Now, basketball has not always been our most political sport. In the 1990s, Charles Barkley offered a rather different assessment of his public platform: "I am not a role model. I am not paid to be a role model."
NBA was where Michael Jordan, Barkley's teammate on the '92 Dream Team, reportedly backed away from endorsing a Democrat, saying, "Republicans buy sneakers, too." [Editor's note: This Jordan quote has been questioned as apocryphal.]
But '92 was actually a turning point.
That Olympic "dream team" exported basketball across the planet, bringing about a new age for the game and making basketball our most cosmopolitan and personality-driven sport.
Three-fourths of the league today is black. One-fourth of the league is foreign-born. Two NBA players, Luol Deng and Thon Maker, were born in Sudan, but to us they're just NBA players.
Yes, baseball may be our national pastime, and football our national addiction. But the NBA is our nation itself: an outspoken, melting pot of a family — whether you enjoy that, or not.
Unsane (2018) - Movie Details Suspense
A young woman is involuntarily committed to a mental institution where she is confronted by her greatest fear--but is it real or is it a product of her delusion?... Full synopsis »
MOVIE REVIEW
This movie review is currently away from the desk. Please come again.
Moment of market bomb blast which killed nearly 30 people
Corrie viewers call for Norris and Mary to get to
Swarms of fans descend on airport to greet Oscar
Fireworks rain down on screaming crowd as Full Mo
Pit Bull attacks owner when she tries to make it
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A sickening video has been released by terrorist group ISIS, of two of its jihadi killers, detonating bombs inside a packed market in Iraq.
Many of the 27 killed were stood around a food stall, getting breakfast, when the two suicide bombers detonated their devices.
More than 50 people were injured in the blast in the Iraqi capital Baghdad on New Year's Eve.
No-one immediately claimed responsibility of the attack in the Al-Sinek area of the city, but today, ISIS released the footage and confirmed its involvement.
According to the Telegraph huge crowds were expected to gather on Saturday evening in the streets of Baghdad to celebrate the New Year for only the second time since the lifting in 2015 of a years-old curfew.
ISIS appears to be on its last legs and is defending its last centres in Iraq.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi had vowed earlier in 2016 that his forces would rid the country of IS by the end of the year but the Mosul operation has been slower moving that expected.
(Photo: Haidar Hamdani/AFP/Getty)
(Photo: Sabah Arar/AFP/Getty)
This week he told a televised news conference that Iraqi forces would now require at least another three months.
Forget Jaime and Cersei, or even Jon and Dany, there is only one power couple in the Seven Kingdoms, and it is the beautiful union between Kit Harington and Rose Leslie. From Westeros to wedding bells, the two are set to tie the knot sometime in the near future. Away from all the unhappy endings and bloodshed of HBO's #GameOfThrones, at least the co-stars have managed to find happiness.
However, continuing the bad luck of his character #JonSnow, it seems that the road to romance with Leslie wasn't as easy as we'd hoped. Everyone has heard that Jon Snow knows nothing, at it seems true, because it sounds like the King in the North doesn't even know how to propose properly.
'Snowly' Does It
Speaking to Jonathan Ross, #KitHarington revealed how he embarrassingly f*cked up one of the biggest moments in his life:
"I did have some plans to do it, I was going to string up some lights in some trees and do all the romantic stuff... but we were in the country and we were under this beautiful night sky and had a log fire burning and red wine, and I blew my load early."
Steady on now Kit, we all know things can get a little steamy in a cave, but let's keep it PG. The 30-year-old then went on to clarify what he actually meant:
"Sorry, that's a really bad expression! I was meant to do it the day after with the lights. What I meant to say was, I popped my question a bit early. Not blew my load."
While other Thrones stars Lena Headey and Jerome Flynn have struggled to balance their work and love life, Harington and Leslie's story seems to be a fairytale in the making — even if they are related. For those who don't know, Harington and Leslie met on the set of the Ice and Fire saga back in Season 2 and soon started dating. Author George R.R. Martin had already written a grim path for Leslie's Ygritte, and just like her book counterpart, the flame-haired wildling kicked the bucket. Leslie departed the show back in Season 4, but she and Harington continued to date.
Even if Kit is as much as a buffoon as his moping on-screen character, at least his luck with the ladies has carried on outside the show. Here's hoping the rest of the story goes without a hitch, the last thing we need is a real-life Purple Wedding on our hands!
Check out Jon and Ygritte getting it on in Game of Thrones and don't forget the poll below:
Lahore/ New Delhi: Ahead of the Independence Day in neighbouring nations – India and Pakistan, a small flag war seems to have ensued.
Pakistan on August 14, it's Independence Day, hoisted a 400-feet high national flag, the largest in its history, at the Attari-Wagah border to mark it's 70th Independence Day. Pakistan Army chief Gen Qamar Javed Bajwa hoisted the flag at the border after midnight last night.
The flag, 400-feet high and 120 feet by 80 feet in size, is reportedly the highest in South Asia and the 8th highest in the world.
Earlier in March this year, the India hoisted a 360-foot-tall tricolour at the Wagah border. The flag could be spotted from Lahore in Pakistan. An estimated Rs 3.50 crore was on the flag by Punjab government. However, days later, strong winds tore down the flag and the authorities decided to take it down.
It reappeared yesterday, a day before Pakistan hoisted its 'tallest' flag at the Wagah border.
Gen Bajwa said: "Some 77 years ago, Pakistan resolution was passed in the same city (Lahore). Pakistan came into being on the night of 27th Ramadan - it was a blessed night.
"Today, the country is progressing on the path of the law and the constitution. All institutions are working properly. We will make Pakistan the country of Quaid-e-Azam and Allama Iqbal."
Gen Bajwa enunciated the many challenges Pakistan faced but also tried to drum up the nationalistic sentiment.
With PTI Inputs
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman claims she was beaten and racially abused after she asked for a pizza not to be too spicy when she ordered a takeaway.
Safia Sidki said she had to be hidden behind the counter of Bella takeaway in Hessle, Hull, after two women launched a savage attack on her, before wrenching out clumps of her hair and pulling her to the ground.
The 23-year-old claims she was told she had "dirty skin" by the two women and was called a "p***" in the racist attack before being punched in the face, Hull Daily Mail reports.
She said she was then kicked in the ribs after she fell to the floor and claims police told her they found clumps of her hair on the pavement after the attack.
"They came up to me saying I was being racist towards English people, but I am English," said Safia.
(Photo: Hull Daily Mail / SWNS.com)
"My mum is English and my dad is from Morocco. The men in the takeaway had to hide me behind the counter and when my taxi arrived the two women stood in front of me and started pulling my hair out and dragged me to the ground."
The alleged abuse began when Safia walked into the takeaway in Prestongate to get a pizza for her friend at about 1am on Saturday.
As she is a regular of the fast food joint, staff members were surprised when she asked for a margherita pizza.
During her conversation with the staff, Safia said: "It's not for me, it's for my basic friend. She only likes basic English food, nothing spicy."
It was at this point Safia claims the two women inside the takeaway approached her.
"They came over to me and started saying I was being racist towards English people," she said.
"I explained to them I was joking with the guys behind the counter because that's not my normal order, and then they started calling me things like p*** and dirty skin, then one of them punched me in the face."
Safia was then hidden under the counter by staff members who removed the women from the shop. However, the alleged attackers waited outside for Safia until she came out half an hour later.
"The guys at Bella wouldn't let me out and kept saying I had to stay inside with them until the women left," she added.
(Photo: Hull Daily Mail / SWNS.com)
"I needed to leave because my friends were waiting for me so I ordered a taxi and asked them to pull up right outside the door so I could jump straight in. The women were still waiting outside and the guys walked out with me to protect me.
"That's when they said, 'You're not going anywhere', and pulled my hair out. The police have told me they found clumps of my hair on the path.
"They dragged me to the floor and started kicking me in my ribs and my neck and just punching me. It didn't last too long because people helped get them off me and I managed to jump into the taxi."
The two women are described as white and in their late 30s to early 40s. They are both of a large build and had very short, cropped, greying hair. One of them was wearing a dark hooded top.
Anyone with information should call Humberside Police on 101, quoting log 50 of April 15.
Buried In Trump's Nuclear Report: A Russian Doomsday Weapon
Enlarge this image toggle caption USAF Lookout Moutain Laboratory USAF Lookout Moutain Laboratory
The Trump administration released a report on the state of America's nuclear weaponry on Friday. The assessment, known as a Nuclear Posture Review, mainly concerns U.S. nukes and missiles.
But buried in the plan is a mention of a mysterious Russian weapon called "Status-6." On paper, at least, Status-6 appears to be a kind of doomsday device. The report refers to it as "a new intercontinental, nuclear-armed, nuclear-powered, undersea autonomous torpedo."
"The radius of total or near-total destruction is the size of a pretty large metropolitan area, actually," says Edward Geist, a Russia specialist at the Rand Corp. who has spent time looking at the weapon. "It's difficult to imagine in normal terms."
Status-6 made its first public appearance in 2015, while Russian President Vladimir Putin was visiting with his generals in the city of Sochi.
Russia state television reported on the visit. The camera shows Putin seated at a long table. Then it cuts to a shot over one of the general's shoulders. He is looking at what appears to be a drawing of a new nuclear weapon called the Oceanic Multipurpose System Status-6.
Status-6 looks like a giant torpedo about a third the length of a big Russian submarine. According to the slide, it is nuclear-powered, meaning it can roam for months and possibly even years beneath the ocean without surfacing. Its payload is a nuclear warhead "many tens of megatons in yield," Geist says.
That is thousands of times more powerful than the bombs dropped at the end of World War II and more powerful than anything currently in the U.S. and Russian arsenals.
Status-6 would launch from beneath a Russian submarine. It would shoot at a depth too deep to be intercepted and travel for thousands of miles. Upon reaching its target along the U.S. coastline, it would detonate, swallowing up whatever city happened to be nearby.
"The only possible U.S. targets are large port cities," says Mark Schneider, a senior analyst with the National Institute for Public Policy, wrote in an e-mail. "The detonation of Status-6 in any of them would essentially wipe out their population into the far suburbs."
"The detonation would cause a very large amount of radioactive fallout," adds Pavel Podvig, an arms control expert who runs a blog called Russian Strategic Nuclear Forces. Podvig believes the weapon could potentially bathe the entire Northeast Corridor in radioactive soot.
Status-6 would probably be used as a "third-strike" weapon of last resort. If Russia fell under attack from the U.S. and couldn't retaliate with its missiles, it might trigger Status-6: a doomsday machine. Or at least a doomsday-ish machine.
YouTube
Then again, the whole thing might be a fake.
"The drawing of this drone looks more like an enlarged drawing of a smaller torpedo," says Podvig. In other words, it looks as if the Russians may have just taken some torpedo clip art, blown it up to terrifying size and then broadcast it on state television.
Why?
"It's a way to get our attention," says Geist.
Geist says that the "leak" of Status-6 was deliberate. Russia worries that U.S. missile defenses might be able to shoot down its missiles in a nuclear war. By showing a plan for Status-6, Russia is warning the U.S. that if it continues to build such defensive systems, then Russia will find another way to strike, with a missile that can't be intercepted.
"My read of the whole Status-6 slide leak is that the Russians were trying to send us a message," Geist says.
Podvig agrees that the leak of Status-6 is probably just a warning shot. But the fact that it appeared in the Pentagon's newest report on nuclear weapons shows that some war planners are taking the idea seriously.
There may be some politics involved in that decision as well, says Hans Kristensen of the Federation of American Scientists. The Trump administration is pushing hard for upgrades to America's nuclear arsenal. In his State of the Union address, the president called for making the arsenal "so strong and so powerful that it will deter any acts of aggression by any other nation or anyone else."
Citing Status-6 helps to build the case that upgrades to American nukes are needed, Kristensen says.
For all the rhetoric around Status-6, Podvig and Geist both believe that the program isn't completely made-up. Geist says a long-range underwater drone without a nuclear warhead would be a useful weapon.
"You could use it for tapping our underwater communications cables," he says. "Or simpler, in a war, is just going out and like finding them and cutting them."
Status-6 could also carry conventional munitions, like cruise missiles, and launch them after hiding for months beneath the water.
Podvig has seen photos that he says indicate the Russians are working on some hardware for big underwater drones.
"My best guess is that there is a project to design an underwater vehicle with a purpose, unknown at this point," he says. "There is something there."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former France midfielder Henri Michel has died at the age of 70, the French Footballers' Union (UNFP) has confirmed.
As a player, Michel led Nantes to three Ligue 1 titles and won 58 caps for his country before beginning a long and varied managerial career.
Under Michel's guidance, France won the Olympic title in 1984 in Los Angeles, and reached the World Cup semi-finals two years later.
Michel went on to coach at a number of clubs and nations in Africa, including leading the Ivory Coast in their 2006 World Cup campaign.
The UNFP tweeted: "Henri Michel, a colossus of French Football, left us this morning in his 70th year. UNFP sends its deepest condolences to his family and loved ones."
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
After his death Nantes wrote: "A legend. The legend. FC Nantes has just learned with immense sadness the disappearance of its ex-captain Henri Michel."
Ex-PSG and Hull defender Bernard Mendy commented: "All my condolences to the family and friends of Henri Michel. #BigHeart."
DETROIT (AP) — Young drivers aren't alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads, a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths.
Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
Younger drivers are the worst offenders. Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to at least one of those behaviors. But even mature drivers skirted the rules more often researchers expected. For instance, 10 percent of drivers between 60 and 74 have texted or sent email from behind the wheel, while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they'd driven through a light that had just turned red.
“It was a surprise that there were relatively high rates of these behaviors among the drivers we think of as safer,” said Lindsay Arnold, a research associate with the AAA Foundation.
Advertisement
Arnold said the responses were similar to those in past years, indicating a troubling trend. In 2015, U.S. traffic deaths rose 7 percent to 35,092, the largest single-year increase in five decades. They're expected to rise again in 2016 when that data is finalized.
“It points to the need to improve driver behavior if we're going to reverse this alarming trend,” Arnold said.
Teen driver education campaigns have had some success, foundation spokeswoman Tamra Johnson said. Now the organization is considering the best ways to reach drivers of other ages.
The study found broad agreement on some issues. Eighty-seven percent of drivers said they have never driven when they thought they were close to the legal alcohol limit. Ninety-five percent said they had never driven within an hour of using marijuana. Eighty-eight percent of drivers say it's unacceptable to drive without a seat belt, and 82 percent support laws requiring motorcycle riders to wear helmets.
But drivers' behavior sometimes contradicted their own instincts. More than three-quarters of drivers say it's unacceptable to text or email while driving, but 31 percent had done so in the last month and 8 percent do so often. Ninety-six percent of drivers say drowsy driving is a serious safety threat, but 29 percent had recently driven when they were so tired they had trouble keeping their eyes open.
The study questioned 2,511 licensed drivers aged 16 and over. Among its findings:
— The youngest drivers — those ages 16 to 18 — were less likely to engage in speeding, running red lights or texting while driving than drivers in their 20s through 50s.
— Eighty-three percent of drivers — and 86.5 percent of drivers 75 or older — said they were more careful than other drivers on the road.
— Just over half of drivers feel seriously threatened by drivers talking on cell phones, but 68 percent made a call while driving in the last 30 days.
— Drivers ages 40-59 were the most likely to use a hands-free phone in the car. Driver ages 16-18 and 75 or older were the most likely to hold their phones and talk while driving.
— Twenty-three percent of drivers — and 36 percent of those ages 19 to 24 — think it's acceptable to drive 15 mph over the speed limit on a freeway. Forty-six percent of drivers say they have driven that fast on a freeway in the last 30 days.
— Sixty percent of drivers say people who drive after using illegal drugs are a serious threat, but just 34 percent say the same about people who drive after using prescription drugs.
We all know that trends come and go, but there are some we've been hardwired to avoid. While these fashion "don'ts" may sometimes stir up feelings of nostalgia, they're equally likely to resurface cringe-worthy memories from when we thought they were cool. We've addressed four of them that been reimagined in new, modern ways. Take the fanny pack, for instance. These days, they go by a new moniker—belt bags, and feature luxe finishings and sleek silhouettes. Take a look at how these former faux pas are making a comeback.
Denim Booty Shorts
Courtesy
Ditch the frayed edges and the exposed pockets and opt for a refined version with rolled cuffs and polished denim washes.
Shop the pieces (from top): Frame, $184; thecorner.com. Uniqlo, $30; uniqlo.com. Rag & Bone, $165; farfetch.com.
Visors
Courtesy
No longer exclusive to tennis players or poker champions, these hats can be worn for the day at the beach or any casual outdoor activity. Pick one with a transparent brim for a modern twist and maximum visibility.
Shop the pieces (from top): Missguided, $16; missguidedus.com. Missoni, $129; boutique1.com. Monreal London, $138; yoox.com.
Gold Anklets
Courtesy
Avoid heavily charmed chains and try a simple one with subtle details like a small diamond or a solid gold cuff.
Shop the pieces (from top): Jennifer Fisher, $200; barneys.com. Need Supply, $98; needsupply.com. Catbird, $230; catbirdnyc.com.
Fanny Packs
Courtesy
Newly updated (with a new name—belt bags—to match), these have been reshaped to emulate a miniature purse.
Shop the pieces (from top): Time's Arrow, $295; shopbop.com. Mango, $40; mango.com. Rebecca Minkoff, $195; bloomingdales.com.
RELATED: 13 Chic Fanny Packs That Even the Haters Will Love
What Women Love & Hate About Anal Sex
What She Loves - And Hates - About You Getting Behind Her
Page 1 of 2
Anal sex is one of the few remaining aspects of sex that many people consider risqué, perhaps even taboo.
However, that's beginning to change. Anal sex has gone mainstream with TV shows like The Mindy Project and Girls featuring anal play in primetime. “Many women who are considering anal sex for the first time have lots of questions. Most commonly, women have concerns that it will be painful, uncomfortable, and/or awkward. Nervous first-timers should start with plenty of foreplay, take things very slowly, and use lots of lubes. Above all else, couples should be sure to communicate openly about what feels good and what doesn't,” says Tristan Weedmark, We-Vibe's global passion ambassador.
Of course, as in any other type of sexual connection, mutual trust is key.
Once you can get past the hang-ups or the fears many of us have, anal sex can open new doors to pleasure. “Many women and men experience the most intense orgasms through the new experience of anal exploration. Kick it up a notch for her by adding clitoral stimulation, either manually or with a powerful mini-vibe,” says Weedmark.
But still, anal sex is one of those things women have very strong feelings about. Some love it, and some hate it… and for that reason, we got to the bottom of it (so to speak!) about how women really feel. Keep this in mind before broaching the back door in your own bedroom.
1. The Ick Aspect
Anal sex: It feels really good when you take a good poop, so one would imagine that's the draw for trying some anal, right? Not really, says one woman I surveyed. “I've suffered from hemorrhoids from a very young age, so I had to be very comfortable applying creams to my butthole and using suppositories. I absolutely CRINGE at the thought of how the suppository makes its way up your canal before your anus closes and swallows it whole. It gives me the heebie-jeebies — like nails on a chalkboard. So, while I really like the satisfying feeling you get when something comes out of the butt, there's just no way I can fathom a cock going in there,” says Alex, from Florida.
2. The Pain Factor
This seems to be the top reason as to why women say no to anal sex. “Let's face it” Guys that like being pegged enjoy it as it the dildo stimulates their prostate gland and that pleasure overrides most of the pain of entry,” says Coleen Singer of Sssh.com, a porn site for women and couples. “Women don't have that benefit and unless totally relaxed and very well lubricated. Personally, if I haven't had anal sex for a while, I'll pop in a medium size butt plug for an hour or so before taking the penis as it relaxes the sphincter and makes penetration much more pleasant,” says Singer.
3. Health Concerns
Sometimes women are turned off by the hygienic and health aspects of anything going on in the backdoor. “Many women express concern about this as an issue, but as long as you poop and then everything is cleaned out prior with an enema beforehand, there is very little chance of catching anything in there! I prefer natural enemas with no scent as these tend to irritate the rectum which can lead to a painful experience,” says Singer.
4. Why Bother?
“Another thing I have heard from many women is that from the anatomical point of view there simply can be no pleasure out of anal sex for women,” says Singer. Seriously. “ ‘There's nothing up there that can actually make it feel good.' Although this simply isn't true (there are actually more nerve bundles in the rectum than in the vaginal cavity), a great number of women rely on this as one of their reasons for not wanting to engage in anal sex.”
5. It's Too Big
Many women say that a man's penis is just WAY too big to go in that itty-bitty hole. “I find that using a combination of a pre-anal sex butt plug and lots and lots of lubes, this isn't the case though,” says Singer.
RELATED: Here's What You Need To Know To Buy Her A Sex Toy & Take Things Up A Notch
6. It's Just Not Her Cup Of Tea
Anal sex is just not something that is enjoyed by some women and, if not, this must be respected! Consent is extremely important when it comes to sex. Don't try to push she issues if she's really not into it.
Of course, it's not all bad. Check out the next page to look at the reasons women actually love anal.
It finally happened. The Spice Girls met up today—apparently for the first time in six years, The Telegraph reports—and every single one of them was present: Victoria Beckham, Melanie Brown, Melanie Chisholm, Geri Halliwell and Emma Bunton.
The group posed for an epic reunion photo at Halliwell's London home, which Victoria Beckham posted on Instagram. "Love my girls!!! So many kisses!!! X Exciting x #friendshipneverends," she wrote in the caption, with a subtle "Wannabe" reference.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Two of her fellow bandmates shared in the excitement and also posted the pic on their own accounts.
Halliwell said in her caption: "Lovely seeing the girls #girlpower is alive and well ❤️"
And Bunton wrote, "Great catch up with my girls! #bffs always ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ the future is looking spicy!"
The mini-reunion adds even more fuel to the rumors that the '90s girl group are joining forces again for something big. The Sun reports that the band has agreed to reunite for new projects for £10 million each (about $14 million), which explains today's meeting.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Though Beckham has long been opposed to participating in a Spice Girls reunion, she reportedly agreed this time under the condition that she won't have to sing. The band's former manager Simon Fuller is also said to be working with them again.
The group won't be doing any tours, but they're reportedly considering TV projects in China, a TV talent show, endorsement deals and the greatest hits compilation album, according to The Sun.
The Spice Girls last performed together in 2012, for the London Summer Olympics opening ceremony.
TEMPE, ARIZONA/SAN FRANCISCO - Uber was likely not at fault in self-driving car fatality, authorities said on Monday (March 19), though concerns have been raised over possible challenges faced by the promising technology.
The San Francisco Chronicle late Monday reported that Tempe Police Chief Sylvia Moir said that from viewing videos taken from the vehicle "it's very clear it would have been difficult to avoid this collision in any kind of mode (autonomous or human-driven) based on how she came from the shadows right into the roadway."
Moir told the Chronicle, "I suspect preliminarily it appears that the Uber would likely not be at fault in this accident," but she did not rule out that charges could be filed against the operator in the Uber vehicle, the paper reported.
An Uber self-driving car hit and killed a woman crossing the street in Arizona on Monday, marking the first fatality involving an autonomous vehicle and a potential blow to the technology expected to transform transportation.
The ride services company said it was suspending North American tests of its self-driving vehicles, which are currently going on in Arizona, Pittsburgh and Toronto.
So-called robot cars, when fully developed by companies including Uber, Alphabet Inc and General Motors Co , are expected to drastically cut down on motor vehicle fatalities and create billion-dollar businesses.
But Monday's accident underscored the possible challenges ahead for the promising technology as the cars confront real-world situations involving real people.
US lawmakers have been debating legislation that would speed introduction of self-driving cars.
"This tragic accident underscores why we need to be exceptionally cautious when testing and deploying autonomous vehicle technologies on public roads," said Democratic Senator Edward Markey, a member of the transportation committee, in a statement.
Elaine Herzberg, 49, was walking her bicycle outside the crosswalk on a four-lane road in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe about 10pm MST Sunday (0400 GMT Monday) when she was struck by the Uber vehicle travelling at about 65km per hour, police said.
The Volvo XC90 SUV was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel. Herzberg later died from her injuries in a hospital, police said.
"The pedestrian was outside of the crosswalk. As soon as she walked into the lane of traffic she was struck," Tempe Police Sergeant Ronald Elcock told reporters at a news conference. He said he did not yet know how close Herzberg was to the vehicle when she stepped into the lane.
Elcock said he believed Herzberg may have been homeless.
The "Tempe Police Department does not determine fault in vehicular collisions," the department said in a statement late Monday, in reply to questions from Reuters about the chief's comments.
"Ultimately the investigation will be submitted to the Maricopa County Attorney's Office for review and any potential charges."
Tempe authorities and federal officials are still investigating the incident. Canada's transportation ministry in Ontario, where Uber conducts testing, also said it was reviewing the accident.
Volvo, the Swedish car brand owned by China's Geely , said the software controlling the car in the crash was not its own.
Video footage will aid the ongoing investigation, and the case would be submitted to the district attorney, Elcock said.
"Our investigators have that information, and they will be using that in their investigation as well as the Maricopa County Attorney's Office as part of their investigation," said Elcock.
"They are going to attempt to try to find who was possibly at fault and how we can better be safe, whether it's pedestrians or whether it's the vehicle itself."
WILD WEST
Uber and Waymo on Friday urged Congress to pass sweeping legislation to speed the introduction of self-driving cars into the United States. Some congressional Democrats have blocked the legislation over safety concerns, and Monday's fatality could hamper passage of the bill, congressional aides said Monday.
Safety advocates called for a national moratorium on all robot car testing on public roads.
"Arizona has been the wild west of robot car testing with virtually no regulations in place," said Consumer Watchdog, a non-profit consumer advocacy group, in a statement. "That's why Uber and Waymo test there. When there's no sheriff in town, people get killed."
Arizona has opened its arms to companies testing self-driving vehicles as a means to economic growth and jobs.
Republican Governor Doug Ducey reached out to Uber in 2016 after California regulators cracked down on the company over its failure to obtain testing permits.
Self-driving cars being tested routinely get into fender-benders with other vehicles. Last week, a self-driving Uber crashed with another vehicle in Pittsburgh, local news reported. There were no injuries.
A year ago, Uber temporarily grounded its self-driving cars for a few days following a crash with another car in Tempe. The company has been the subject of a number of complaints about its autonomous vehicles, but the company has said the cars were being driven by a human driver at the time of the incidents.
ESSENTIAL TO UBER'S SUCCESS
Uber has said its ability to build autonomous cars is essential to its success in the rapidly changing transportation industry. The company envisions a network of autonomous cars that would be summoned through the Uber app that would supplement - and eventually replace - human-driven cars.
Uber has logged 2 million self-driving miles (3.2 million km) through December. The company has more than 100 autonomous cars testing on the roads of the greater Phoenix area, the company's prime testing ground due to the state's loose regulations and hospitable weather.
Rain, snow and ice are particularly challenging for autonomous cars. The company also tests in Pittsburgh and Toronto.
Concerns over the safety of autonomous vehicles flared after a July 2016 fatality involving a Tesla Inc automobile with a partially autonomous system that required human supervision. Safety regulators later determined Tesla was not at fault.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An error from Bristol Rovers goalkeeper Sam Slocombe allowed Wigan Athletic to come away from the Memorial Stadium with a 1-1 draw in a physical and entertaining encounter.
Already promoted Wigan had been given the run around by a buoyant Gas side for most of the match but a long range effort from substitute Ryan Colclough rescued a point for the Latics.
Rovers had held the lead for the best part of an hour thanks to a fine Liam Sercombe finish. In truth, the visitors were lucky to escape BS7 with a point from a match in which Rovers could easily have scored three of four times.
Manager Darrell Clarke spoke after the defeat to Rotherham at the weekend about the need to be more clinical in front of goal, and that was certainly true once again for his Rovers side.
The first half was shaping up to be a soporific affair amid the gloom and drizzle, but was brought to life by a slice of luck and a calm finish from Rovers' signing of the season.
The Gas moved quickly on the counter attack in the 28th minute and some nice link up play between Kyle Bennett and Ellis Harrison led to a mistake and a deflection off Wigan right-back Nathan Byrne. The ball moved into the path of Liam Sercombe who found himself in acres of space.
The midfielder remained poised to shift the ball onto his right foot and lashed the ball beyond Christian Walton in the Latics net. It was a surprising lead but not altogether undeserved.
In the following 10 minutes Rovers reinforced their superiority as they once again broke at speed to find an overload inside the visitors third.
This time the ball was sprayed out to Harrison on the left side of the box and he may well have doubled Rovers' lead if it wasn't for a dramatic late tackle from Byrne, going someway to atoning for his earlier error.
Rovers kept coming though and could easily have gone into the break three goals to the good. First, Bennett saw his curling effort crash into post having beaten the diving Walton. Before the Wigan goalkeeper pulled off a remarkable double save to keep the Gas at bay.
A Chris Lines free kick drifted in from the right and James Vaughan headed it clear but only as far Bennett. The attacker then fired a rasping effort towards goal, which Walton palmed clear. The Latics shot stopper was then back on his feet in rapid time to save from Byron Moore's follow-up shot.
At the other end, the Latics' best chances both came before Rovers took the lead and both came in the air.
Byrne's cross on the right was headed over by Vaughan from close range before defender Chey Dunkley headed the ball into the ground and over the crossbar from a Gary Roberts corner.
After the break, in rapidly deteriorating conditions, Rovers continued to turn on the style. Half time substitute Tom Nichols found some space on the right before playing the ball to Harrison. The striker, with his back to goal, played a deft backheel into the path of Sercombe.
The Rovers goalscorer tried to round the final Wigan defender Dan Burn when he may have been better off going for goal, and the ball eventually went out for a goal kick.
Rovers kept coming though and Moore was to get the next decent chance for the Gas. Lines played him in on the right and he cut back onto his left foot before seeing his shot ripple the sidenetting but not trouble Walton.
Wigan's next chance to equalise fell to Dunkley as he bundled home from close range only to see the linesman raise his flag for offside.
But the visitors didn't have to wait too long to celebrate for real as the Rovers defence stood off Ryan Colclough following a throw-in. The substitute tried his luck from range and struck a shot low to Slocombe's right, which bounced and snuck under the body of the diving Rovers goalkeeper.
Rovers could have won it late on as Lines squared a free-kick to Lee Brown. The left-back caught his shot sweetly and had Walton beaten but his effort thundered into the post.
It's now five matches without a win for Rovers, but there have at least been three spirited home draws against top six sides in that period.
They now turn their attention to the final home game of the season on Saturday as Gillingham visit the Mem.
Bristol Rovers: Slocombe; Brown, Craig, Lockyer, J Clarke, Lines, O Clarke (Nichols 45), Sercombe, Bennett, Moore, Harrison
Subs not used: Smith, Broadbent Bola, Mensah, Gaffney, Telford
Wigan Athletic: Walton; Byrne, Dunkley, Burn, Elder, Power, Morsy, Massey (Colclough 66), Roberts (Cole 77), Jacobs, Vaughan (Grigg 66)
Subs not used: Jones, Perkins, Walker, Bruce
Scorers: Sercombe 28, Colclough 80
Referee: Stephen Martin
Attendance: 8,414 (440 away)
NIZHNY NOVGOROD, Russia — France picked up two trophies in 1998: One, of course, was the country's only World Cup title, won on home soil. It was also the birth year of Kylian Mbappe, the 19-year-old who's emerging as one of the biggest stars of the World Cup.
"Well, that was a good year for him to be born, even if he didn't see much of the 1998 World Cup," joked French coach Didier Deschamps, who was the captain in '98. "I'm very happy that Mbappe is a French citizen."
It will be France's searing speed led by Mbappe and Antoine Griezmann against Uruguay's defence anchored by Diego Godin on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod in the World Cup quarter-finals. The winner will face Brazil or Belgium.
Uruguay has given up only one goal in four World Cup matches, and France has scored seven — most in the 4-3 victory over Argentina in the Round of 16.
In scoring twice against Argentina, Mbappe became the first teenager with multiple goals in a World Cup knockout game since a 17-year-old Pele did it twice (including a hat trick against France) in 1958.
It's a big stage with inevitable comparisons that Mbappe smiled about and then batted away.
"It's flattering to be the second one since Pele," said Mbappe, born in France to a father from Cameroon and a mother from Algeria. "But let's put things in perspective. Pele's another category."
This is France's seventh quarter-final and its fourth in the last six World Cups dating back to 1998 and the famous side led by Deschamps, Patrick Vieira, Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry — the so-called "Rainbow Team" from a multicultural France.
"In a World Cup you have the top-level players," said Mbappe, who plays for Paris Saint-Germain. "So it's an opportunity to show what you can do and what your abilities are. There is no better place than a World Cup."
After three lacklustre games in group play, France was electric in its most recent match, particularly in the second half when it cut up Argentina's plodding defence. Five of France's starters in the first group match had never played in the World Cup, including Mbappe.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This Morning contributor Alice Beer came on This Morning to give Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield the best buys for a royal baby, in honour of his arrival.
The group talked about all of the adorable baby items on display, which included everything from nappy bags to baby grows, blankets to prams.
The pram first started the broodiness in the female hosts, with Alice declaring that it made her "ovaries ping" as she texted out how it worked, imagining pushing a baby along the street.
(Image: ITV)
Later they moved over to a nappy bag, which they peered at and considered closely, even to the point where they sniffed it in case it had remnants of baby smell attached.
The next item really got Alice feeling the yearning of motherhood, as she lifted up a gro-bag, which is an alternative to swaddling.
The two women cooed as Alice held up the gro-bag, and they both thought back to the birth of their children.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Alice said: "Oh this makes me feel so broody.
"Can you tell I'm a little broody? But my time has passed!"
Holly joined in, saying: "Oh I know, it's awful."
(Image: ITV)
The mood became a little more fun when Alice turned to an egg-shaped night light, joking that they were "talking of eggs."
The final moment which made them broody was whilst looking at small baby dressing gowns, much like the one which Prince George wore when meeting US president Barack Obama.
This Morning airs from 10.30am weekdays on ITV.
NEW ORLEANS (AP) - Jurors heard opening statements Monday in the trial of a man charged with first-degree murder in the 2015 shooting death of a New Orleans police officer.
Boys has pleaded not guilty and not guilty by reason of insanity in the death of Officer Daryle Holloway.
New Orleans news outlets report that defense attorney Billy Sothern told jurors Boys is mentally ill and has a history of mental illness.
Sothern said the defense would not dispute many facts the state will present throughout Boys' trial. He told the jury it will be up to them to determine not what happened, but why it happened.
In her opening, Assistant District Attorney Inga Petrovich said the evidence will make clear that the only just verdict is guilty as charged.
Holloway was shot to death while transporting Boys to jail in a police SUV. Police have said they believe Boys smuggled a gun into the vehicle.
Boys was declared competent to stand trial in November after state District Judge Karen Herman heard from two medical experts and said that Boys was trying to stall proceedings.
He had been scheduled for trial in October but brought an abrupt end to jury selection by smuggling feces into the courtroom and rubbing the excrement on his head and face.
The trial is expected to last a week. Jurors are expected to see video from Holloway's body camera, which captured his last moments.
Hollow claims cannot stop terrorist attacks
In a skewed logic Rana Sanaullah has held the protesting chemists and druggists responsible for the tragic incident on Monday. As he put it, had there been no protest, the incident would not have occurred. The constitution allows aggrieved citizens to protest within the parameters of law while it is the government's duty to provide security to the protesters. The government was forewarned about a possible attack in the vicinity of the Punjab Assembly. As the government failed to stop the attack despite the 8,000 CCTV cameras, the Integrated Command and Control Centre and a Dolphin Force, this only exposes the myth of the Safe City Project, indicating that something is seriously wrong with the security system in Lahore.
The Lahore traders have frequently called upon the government not to allow the protesters to converge on the Mall. Three months back Lahore High Court reprimanded high ranking government officials for allowing the protesters to block traffic for hours on the Mall thus disturbing the entire city traffic. The court called for a report from the Chief Minister also. Instead of carrying out the orders the government went into appeal and a division bench issued restraining orders against the decision till the next hearing which has yet to take place. There is a perception that the government has itself set up a bad tradition of accepting demands under pressure only rather than on the basis of their rationality. The pharmacists had the examples the successful protests of the organisations of the Young Doctors, LHVs, famers, and visually impaired persons. The government threatens the protesters, and if they refuse to be cowed down the government surrenders.
The administration could have stopped the pharmacists from converging on the Mall had it taken the warning by NACTA seriously. Hoping that the owners of the drugs outlets would fail to gather a large crowd and would feel disheartened and disperse, the government let them gather till the crowd became unmanageable. This provided an opportunity the terrorist network had been looking for.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
O'FALLON, Ill. – O'Fallon police have said very little about the deaths of two women found in a home on Carol Ann Drive.
Police initially called the deaths suspicious, but now say this is a tragic loss of life and that the women's deaths are not homicides.
Linda Lyons, 62, and her 33-year-old daughter, Victoria, were found dead in their home on Carol Ann Drive off of Green Mount Road around 10 a.m. Monday morning.
Police were called to check on their well-being.
Authorities confirmed Lynda Lyons took care of Victoria, who had suffered a traumatic brain injury in a car crash. Neighbors said they hadn't seen the pair for about a month. Fox 2/KPLR11 confirmed the women have likely been dead for several weeks. Police said autopsies showed no evidence of trauma or foul play.
Toxicology and pathology results may shed more light on the exact causes of death, but it may be months before the results are available.
OTTAWA — The Supreme Court of Canada says records detailing the abuse of former residential school students can eventually be destroyed.
The unanimous high court ruling Friday brings clarity to an issue that pitted the privacy of victims against the importance of documenting a dark chapter in Canada's relations with Indigenous Peoples.
Students provided accounts of physical, sexual and emotional abuse as part of an independent assessment process to provide compensation — a program that flowed from a major 2006 settlement agreement.
The Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling that said the sensitive material should be destroyed after 15 years, though individuals could agree to have their stories preserved at the National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation in Winnipeg.
In its reasons for the decision, the high court said the negotiators of the settlement agreement intended the assessment process to be a "confidential and private" one, and that claimants and alleged perpetrators relied on these confidentiality assurances.
The Assembly of First Nations had told the Supreme Court that overturning the Ontario Court of Appeal's decision would allow another breach of trust on the very same vulnerable people who were abused at residential schools as young children.
For over a century, tens of thousands of Indigenous children were required to attend residential schools, primarily run by religious institutions and funded by the federal government. Students were not allowed to use their languages or cultural practices.
The federal government unsuccessfully argued the documentary record must be fully preserved to ensure what happened is never forgotten.
It said federal laws governing access to information, privacy and archives provide the proper balance for safeguarding the records of historical value while protecting individual privacy and confidentiality.
— Follow @JimBronskill on Twitter
To avoid false implication of an innocent, a preliminary enquiry may be conducted by the deputy superintendent concerned to find out whether the allegations make out a case under the Act. Photo: HT
New Delhi: A government official cannot be automatically arrested under the provisions of the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989, the Supreme Court said on Tuesday.
A bench comprising justices U.U. Lalit and A.K. Goel held that a public servant could be arrested only after approval of the appointing authority and of a non-public servant after approval by the Senior Superintendent of Police, if considered necessary for reasons recorded.
To avoid false implication of an innocent, a preliminary enquiry may be conducted by the deputy superintendent concerned to find out whether the allegations make out a case under the Act and that the allegations are not frivolous or motivated.
The court was hearing an appeal filed one by Subhash Kashinath Mahajan against a Bombay high court ruling refusing to quash the FIR lodged against him for offences alleged under the Act.
The court further observed, “If the allegation is to be acted upon, the proceedings can result in arrest or prosecution of the person and have serious consequences on his right to liberty even on a false complaint which may not be intended by law meant for protection of a bonafide victim.”
Our last NBA Mock Draft was after the lottery on May 16th. Before that, we had one at the end of the NBA regular season. Prior to that, we did one before the NCAA Tournament. You'll recognize many of the names below from the 50 Best Players in College Basketball list. Last June, we took a way-too-early look at the 2017 NBA lottery.
1. Boston – Markelle Fultz, PG, Washington. If they keep it, and I don't think they will, they'll take the franchise point guard.
2. LA Lakers – Lonzo Ball, PG, Lakers. Don't fall for all the smokescreens. Josh Jackson is a great player, I think he's got #1 talent, but right now, I don't see the Lakers passing on Lonzo.
3. Philadelphia – Josh Jackson, SF, Kansas. Nobody's surging at the top of the draft like Jackson. His length, along with Ben Simmons on the perimeter and Joel Embiid inside, will be terrifying in about two years.
4. Phoenix – Jonathan Isaac, F, Florida State. Rapidly rising, despite having no position and still being raw, the 6-foot-10 Isaac shot 34 percent on 3-pointers at FSU. Between Isaac and 19-year old Marquese Chriss up front, the Suns will be versatile and very fun to watch.
5. Sacramento – De'Aaron Fox, PG, Kentucky. The Kings desperately need a point guard, and if the 76ers can give the hard sell that they want Fox at #3, it'll be fascinating to see what the Kings are willing to give up to get their guy.
6. Orlando – Jayson Tatum, SF, Duke. Bullish on his pro prospects, think he'll be better sooner than Jackson, and I believe their ceilings are about equal.
7. Minnesota – Malik Monk, SG, Kentucky. The Timberwolves were 30th in the NBA in 3-point field goals made per game, and also last in attempts per game. Monk will change that.
8. New York – Dennis Smith, PG, NC State. I've got him as the 4th best point guard in the draft, and the Knicks haven't had a good one in years.
9. Dallas – Lauri Markkanen, PF, Arizona. You already know how bullish I am on him.
10. Sacramento – Luke Kennard, SG, Duke. It's a coin flip as to whether or not he's the best shooter in the draft. Is it crazy to call his ceiling … Allan Houston?
11. Charlotte – Zach Collins, C, Gonzaga. Wide range of opinions on Collins, from “he should have stayed in school!” to “Top 7!” I think he can be better than Cody Zeller at both ends.
12. Detroit – Frank Ntilikina, PG. Reggie Jackson's going to be their point guard for the next three years, but if the Pistons stash Ntilikina overseas for a year, then have him learn the ropes, he could be the starter by 23. Or, they could start him in the D-league, like Atlanta did with Dennis Schröder.
13. Denver – OG Anunoby, F, Indiana. If the Nuggets move Wilson Chandler this summer, Anunoby is the ideal replacement – an athletic wing who can play defense. Down the road, hopefully he can make 3-pointers.
14. Miami – Donovan Mitchell, SG, Louisville. Buzzy name in the draft because of his athleticism. Pat Riley's cooking something in South Beach. Josh Richardson, Justise Winslow and Mitchell would be an athletic, fast trio.
15. Portland – Justin Jackson, SF, UNC. Every contender in the West should be looking at wings to match the firepower of Klay/Iguodala/Durant. Impossible to achieve, but upgrading the wings are a priority.
16. Chicago – Harry Giles, C, Duke. If you watched the Blue Devils this year, you didn't see the full potential Giles. In high school, at times, Jay Bilas thought Giles looked like a young Chris Webber.
17. Milwaukee – Jarrett Allen, C, Texas. The Greg Monroe experiment is going to end sooner than later. John Henson is serviceable, but Allen, who just turned 19, could be their future center.
18. Indiana – TJ Leaf, F, UCLA. The Kevin Love-for-Paul George talk is fun, but not all that realistic. Leaf could play the 4 with Myles Turner at the 5. Athletic, can space the floor … not bad.
19. Atlanta – John Collins, PF, Wake Forest. With Dwight Howard saying stupid things, and Paul Millsap opting out … start that front court rebuild.
20. Portland – Rodions Kurucs, SF, Spain. Blazers have such a full roster, they've got to stash at least one pick.
21. Oklahoma City – Terrance Ferguson, SG, Australia. Hey Oladipo and Roberson – shoot 3-pointers at a higher clip.
22. Brooklyn – Ike Anigbogu, C, UCLA. Brook Lopez shot 31 three-pointers in his first eight season; 387 last year. The Nets are going nowhere, I'd try Lopez at some PF next year and Anigbogu at C because … why not?
23. Toronto – Frank Jackson, PG, Duke. If Kyle Lowry leaves, you've got Cory Joseph for probably two more years. Could Jackson take the baton after that?
24. Utah – Tyler Lydon, SF, Syracuse. Future insurance in case Gordon Hayward bails?
25. Orlando – Bam Adebayo, C, Kentucky. When they're done with Vucevic and Biyombo flames out, Bam will get his shot. It might be 2019, but …
26. Portland – Dwayne Bacon, SG, Florida State. Keep swinging on SG/SFs until you hit one.
27. Brooklyn – Semi Ojeleye, F, SMU. I'm a little more bullish on Ojeleye as a pro than many. Tough kid. Smart player. Phenomenal athlete.
28. LA Lakers – Jordan Bell, PF, Oregon. Because I think the Lakers could trade Julius Randle in a package for Paul George.
29. San Antonio – Jawun Evans, PG, Oklahoma State. The new Patty Mills?
30. Utah – Justin Patton, C, Creighton. Turns 20 in June. Learns for a few years behind Rudy Gobert, becomes a trade chip, or the future.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You are what you eat, so snack your way to more youthful, healthier skin with this guide…
1. Celery - To prevent dry skin
(Image: Getty Images)
It's a classic diet food, but your skin will thank you for eating it too.
‘A few sticks will give you a big hit of vitamins, including A, C and K, as well as potassium,' says Helen Bond, dietitian on behalf of The Harley Medical Group.
Since potassium balances the bad effects of salt, it can help regulate fluid levels and keep dry skin at bay. And the better hydrated your skin is, the less apparent fine lines around your eyes and lips will be.
2. Walnuts - To get softer skin
(Image: Getty Images)
These wrinkly little wonders are the only type of tree nut to contain high levels of essential omega-3, which helps skin maintain a healthy oil production.
‘Almonds have become the trendy nut to eat, but walnuts are richer in the fats that your skin needs to stay soft, hydrated and plump,' says Helen.
If you're vegetarian, then make sure to snack on these as an alternative to oily fish.
3. Turmeric - To stop sun damage
(Image: Getty)
This brightly coloured root contains curcuminoids – strong antioxidants. These can help prevent the dark spots and hyperpigmentation caused by too much sun. Pick up a jar of turmeric powder from your local shop and sprinkle it into your smoothie, scrambled eggs, or add it to curries.
4. Porridge oats - To protect collagen
(Image: Getty)
Ditch the sugary cereals in favour of a skin-loving breakfast like porridge.
‘Oats are low on the glycemic index, which means they'll give you a slow and steady increase in blood sugar, instead of a big spike,' says Helen.
These spikes can lead to inflammation in the body, which has been shown to break down collagen. This means that, over time, skin can lose its elasticity and become more wrinkly.
5. Coconut oil - To reduce wrinkles
(Image: Getty)
There isn't a lot of coconut oil can't do, which is why we're all rushing to grab a tub. For ageing skin, it can be particularly handy as it contains vitamin E.
‘It helps to fight the damage of free radicals,' Helen adds. ‘When applied to skin, it can help to stop wrinkles appearing.'
Use a thin layer as a moisturiser at night for glowing skin the next day. Or you can use it in your cooking instead of olive or vegetable oil.
The anti-ageing colour chart
These fruits and vegetables are easy to add to your weekly shop, and they'll help you in your fight against ageing…
Tomatoes
(Image: Moment RF)
They have the ingredient lycopene, which helps protect skin from sun damage.
Sweet potato
(Image: Getty)
The beta-carotene (strong red-orange pigment) in these turns into vitamin A, which helps smooth skin.
Lemons
(Image: Image Source)
The vitamin C in citrus fruit produces collagen to help fight wrinkles.
Kale
(Image: Flickr RF)
Rich in vitamin K, kale can help reduce the appearance of dark circles under your eyes.
Blueberries
(Image: E+)
Packed with antioxidants to fight wrinkle-producing free radicals. Frozen is just as good.
For more information on The Harley Medical Group, see Harleymedical.co.uk
Sentinel-3B on launch pad
Into the tower
The next Sentinel satellite for Europe's environmental monitoring Copernicus programme is poised for liftoff from the Plesetsk cosmodrome in northern Russia.
The Sentinel-3B satellite has been at the cosmodrome since mid-March being readied for its ride into space on 25 April at 17:57 GMT (19:57 CEST).
After being sealed from view in the rocket fairing last week, it was rolled out to the launch pad and hoisted into the launch tower at the weekend.
Bruno Berruti, ESA's Sentinel-3 project manager, said, “This is a real milestone, and an emotional one at that.
“We all bid farewell to ‘our baby' as it was encapsulated in the Rockot fairing and we are all proud to see that it is now ready and waiting in the launch tower for the big day.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The average worker will earn more than £1.1 million in wages during their life, a study has found.
Researchers who studied the earnings of 2,000 people revealed they will typically bank £1,123,164 in pay over an average 48-year working career.
According to the study, the average worker earns £23,399.25 a year.
Workers in London currently bring in the highest annual salary, an average of £31,217.62, while those living in South West earn the least each year, pocketing £18,428.13.
Greg Tatton-Brown from online casino Casumo.com , which commissioned the study, and paid out five multi-million jackpots wins over the course of 2017, said: “For most workers in the UK, millionaire status is just about in reach, at least as far as income is concerned.
“When we are working, grafting for our wages on a monthly basis, it's rare we take a step back to look at the big picture.”
(Image: Getty)
According to the study, the average male worker currently earns £27,435.55 per year, for a total of £1,316,906.40 over their career.
But the data shows the typical female employee earns much less - £19,419.07 - or a lifetime total of £932,115.36.
As for expectations for the upper limit of their wage, men think they could earn as much as £34,000 per year on their current career path, while women consider £24,000 an achievable wage.
But only one in five workers think they will ever earn the highest wage possible for their profession.
Three in five Brits believe their financial situation allows them to live comfortably, but 31 per cent feel they are currently living from month to month on what they earn.
The study also explored other sources of income which could help to bolster this figure over the lifetime of the typical working Brits.
(Image: Getty)
The average working Brit will get their first job at age 17 and will earn an average of £233.01 a month for their efforts, or £2,796.12 per year.
This is a dramatic increase from the pocket money which came their way before their entered working life, totalling an average of £151.44 for each year of their childhood.
The average financial bonus received at work over the year as either extra payment or tips totals £306.75, though three in five get nothing on top of their contracted salary.
Those whose parents are still alive they can expect annual financial assistance to the tune of £547.26 on average to boost their income.
One in two Brits have received an inheritance pay-out from a relative or friend in the past, totalling 13,321 on average.
And 48 per cent think they have more inheritance waiting in their name, for an estimated value of 28,360.64.
(Image: Getty)
If all else fails, the average working Brit believes the points they have accumulated on their loyalty cards in the last year are worth just over £37.
And almost two thirds have tried their luck on a scratch card in the past to bring in some extra bunce, and currently tot their total winnings up to £181.
Greg Tatton-Brown added: “It's something of a relief to see the majority of workers believe their wage allows them to live comfortably.
“This research has detailed the journey we take from humble beginnings at our first job to the peak of our earning powers, and it has been reassuring to find that, somewhere in between, workers are able to fund the lives they want.”
Average salary earnings per year by region
© FDNY / Twitter
One suspect is in custody following an explosion at Port Authority bus terminal in Midtown Manhattan.Periscope TV news shared a livestream showing the aftermath of the explosion in Manhattan.The blast reportedly took place at 42nd street and eighth avenue.Three subway lines are being evacuated as a result of the incident.The suspect, who is understood to be in his 20s, sustained non-life threatening injuries during the explosion, the NYPD has said. No-one else suffered any injuries. The man was reportedly also in possession of a second device, which did not detonate.The New York Fire Department said it was responding to an incident at the Port Authority bus terminal in Midtown Manhattan, according to Reuters.A video posted on Twitter by Pete Sayek shows numerous fire engines at the scene. Sayek said he nearly got trampled in a rush during the incident.Instagram user Joseph Zagami describes what he saw on his commute to work.The White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders confirmed that US President Donald Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
LONDON (AP) — London police say the death toll in a major apartment building fire has increased to 17 people and is likely to rise even further.
Police Commander Stuart Cundy says there is no suggestion the blaze was terror-related. Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton says specialist dogs would start searching the 24-story building.
The fire gutted the Grenfell Tower apartment building in the North Kensington neighborhood early Wednesday morning. Police say the blaze was so extreme, one like it has not been seen ‘in years'. The tower houses more than 120 apartments and between 400 and 600 people.
Police say a large number of the residents remain unaccounted for and it is unclear how many were home when the fire started.
Meanwhile, 44 households were given emergency accommodation after the blaze. The local council says families with young children, elderly residents and the vulnerable were given “immediate priority.”
Country leaders are showing their respects to victims and first responders as the investigation continues.
British Prime Minister Theresa May has visited the site of the high-rise fire to tour the devastation.
May didn't speak with journalists during the visit. On Wednesday, she promised a “proper investigation” into the cause of the blaze.
Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip have also paid tribute to London firefighters whose bravery prevented a greater loss of life.
The monarch and the Duke of Edinburgh also hail volunteers offering support to dozens of victims from the devastating blaze.
The queen says “Prince Philip and I would like to pay tribute to the bravery of firefighters and other emergency services officers who put their own lives at risk to save others.”
NEW YORK — Washington forward T.J. Oshie has been fined $5,000 for cross-checking Pittsburgh defenceman Kris Letang in the neck.
The NHL announced the fine Saturday.
The scuffle along the boards occurred at 19:40 of the second period in the Penguins' 7-4 win Friday night. Oshie was assessed a minor penalty.
By The Associated Press
Health Department says call your GP or child health clinic to make an appointment
Health Department says call your GP or child health clinic to make an appointment
Two weeks ago there was no funding for a vaccine that protects against four strains of meningococcal disease — but by yesterday there were pledges from both sides of politics.
Federal Health Minister Greg Hunt announced the vaccine Nimenrix would be added to the National Immunisation Program by July, to protect children against the A, C, W and Y strains.
Currently, babies can get a free meningococcal C vaccine but parents have to pay for the ACWY and B strain vaccines.
Mr Hunt took a swipe at the State Government, which last week promised to fund a quad-strain vaccine for young children because it said Canberra was dragging its feet.
Ian and Robbie Buchan, who lost some of his limbs battling meningococcal. Picture: The West Australian
“It was well understood that it was due before the Pharmaceutical Benefits Advisory Committee this week, and I think WA made the announcement knowing that, in the end, they wouldn't have to pay,” he said.
But WA Health Minister Roger Cook said the State's $5.7 million vaccine program would still run this year, particularly as the Federal program had no catch-up vaccinations.
“The PBAC holding a closed, out-of-session meeting after we made our announcement just shows we had to force their hand to speed up the process,” he said.
At the Meningitis Centre Australia in Perth, the parents of three-year-old Robbie Buchan, who lost most of his limbs to meningococcal B disease, were celebrating.
But Iain Buchan and Desiree Scofield said they were still fighting for a free B vaccine for children.
A file photo of Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint
Mumbai: Reliance Marcellus II LLC, a subsidiary of Reliance Holding USA Inc. and Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), said on Friday that it had signed agreements to sell all of its interest in upstream Marcellus shale assets in north-eastern and central Pennsylvania for $126 million.
The assets are currently operated by Carrizo Oil and Gas, Inc. and are being sold to BKV Chelsea LLC, an affiliate of Kalnin Ventures LLC.
“Additionally, Reliance could receive contingent payments of up to $11.25 million in aggregate based on natural gas prices exceeding certain thresholds over the next three years,” the company said.
The Carrizo-operated acreage was one of the three upstream assets in the US in which Reliance had a stake. The assets produce mainly gas and are located in Susquehanna, Wyoming and Clearfield counties of Pennsylvania.
In 2010, RIL had bought a 60% stake in the assets for $392 million.
Walter Van de Vijver, president and CEO of Reliance Holding USA said: “This transaction represents an opportunistic sale of developed upstream Marcellus assets and ends a successful partnership of 7 years with Carrizo in a joint sale. We will continue to actively manage the remainder of our US shale resources.”
A drop in crude oil prices has hit the valuations of oil and gas assets. Shale gas blocks have suffered far more than traditional oil and gas blocks as they are economically viable only when prices are above a certain threshold.
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. acted as the financial advisor to Reliance and Haynes and Boone LLP served as its legal counsel.
Reliance had in June 2015 sold its Eagle Ford (EFS) Midstream joint venture with Pioneer Natural Resources in the US. RIL had spent $46 million in acquiring the 49.9% stake in EFS and invested another $208 million over the years. RIL realized $1 billion from the sale of EFS Midstream.
In June 2010, RIL had invested in the US shale gas business, where it bought a 45% stake in the Eagle Ford shale gas fields, owned by Pioneer, for $1.3 billion. As part of the deal, RIL received a 49.9% stake in the venture.
On Friday, RIL shares closed at Rs836.85, up 1.53%, on BSE, while the benchmark Sensex ended almost flat at 31,814.22 points.
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint
Mumbai: Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis has given a temporary reprieve to ministers Prakash Mehta and Subhash Desai who are facing corruption charges.
Both offered to quit over the weekend but Fadnavis rejected their resignations, according to an official in the chief minister's office who did not want to be identified.
A better part of the recent three-week-long monsoon session of the state legislature was taken by a confrontation between the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-Shiv Sena government and opposition parties the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) over charges of administrative irregularities against Mehta and Desai.
Mehta, who holds the housing portfolio, is from the BJP and industry minister Desai is a Shiv Sena veteran. The BJP minister is in trouble after sanctioning a couple of Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) projects which, if implemented, would have led to a windfall gain of over Rs500 crore to a builder, according to remarks noted on the file by a senior housing department bureaucrat. Mehta himself wrote on the file that he had “apprised the chief minister of the proposal” and asked the SRA to go ahead. But after the opposition raised this in the assembly and sought to know if Fadnavis was in the know, Mehta told the house that he hadn't actually told the chief minister. Fadnavis has ordered a probe by Lokayukta into the charges against Mehta. “This is a very shrewd position taken by Fadnavis because the chief minister is beyond the jurisdiction of the Lokayukta,” admitted a BJP leader who did not want to be named.
In the legislature, the Congress and NCP had demanded a judicial probe by a sitting judge under the Commission of Inquiry Act that would also have had the powers to call the chief minister for questioning.
Shiv Sena minister Subhash Desai has been accused of denotifying nearly 30,000 acres of industrial land that was acquired by the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC). The opposition alleges that this was done to extend benefit to some companies and builders who wanted the land de-notified. Desai has refuted the charges saying most of this land was de-notified during the previous Congress-NCP rule. Fadnavis has ordered an inquiry by an “independent agency” into the charges against Desai but is yet to name the agency.
Both Mehta and Desai met Fadnavis on Saturday and offered to resign, according to the official mentioned earlier. “The chief minister told them that they did not need to resign because probe has already been ordered,” the official said.
Senior Congress leader and former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has alleged that Fadnavis is not taking stringent action against Mehta because “there are specific instructions from the BJP higher-ups in Delhi”. Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray has defended Desai saying that if a minister is forced to resign because of unsubstantiated charges against him, it would set a bad precedent.
Sworn To Secrecy: Trump's History Of Using Nondisclosure Agreements
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images
President Trump may have brought one of his favorite tools for dealing with staff in the business world with him into the White House: confidentiality agreements.
As a businessman, Trump routinely required employees to sign agreements promising not to reveal secrets of the Trump Organization. He did the same during his presidential campaign and the post-election transition period. And according to the Washington Post, Trump has imposed the same confidentiality requirements on some senior members of the White House staff.
The administration took issue with the Post's story, which cited a draft version of a nondisclosure agreement that included a $10 million penalty for violators.
That potential fine, at least, isn't correct, the White House said.
"While nondisclosure agreements are commonplace and common practice for previous administrations, I can say the report that staff were required or asked to sign $10 million nondisclosure agreements is not true," White House spokesman Hogan Gidley told reporters traveling on Air Force One. "But past that, I can't get into security and obviously I can't get into that any further. "
Gidley added that he had not personally been asked to sign an agreement.
"I've never seen one. I've never been asked to sign one. And I have never signed one," he said.
Although nondisclosure agreements may be routinely used in the business world, critics say they have no place in the West Wing, where employees don't work for shareholders, but for the people of the United States.
"Public employees can't be gagged by private agreements," Ben Wizner of the ACLU's Speech, Privacy, and Technology Project said in a statement. "These so-called NDAs are unconstitutional and unenforceable."
Trump has a long history of using nondisclosure agreements to protect secrets and discourage disparaging comments.
In 2013, he successfully sued a Miss Universe contestant for $5 million after she complained publicly that the beauty pageant was rigged. Two decades earlier, Trump sued his ex-wife Ivana for allegedly violating the confidentiality agreement surrounding their divorce. That case was ultimately settled.
Stephanie Clifford, an adult film actress who performs under the name Stormy Daniels, collected $130,000 in 2016 in exchange for her silence concerning an affair she allegedly had with Trump. Clifford's attorney has argued the agreement is nonbinding, but Trump's lawyer disagrees. Attorney Michael Cohen has argued that Clifford could need to pay at least $20 million in damages if she violates the agreement.
As he campaigned for president, Trump said he imagined requiring White House staffers to pledge their secrecy.
"When people are chosen by a man to go into government at high levels, and then they leave government and they write a book about a man and say a lot of things that were really guarded and personal — I don't like that," Trump told the Washington Post in 2016.
Reporter Bob Woodward asked Trump if he thought such agreements were "airtight."
"I think they're extremely airtight," Trump said. "Let's put it this way: it's so airtight that I've never had ... you know, I've never had a problem with this sort of thing."
Woodward suggested it might be different in Washington.
"The taxpayers are paying the other people in the federal government," he said.
Federal employees and contractors who work with classified information are routinely asked to sign nondisclosure agreements. There's even a standardized government form for it: Form 312.
But they're not always effective. A former Navy SEAL who took part in the raid that killed Osama bin Laden published a best-selling book about the operation. Threats of legal action by the Department of Defense only boosted readers' interest.
Courts have sometimes refused to enforce nondisclosure agreements, especially in cases where the information sheds light on corporate behavior that might pose a threat to public health or safety.
"The idea was, this isn't something that a company should be able to — by contract — hide from the general public," said law professor Jodi Short of the University of California's Hastings College of the Law.
She added that nondisclosure agreements are generally governed by state law, so the rules can vary. But general principles of contract law dictate that employees can't be coerced into signing. And they must receive something of value in return for their silence, like the $130,000 paid to Clifford.
A judge might be unwilling to nullify a nondisclosure agreement simply to satisfy public curiosity, Short said, if no broader health or safety issue were involved. But the power of such agreements to compel silence is limited.
"You don't get put in jail for breaking a contract," Short said. "All you have to do is pay damages. If you have enough money to pay damages, then nobody can stop you."
NEW ORLEANS — Roddy Peters scored 27 points to lead Nicholls to an 81-64 win over New Orleans on Saturday and into a first place tie atop the Southland Conference.
Kimani Jackson added 15 points and eight rebounds, Jahvaughn Powell had 14 points and Tevon Saddler scored 12 for Nicholls, which shot 53 per cent. Peters was 10 for 19 from the field, dished out six assists and had three steals.
Nicholls (14-9, 8-2) dominated inside during the first half, outscoring New Orleans 20-10 in the paint to take a 35-23 advantage into the break. The Colonels opened the second half with a 20-9 run that included 3-pointers from Peters, Sadler and Powell to snap New Orleans' four-game win streak.
New Orleans (12-11, 9-3) got 22 points from Bryson Robinson and Travin Thibodeaux had 20. The loss knocked the Privateers out of sole possession of first place.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Savannah St.-Wisconsin Box
WISCONSIN 82, SAVANNAH ST. 24
SAVANNAH ST. (2-5)
Vance 0-1 0-0 0, Sowell 2-7 0-0 4, Allen 1-17 1-2 3, Anderson 0-2 0-0 0, Scott 0-12 5-6 5, Gray 0-2 0-0 0, Gallishaw 0-1 0-0 0, Bartlett 0-2 1-2 1, Farmer 1-5 0-0 3, Moton 2-5 1-2 6, Russell 1-3 0-0 2, Totals 7-57 8-12 24.
WISCONSIN (7-5)
Howard 10-14 0-0 20, Laszewski 4-6 0-0 8, Beverley 1-1 0-0 2, McMorris 4-10 2-2 11, Van Leeuwen 0-2 0-0 0, Fredrickson 4-12 2-2 11, Shaw 4-5 2-2 10, Crowley 1-2 1-2 3, Gilreath 4-12 0-0 12, Marble 1-2 0-0 3, Miller 0-1 0-0 0, Richardson 1-4 0-0 2, Totals 34-71 7-8 82.
Savannah St. 4 6 5 9 —24 Wisconsin 22 19 19 22 —82
3-Point Goals_Savannah St. 2-18 (Allen 0-5, Anderson 0-1, Scott 0-4, Gray 0-1, Bartlett 0-1, Farmer 1-4, Moton 1-2), Wisconsin 7-27 (McMorris 1-5, Van Leeuwen 0-2, Fredrickson 1-3, Gilreath 4-12, Marble 1-2, Miller 0-1, Richardson 0-2). Assists_Savannah St. 2 (Farmer 1), Wisconsin 22 (Van Leeuwen 6). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Savannah St. 27 (Sowell 8), Wisconsin 58 (Howard 10). Total Fouls_Savannah St. 9, Wisconsin 10. A_3,344.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Tuesday, April 24, 2018
COPENHAGEN, DENMARK—According to a Science Nordic report, chicken and geese served as status symbols in Denmark during the Early and Late Roman Iron Age, ranging from the first through the fourth centuries A.D. Graves in Denmark from the period that contained hens also contained valuable artifacts, while expensive imported Roman goods were only found in graves that contained geese. “In the Roman Empire, hens and geese were a common burial gift, while in Denmark they were new and exotic species,” explained Anne Birgitte Gotfredsen of the Natural History Museum at the University of Copenhagen. Gotfredsen also pointed out that chicken and goose bones were not found among domestic waste. Geese were considered holy in Roman culture, added Mogens Bo Henriksen of Odense City Museums, because they represented the goddess Juno, who was married to Jupiter, the supreme god of the Roman pantheon. To read in-depth about Egyptian animal mummies, go to “Messengers to the Gods.”
Dubai: Rio Olympic silver medallist shuttler P V Sindhu will begin her campaign against lower ranked Hi Bingjiao of China in the women's singles event of the season-ending Dubai Super Series Finals starting on Wednesday.
World number three Sindhu has been clubbed along with number two ranked Akane Yamaguchi of Japan, Sayako Sato (world number 15), also of Japan, and Bingjiao (world number nine) in Group A.
All the four players will meet each other in a round-robin format.
Also read: PV Sindhu wants to end season with Dubai title
The other group has world number one Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei, Sung Ji Hyun of Korea (world number 5), Ratchanok Intanon (world number 6) of Thailand and Chen Yufei (world number 8) of China.
Olympic gold medallist Carolina Marin of Spain and world champion Nozomi Okuhara have withdrawn from the elite competition.
Sindhu is going into the tournament with a lot of confidence having clinched the India Open Super Series and Korea Open Super Series, besides bagging the silver at Glasgow World Championship and finishing runners-up at Hong Kong Open this season.
Meanwhile, world number four Kidambi Srikanth has been placed in Group B of men's singles event along with world number one Vicktor Axelsen of Denmark, Chou Tien Chen (world number 7) and Shi Yuqi (world number 8).
Srikanth will be up against Axelsen in the first match of the tournament on Wednesday.
Srikanth has also been at the peak of his powers this season as he became the only Indian, and the fourth player ever, to win four Super Series titles in a calendar year.
He won the Indonesia Open, Australia Open, Denmark Open and French Open before he was forced to miss the China Open and Hong Kong Open owing to a thigh muscle strain, which he had sustained at the Nationals in Nagpur last month.
As Steve discusses in the post just below, students affiliated with the Black Lives Matter movement shut down a presentation at the College of William & Mary. They rushed the stage and prevented the invited guest from speaking.
The invited guest was Claire Gastañaga of the American Civil Liberties Union. Gastañaga, a William & Mary alum, had intended to speak about “Students and the First Amendment.”
She never got that chance. The protesters drowned her out with chants of “ACLU, you protect Hitler, too,” “the oppressed are not impressed,” and “shame, shame, shame, shame.”
Tellingly they also chanted: “The revolution will not uphold the Constitution,” (we know) and “Liberalism is white supremacy” (that, I didn't know).
After 20 minutes of this, a co-organizer of the event rewarded the Brownshirts by handing one of them a microphone. The protester read a prepared statement that apparently attacked the ACLU for its principled defense of the civil liberties of the alt-right Charlottesville protesters.
Then came what Steve calls the most chilling part. Having given the BLM mob a platform without having secured one for the ACLU, the organizers declared the event cancelled. Some members of the audience approached the podium in an attempt to speak with Gastañaga, but the BLM thugs would not permit it. They surrounded Gastañaga, raised their voices even louder, and drove everybody else away.
William & Mary responded to this assault on free expression with the following statement:
William & Mary has a powerful commitment to the free play of ideas. We have a campus where respectful dialogue, especially in disagreement, is encouraged so that we can listen and learn from views that differ from our own, so that we can freely express our own views, and so that debate can occur. Unfortunately, that type of exchange was unable to take place Wednesday night when an event to discuss a very important matter – the meaning of the First Amendment — could not be held as planned. … Silencing certain voices in order to advance the cause of others is not acceptable in our community. These stifles debate and prevents those who've come to hear a speaker, our students in particular, from asking questions, often hard questions, and from engaging in debate where the strength of ideas, not the power of shouting, is the currency. William & Mary must be a campus that welcomes difficult conversations, honest debate and civil dialogue.
If William & Mary has any commitment to the free play of ideas, it must identify and punish the perpetrators. Otherwise, as Reason's Robby Soave says, the college's high-minded statement is meaningless.
College isn't for everyone. It's not for those who are unwilling to tolerate respectful dialogue, including disagreement. Not only can they not learn, they are an impediment to others learning.
College students, like the rest of us, can believe and spout whatever idiotic propositions — e.g. “liberalism is white supremacy” — capture their fancy. But they cannot be allowed to shutdown speakers — either liberal or conservative — who hold differing views.
William & Mary is a state school. It likely will be under pressure to respond to the outrageous treatment of the ACLU speaker with more than just slaps on the wrist.
But that doesn't mean it will so respond. This is a good test case. We'll be watching closely.
Bristol is a city filled with the weird and wonderful. It gets to a point where you no longer bat an eyelid when you see an exotic animal out for a walk on a lead, or an impromptu party break out in a kebab shop – it's all part of living in a city full on eccentric and interesting people.
And over the past few weeks, there have been plenty of bizarre happenings across the city, which could only ever happen in Bristol.
Here are just a few of them…
This man who has spent 13 years correcting grammar
The big news stories of the day making the front page
This level of preparation for any eventuality
Seeing this while out for your morning stroll
Invitations to parties like this
Having to witness this horrific brutality while waiting for your train
This constant trick of gravity
This level of dedication to the environment
Someone recognises these stunning works of art
This attempt at freshening up the city
This amazing reaction to the election news
This unusual reason to host an impromptu street party
This helpful translation
Sharing a bus with these unlikely passengers
How The Quarterbacks From The New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles Compare
The two starting quarterbacks in Sunday's Super Bowl couldn't be more different. The New England Patriots have Tom Brady a five-time champion and global icon. The Philadelphia Eagles have Nick Foles, who doesn't have such a long list of accomplishments.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Sunday's Super Bowl has one big mismatch - the quarterbacks. On the defending champion, New England Patriots, you have Tom Brady. On the short list of all-time greatest quarterbacks, he is also obscenely rich and husband to Gisele Bundchen, one of the most famous supermodels in the world. The Philadelphia Eagles have Nick Foles. A sportswriter once described him as, quote, "contrite, non-charismatic, cautious, churchgoing." Personality aside, Foles was playing backup quarterback only two months ago. Before signing with the Eagles this season, he was considering retiring.
So is it as big a mismatch as that might sound? Well for more on that, we turn to Bob Ford. He is sports columnist for the Philadelphia Inquirer. Hello, there.
BOB FORD: Hello, Mary Louise, great to be with you.
KELLY: Great to have you with us. Who is Nick Foles? Tell us a little bit about him.
FORD: Well, up to this point, he's been sort of a quarterback that's bounced around a little bit - really didn't have a great career. In some ways, he doesn't have a past. In some ways, he might not have a future after this game. So this is really his moment. And whether he's going to be remembered or not is going to be largely accountable to what happens in the game on Sunday. So that's quite a spot he's in.
KELLY: You're saying potentially he could win the Super Bowl as quarterback for the Eagles, and you're not sure he has a future in the sport?
FORD: Well, I think he has a future as a backup again. I think the Eagles are very much committed to keeping Carson Wentz as their young, up-and-coming quarterback. And he'll get the job back once he recovers from surgery. And Nick Foles will return to his role in the shadows.
KELLY: Now he is known for having had one magic year. He killed it in 2013. He was playing for the Eagles. What happened?
FORD: Well, they had a new coach that year, Chip Kelly. And Chip Kelly brought a lot of different methods to the game. And it took a little bit of time for the defenses around the league to catch up with what those were - and catch up they did. But in the interim, as you said, Nick Foles won 8 out of 10 games. He threw 27 touchdowns - only two interceptions. It was magical. But I also think that was a bit of a mirage given what came afterward.
KELLY: And what came afterward?
FORD: Well, the next season they didn't do quite as well. Nick broke his collarbone. He got traded to the St. Louis Rams. He was a disaster there. And he rebounded as a backup last year in Kansas City before coming back to Philadelphia. So at 29, having had contemplated retirement, he was probably just going to be a career guy who stood on the sideline in a baseball hat and clapped his hands until Carson Wentz got hurt.
KELLY: Wow, and here he is in the Super Bowl on Sunday. Well, let me ask you this. Does he enjoy the advantage of being the underdog? I mean, the expectations are low compared to what Tom Brady is up against.
FORD: Well, I think Nick is used to being the underdog. He was, you know, lightly recruited for college. He was certainly lightly thought of coming out of college. He was only a third round pick of the Eagles. No one has ever been overwhelmed by his athleticism. So I think for Nick being an underdog, this is nothing new. And the fact that he's an underdog in the Super Bowl to Tom Brady is not only a comfortable place for him, but it's expected.
KELLY: How have fans in Philadelphia taken to him?
FORD: Well, it's a little like finding out that your garage mechanic can also do open-heart surgery if you really needed him to...
(LAUGHTER)
FORD: ...Because they didn't think all that much of Nick when he came back. And they love, love, love Carson Wentz. So when Carson Wentz tore his knee ligament, was lost for the season, there was certainly a sense of, OK, it's not about this season anymore. We're just going to build for the future. And then all of a sudden, Nick Foles won two playoff games. And here they are in the Super Bowl. And as I said, it's unexpected. But for a town that has not had all that many championships recently, they'll take any shot they can get.
KELLY: And what do you think? How big a shot is it? Can he and the Eagles beat Tom Brady and the Patriots on Sunday?
FORD: Let me put it this way. The hardest thing about winning the Super Bowl, Mary Louise, is getting into it. Once you're in it, you have a puncher's chance. I think if they played this game ten times, the Patriots would win seven. But they're only going to play at once, so it could be one of those three. So they certainly have a chance. Funny things happen in this game. The ball bounces around funny. And, yeah, they certainly have a chance.
KELLY: Bob Ford, thanks very much.
FORD: Mary Louise, my pleasure.
KELLY: Bob Ford of the Philadelphia Inquirer talking about Nick Foles, quarterback for the Eagles, and what kind of shot he has at a Super Bowl ring come Sunday.
(SOUNDBITE OF SOUTHERN CREEK PLAYERS' "FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS")
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
FILE- In this Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017 file photo, Egypt's Mohamed Salah, left, controls the ball in front of Cameroon's Ambroise Oyongo during the African Cup of Nations final soccer match between Egypt and Cameroon at the Stade de l'Amitie, in Libreville, Gabon. (AP Photo/Sunday Alamba, File)
FILE- In this Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017 file photo, Egypt's Mohamed Salah, left, controls the ball in front of Cameroon's Ambroise Oyongo during the African Cup of Nations final soccer match between Egypt and Cameroon at the Stade de l'Amitie, in Libreville, Gabon. (AP Photo/Sunday Alamba, File)
CAIRO (AP) - Mohammed Salah has the ability to light up any team, including Egypt.
The Liverpool striker has been in superb form this season, but playing at the World Cup will be a new experience for him. Egypt qualified for the tournament for the first time in 28 years, and its chances in Group A against host Russia, Saudi Arabia and Uruguay mainly rest on the 25-year-old Salah's shoulders.
In last month's warm-up games, headers proved to be Egypt's undoing. Salah put Egypt in the lead against Portugal, but Cristiano Ronaldo scored two late goals with his head for the European champions. In a dour game against Greece, Egypt lost 1-0 after another goal was nodded in.
Here's a closer look at the Egypt team:
COACH
Hector Cuper took over in 2015 after a dismal run under former United States coach Bob Bradley. The Argentine inherited a seven-time African champion that had failed to qualify for the last three continental championships.
Not only did Cuper lead the team to the 2017 African Cup of Nations, but they reached the final before losing to Cameroon. The World Cup exile then ended with a game to spare in qualifying.
The pair of feats halted media criticism of Cuper's tactics and turned him into a national hero. So much so that football federation officials are hoping Cuper reverses plans to leave the job after the World Cup.
However, doubts persist over whether Cuper has done enough to improve a squad that is notorious for losing the ball, squandering chances in front of goal and aerial weaknesses.
GOALKEEPERS
At 45, Essam el-Hadary could become the oldest player to compete at a World Cup. Russia may be his last stop in an illustrious career spanning three decades which took him to clubs in Switzerland, Sudan and Saudi Arabia, where he plays for Al-Taawoun.
Despite his vast international experience, El-Hadary must guard against some of the lapses of concentration and poor decision-making that surfaced in recent years.
Ahmed el-Shennawy was El-Hadary's backup before being ruled out of the World Cup with a left knee injury. That leaves Al-Ahly goalkeeper Mohammed el-Shennawy, who is no relation, as a possible replacement.
DEFENDERS
Ahmed Hegazy is the rock of the defense. At 6-foot-4 (1.95 meters), the 29-year-old center back is formidable in the air and has been growing in confidence and authority in the Premier League even as West Bromwich Albion has struggled.
Ali Jabr, a teammate for club and country, has been rarely used by West Brom, but he could retain his place in the Egypt back four because of his international experience.
Veterans Ahmed Fathy and Mohamed Abdel-Shafy look sure to start, with their runs on both flanks key to feeding the forwards.
Substitute defenders will most likely include Saad Sameer and Ayman Ashraf, both of Egyptian club Al-Ahly, and Ahmed Elmohamady of Aston Villa.
MIDFIELDERS
Egypt will be hoping Mohammed Elneny fully recovers from an ankle injury sustained playing for Arsenal. Elneny and Abdullah Said, who has been playing at Finnish club Kuopion Palloseura, should provide a solid midfield backbone that's a big part of the machine feeding Salah up front.
With their commitment and energy, the quality of the pair's performances could prove to be the difference between Egypt appearing disjointed or showing off its flowing football.
Their backups include Tareq Hamed of Egyptian club Zamalek and Amr Warda, who plays for Greek club Atromitos.
FORWARDS
After scoring more than 40 goals this season with Liverpool, Salah will be looking to continue his prolific form on the biggest stage in Russia.
Salah, the Professional Footballers' Association player of the year, doesn't get the same service with Egypt as he enjoys at Anfield. But he has shown versatility at Liverpool, changing positions to shake off markers.
Salah's partners up front will include Mahmoud Hassan - better known by his nickname Trezeguet - and Mahmoud Abdel-Monaim - also known as Kahrabah. Trezeguet plays for Turkish club Kasimpasa, while Kahrabah plays in Saudi Arabia.
Another attacking option is 21-year-old midfielder Ramadan Sobhi, who has been struggling to start for Stoke and has only scored twice in the Premier League this season.
GROUP GAMES
Egypt, which didn't advance past the opening round in its previous World Cup appearances in 1934 and 1990, will open against Uruguay on June 19. The team based in Grozny will then take on Russia on June 19 and Saudi Arabia on June 25.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Md.-Eastern Shore-Virginia Tech Box
VIRGINIA TECH 93, MD.-EASTERN SHORE 40 MD.-EASTERN SHORE (3-8)
Jones 3-6 0-0 6, M.Thomas 3-12 0-0 6, Bacote 5-11 0-0 12, Frost 2-12 2-2 7, McIntosh 1-7 4-6 7, L.Thomas 1-4 0-2 2, Fitzgerald 0-0 0-0 0, Hoggs 0-2 0-0 0. Totals 15-54 6-10 40.
VIRGINIA TECH (9-1)
Blackshear 3-5 3-4 9, Alexander-Walker 6-7 0-0 16, Hill 6-11 0-0 15, Robinson 3-8 0-0 6, Bibbs 4-6 0-0 10, Horne 3-5 3-4 9, Fullard 0-0 0-0 0, Wilson 0-2 0-0 0, Ammerman 0-0 0-0 0, Bede 3-6 0-0 9, Jackson 0-5 1-2 1, Clarke 7-9 1-1 18. Totals 35-64 8-11 93.
Halftime_Virginia Tech 54-22. 3-Point Goals_Md.-Eastern Shore 4-26 (Bacote 2-7, McIntosh 1-5, Frost 1-7, Jones 0-1, Hoggs 0-2, M.Thomas 0-4), Virginia Tech 15-27 (Alexander-Walker 4-4, Clarke 3-3, Bede 3-3, Hill 3-7, Bibbs 2-3, Wilson 0-1, Robinson 0-2, Jackson 0-4). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Md.-Eastern Shore 23 (Jones, M.Thomas 6), Virginia Tech 39 (Alexander-Walker, Blackshear 8). Assists_Md.-Eastern Shore 11 (Bacote, Frost, McIntosh 3), Virginia Tech 21 (Robinson 5). Total Fouls_Md.-Eastern Shore 11, Virginia Tech 9.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
OMAHA, Neb. — Authorities say a man accidentally shot and killed his wife in the kitchen of their Sarpy County home while he was cleaning his pistol.
The Sarpy County sheriff's office says 68-year-old Afton Teague was shot in the head around 3:30 p.m. Thursday. Authorities who arrived at the scene found her on the kitchen floor. She was taken to Creighton University Medical Center-Bergan Mercy, where she died.
Sarpy County Sheriff Chief Deputy Greg London says Teague's husband had been firing the .22-caliber semi-automatic pistol that killed his wife at a gun range earlier in the day.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The organisation behind the failed bid to take Alfie Evans to Italy says its aim is to introduce a "Christian voice" into law, the media and government.
Christian Concern has strong views on issues including abortion, adoption, marriage and end of life.
On its website it says: "We want to work to infuse a biblical worldview into every aspect of society.
"We want to be a strong Christian voice in the public sphere.
"We seek to highlight injustice, change public opinion on issues of key importance and affect policy bat the highest levels."
To read our latest updates on the Alfie Evans case, click here.
(Image: PA)
The pro-life organisation has also supplied Alfie's family with a barrister and states: "Every human being is created in the image of God, and is therefore sacred and to be respected as valued and loved by God."
It adds: "Abortion, embryonic research, euthanasia, and assisted suicide are just some of the current ways in which human life min God's image is being devalued in society.
"We campaign for human life, particularly at its most vulnerable, to be protected in law from the point of conception until the point of natural death."
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Facebook)
Because of their values, the organisation has stood by Alfie's parents' side to fight for their son.
He has an undiagnosed brain condition and doctors say it is kinder to let him die - but his parents disagree and want to take him to Rome for more treatment, and his dad Tom has even met with the Pope.
Earlier today it released a statement claiming an air ambulance is "on hand" to take Alfie to Rome where doctors are ready to care for him.
Yesterday the Italian government granted Italian citizenship to Alfie.
Andrea Williams, chief executive of Christian Concern, said this afternoon: “Alfie continues to fight for his life in an extraordinary way, as do his parents and our lawyers.
(Image: PA)
“We welcome the intervention of the Italian government and are grateful that they stand ready to take Alfie to Italy.
“A common sense approach must now be for Mr Justice Hayden to discharge all the court orders which detain Alfie and seek to end his life in Alder Hey, and give him the chance to be treated and looked after in Italy.”
She added: “It cannot be in Alfie's best interests to be left in Alder Hey where the court order is to let him die.
“Alfie's best interests would be served by allowing him to travel to Italy.
“We urge the court to allow Alfie to travel to Italy today.”
(Image: PA)
On its website, Ms Williams explained why Alfie's case is so important.
She said: "Alfie matters because he is a human being, made in God's image and with inherent dignity.
"The idea that some lives matter more than others, and that this can be decided by judges and other authorities, is abhorrent.
"Alfie is human. Just like you, your friends and your family members.
"In his particularly fragile condition, it is absolutely right that his parents, and many others, are deeply committed to protecting him.
"This is a deeply Christian impulse - to care for the most vulnerable."
Andrea Williams co-founded the organisation in 2008. She is currently CEO of Christian Concern and also the founder and operating director of Christian Legal Centre.
Market Highlights:
The design of efficient and sophisticated security systems with user-friendly installation features enabled by wireless technology is the key factor fuelling the growth of the market. Furthermore, availability of remote monitoring with proper insurance policies is expected to boost the market over the forecast period. Whereas, large initial investment and cost of maintenance of the equipment along with lack of awareness regarding technological enhancements are hampering the market.
It is the defense of digital information and IT assets against internal and external threats. Defense includes detection, prevention and response to threats using policies, software tools and IT services. Increasing consumer awareness & security concerns, willingness to invest for security systems, growing demand for the use of wireless technology in security systems and adoption of IoT-based security systems are majorly driving the growth of the market.
According to MRFR, The Security System Integrators Market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 10% during the Forecast Period 2017-2023. The wireless systems are not only easy to install but it helps to improve the interactive monitoring services of a system and can be remotely operated which makes it easy to use.
Although the on-premise deployment of security system is more secure and reduces the risk of cyber threats, there is a more adoption and deployment of cloud services. In the U.K, the cloud adoption rate has reached nearly 85%, including the security system integration. Also, the pricing strategy of the cloud is more flexible than of on-premise, and hence becomes a prime factor for the small enterprises to adopt these services easily.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5571
Major Key players:
Setronics Corporation (U.S.),
Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.),
FireEye, Inc. (U.S.),
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP (U.S.),
International Business Machines Corporation (U.S.),
McAfee, LLC (U.S.),
Accenture BCR (Ireland),
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (U.S.),
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited (U.S.),
HCL Technologies Limited (India),
Wipro Limited (India),
CIPHER Security LLC (U.S.), Integrity360 (Ireland), Vandis, Inc. (U.S.), Anchor Technologies, Inc. (U.S.), and Innovative Solutions Co (Saudi Arabia)
Other vendors include Symantec Corporation (U.S.), Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (U.S.), Sophos Group Plc (U.K), Check Point Software Technologies Ltd (Israel), RSA Security LLC (U.S.), Kaspersky Lab (Russia), Carbon Black, Inc (U.S.), F-Secure Corporation (Finland), Veracode, Inc. (U.S.), WhiteHat Security (U.S.), Akamai Technologies, Inc (U.S.) and others.
Segmentation:
On the basis of organization size, the Security System Integrators market is segmented into small and medium enterprises, and large enterprises. Among these, the large enterprises are having the highest market and are expected to dominate the segment during the forecast period. This growth is mainly due to the ability of enterprises to invest large amounts in cloud deployment, application security, and mostly the network security. On the other hand, the small and medium enterprises are slowly adopting these security systems, due to budgetary restraints.
On the basis of vertical, the market is segmented into energy, retail, banking, manufacturing, hospitality, government, IT & telecommunication, aerospace & defense, and others. The government sector along with public sector integration of IT infrastructure is expected to grow at a fast rate due to increasing number of cyber threats and attacks. These industrial verticals possess a lot of sensitive customer data and also are dedicated to provide rapid customer service, for which there is a strong need of network and application security.
Regional Analysis
North America, at present holds the largest market share of security system integrators market and is expected to continue dominating by the end of forecast period. Europe is closely following North America in terms of growth rate. Europe and North America are advanced regions in terms of technology and its adoption. Many small, medium and large enterprises are providing their services in these regions and across the globe. As the IT sector is highly dominant in countries like the U.S., there is a strong need in terms of security. Many enterprises and government agencies are moving their services, data, and processes to cloud which is resulting in an additional risk of data loss and security threat.
The major factors adding to the growth of Europe market is the strict government regulations and policies regarding the data transmission. However, Asia Pacific, at present, is slowly adopting these services and has occupied third spot in the market. This growth is expected to increase, by the mid of forecast period, due to more adoption of cloud services and development in IT infrastructure.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/security-system-integrators-market-5571
Intended Audience:
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Claude Puel plans to speak to Riyad Mahrez when the Leicester star has “cleared his head” after confirming he is not available for tomorrow's Premier League clash with Swansea.
The Algerian is insisting he is ‘depressed' and in no frame of mind to play or even train for the Foxes after his dream move to Man City collapsed on deadline day.
Mahrez went AWOL earlier in the week and Leicester have refused to confirm if the star was again absent without leave today.
Leicester are insisting they would have sold Mahrez to City had the Premier League leaders coughed up £80million cash on deadline day.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Puel refused to say whether he has spoken to Mahrez since but believes their relationship can be repaired eventually.
Puel said: “Riyad will not be available for this game. I can say the club we took this decision for the best of Leicester I think.
“We need to respect this decision. I think it is the best decision for this squad.
“We will assess Riyad when he has cleared himself. We know after transfer window it is always difficult. It is a tough situation for us to manage.
(Image: Plumb Images)
“I hope for Riyad he can clear his head and comeback with us because he is a vital player for us and crucial in our play.
“I think his place is in our squad with his team-mates. We need to stay united after all this. This is a situation we need to manage of course.
“I have a good relationship with Riyad and now we have to manage this situation and move forward. He is a fantastic player and the first priority is for him to find the good feeling and he can enjoy his football."
(Image: Laurence Griffiths)
Mahrez first failed to report for training on Tuesday with no explanation.
It plunged Leicester's preparations for their 2-1 loss at Everton on Wednesday into chaos as Mahrez was in Puel's line-up.
Mirror Sport heard a first team player referred to the debacle at the training ground as “madness” this week.
But Puel would be willing to welcome Mahrez, 26, back into the fold.
The Frenchman added: “We will meet with his side and the club and not in the public.”
(Image: Getty)
Mahrez could face a club fine of two weeks' wages worth £200,000 if found guilty of going AWOL.
Lawyers, medics and HR officials are now set to get involved in the row with the star insisting he is 'depressed'.
Unrepentant Leicester believe their valuation of the former PFA player of the year and Ballon d'Or nominee, who has also a Premier League winners' medal and two-and-a-half years left on his contract, was fair after Liverpool paid £75m for Virgil van Dijk and Barcelona £145m for Philippe Coutinho.
It is the second successive window Mahrez has pushed unsuccessfully for a move after leaving Algeria's national team camp in the summer on deadline day.
STILLWATER, Okla. — Loryn Goodwin had 25 points, nine rebounds and six assists and Kaylee Jensen scored 23 points with nine boards to help No. 23 Oklahoma State beat Kansas 92-63 on Saturday night.
Goodwin was 10-of-14 shooting and Jensen made 8 of 13 from the field. Braxtin Miller added 17 points and Jaden Hobbs scored 12 on a career-high four 3-pointers for Oklahoma State (16-6, 7-4 Big 12). Mandy Coleman had 11 points and eight rebounds.
Goodwin scored 10 points, including two 3-point plays, during a 13-2 run that gave the Cowgirls a 21-10 lead late in the first quarter and Kansas trailed the rest of the way. Goodwin made a layup and then a jumper to open the second quarter and push the lead into double figures, 30-17, for good.
Christalah Lyons made 7 of 10 from the field, hit 7-of-9 free throws and finished with 21 points — one shy of her career high — for Kansas (11-12, 2-10). Kylee Kopatich scored 16 points and Brianna Osorio added 13.
For 50 Years, Deep-Water Trawls Likely Caught More Fish Than Anyone Thought
Enlarge this image toggle caption Monty Rakusen/Getty Images/Cultura RF Monty Rakusen/Getty Images/Cultura RF
Long before it lands on a restaurant menu, Chilean sea bass takes quite a journey to arrive on land. To catch these deep-sea dwellers, fishers usually drag nets along the ocean floor a quarter of a mile, or more, beneath the ocean's surface — a form of fishing called bottom trawling.
The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization tries to keep tabs on bottom trawling, which rakes in juvenile fish and lots of other ocean species that are not the desired catch, depleting future fish stocks. It asks member countries to adhere to quotas and report fishing statistics.
But recent research, published in the journal Frontiers in Marine Science, suggests that millions of tons of fish caught in deep-water trawl nets have gone unreported in the last 50 years.
UN FAO data shows that deep-sea bottom trawls — fishing 1,300 feet below the ocean's surface and deeper — caught 14 million tons of fish between 1950 and 2015. Meanwhile, during the same time period, reconstructed data shows "an estimated 25 million tons of fish that were extracted, but not included in any of the fisheries statistics," says Maria Palomares, a researcher at Sea Around Us, a research initiative at the University of British Columbia in an email.
That's almost double the amount actually reported.
The Sea Around Us numbers are so much higher because they include fish species that FAO reports leave out, as well as bycatch — non-target species swept up in dragnets.
It took more than 15 years to piece together this picture of the deep-sea catch, Palomares says. She and her team began their work with FAO or national fishing data as a baseline for a given region and time period. Then, they scoured that information for gaps — missing species, gear types, or areas. Using interviews with fishers, historical archives and sometimes even photographs of trophy fish to fill in the data set, they arrived at this larger estimate of fish that left the ocean.
Of the unreported catch, about half the fish were likely sold or eaten, while the other half were thrown away, she says.
For Palomares, whether the fish became meals or went to waste, it's important to know how much extra fish left the ocean without being factored into population counts. Accurate fishing data is essential to keeping fish stocks sustainable, she says.
Iván López, the director of Spanish fishing company Pesquera Ancora, trusts the UN FAO data. And he isn't sure that a historical reconstruction is the best way forward — he'd prefer to focus on the current industry rather than past numbers.
López' company abides by regulations set up to make sure trawl ships report all of their catch. "We have fully documented fisheries now; inspections when you get to land; cross-referencing of invoices and sales," López says. "We are a very well-controlled industry." López's company mainly trawls for cod in shallower waters than Palomares studied, but their nets can approach 1,300 feet deep at times.
Off the West Coast of the U.S., there are fisheries that trawl at depths between 1,300 and 1,500 feet for fish like Dover sole and sable fish, says John DaVore, an officer of the Pacific Fishery Management Council who focuses on bottom-dwelling fish. But bottom trawling is banned in the deepest waters off the West Coast, anywhere below 4,200 feet, to protect unexplored habitats, he says.
Limiting trawling at greater depths, where fish grow slowly and live a long time, Palomares says, is important, since deepwater populations are sensitive. Chilean sea bass, or patagonian toothfish, begin reproducing at about 10 years old, so it takes a population a long time to recover from overfishing. Orange roughy, another deep-sea fish, has been known to live long enough to celebrate its 149th birthday — but it only starts to reproduce in the second or third decade of its life.
There's also the ecological cost of dragging gear across the ocean floor. Trawling doesn't just threaten fragile populations, she says, it also scrapes up anything in its path — sponges, anemones, corals. "The whole bottom becomes a wasteland," she says.
Frédéric Le Manach, scientific director at BLOOM, an organization focused on fishing sustainability, wants to ban deep-sea trawling. He thinks the environmental costs outweigh any benefits to deep-water bottom trawls (Le Manach did not directly work with Palomares on this study; BLOOM director Claire Nouvian did).
Historically, suppliers ramped up bottom trawling in search of novel fish products, Le Manach says. "They developed deep-sea bottom trawling because it was a way to create a new market, to catch fish that nobody else had on their shelves," he says.
Government subsidies offset costs so that these operations could continue, even when they weren't profitable due to high fuel costs, Le Manach says.
And deep-sea trawling doesn't account for all that much fish. Even including the extra unreported catch Palomares predicts, her work shows that deep-sea bottom trawling provided less than 0.5 percent of all fish caught over 65 years.
That small contribution to the market is all the more reason to end the practice, Le Manach says. "It's nothing in terms of volume or in terms of value," he says. "So it would be very easy to stop [deep-sea] bottom trawling."
The last few years have seen more momentum for bans on bottom trawling. The Pacific Fishery Management Council voted on April 9 to protect an additional 136,000 square miles of ocean off the West Coast, prohibiting bottom trawl gear in new areas. "That's in addition to a number of habitat areas that were closed off previously," DaVore says. Most of that area, he says, is ocean that's around 1000 feet deep.
In 2016, the European Union banned bottom trawling below 2,600 feet in Central-East Atlantic or European waters, a measure for which BLOOM campaigned.
Web Desk: Protest is an act which people attempt to express their disapproval or objection to something. Countries give right to their citizen to associate with others and gather together for common purpose.
Here is a list of the weirdest protest around the world.
Farmers protest by squirting cow milk
Brussels' farmer adopted a new way to express their displeasure. They squirted milk straight from a cow at riot police. Over 2,500 farmers were angry due to the collapsing of milk price.
Woman protests against sharks extinction by hanging from a boutique ceiling
Alice Newstead pierced her skin with oversized fish hooks and hung from the ceiling of a Paris boutique in a campaign over shark extinction.
Journalist throws both shoes at Bush
Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi threw his both shoes at Bush during a press conference on December, 2008.
Fathers' protest against custody laws by dressing up like superheros
On October, 2003, divorced dads got on the rooftop of London's Royal Courts of Justice to record their protest against custody law. They were wearing superheroes' dresses.
Hindus protest against valentine's day
India's hard-liner Hindus protested against celebration of valentine's day. They blocked a road in downtown New Dehli and burnt valentine's day cards.
Peruvians protest against corruption by washing the country's flag
c
In 2000, Peruvians gathered to protest President Alberto Fukimori's re-election. They washed the country's flag which was considered that it was tarnished by dirty politics.
Source: Oddee
loading...
MIAMI — David Beckham's latest soccer plan for Miami might be decided by the city's voters.
His target: a golf course.
Beckham is scheduled to appear before the Miami city commission next week as he and his partners aim to move closer to picking a stadium location for their Major League Soccer franchise. The Beckham group's latest proposal calls for a 28,000-seat stadium on the site of what is now the Melreese Country Club, a public golf course owned by the city that sits near Miami International Airport.
If commissioners approve, voters would decide on Nov. 6 whether to change the city's charter and allow what would be a no-bid deal to lease 73 acres at the Melreese site to the group. The deal Beckham is proposing calls for the city to collect nearly $140 million in rent payments over 39 years, a rate of roughly $3.5 million annually.
Beckham's group would pay an additional $20 million over 30 years to help fund a planned 58-acre park on the site.
The former Manchester United, Real Madrid and LA Galaxy star and business partner Jorge Mas are listed on the city's agenda for the July 12 meeting, described as scheduled to make a "personal appearance" and "special presentation." They will ask commissioners to put the measure before voters, though it's certain that not everyone at the meeting will be supporting the idea.
Petitions are circulating to save the course, where Tiger Woods has appeared for clinics in the past. Longtime LPGA star Cristie Kerr, a Miami native, has voiced opposition to the Melreese plan in recent months, as has fellow Miami native pro Erik Compton.
"Please help protect this beautiful green space, this public golf course and this home to amazing youth programs," Compton wrote on Twitter .
Beckham's group also wants to bring a massive technology park to the site, as well as an underground parking facility, public soccer fields, 500 new hotel rooms, a conference centre, retail stores, restaurants and more. The Beckham franchise, when it gets going, will also bring a training centre and an academy focused on developing local players to the Miami area.
The stadium-location quest is just the latest drawn-out chapter in Beckham's five-years-and-counting marathon to bring MLS back to Miami. The Miami Fusion played from 1998-2001, folding because of poor attendance.
Guy Pearce has claimed Kevin Spacey was "very handsy" on the set of 'LA Confidential'.
The 50-year-old actor has implied he was inappropriately touched by his 58-year-old co-star when they appeared alongside one another as Ed Exley and Jack Vincennes respectively in the crime thriller film in 1997.
In an interview with Andrew Denton on the Australian talk show 'Interview', Guy was asked for his thoughts on working with Kevin to which he replied: "Yeah ... yeah. Tough one to talk about at the moment. Amazing actor; incredible actor. Mmm. Slightly difficult time with Kevin, yeah. He's a handsy guy. Thankfully, I was 29 and not 14."
Kevin was first accused of sexual assault in the work place in November last year by Anthony Rapp - who claimed he made unwanted advances on him in 1986 when he was just 14 years - but he has since denied he has any recollection of the alleged incident.
Since then, more than 30 men have come forward with allegations against Kevin and the Met Police in London have recently revealed they are following up three new accusations.
According to the BBC, police received allegations between February and April this year which claimed the 'American Beauty' actor sexually assaulted men in both the English capital and Gloucester.
The publication reports that the most recent accusations are alleged to have occurred in the London boroughs of Westminster in 1996 and Lambeth in 2008, with the Gloucester allegation taking place in 2013.
The news comes after Los Angeles County prosecutors claimed in April they were reviewing a "sex crimes case" against the Oscar-winning actor.
No other details were revealed about the review, but it was claimed at the time that the information had been passed on to Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office's Sex Crimes Task Force.
Largely Forgotten Osage Murders Reveal A Conspiracy Against Wealthy Native Americans
Members of the Osage Indian Nation became very wealthy in the 1920s after oil deposits were found on their land. Then local whites began targeting the tribe. Journalist David Grann tells the story.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One phone call, that's all it took to rob a couple of their life ­savings.
The crooks posed as the fraud department from a high street bank to snare their victims.
They make hundreds of calls like this every day and most of them thankfully fail.
But every so often they'll get a bite, often when they catch their intended victim in a moment of weakness.
That certainly describes John Williams, who could think of little else but his wife Carol, suffering from late-stage lung cancer, and their plans to buy a small ­apartment to spend their final days together by the sea.
It was around 7pm on a weekday. John had put Carol to bed and was having a little time to himself when their landline rang.
According to the phone's caller ID, the call was from Santander.
John had no idea that the more sophisticated of these gangs use “spoofing” techniques to mimic calls from other numbers.
The caller used the name ­Christopher and is described by John, a retired phone engineer, as well-spoken and Asian.
He asked some basic security questions which John answered, assuming that he was talking to Santander.
“Christopher” told John that there had been an unusual transaction and a payment of £15,000 would leave his account first thing in the morning if action was not taken, followed by two other payments totalling £38,000.
(Image: Chris Tinsley/WALES NEWS SERVICE)
Smooth-talking Christopher asked for remote access to John's computer and helped him set up a supposed safe account, where his savings could be kept until the issue was resolved.
“I was a little panicked at the time so I allowed them to do it,” says John, from Newbridge near Caerphilly, South Wales. “However, I became ­suspicious and called Santander customer services on my mobile, using the number that was showing on the laptop.
“Unbeknown to me this was a false page that the scammers had produced once they took control of my laptop, so I simply spoke to his ­accomplice.”
Naturally, the accomplice agreed that John should move his money to the “safe account”.
Still concerned, John called Santander again, this time using the genuine number that he'd previously written down.
He was warned that he was being scammed and given a one-time ­password.
(Image: fStop)
But the well-practised crooks were ready for this, and told John that they needed the password and any delay in moving the money to the safe account could result in him losing everything.
The phone call had now lasted around two hours. Exhausted, bamboozled and not knowing which Santander speaker was real or fake, John revealed the password.
Almost immediately £53,000 was stolen in three amounts, moved into accounts at two other banks, which were swiftly emptied.
Santander is refusing to reimburse John, saying: “We are sympathetic to Mr and Mrs Williams' situation and to all who suffer distress at the hands of criminals who carry out scams.
(Image: Getty)
“Unfortunately, despite clear ­warnings not to, Mr Williams gave away confidential security details to the fraudsters which enabled them access to his account.”
John responds: “I spoke to Santander when the scammers were about to transfer the money. They had an opportunity to recognise the fraud and could have stopped it.
“I understand that I broke Santander's code of practice by revealing the one-time password, however large sums of money being paid out should flag up on the fraud detection systems, especially when it is irregular behaviour.”
Can you grow up in Westchester County and not be considered comfortable financially?
Upstart Democratic Congressional candidate Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez says yes, and the Yorktown High School graduate's brutal honesty remains a cornerstone of her campaign strength.
The 28-year-old Ocasio-Cortez is blasting cynics questioning her working class roots as "a girl from the Bronx," following the revelation she moved to upscale Westchester County when she was age 5, as reported here by Daily Voice.
John Cardillo, a host of Newsmax's "America Talks Live," shared a picture of Ocasio-Cortez's childhood home in Yorktown Heights, claiming she lived there until she went to attend Brown University. (The winner of the Congressional primary actually attended Boston University.)
“This is the Yorktown Heights (very nice area) home @Ocasio2018 grew up in before going off to Ivy League Brown University,” Cardillo tweeted. “A far cry from the Bronx hood upbringing she's selling.”
Ocasio-Cortez fired back at Cardillo, saying she did not attend Brown University or any other Ivy League school. “Try Google," Ocasio-Cortez said.
Since her upset win, Ocasio-Cortez has received national -- and international -- media coverage. She appeared on NBC's "Meet the Press," on Sunday and on CBS's "Late Show With Stephen Colbert."
Asked about President Trump, who tweeted about her upset win, Ocasio-Cortez pointed out he's a native of Queens, and her district includes part of Queens as well as the Bronx.
"I don't think he knows how to deal with a girl from the Bronx," she told Colbert.
Watch the video of the interview here.
Ocasio-Cortez explained in a statement to DailyMail.com on Sunday that her family scraped together money for a small home in Yorktown Heights, so she could go to public school there, but that her father and other family remained in the Bronx.
She lived in the Bronx's Parkchester apartments before moving to Yorktown Heights to attend a better public school than what was available in the Bronx at that time, according to her campaign website.
The self-proclaimed Democratic socialist is running as a Democrat in New York's 14th Congressional District, which encompasses the Bronx and Queens, after defeating 10-term U.S. Rep. Joseph Crowley last week.
“My mom scrubbed toilets so I could live here & I grew up seeing how the zip code one is born in determines much of their opportunity,” Ocasio-Cortez wrote, noting that she grew up partially in a working-class neighborhood.
"A major part of my story, and what I've shared with my neighbors throughout this campaign, is that I grew up between two worlds,' Ocasio-Cortez said.
"At a young age, my entire extended family (aunts, grandparents, etc) chipped in on a down payment for a small home in Yorktown so I could go to public school there. My mom was as a house cleaner for other people in the town so we could get by," she said.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
There was no end of intrigue at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show this year.
Rumor, the German shepherd who narrowly lost at last year's show, had come close to simply hanging up her leash and retiring. Instead, she stormed back to win her category again this year — and then, to top it all off, beat out more than 2,800 dogs to take Best in Show on Tuesday, as well.
The triumph makes her only the second German shepherd to win the top prize in Westminster's 141-year history. Considering Westminster is the second-longest continuously running sporting event in the U.S. — second only to the Kentucky Derby — the redemptive win for the 5 1/2-year-old female is no mean feat.
Not only that, but as NPR's Merrit Kennedy noted earlier this month, Westminster also played host to another rarity at this year's dog show: cats. The featured felines shared a showcase with the dogs called Meet & Compete.
Still, whatever words we can offer on the event seem a little beside the point. The dogs — big and small, noble and loony — are the main event.
So, without further throat-clearing, here's what you came for: A few of our very favorite images from the competition.
Belly On World Cafe
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dylan Eddinger/WXPN Dylan Eddinger/WXPN
In 1995, Bill Watterson, the author of the Calvin and Hobbes comic strip, decided to end it even though it seemed like the comic was in its prime. Since then, Bill has said, "It's better to leave the party early." Belly, our guest in this session did the very same thing. The band had explosive success with the debut album Star in 1993 and was all over MTV with the hit song "Feed the Tree." Belly released the follow-up King in 1995, grabbing the cover of Rolling Stone in the spring of that year. But by the fall, Belly broke up. To some people, they left the party early.
But that doesn't mean you can't throw another party later. In 2016, Belly reunited for some shows, and has since made a new album called Dove that came out at the beginning of the month.
All four members of the band — Tanya Donelly, Gail Greenwood, Tom and Chris Gorman — have been cranking out creative projects in the time since, including solo albums for Tanya, tours for Gail and photography for Tom and Chris. But when they came into World Cafe, it seemed like Belly is the party they all want to be attending right now.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coachloads of protestors are heading for London this morning to campaign to ‘save the NHS' – spurred on by a very topical bit of street art that apes a Hollywood film.
Bristol's very own version of Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri has been revealed on the A38 at Stokes Croft, questioning the future of the NHS.
Instead of a series of three billboards erected by the mother of a murder victim, as Frances McDormand's latest film portrays, the three billboards are questioning the future of the NHS.
Hundreds of people from Bristol are expected to attend the huge rally in London on the afternoon of Saturday, February 3, and among the speakers at the end of the march will be Nicky Romero, whose 15-year-old daughter Becky's death was attributed to ‘neglect' by the coroner because of a lack of resources and care by the NHS.
The mural was installed by People's Republic of Stokes Croft and organised by the Bristol group Protect Our NHS.
“This mural tells two stories,” said a Protect Our NHS spokesperson.
“The NHS is being deliberately underfunded. It's a political choice and the result is an NHS which cannot provide all the healthcare people need.
“Rationing is increasing, services are disintegrating and frustrated patients are more frequently opting to pay out of their own pockets for their health care if they can afford to. The government is responsible for this state of affairs
“While the NHS is being killed off, its privatisation is soaring. Private companies won 70 per cent of clinical contracts in England in 2016-17. Health should not be a profit making industry,” he added.
Toronto police say four men are facing a total of 97 charges in an investigation into gun violence in the city's Regent Park neighbourhood.
They say the men were arrested on Monday after an officer saw four people, who appeared to be wearing clothing designed to disguise their identities, in a vehicle.
It's alleged one of the occupants got out of the vehicle carrying a handgun and fired in the direction of traffic and pedestrians, but it's not believed anyone was struck.
Investigators say a pursuit of the vehicle ended when it struck a police car, but not before it had collided with two taxis and driven down a sidewalk, narrowly missing pedestrians.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A candlelit vigil will be held outside Weston General Hospital tonight to mark a year since senior management temporarily closed its A&E department overnight.
The emergency room at the Weston-super-Mare hospital began closing from 10pm to 8am exactly one year ago today.
At the time health chiefs said dangerously low staff levels meant they could not man the department safely for 24 hours a day and they inroduced the temporary nighttime closure.
The Save Weston A&E campaign group has organised protests outside the hospital since the closure, as they believe it is putting lives at risk.
To mark a year since the closure the group have planned three days of events, starting at 9.30pm tonight with a candlelit vigil outside the hospital.
Campaigner Helen Thornton said: “When our A&E was closed overnight on a temporary basis last July we never imagined that one year later it would still be closed.
“'Temporary' to us meant a few months, maybe six months at the most.”
Patients have been told that it will reopen once the hospital has enough staff to manage the A&E safely around the clock.
At a hospital trust board meeting in May it was revealed that the department had 50 per cent of the target needed.
The hospital serves a population of around 200,000 people, but patients now face having to travel to Bristol or Taunton for treatment at night.
The Bristol, North Somerset and South Gloucestershire Clinical Commissioning Group (BNSSG CCG) – which is the body responsible for making a decision on the future of Weston A&E – has reiterated that the closure is a “temporary measure”.
(Image: (C) James Beck 2018)
Chief executive Julia Ross said no decision had been made on its long-term future and that one would not be expected until autumn this year.
Following tonight's vigil there will be a picnic in Grove Park from 5.30pm tomorrow, Thursday, which is also the 70th birthday of the NHS.
Then on Saturday (July 7) a march and rally will be taking place through the town starting and finishing at the Italian Gardens. There will then be speeches from a number of guests including Jonathan Bartley, Co-Leader of the Green Party.
Ms Thornton added: “We need the people of Weston-super-Mare to come to any or all of the events in our week of action to show their love for the greatest of all British institutions – the NHS - and their need for their local hospital to have a 24/7 fully functioning A&E department.”
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The number of current account holders ditching and switching their bank or building society has jumped to a two-year high, figures show.
During the first three months of 2018 more than 273,000 switches were recorded, according to payments body Bacs, which oversees the seven-day current account switch service.
“With current account offers of up to £200 to switch, 2018 started with some strong incentives from some of the leading high street banks. The latest current account switching stats from Bacs show more consumers are starting to take heed of these offers and the switching service," said Sally Francis, money expert at MoneySuperMarket.
Bacs said this was the highest quarterly total since the first quarter of 2016 and a 10% increase on the same period in 2017.
The recent high levels of switching are likely to have been driven by broader bank market activity, such as the advertising of switching incentives, supported by a high-profile advertising campaign launched in January, according to the report.
The banks with most people leaving Source: Mirror Money/BACS
“It could well be an indication that attitudes are changing for the better. People are realising that loyalty doesn't pay and are taking action to move to better offers that give something back,” Francis said.
“Those looking to switch now could consider M&S Bank, which is offering £185 in vouchers if you switch and stay for a year, or First Direct, which has just launched a raft of new switching incentives, including a £150 Expedia voucher."
The report also showed the gains and losses made by banks and building societies from people using the current account switch service between July 1 and September 30 2017.
They show Halifax and Nationwide Building Society were particularly big winners during this period, making large net customer gains.
Tesco Bank also made net customer gains, as did TSB - which has apologised this week for IT issues which left online customers unable to access their money and some able to see other people's accounts.
The banks gaining the most people Source: Mirror Money/BACS
The figures are provided voluntarily by banks and building societies and do not include switches made outside the scheme, which was launched in 2013 to make it easier for people, small businesses and small charities to move providers.
This week has also seen competition stepped up further in the current account market, with First Direct launching a range of new freebies for customers to switch.
Bacs said more than 4.7 million successful switches have taken place since the service launched in 2013.
Newsroom To 'Chicago Tribune': With 85 Percent Backing, We Have Votes For Union
Enlarge this image toggle caption Scott Olson/Getty Images Scott Olson/Getty Images
Updated at 1:12 p.m. ET
Organizers of a newsroom union at the Chicago Tribune have informed its publisher that colleagues have already given such overwhelming formal support for their effort that the paper's parent company should recognize the guild voluntarily and start to negotiate a contract.
The organizers gave the Tribune's parent company, Tronc, a day to make a decision.
According to a letter from the Chicago Tribune Guild organizing committee obtained by NPR, the nascent union has received signed union authorization cards from more than 85 percent of staffers who would fall under the bargaining unit.
"Voluntary recognition would allow us to begin contract negotiations, saving the company the cost and inconvenience of a campaign and an election that will result overwhelmingly in our favor," read the letter, sent Tuesday morning to Bruce Dold, the Tribune's editor and publisher. This story will be updated with any reaction from the Tribune and Tronc.
It is quite a turnaround in fortunes for unions at Tronc, which comes from a strong anti-union background. Historically, the Tribune and its corporate owners took a strong stance against unions at the paper and in society more broadly.
More recently, Tronc fought fiercely for months against unionizing efforts at the Tribune's larger sister paper, the Los Angeles Times, yet lost badly in a lopsided vote held in January. Tronc, then controlled by Chicago investor Michael Ferro, announced it would sell the Times and The San Diego Union-Tribune less than three weeks later. That sale, to Southern California billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong, is expected to go through in coming weeks.
Ferro is now gone from the company. He sold his controlling minority stake to McCormick Media — controlled primarily by Sargent M. McCormick-Collier, a relative of the legendary late Col. Robert McCormick who ran the Tribune and built it into a multi-platform staff.
"If the company does not recognize the Chicago Tribune Guild, we will file the signature cards tomorrow with the National Labor Relations Board, and an election will be scheduled," the organizing committee wrote in a separate note to staffers.
A Chicago Tribune spokeswoman said the paper was reviewing the guild's request. "We believe we can best build on the Chicago Tribune heritage and trust with readers by working together as an organization," she said in a emailed statement. "We will continue to work toward our common goal of ensuring that the Chicago Tribune is a leading source for news and information, whatever the outcome."
The Tribune's parent company, Tronc, and its corporate predecessor, Tribune, have suffered severe financial setbacks, some of them self-inflicted. That has in turn led to waves of layoffs, buyouts and cutbacks. The Chicago Tribune newsroom is perhaps a third as large as it was at its height.
In the years since it was rechristened Tronc, the company has been beset by additional controversy and internal crises, starting with a frenetic branding effort around digital innovation. In Los Angeles, the Times's new publisher, Ross Levinsohn, was sidelined by questions raised over past workplace misconduct (he took a leave and became Tronc's chief executive over its digital activities). The LA Times' new editor-in-chief, Lewis D'Vorkin, sparked a newsroom mutiny over his conversations with Disney over coverage and with his accusations that his journalists have been disloyal. He was shifted over to the digital unit in February and left the company earlier this month.
The company created an uproar with plans to create a large separate digital newsroom that would have generated a vast new output of online content outside the company's newspapers, including the Chicago Tribune, the LA Times, the Baltimore Sun, South Florida Sun-Sentinel, Hartford Courant, and other big metro dailies.
A senior Chicago Tribune editor, Metro Editor Mark Jacob, announced on April 5 he was leaving the company and tweeted: "... owners and managers of media companies must embrace a mission of journalism as public service, invest in their people and show bravery and independence. Our democracy depends on it."
Some digital newsrooms and smaller newspapers have been seeking union representation as well. Union efforts recently have popped up at some surprising newsrooms — including the digital outlet Mic, the satiric publication The Onion, the Casper (Wyoming) Star-Tribune, and the Missoula, Mont., Independent.
If the union is recognized by Tronc voluntarily, or wins it in a vote overseen by federal labor regulators, the guild would represent about 280 nonmanagement employees at the Tribune, its sister Spanish-language daily, Hoy, the entertainment-oriented tabloid RedEye and four suburban publications.
Bad Bunny's Double Knockout: Our Favorite Latin Songs This Week
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the artist Courtesy of the artist
As the temperature outside climbs well into the 90s, we're getting a bit restless. Luckily, this week Bad Bunny released not one but two bangers to keep us moving, and his collaborator, Arcangel's old other-half De La Ghetto, released a love bop with Maluma and Wisin that will make you yearn for the simpler romances of childhood. Meanwhile, L.A. hometown heroes Inner Wave provide a silky synth wave ballad that will make you want to fall in love in someone's Honda Civic.
This playlist is part of a weekly Spotify series of NPR Music's favorite Latin songs that will be updated every Wednesday. Catch our weekly thoughts and hot takes here.
Rimas Music
Bad Bunny, "Estamos Bien"
The King Midas of Latin trap is inspiring those surrounded by negativity or post-hurricane conditions to stay golden with his new single "Estamos Bien." The homemade music video, shot in the artist's native Puerto Rico, is a mandatory watch, featuring el conejo malo in the directing, shooting and starring roles. "Since we're on vacation, I didn't want to bother anyone, so I filmed the music video myself," the Latin trap artist wrote in an Instagram post.
The unannounced single doesn't sound like the usual chart-topping Bad Bunny songs that we've been listening to in the last year. The track embraces the trap in Latin trap and skews from more reggaeton-inspired sounds to SoundCloud rap beats and samples. The lyrics resonate among the thousands of Puerto Ricans that still remain without power or electricity with lines like, "Even if there's still no power at my house / thank God I still have my health (Amen)." Although Bad Bunny has been blowing up all over the world and has collaborated with rap giant Cardi B and even WWE-legend Ric Flair, his DIY music video shows he hasn't forgotten where he comes from. — Coral Murphy
Warner Music Group Latina
De La Ghetto feat. Maluma & Wisin, "Todo El Amor"
It's not summer without a good old-fashioned reggaeton romantico to pine over. All the major players in Latin pop (as on last week's "Casualidad" from Nacho and Ozuna) have been collaborating to create this year's is-it-love-or-Don-Q? soundtrack, and De La Ghetto's "Todo El Amor" is no exception. The music video depicts the three artists as kids rapping adorably over a flashback of De La Ghetto's abuelo giving him a magic ring that will bring him to the love of his life (The magical realism tradition of Latin American art is strong, even in reggaeton). Later, an adult De La Ghetto FaceTimes his two collaborators to tell him of his engagement with the ring. It's all very cute — that is, until Maluma, a modern Adonis, says "Siempre chulitos / Nunca feitos," a statement straight out of the Instagram caption of that dude you like who keeps flaunting other girls on his yacht to spite you specifically. — Stefanie Fernández
Sony Music Latin
Arcangel feat. Bad Bunny, "Original"
Arcangel's latest single with Bad Bunny embodies the "how to spot fake Gucci" Google search culture. The Latin trap artists make clear that they're far from that culture, since everything they own is "original," never fake. The single is off Arcangel's new album Ares, expected to be released by mid-July. This is definitely one of the songs you'll hear at a marquesina party this summer blasting off the speakers installed in the trunk of your friend's car. — Coral Murphy
Inner Wave feat. Bane's World, "Whoa"
Inner Wave
Strange things are afoot in the suburbs of Los Angeles. The same growing movement that gave rise to self-produced independent Chicano artists like Cuco (who you can spot on the single cover) gave birth to Inner Wave, a five-piece synth wave band from Inglewood, Calif. composed of friends that met at church when they were 13. The band's newest single with Bane's World, "Whoa," features silky vocals over 8-bit chip tune beats that remind me of the video games of my youth like Animal Crossing (though these guys would give K.K. Slider a run for his money.) While "Whoa" promises big things coming out of Southern California, Inner Wave will make you want to dive into the warm summer afternoon sounds of your own hometown music scene. — Stefanie Fernández
Kate Vargas
Kate Vargas, "7 Inches"
Kate Vargas lives in New York, but she is originally from New Mexico, the Land of Enchantment. But the translated "Tierra del Encanto" is a better reflection of Vargas' music because encanto reflects the possibilities of a deeper spiritual or even supernatural tinge.
"7 Inches" from June is a great introduction to Vargas' raggedly delicate vocals and the kind of sonic landscape that conjures other worlds. Her poetic lyricism is rooted in the folklore and storytelling of that area where the landscape oozes a sense of magical possibilities. Vargas pulls us in on what may be her most complete musical statement to date. Her album For The Wolfish & Wandering will be released on July 27. — Felix Contreras
This playlist is updated weekly.
Emergencies don't come knocking on your door. That's why the most financial planners advise setting up an emergency corpus. Some even suggest a separate contingency corpus.
Contingency and emergency funds
Contingencies and emergencies are short-term expenses, though there is a very thin line between them. Emergencies such as hospitalisation come unannounced, either for us or our dependants. A contingency expense is something that is likely to happen, for which you need to set aside money, like a court case or a possible tax liability. You can also set up a contingency fund if you think you will take a break from your work sometime in future. Many financial planners suggest building just one corpus to cover your contingencies and emergencies, but some suggest separate funds.
How to build
Let's assume you want to put everything in a single pot. Draw up your monthly expenses. A thumb rule is to have six months' worth of expenses in this kitty. This includes not just your expenses on daily use items like groceries and petrol, but also your ongoing loan repayment instalments and systematic investment plans (SIPs). A break from work or an emergency or contingency should, ideally, not cause a break in your investment plan. You can also target an absolute figure, say, Rs3-5 lakh.
The idea behind an emergency or contingency corpus is that the principal should be as safe as possible. Returns are not important, but you can certainly earn a bit more than what your savings bank account gives. Many banks offer fixed deposits linked to your savings account where you can transfer money over and above a certain limit so that it earns a higher interest rate. You can also start an SIP in a liquid fund till you have enough in your emergency kitty.
Keep in mind
The biggest mistake is not having an emergency corpus at all. You may have a health insurance policy, life insurance and other insurance covers too, but remember that even the best policies will not pay for incidentals.
Never confuse liquidity with emergency corpus. A Mumbai-based financial planner said often his clients, who invest in shares, don't understand the need for an emergency corpus. Equity shares are investments, which should not be liquidated to meet emergency needs.
Inadequate planning could also force you to borrow. Interest payments could affect your cash flow.
Soon after the raid of Michael Cohen's office, home, and hotel room, I suggested that Attorney General Sessions now has a role in Trump-related DOJ investigations. This was my analysis:
[Sessions] recused himself from “any existing or future investigations of any matters related in any way to the campaigns for President of the United States.” This covers the payment made by Cohen to Stormy Daniels during the campaign, even though Sessions almost certainly had no involvement in, or knowledge, of that payment. But the recusal may not extend to other matters as to which the SDNY U.S. Attorney might be investigating Cohen. Indeed, Mueller himself concluded that these matters, whatever they are, fall outside the scope of his Russia-campaign investigation. This suggests that any non-Stormy matters for which Cohen is being targeted do, indeed, fall outside of Sessions' recusal. If so, Sessions can involve himself.
Sessions apparently agrees. According to this report from Bloomberg, he has decided against recusing himself from the investigation into Michael Cohen, but will consider stepping back from specific questions tied to the probe.
The Bloomberg report implies that Sessions' decision is motivated by the displeasure President Trump has expressed over the attorney general's recusal from the Russia investigation. It ignores the fact that that decision does not entail a full recusal from the Cohen investigation. Nor does the Bloomberg report offer any reason why Sessions should fully recuse himself in this instance.
In fact, Sessions should not recuse himself. It's his job to oversee, at least nominally, all criminal investigations conducted by the Department of Justice. There's an exception for investigations that pertain to him, such as an investigation of Russian influence in a political campaign in which he served and in which he had contacts (albeit slight) with the Russian ambassador.
But that exception apparently doesn't apply to much (or maybe any) of the investigation of Cohen. Thus, the premise of any claim that Sessions should fully recuse himself from this investigation appears to be that Sessions works for Trump and used to be his friend. However, the attorney general always works for the president, and presidents frequently appoint friends to the post (e.g., President Obama and Eric Holder; President Kennedy and his brother Robert, etc).
The real premise of an argument for recusal is that normal rules don't apply to this president and his appointees — that they are not entitled to exercise the full power of their offices. Indeed, this is the premise of much of what the Resistance argues, including to the Supreme Court in the travel ban case.
It's a profoundly anti-democratic argument — the kind one has come to expect from the modern American left.
WATCH: Toronto Officer Praised For Restraint In Standoff With Suspected Van Driver
Enlarge this image toggle caption Cole Burston/Getty Images Cole Burston/Getty Images
The man suspected of killing at least 10 people on Monday by plowing a rented white van down crowded Toronto sidewalks appeared in court Tuesday morning and has been charged with 10 counts of murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
And the Toronto police officer who arrested Alek Minassian, who during a tense standoff repeatedly yelled that he wanted the officer to shoot him, is receiving wide praise for his restraint. The CBC says the officer has been identified as Constable Ken Lam.
In video shot by bystanders, the suspect stands next to the battered white van and draws what looks to be a weapon (police later said he had no weapon on him, according to the Toronto Star).
Toronto Star YouTube
The officer is pointing a gun at him. "Get down!" Lam is heard saying. "Kill me!" says the suspect, claiming that he has a gun in his pocket. "I don't care, get down!" the officer replies. "Get down or you'll be shot."
"Shoot me in the head," the suspect says. The officer continues to urge him to get down. Seconds later, the video shows the suspect on the ground as the officer puts him in handcuffs. Lam did not fire any shots.
Mike McCormack, president of the Toronto Police Association, said he believes the officer prevented further carnage, the Star reports.
"He's shaken up by the whole thing, and shaken up by the magnitude. He said, 'You know, I was just doing my job,' " McCormack said. "He's been confronted by someone who is making like he has a weapon, threatening the officer's life, trying to get the officer to shoot him, and he arrests that guy."
Ralph Goodale, Canada's minister of public safety and emergency preparedness, said on Twitter that he was "grateful for the brave and professional response of @TorontoPolice and other first responders to the horrific attack at Yonge and Finch," the streets where the attack took place.
Star columnist Rosie DiManno describes the officer as "remarkably composed."
"All the fingerprints of suicide by cop," she writes. "But the officer didn't shoot and the suspect dropped to his knees, flinging his arms in the air."
DiManno adds: "On a day of many heroes, that brave cop is at the top of the list, along with the many first responders, paramedics and hospital resources stretched to the limits."
The CBC reports that this incident "stands in contrast to footage of other police takedowns in Toronto that haven't ended peacefully." Here's more:
"The Toronto Police Service was widely criticized for its handling of the Sammy Yatim case in 2013 that led to Const. James Forcillo's conviction for attempted murder in the shooting death of the 18-year-old. Forcillo is appealing his sentence of six years in prison. ... "Members of the Toronto Police Services Board passed a motion in February to issue hundreds of more conducted energy weapons (CEWs), or Tasers, to certain on-duty constables. The move is billed as a way to help the police force achieve a goal of zero deaths when it comes to interactions between the public and police. "Part of the approved motion also requires the TPS to conduct a review of other use-of-force options and gather input from the public and affected groups."
The motive in Monday's van attack is unclear, although police told reporters yesterday that they believe the rampage was deliberate. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday that there is no evidence the incident "has a national security element," according to the CBC.
× Amazon's idea for employee-tracking wearables raises concerns
A warehouse worker reaches for a high shelf, a wristband wrapped around each arm. The company-issued wearables track the location of every product the employee handles while occasionally vibrating to guide their movements.
The scene is just a drawing from a pair of patents Amazon won for tracking wristbands. The gadgets aren't in use in any of Amazon's fulfillment centers, but news that Amazon has considered wearables has raised concerns about workplace surveillance.
Amazon wouldn't say if technology based on the patents was in development or being manufactured. The patents were published Wednesday, though Amazon first submitted them two years ago.
If such a system were to be implemented, it could further strain the company's relationships with its workers.
“It could impact employee anxiety, morale and overall work culture,” said Kate Bischoff, owner of tHRive, an employment law and HR consulting firm.
Amazon warehouse employees have complained of difficult working conditions for years. Issues raised include intense pressure to reach goals and work faster, strictly enforced rules, short breaks, low morale, and physically demanding work for low pay.
In the patent descriptions, the tracking devices are carefully described as a way to collect data about inventory, not individual employees.
“The speculation about this patent is misguided,” an Amazon spokesperson told CNN Tech. “This idea, if implemented in the future, would improve the process for our fulfillment associates. By moving equipment to associates' wrists, we could free up their hands from scanners and their eyes from computer screens.”
The system would use ultrasonic pulses — pitches too high for human ears to detect — to connect with inventory modules on bins to track a worker's hands. Vibrations would communicate information to the wearer, such as alerting someone when they put something in the wrong bin.
The system could simplify the current warehouse workflows. Amazon has its “pickers” stand in front of shelves and move items into bins, tracking each with a handheld barcode scanner.
Any wearable could collect a lot of personal information about an employee, even unintentionally. They could gather detailed information about a worker's every move — when they go to the restroom, if they slow down at certain times of day, how often they stop and rest.
“It's always really helpful to know those productivity numbers and know how fast people work,” said Bischoff. “But to get it on such a granular level by employee — that's going to create mass anxiety and it's going to make it difficult to hire and retain employees.”
There is also the potential for gathering information that could put the employer at risk, said Bischoff.
In theory, a company could fire a worker if their wearable found they were performing tasks slower than co-workers. If the issue was cased by an on-the-job injury or existing disability, the company could end up breaking federal and state laws.
Making employment decisions based on any collected biometric data could violate the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act.
“I understand some employees might embrace it in a physically demanding position if you would help them do their jobs more efficiently with less effort. But at this point in time, I have more questions than answers about how it will be used,” said Paula Brantner, senior advisor at Workplace Fairness, an employee rights organization.
Last summer, a Wisconsin technology company, Three Square Market, said more than 50 employees agreed to receive microchip implants to get through secure doors and purchase food. The concept sparked some backlash.
Amazon warehouse workers have so far been unable to unionize. If they were in a union, workers would likely be able to bargain over the use of any proposed surveillance technology.
Some states like Connecticut have laws that restrict employee surveillance or require companies to notify employees of any monitoring.
Amazon is constantly trying out new innovation and technology at its warehouses. It has already successfully automated large amounts of traditionally human tasks with its custom robots.
With or without the wearable devices, the company's warehouses will likely introduce other high-tech ways to increase productivity. Perhaps using more robots, who don't mind surveillance.
Update: This story was updated from its original version to include Amazon's statement.
Heather Kelly, CNN Money
"There's no question about it. The amount of publicity, beginning with the NFL and what you see on national news, has caused concern among parents," said Bob Gardner, the NFHS executive director. "Probably some who would have been more inclined to let their young men play, maybe are making different decisions now."
A study published last month in the medical journal Translational Psychiatry showed that kids who played football before age 12 were more than twice as likely to have mood and behaviour problems.
The news hasn't escaped the parents at Centennial, one of the top-rated public high schools in Maryland, where 97 per cent of students goes on to college after they graduate. Just 10 per cent of students qualifies for free or reduced-price meals, an indicator of poverty.
"Families around here are more into academics," Zach said.
Maryland is one of 14 states where participation in football was down 10 per cent or more over the past five years, according to NFHS data. In all, 41 states saw a decline between the 2011-12 and 2016-17 school years, and just nine states and the District of Columbia saw increases.
In West Windsor Township, New Jersey, which borders Princeton University and has a median household income of $137,000, one of the two public high schools dropped varsity football this year, and the other might have to do the same next year.
Trinity High School in Manchester, New Hampshire, also disbanded its varsity team, with hopes that it could return in a lower division next year.
At the first practice, the team "had three seniors, one junior, 12 sophomores and one freshman," athletic director Chip Polak told the New Hampshire Union Leader in August. "Two of the seniors have never played any kind of organized football and the other senior is dealing with concussion symptoms."
In Ventura County, California, northeast of Los Angeles, Thousand Oaks High School disbanded its junior-varsity team this season because it needed sophomores and juniors to fill out the varsity roster. In Marin County, north of San Francisco, Novato High School announced that it wouldn't field a varsity team this year, but the program got a last-minute reprieve when more athletes than expected showed up for practice.
The decline in participation isn't just limited to wealthy, coastal communities. Among the states where participation is down more than 10 per cent are Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Wisconsin and Illinois. Population in Illinois has also declined over that period, while in Michigan and Wisconsin it has only grown slightly.
Researchers at the University of Colorado, who studied data from the NFHS and the Census, said in an analysis published Sept. 26 that high school football participation peaked in 2009 before beginning a decline that is likely to continue.
The NFL is paying attention to the numbers and trying to find ways to get kids playing the sport.
"It is important for kids to play sports because it's healthy, it's fun, and they learn important values," NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said. "Of course, we think football is the best team sport and we aim to ensure there are a range options for young players today — both tackle and flag."
While participation in tackle football is down, flag football is becoming more popular. Participation in the NFL Flag program run by USA Football for kids ages 6-17 increased by 66 per cent from 2013 to 2016, with 385,000 kids playing last year.
In high schools, the expense of the sport and increasing specialization by young athletes are also factors. And while football is declining, other sports are growing, among them soccer and lacrosse. But football is different because it remains the nation's most popular spectator sport, and schools expect to sell tickets on Friday nights.
"The key thing about football is that it's such an important part of the financial picture of schools. Some of these schools rely on the attendance in high school football to pay for these other sports," Gardner said. "While we certainly applaud the growth of all sports, we remain vigilant about what's going on in football because of the economic impact."
Around the Centennial football program, there is optimism that varsity football could return next year if the JV team can put together a reasonably competitive season. The team has a strong freshman class, some of whom have never played organized football before.
Toward the end of the 2-hour practice, coaches wanted the first-team defence to get some full-speed reps. That required some creativity.
"If you're not on first-team defence, I need 11 of you to make an offence," an assistant coach barked. "I need a running back, I need a fullback, I need five linemen, I need a tight end, I need two wide receivers. Let's go!"
___
Follow Ben Nuckols on Twitter at https://twitter.com/APBenNuckols .
By Ben Nuckols, The Associated Press
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Royal Wedding will be broadcast live in Cambridge's Market Square.
On Saturday, May 19, fans will be able to watch as Prince Harry and his bride Meghan Markle say 'I do' on the big screen.
A fun-filled street party will take place alongside the screening to mark the happy occassion.
Patriotic bunting, street food and pop-up stalls are all expected to line the Market Square.
The Royal Wedding screening coincides with the return of Cambridge Night Market, a free family-friendly event hosted by Cambridge BID.
(Image: PA Wire/PA Images)
Delivered under the BID's new ‘Love Cambridge' brand, the summer season of Night Markets will open with a two-day event.
On Friday, May 18, the much-loved children's film Sing will be aired at 6.30pm followed by hit comedy Meet The Parents at 8.30pm - a gentle nod to the wedding happening the following day.
Keep to up to date with What's On in Cambridgeshire To keep up to date with all the latest events, entertainment and everything you love about Cambridge, give our What's On Facebook page a like. We will tell you everything you need to know about family activities, food and drink, one off events and things to do around the county over the holidays. You will be kept informed of new shops and restaurants coming to the area, and the best in-store offers, deals and news. We also write more lighthearted positive pieces about why we #lovecambridge. We publish your pictures and videos too, so make sure to message us wit your stories. Like the Cambridge News What's On Facebook page here.
As with previous screenings, these events are free to the public.
Limited seating is provided on a first-come-first-served basis.
Owing to the popularity of previous events, people are recommended to come early and/or bring their own portable chairs.
The continental-style Night Market will once again be held on the Friday night with more than 50 local businesses and pop-ups selling a variety of street food, beverages, clothing and unique gifts.
Becky Burrell, marketing and commercial manager at Cambridge BID, said: “These events were so popular last year that there was no question of us returning with a second summer season.
"They are fun for all the family and, as a result, will be happening regularly every month over the summer. We have some fantastic movie bills lined up, which we will be announcing shortly.
"We look forward to seeing lots of familiar faces and welcoming even more new ones!”
About the Royal Wedding
(Image: BBC)
The Royal Wedding will take place at St George's Chapel in Windsor Castle.
The chapel can accommodate around 800 guests, with thousands expected to flock to Windsor on the big day.
The Sun reports that floral designer Philippa Craddock will provide the flowers including a posy of white garden roses, foxgloves and peonies.
While the cake will be provided by pastry chef Claire Ptak, owner of London based, Violet Bakery. The cake will be flavoured with lemon and elderflower.
(Image: Dominic Lipinski/PA Wire)
And the royal couple have some unexpected surprises up their sleeves for guests to the wedding.
According to The Mirror, once the Queen has excused herself, the young couple plan to give the guests a reception they will 'never forget'.
The reception, which will be held at Frogmore House, will include unlimited alcohol, burger vans, and a private performance from grime artist Stormzy.
We can't wait for the broadcasting, and expect fans will be turning up in their droves to watch the pair get wed.
Al Shabaab, which has carried out a campaign of suicide bombings in its bid to topple the Somali government and impose its strict interpretation of Islam, claimed responsibility. Photo: AFP
Mogadishu: A suicide bomber rammed into a hotel in the centre of the Somali capital Mogadishu on Wednesday, killing at least nine people, police and witnesses said.
The attack was claimed by militant Islamist group al Shabaab.
Gunfire followed the attack on the Posh Hotel, the only venue with a discotheque in the capital, a Reuters witness said.
Witnesses said the whole district was cordoned off by police, and that sporadic gunfire could still be heard.
“The suicide car bomb targeted its entrance. There is gunfire inside the hotel, but I am not sure if fighters are inside,” Moahmed Hussein, a police officer, said.
Gunmen stormed a restaurant adjacent to the hotel, another police officer said, but was unable to provide details.
Al Shabaab, which has carried out a campaign of suicide bombings in its bid to topple the Somali government and impose its strict interpretation of Islam, claimed responsibility.
“A mujahid (fighter) with his suicide car bomb martyred himself after he rammed into Posh Hotel, which is a nightclub. The operation goes on,” Abdiasis Abu Musab, the group's military spokesman, told Reuters
Since losing large swathes of territory to African Union peacekeepers supporting the government, the group has frequently launched raids and deadly attacks in Mogadishu and other regions controlled by the federal government.
Somalia has been at war since 1991, when clan-based warlords overthrew dictator Siad Barre and then turned on each other. Reuters
It's the question you were too afraid to Google: How do you describe the dirty yet inexplicably cool style that's been co-opted by beloved Hollywood sleazebags like Pete Davidson, Justin Bieber, Diplo and Shia LaBeouf?
For better or worse, if you follow pop culture, you probably know the aesthetic we're talking about. There's a heavy dose of Hawaiian print shirts, a touch of man jewelry strewn over tattoos he got "just because," and a sprinkling of hypebeast merch and streetwear logos. The color palette consists of neons as well as "unwashed gym tee" heather grays.
And now, thanks to Kenzie Bryant over at Vanity Fair, we have an exact name for the men whose style fits this description. We introduce to you, the scumbro. (Please accept our humble apologies.)
Robert Kamau/Getty Images
Okay, I need a better explanation.
The term scumbro, a cousin of other slang we accidentally-on-purpose adopted—like "lit" and "Big Dick Energy"—is a term that only found reason to be born into existence in the year 2018.
Writes Bryant, "It's a catchall for the R.E.I.-clad trustafarian co-ed meets Supreme ... scumbro is the version of streetwear that wears irony like it's a dewy hint of highlighter on the cheekbone—like normcore did, but much less precious. The scumbro wears Patagonia and Crocs but also the latest Adidas limited drop."
Gotham/Getty Images
Essentially, a scumbro is a lowkey hypebeast, one who wears streetwear brands with an ironic almost-detachment. From afar, he looks like that kid from college who showered once a week. Up close? He's dripping in brand names. So yes, he's also dropping a lot of dough on his wardrobe.
Tell me more about Pete Davidson's role in all of this.
Hitching the look to the rise of Davidson might seem questionable if your knowledge of Davidson has been limited to his role as Ariana Grande's jumbo-sized arm candy. After all, you might be thinking, didn't Queer Eye's Tan France just give him an SNL style makeover not long ago? The answer is, yes, but when Davidson described his style as "guido trash," he was being a bit modest.
As Bryant writes, before he became half of one of the world's most curious couples, he was regularly wearing Supreme, Yeezy and even Gucci while delivering his self-deprecating monologues as SNL's "Resident Young Person" on the show's Weekend Update segments.
Wait, was Ariana Grande involved?
Nah. Davidson's been on this grind for months.
Robert Kamau/Getty Images
So, is this like, "a thing."
Yes. Sorry.
Who are other scumbros?
Besides the aforementioned scumbros like Bieber (whose scumbro-yness is elevated when he's rocking that tiny stache) and LaBeouf, whose style has been chronicled by the likes of GQ, Complex and this Instagram account for years, we also have Jonah Hill.
Say Cheese!/Getty Images
Raymond Hall/Getty Images
Can anyone be a scumbro?
The short answer? No. Part of what gives scumbros the ability to pull of their dirty teenager look is their Big Dick Energy, sure—but it's also tied up in their celebrity.
Writes Bryant, "Even though Shia shops vintage, or dumpster dives for his clothes for all we know, he's Shia. You're just Kevin. Kevin from Milwaukee."
The more you know.
The Old Poets Corner in Ashover is known the length and breadth of the country for its real ales - and the food there isn't bad too.
You cannot fail to avoid the traditional country pub with its distinctive mock-Tudor appearance if you're passing through the picturesque village on the edge of the Peak District.
Buyouts coming to your agency? Senior Correspondent Mike Causey tells you what you need to know before you go.
Update: PlayStation's previously leaked 5.00 software update has arrived and, as expected, it's brought good news for Twitch streamers in the form of 1080p 60fps streaming.
There are also some nice additions for fans of eSports, including Team Tournaments. This feature can be found in the events section of your main PS4 menu and allows you to put together teams (up to 60 of them) to compete for prizes and status.
At the moment the only games which support Team Tournaments are Uncharted 4, Uncharted: Lost Legacy, World of Tanks and Mantis Burn Racing. However, PlayStation has said more titles will be added soon.
As detailed in the leak and beta release, there are also some new follower, messaging, privacy and family safety features to explore.
To be honest, though, the most convenient change is the ability to turn off pop up notifications while you're watching video. That's the kind of focus on the entertainment experience we like to see.
Original article continues below...
Though we don't know when exactly it'll be it is inevitable that there's going to be a 5.0 firmware update for the PlayStation 4 and details of what changes it's going to bring have been leaked online.
Eurogamer, which claims to have secured a copy of the release notes, reports that 1080p 60 fps streaming via Twitch will be supported for PS4 Pro owners in this new update. This adds another 1080p exclusive to the Pro, which already supports 1080p Remote and Share Play.
Another big change, for all PS4 owners rather than just Pro owners, is that it'll be possible to follow any user account and not just verified and official accounts.
This brings PlayStation's following system more in line with the Xbox One's and Sony say the decision has been made to “encourage more sharing of content and more interactions” among users and “boost the viral potential of UGC” for developers.
Share and share alike
Of course, allowing players to interact with anyone means privacy controls will have to be improved. As a result it'll be also possible for players to decide if they want anyone to be able to follow them or whether they want the option to only be available to their existing friends. It'll also be possible to block users entirely.
Continuing on the theme of increased security, changes will also be made to the console's account system. Now if you have sub or child accounts on your main console you'll be able to create a family account in which adult accounts will be able to act in a parent/guardian role and set parental controls on an account-by-account basis.
That means if you have children of a wide range of ages with accounts on the same console you can appropriately tailor their communication, content and spending permissions.
A new web application will also be released to manage these family accounts, meaning you won't have to be on the console itself to access the parental controls and will be able to do so from your PC or smartphone.
Finally, there'll be a multitude of smaller changes such as making system notifications and upload/download statuses visible from the Quick Menu so you don't need to trek back to your Home screen when you want to check on them.
As well as these push notifications for events will be introduced, spectator comments will appear on screen when broadcasting in VR mode and there'll be support for 7 more languages.
At the moment, Sony hasn't confirmed these details or confirmed an official release date for the 5.0 firmware but Eurogamer reports that it'll be launched in the near future alongside an overhauled and improved Playstation App.
Suspect In NYC Blast Was Wearing 'Low-Tech' Device New York City was rocked Monday by an explosion in the subway beneath the Port Authority. Authorities report a single suspect in custody, and no life-threatening injuries.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One phone call, that's all it took to rob a couple of their life ­savings.
The crooks posed as the fraud department from a high street bank to snare their victims.
They make hundreds of calls like this every day and most of them thankfully fail.
But every so often they'll get a bite, often when they catch their intended victim in a moment of weakness.
That certainly describes John Williams, who could think of little else but his wife Carol, suffering from late-stage lung cancer, and their plans to buy a small ­apartment to spend their final days together by the sea.
It was around 7pm on a weekday. John had put Carol to bed and was having a little time to himself when their landline rang.
According to the phone's caller ID, the call was from Santander.
(Image: Chris Tinsley/WALES NEWS SERVICE)
John had no idea that the more sophisticated of these gangs use “spoofing” techniques to mimic calls from other numbers, the technology didn't exist when he was in work as a phone engineer.
The caller used the name ­Christopher and is described by John as well-spoken and Asian.
He asked some basic security questions including date of birth and the last four digits on his bank card, which John answered, assuming that he was talking to Santander.
“Christopher” told John that there had been an unusual transaction and a payment of £15,000 would leave his account first thing in the morning if action was not taken, followed by two other payments totalling £38,000.
Smooth-talking Christopher asked for remote access to John's computer and helped him set up a supposed safe account, where his savings could be kept until the issue was resolved.
“I was a little panicked at the time so I allowed them to do it,” says John, from Newbridge in Caerphilly, South Wales.
“However, I became ­suspicious and called Santander customer services on my mobile, using the number that was showing on the laptop.
“Unbeknown to me this was a false page that the scammers had produced once they took control of my laptop, so I spoke to his ­accomplice.”
(Image: iStock Unreleased)
Naturally, the accomplice agreed that John should move his money to the “safe account”.
Still concerned, John called Santander again, this time using the genuine number that he'd previously written down.
He was warned that he was being scammed and given a one-time ­password.
But the well-practised crooks were ready for this, and told John that they needed the password and any delay in moving the money to the safe account could result in him losing everything.
The phone call had now lasted around two hours. Exhausted, bamboozled and not knowing which Santander speaker was real or fake, John revealed the password.
Almost immediately £53,000 was stolen in three amounts, moved into accounts at two other banks, which were swiftly emptied.
The money had come from the sale of a house in Tenerife that they could no longer use because they couldn't get insurance to travel. The couple were planning to use it to buy an apartment in Weston-Super-Mare.
Santander is refusing to reimburse John, saying: “We are sympathetic to Mr and Mrs Williams' situation and to all who suffer distress at the hands of criminals who carry out scams.
“Unfortunately, despite clear ­warnings not to, Mr Williams gave away confidential security details to the fraudsters which enabled them access to his account.”
It added: “We welcome the involvement of the media to help raise awareness of scams. We hope it will reinforce our own campaigns to protect and educate customers and remind them to follow our specific guidance about avoiding scams when using online banking.
"Alongside this we continue to work closely with the authorities, other partners and the industry to combat fraud, as well as helping the police to ensure the criminals who cause such misery are brought to justice.”
John responds: “I spoke to Santander when the scammers were about to transfer the money.
“They had an opportunity to recognise the fraud and could have stopped it.
“I understand that I broke Santander's code of practice by revealing the one-time password, however large sums of money being paid out should flag up on the fraud detection systems, especially when it is irregular behaviour.”
President @GeorgeHWBush continues to be talkative and in good spirits as doctors @SMHCHealth address his blood pressure. Those treatments are expected to take several more days. — Jim McGrath (@jgm41) May 30, 2018
EMBED >More News Videos President George H.W. Bush's stay at the Southern Maine Healthcare Hospital for fatigue and low blood pressure is supposed to be solely for observation, according to his staff.
Former president George H.W. Bush is talkative and in good spirits as he continues to undergo treatment for low blood pressure, spokesperson Jim McGrath said Wednesday. Bush was admitted to Southern Maine Healthcare Hospital for fatigue and low blood pressure on Sunday.In this latest tweet from McGrath, he said that Bush's treatment is expected to last for the next several days.This comes a little more than a month after his wife and former first lady Barbara Bush died and weeks after he was discharged from a Houston hospital.Bush and his family are in Kennebunkport, Maine, where they have traditionally spent the summer.More than a summer home, Maine has been there every summer of his life, except the years he spent fighting World War II.He arrived this year on May 20. Tourists outside the compound were hoping for a fast recovery for the 93-year-old.At the time on Monday, the only word from Bush himself or his staff was in a tweet: "Very much regret missing the Memorial Day parade today in Kennebunkport, and am forever grateful not only to those patriots who made the ultimate sacrifice for our Nation -- but also the Gold Star families whose heritage is imbued with their honor and heroism."It is classic Bush style turning attention from him to others, even as admirers across the country keep an eye on a hospital room.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street star Antony Cotton WILL skate this weekend despite fracturing ribs in a horror crash.
The 42-year-old collapsed on the ice in agony when a move with dance partner Brandee Malto went wrong in training on Wednesday and looked to be initially out of the competition.
Brandee admitted she was "so scared" and feared she had "killed" the soap actor because we are unable to breathe.
Brave Antony, who confirmed he is already back in training with the help of painkillers, vowed to perform on Sunday as he has "never phoned in sick" during his whole career.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Speaking on This Morning, Antony said: "First of all it's my choice and I want to carry on. It's front and back [ribs].
"It was nobody's fault, there were two of us in this tango. We fell backwards and Brandi fell on top and crushed me.
"In all my career I've never phoned in sick one, not ever."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: ITV)
Brandee said: "I was so scared. I really thought I'd killed him because he couldn't breathe. He was laying on the ice telling me to get help. I was happy that he took a breath but I didn't want to leave him."
The Corrie star explained that he spent 10 minutes on the ice in the middle of the rink before being rushed to hospital.
Despite the "horrendous pain" he is determined to carry on so that his and Brandee's hard work doesn't go to waste.
(Image: ITV)
Antony revealed there was no one around to help so he was "snatching breaths" to make sure people knew he was still conscious.
He said: "It happened very quickly. I knew we were going down. I thought I didn't want to bang my head as were were going down with some force. I cradled Brandee and we crashed.
"I knew it was bad but the worst part was I physically couldn't breathe."
(Image: ITV)
In a statement given on Thursday night, Antony explained exactly what happened.
Antony said: “Brandee and I were training for this week's show when we lost our balance and both fell backwards onto the ice.
"Luckily, Brandee was uninjured but I was taken to hospital where I discovered I had fractured a couple of ribs, front and back.
“I'd like to thank the staff at Silver Blades ice rink in Widnes, the doctor and nurse at The Alexandra Hospital in Cheadle, and Brandee, who never left my side throughout.”
He added: “The show must go on and as such, we are going to do our best to continue in the Dancing on Ice competition this Sunday.
"Hopefully the painkillers and sequins will see us through.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Antony has improved slightly having been one of the weakest performers and managed a score of 20 at the weekend which got him to seventh place out of 11 on the leaderboard.
But this injury will restrict the amount of lifts he can do and could make it harder to avoid the skate off.
An ITV spokesman said: “Antony fell on the ice during training and as a precaution was taken to a nearby hospital.
"He has since been released and is now resting ahead of the live show this weekend.”
*Dancing On Ice airs on Sunday at 6pm on ITV
Taylor Swift Wins Sexual Assault Lawsuit Against Former Radio Host
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Sciulli/Getty Images John Sciulli/Getty Images
A Denver jury found fully in pop singer Taylor Swift's favor Monday, delivering a unanimous verdict in a trial over whether she was groped by a former radio host during a Denver meet-and-greet. Wanting the trial to serve as an "example to other women," the star had sought a single dollar in damages, which she was granted.
In his closing statements, Swift's lawyer Douglas Baldridge referenced the example that Swift hoped her suit could be for others in similar situations "by returning a verdict on Ms. Swift's counterclaim for a single dollar — a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
In his own closing arguments, David Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland wondered why his client would introduce himself by name and then almost immediately after, reach under the skirt of "one of the planet's, one of the country's, the biggest superstars?"
The case was largely fought on the credibility of Swift and Mueller.
Late this past Friday, a federal judge threw out part of the case brought against Swift by Mueller, saying he had not proved Swift had set out to get him fired.
Swift countersued Mueller for sexual assault after his own suit was filed in 2015, leading to the Denver trial, which began jury selection last Monday. Swift initially had sought to keep the incident quiet.
By Friday, most of the principals in the case had been heard from — most notably Swift herself, who had several sharp rejoinders to questions from Mueller's attorney. Asked about Mueller's firing, Swift responded: "I am not going to allow your client to make me feel like it is any way my fault, because it isn't."
President Trump Vows To 'Liberate' U.S. From Opioid Crisis
Enlarge this image toggle caption Spencer Platt/Getty Images Spencer Platt/Getty Images
President Trump outlined a wide-ranging plan to combat the opioid epidemic on Monday, including an ad campaign to discourage drug use, expand addiction treatment and pursue a get-tough approach to law enforcement.
"Whether you are a dealer or doctor or trafficker or a manufacturer, if you break the law and illegally peddle these deadly poisons, we will find you, we will arrest you, and we will hold you accountable," Trump told an audience in Manchester, N.H.
"Failure is not an option," he added. "Addiction is not our future."
The speech comes five months after the president declared opioid abuse a public health emergency. The president has discussed opioids repeatedly, including during a summit earlier this month, and has created a commission to tackle the issue. But many proposals remain in progress or unaddressed.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions was in the audience as Trump spoke and applauded the president's focus on law enforcement.
"At the Department of Justice, we have made ending the drug epidemic a priority," Sessions said in a statement. "We will continue to aggressively prosecute drug traffickers and we will use federal law to seek the death penalty wherever appropriate."
Trump conceded that not all Americans would be "ready" for such a crackdown, but he promised to push for it.
"Unless you have really, really powerful penalties, led by the death penalty for the really bad pushers and abusers, we are going to get nowhere," he said.
The president's plan also calls for expanded research into less-addictive pain killers and efforts to reduce the over-prescribing of opioids.
Before the speech, the president and first lady visited a Manchester fire house where they met with first responders, who are often called upon to treat overdose victims.
Trump praised the Adapt pharmaceutical company, which makes free and discounted samples of its anti-overdose medication, naloxone, available to schools and first responders.
Every day, Trump said, 116 Americans die from an opioid overdose. He said the death rate in New Hampshire is twice the national average.
"We will liberate our country from this crisis," Trump said. "And we will raise a drug-free generation of children."
New Delhi: While Indian cricket fans were enjoying Hardik Pandya's brutal onslaught over Sri Lanka's Malinda Pushpakumara at Pallekele, yesterday, they might have have missed out on what Aaron Finch did a few thousand miles away in England. 64-ball 114 may be enough for its description. But that isn't enough!
Surrey was up against Sussex at the Oval yesterday and Aaron Finch's blazing ton served as a wrecker in chief gifting Surrey some hope of reaching the knockout stage of NatWest T20 Blast. Opting to bat first, Surrey openers Jason Roy and Aaron Finch bolstered their side to an astounding start. The duo stitched a phenomenal 134-run stand in 95 deliveries with either batsman notching up their fifties.
The highlight of their show, however, remained the 18th over of their innings. David Wiese was into the attack. After securing a double on first delivery, the Aussie batsman dispatched the second one over mid-wicket, into the crowd; two more went over long-off, one soaring high over the cow-corner, finally ending the over with a chip over mid-off for a boundary. 30 runs from six deliveries. With those over-the-rope shots, Finch equalled his own team's record of seven sixes in a T20 match, which was previously held by Mark Ramprakash.
Watch the entire video here...
#SundayFunday for @AaronFinch5! A cracking , including this 30 off just one over pic.twitter.com/HtXs4crIyD — NatWest T20 Blast (@NatWestT20Blast) August 13, 2017
A few deliveries later he notched up his century, finally ending their innings with an unbeaten 114. The target of 193 runs seemed far too difficult to reach as Sussex faltered to 176 at the loss of seven wickets.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wildcard Katie Boulter booked her place in the second round with an impressive win over Veronica Cepede Royd.
The British No.4 won 6-4 5-7 6-4 against the Paraguayan in front of a packed out crowd on Court 14.
Boulter squandered a match point while 5-4 up in the second as Royd came back to take it 7-5. However, the 21-year-old won the decider to guarantee herself a minimum of £63k in prize money after seeing off the world No.123 in three sets.
“I just put my heart out there and luckily I got the win,” said the British No.3.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: PA)
“One thing about me that will never leave me is I will never give up no matter what the score and where I am. I came in here just wanting to play my game and do the best I can. I think that's what I did out there. I'm happy to get the win. It means a lot.”
Boulter, who hails from Leicester, was given a wildcard after her rise into the top 150 players in the world. She joins fellow Brits Katie Swan and Johanna Konta in the final 64.
Naomi Broady followed Roger Federer on to Centre Court on Monday to get a taste of the atmosphere, but the experience could not help her when she returned there on Tuesday.
The British No.4 lost 6-2 7-5 to defending champion Garbine Muguruza.
(Image: Reuters)
She said: “I did the walk-on just behind Roger just to see where I would be going, because Garbine has obviously done it a lot of times and I've never been on Centre.
“Just to hear the crowd as Roger went on, it was completely overwhelming. I was really glad I did it, because when I went on I was kind of prepared and ready for it.
“But I think it's definitely an advantage if you have played on there before and know what's coming.”
March 29 Mid Penn Bancorp Inc
* Mid Penn Bancorp - Announced signing of a merger agreement, calls for co to buy stock of Scottdale in a transaction valued at approximately $59.1 million
* Mid Penn Bancorp Inc - Co expects deal will be immediately accretive to tangible book value per share, will "materially increase their capital ratios"
* Mid Penn Bancorp - Under terms of agreement shareholders of Scottdale common stock will receive $1,166/share for each share - SEC Filing
* Mid Penn Bancorp Inc - Mid Penn has proposed that Donald F. Kiefer will be added to Mid Penn's board of directors upon completion of merger Source text: [bit.ly/2nkidsy] Further company coverage:
RILEY COUNTY — First responders with four agencies worked together Sunday night to rescue a group stranded on a sandbar due to low water levels on the Kansas River.
According to a social media report from the Riley County Police Department, the Manhattan Fire Department, Riley County EMS and the officials with the Kansas Department of Kansas Wildlife, Parks and Tourism combined their resources to rescue six adults and five children.
No injuries were reported.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – Homicide detectives with the St. Louis Metropolitan Police Department are looking for a man they said is connected to the shooting death of a 24-year-old woman.
According to police, the shooting happened shortly after 11 p.m. Sunday night at a home in the 1700 block of O' Fallon Street; that's in the Carr Square neighborhood.
Police found the victim, identified as Cierra Jackson, inside the home with multiple gunshot wounds to the torso. She was pronounced dead at the scene.
The investigation revealed that the shots came through the window.
Authorities said Jackson and the suspect, a 24-year-old unidentified man, had been involved in an ongoing domestic dispute.
Our Fox 2 news crew stopped by the Hardee's location on Hampton Avenue where Jackson was had been working for the last three months. Her co-workers, who declined to speak on camera, said Jackson was “sweet and nice, always had a smile on her face, and worked hard.”
One of the managers went on to say that the man whom police said might be connected to the homicide also worked for her at another Hardee's location for a month.
This is the second time in as many weeks that a young woman was found shot to death.
Such is the recent case of 23-year-old Alexis Winston of East St. Louis, who was shot several times. Her one-year-old daughter was home at the time, but she was uninjured.
The Major Case Squad of Greater St. Louis is investigating Winston's case.
The investigation into Jackson's case continues.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A number of products are being recalled by four of the UK's most popular stores due to an array of safety concerns.
The items have been pulled from shelves for a variety of reasons including harmful salmonella to fears of electrical faults, the Liverpool Echo reports.
Shops do not issue product recalls lightly, and anyone who has purchased any of these items should take them back to the store for a full refund.
Golden Sun Organic Grains
Lidl is recalling its Golden Sun Organic Grains (Amaranth) 500g because salmonella has been found in the product.
If you have bought the above product do not eat it. Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
Aldi Mini Fryer
The Ambiano brand Mini Fryer appliance sold in Aldi stores has been pulled from shelves, reports Cambridge News .
All colours of the appliance code 95760, with barcodes 20072452, 20072476 and 20072469, have a potential electrical fault.
A spokesman said: "Please do not use this product. Customers are asked to return this product to the nearest store, where a full refund will be given. We apologise for any inconvenience and thank you for your cooperation."
For further information, please visit www.aldi.co.uk or contact customer.service@aldi.co.uk
Primark cushions
A safety concern has seen Primark remove heart-shaped, sequin, supersoft and unicorn cushions from sale.
This is due to the stuffing not meeting their own safety guidelines on products on sale in UK stores from May 28, 2017 to February 13, 2018.
A spokesman said: "With the safety of our customers at the forefront of our minds we are asking you to return this item for a full refund."
Monolith (UK) vacuum-packed boiled smoked pig's ears
Monolith (UK) Ltd is recalling Rokiskio Mesine Pig's Ears boiled-smoked vacuum because Listeria monocytogenes has been found in the product.
All date codes and all batches are affected. Listeria can cause symptoms similar to flu and include high temperature, muscle ache or pain, chills, feeling or being sick and diarrhoea. In rare cases, the infection can be more severe, causing serious complications, such as meningitis.
A spokesman said: "If you have bought any of the above product do not eat it. Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund or phone Monolith (UK) Sales Team on 020 7540 0039."
Aycan Risotto Rice and Aycan Brown Rice
Aytac Foods recalled its Aycan Risotto Rice and Aycan Brown Rice due to a possible insect (weevil) infestation which made them unsafe to eat.
Waitrose cheesecake
(Image: Waitrose)
Waitrose has recalled its Waitrose New York Cheesecake because it may contain strands of plastic. The product weight is 540g and the 'use by' date includes all up to and including March 6, 2018.
Mouth Freshener
AKM Foods Limited has recalled Zaiqa GoGo Pan Masala Mouth Freshener because it contains Rhodamine B, an illegal dye which may pose a risk to health.
Ikea marshmallows
IKEA has recalled its GODIS PÅSKKYCKLING marshmallow candy due to possible mice infestation, which makes this product unsafe to eat. Ikea says if you have bought the above product, do not eat it. Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
Happy Shopper tomato ketchup
Booker is recalling Happy Shopper tomato ketchup because some packs of the product may contain pieces of plastic. The presence of plastic makes this product unsafe to eat and presents a safety risk. The affected product is sold in some Londis and Budgens stores.
Yuki & Love jelly
Taipec Ltd has recalled packs of Yuki & Love mango-flavoured and litchi-flavoured jelly because the products contain konjac powder which is not permitted as an ingredient in jelly confectionery products as it presents a choking hazard.
Young's Chip Shop Fish Cakes
Young's is recalling its Chip Shop Fish Cakes 6 pack due to the possible presence of pieces of plastic and metal in some packs. The presence of plastic and metal makes this product unsafe to eat and presents a safety risk. The affected product is sold in some Farmfoods and Heron Foods stores.
Quorn Tikka Masala with Basmati Rice
Quorn is recalling its Chilled Quorn Tikka Masala with Basmati Rice 400g product because it may contain pieces of flexible rubber. The presence of rubber makes this product unsafe to eat and presents a safety risk.
Barkat Organic Gluten Free Porridge Flakes
Gluten Free Foods Ltd recalled one batch of Barkat Organic Gluten Free Porridge Flakes because the product may contain moths and moth larvae. The pack size is 500g with the best before date of October 6, 2018.
Muscle Food meat productsMuscle Food recalled certain meat products supplied by DB Foods Ltd due to incorrect use-by dates. For a full list of the products affected, go here.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newmarket hosts the sole domestic Group One contest on Saturday and it's a strong renewal of the Sun Chariot Stakes at 14:40
Looking at previous winners of the race, particularly in the last ten years, it's worth concentrating on those rated 114+ which narrows the field neatly down to just Aidan O'Brien's Roly Poly and French raider Qemah.
The latter looked to have the world at her feet after winning the Coronation Stakes in 2016 but she's struggled to make her presence felt this season.
Roly Poly gave her a ½ length beating in this year's Prix Rothschild before the pair were evenly matched, finishing down the field in the Matron Stakes.
While a few four-year- olds have gone on to win this, I don't think Qemah is quite up to giving 3lb away, and expect Roly Poly to deliver a further Group One victory to add to her master trainer's tally.
Her form ties in well with some of the best of the Ballydoyle fillies and she can be backed at 5/1 on the Betfair Sportsbook.
Away from HQ, there's a great card at Ascot with a pair of well contested Group Three contests and the ultra-competitive Challenge Cup.
In the 14:25 Cumberland Lodge Stakes, Andre Fabre sends over French Derby runner-up Waldgeist and providing he's travelled well, should take all the beating at 11/10.
Saeed Bin Suroor's Secret Number ran a nice race in the Legacy Cup last time but I think he'll struggle to give weight away to the French contender.
This year's renewal of the Bengough Stakes at 15:00 looks particularly strong with both Blue Point and Magical Memory dropped in class.
The finish will likely be fought out between the pair and it could be argued that Charlie Hills' colt is a touch of value at 9/2 but I wouldn't rule out a big run from William Haggas' Second Thought at 10/1.
On the evidence of his impressive All-Weather form earlier in the season, a return to a flatter sand-based track at Ascot should suit him down to the ground.
The Challenge Cup at 15:35 is as competitive as ever but with four of the last five winners going off at single figure prices, it may pay to look at those with more obvious claims, none more so than William Haggas' Mojito who is aiming to notch his fourth win in a row and heads the betting at 4/1.
He was very impressive at York last time and that was a strong race but he's been dealt a big hike in the weights and three year old's don't have the best record in this so it's tempting to look elsewhere for some each-way value…
Last year's runner-up Firmament looks a huge price at 16/1 to go one better this year. He's racing off a 3lb higher mark but has been there or thereabouts in most of the summer's big field handicaps.
His form at Ascot is particularly notable, having only finished out of the front five on one occasion in seven visits since moving to the David O'Meara yard. While he may lack the flashy profile of some of his rivals he looks a rock solid each-way proposition at a double figure price.
What's more, with every SP 3/1+ winner you back on live ITV4 races on the Betfair Sportsbook, you get a free bet to the same value (Max £25).
OTTAWA — The co-founders of a Canadian company at the centre of the international scandal over the alleged inappropriate use of Facebook data are defending their work in support of political campaigns around the globe.
Speaking to a parliamentary committee, Jeff Silvester of the B.C.-based political advertising firm AggregateIQ says the company helps its customers craft their messages for online political ads and how to effectively make use of data for their campaigns.
But Silvester, the firm's chief operating officer, insists AggregateIQ does not harvest data and only uses what it is provided — nor does it undertake any kind of voter profiling, including psychographic profiling.
He says the company's work differs little from what political campaigns in Canada do to promote a candidate or a party, such as putting up lawn signs, sending volunteers to knock on doors and making phone calls.
The Victoria firm has been suspended by Facebook and is under investigation by privacy commissioners in Ottawa, B.C. and the United Kingdom for its role in a controversy that allegedly involved a breach of millions of users' private information to help the "Leave" side win the U.K.'s 2016 Brexit referendum.
AggregateIQ has also been linked to Cambridge Analytica, the political consultancy firm accused of improperly accessing the private Facebook data to help the Leave campaign in Brexit as well as Donald Trump's winning 2016 U.S. presidential bid.
In his testimony Tuesday, Silvester said AggregateIQ has always complied with laws in Canada and abroad. He also disputed allegations raised by Canadian data expert and whistle-blower Christopher Wylie, saying AggregateIQ has never been part of Cambridge Analytica nor its parent company, SCL.
"We are not data harvesters by any stretch of the imagination and, certainly, we don't do psychographic profiling or profiling of any other type," he told the committee on access to information, privacy and ethics, which is holding hearings this month on the data breach involving Facebook and Cambridge Analytica.
"We're not psychologists, we're tech guys."
Efforts by volunteers and political candidates themselves to persuade voters are no different from the work of AggregateIQ, he added.
SEATTLE – It was supposed to be an easy dash to the getaway car, but some thieves trying to rip off a Costco didn't even make it out of the door Wednesday, according to Seattle police, who released video of the botched heist.
Police were notified after a Costco loss-prevention officer noticed two people stockpiling high-priced electronics and other items around 5:30 p.m., according to KIRO.
Police decided to wait for the would-be criminals outside of a fire exit. “He's just going to run out with his laptop,” one officer says.
Seconds later, the double doors burst open and two people, holding multiple items, run straight into the arms of the waiting officers. Police arrested a 30-year-old man, a 21-year-old woman and an 18-year-old woman believed to be the getaway driver.
The 30-year-old was carrying a seven-inch knife, according to KIRO, and loss-prevention officers said they'd dealt with the man in the past and recognized the blade.
Authorities believe the group may have been responsible for another Costco robbery earlier that day, in which the crooks made off with $2,200 worth of items, according to KOMO.
All three suspects were taken to King County jail, where officers booked the man on investigation of robbery and the women on investigation of theft charges.
BERLIN (AP) — German authorities say they have raided the apartments of four Islamic clerics suspected of spying on opponents of the Turkish government.
The federal prosecutors' office said the Wednesday morning raids in the states of North Rhine-Westphalia and Rheinland-Palatinate were carried out to collect evidence; no arrests were made. The unidentified targets are suspected of spying on supporters of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who is accused by the Turkish government of orchestrating a July 15 coup.
Prosecutors say the four men were affiliated with the DITIB, the union of Turkish-Islamic cultural organizations in Germany, but refused to give further details.
An Austrian lawmaker this week said information indicates Turkish diplomatic offices around the world are gathering information to try to undermine organizations loyal to Gulen, who denies involvement in the coup.
"Many drugs regularly used to treat people diagnosed as HIV-positive have severe immunosuppressive effects, as well as other serious adverse effects. These include corticosteroids, AZT, other drugs in the same class as AZT, certain antibiotics, and protease inhibitors...corticosteroids induce immunosuppression that is claimed to be caused by HIV, with lowered CD4 counts and sparing of CD8 cells as well as sparing of antibody production."
"Because of the complexity of this disease state, it is often difficult to differentiate between the manifestations of HIV infection [sic] and the manifestations of zidovudine (AZT). In addition, very little placebo controlled data is available to assess this difference. (United States 1996, pages 3032-3034)"
HIV drug elvitegravir lowers the efficiency of immune system
" 70% of mice tested showed significant reduction in B cell population
Progressive depletion of certain immune cell - CD4+ T-cell - populations along with impairment of cellular immunity is responsible for the onset of AIDS in the case of HIV-positive people. Now, researchers from the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) Bengaluru, have shown that two FDA-approved drugs (raltegravir and elvitegravir) used for treating HIV actually impairs the immune system to varying extents. Both these drugs are widely used and are part of the combination anti-retroviral treatment.
In the presence of the drug elvitegravir, the mature B cells responsible for immunity showed a reduction in animal studies. The reduction was pronounced - 70% of the mice studied showed a decrease in mature B cells.
The drugs target the HIV integrase protein that is responsible for the integration of viral DNA into human genome. HIV is a retrovirus which contains RNA instead of DNA. So when HIV infects human cells, the RNA is made into complementary DNA (cDNA) and this cDNA gets integrated into the human DNA. The viral DNA then makes copies of itself and then more viral particles are made, which then further infect more T cells.
Integrase and Rag1
Although integrase protein is specific to HIV, it shares structural and functional similarity with a protein present in humans called RAG1 (recombination activating gene 1). RAG1 is an integral protein of the immune system, and without it different antibodies cannot be developed leaving humans immune-deficient.
The team led by Prof. Sathees C. Raghavan from the Department of Biochemistry at IISc found that owing to the structural and functional similarity between the two proteins (RAG1 and integrase), the drugs designed to target HIV integrase protein can also bind and hamper the functions of RAG1 protein that is responsible for generation of antibody diversity leading to maturity of B cells of the human immune system. The results of the study were published in the journal Cell Death and Disease.
The researchers carried out in vitro studies using purified RAG proteins, and also studied the effects of the drug on human cell lines and on mouse models. In vitro studies showed the elvitegravir drug inhibiting binding and cleavage of human DNA in a dose-dependent manner. "Inside the lymphoid cells, DNA cleavage is important for the generation of antibody diversity. We found the drug significantly decreases the RAG1 function. When the drug binds to it and prevents DNA cleavage, it results in compromised antibody diversity," says Prof. Raghavan.
While raltegravir drug did not cause significant inhibition of binding and cleavage of human DNA, these were impaired in the presence of elvitegravir drug. Cleavage inhibition was seen even at a low dosage of 50 microMolar, and "distinct" inhibition was seen when elvitegravir drug concentration was 200 microMolar.
"The structure of the two drugs is not the same. Elvitegravir drug probably binds tightly to RAG1 protein causing significant inhibition in cleavage," says Namrata M. Nilavar from the Department of Biochemistry at IISc and one of the first authors of the paper. Mayilaadumveettil Nishana is the other first author of the paper.
"The elvitegravir drug caused significant effect on immune system when an extrachromosomal assay was used to study its effect inside the cells. We saw a threefold reduction in immune activity at 100 nanoMolar concentration and eightfold reduction at 1,000 nanoMolar concentration," says Prof. Raghavan.
Mouse models
Mice were treated with eight doses of elvitegravir drug at comparable dosage as used in humans. "We looked at how the drug affects the growth of different stages of B cells, which are responsible for robust immune system," he recalls.
"In about 70% of animals we found significant reduction in B cell population, while 30% animals remained unaffected."
"More studies have to be done before we can say that continued use of elvitegravir drug by HIV positive people may be counterproductive," says Nilavar.
"In humans, the duration of treatment is longer. So the damage may be much higher. Based on our study we can say that use of elvitegravir may have side-effects on the immune system. Therefore, patients undergoing the treatment need to be monitored with utmost care," Prof. Raghavan stresses."
So-called 'antiretroviral' HIV drugs in the integrase inhibitor category such as raltegravir and elvitegravir have been long touted as life-saving interventions, and yet, concerning new research indicates that they may not be living up to their promises. Published in Cell Death and Disease and titled, " HIV integrase inhibitor, Elvitegravir, impairs RAG functions and inhibits V(D)J recombination ," researchers at the Indian Institute of Science discovered that when mice were administered the drug elvitegravir, it resulted in significant reduction of mature B lymphocytes in 70% of mice studied.Because the purported effect of HIV infection is disruption of the immune system, any treatment that is immunotoxic or immunodisruptive has the potential to worsen the condition and contribute to the diagnosis and progression of AIDS. Indeed,The etiology of AIDS, like most syndromes, is multifactorial. Indeed, published studies have already implicated drug toxicity as a driver of AIDS deaths.For instance, according to Matt Irwin, MD:Another example of a conventional acknowledgement of this relationship is the 1996 edition of the United States Pharmacopeia's USP DI: Drug Information for the Health Care Professional which states:While HIV is generally believed to only suppress the T-lymphocyte branch of the immune system, particularly the CD4+ T-helper cells, in 2011 , a team of researchers at the US National Institute of Allergies and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) suggest that HIV damages the other half of the adaptive immune system, namely, the memory B-cells, which are responsible for recognizing previous infections and generating antibodies to them. B-cell function, therefore, may already be compromised in those fighting HIV infection. Anything that adds to this suppressive effect -- chemical, pharmaceutical, or biological -- would worsen the patient's condition. Indeed, if the new study applies to human physiology, we can expect that elvitegravir (and perhaps related drugs like raltegravir) may further damage the adaptive pole of the immune system of HIV patients, accelerating their demise. Not suprisingly, elvitegravir's drug insert lists a potentially lethal side effect of the drug as "immune reconstitution disorder" (IRD), also known as immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome (IRIS).If pharmaceutical anti-HIV drugs are so toxic and ineffective, are there safer, more effective alternatives? We've indexed preliminary research on the topic on our HIV infections database , which include over 150 natural substances, including black seed which revealed powerful therapeutic properties in one exceptionally compelling case study we reported on here: Black Seed Extract 'Cures' HIV Patient Naturally ..For more information on the featured study in this article, read the following report titled, "HIV drug elvitegravir lowers the efficiency of immune system":References:
A ‘miracle man' football fan from Bulwell who was unresponsive for ten minutes after suffering a heart attack just before a match has been reunited with the EMAS ambulance crews who saved his life.
Ian Taylor, 52, was waiting for Matlock Town FC to take on Workington AFC on Saturday, January 21, and was queuing at the snack counter for a cup of Bovril when he suddenly suffered a cardiac arrest.
This week on Tuesday Ian was reunited with EMAS paramedics Martin Coleman and Simon Warren, and technician Meryl Gabbitas who saved his life on that fateful day.
Ian, a lift engineer based in Nottingham, said that he was overwhelmed meeting the paramedics and could not thank them enough for giving him a second chance.
He said: “It's hard to find the words to say thank you when someone has saved your life. Thank you doesn't really cover it.
“I can't believe how lucky I was - I think all my luck all came in at once. It is a miracle that I survived. The paramedics were fantastic and the football club have been great too.”
In a cardiac arrest, seconds count as the sooner the patient receives CPR and shocks to the heart from a defibrillator, the better the patient's chance of survival. Only eight per cent of people who have a cardiac arrest outside of hospital survive.
Luckily, Ian collapsed next to the first aid room behind an off-duty doctor and a retired midwife, who were able to begin CPR immediately, and volunteers from Matlock Town Football Club also helped with the chest compressions.
Before the defibrillator at the club could be used, Martin arrived in an EMAS Fast Response Vehicle within 90 seconds and was able to use his defibrillator, and an ambulance crew arrived four minutes after the 999 call was made.
The air ambulance also attended the incident and landed on the pitch, but Ian was taken to hospital by land ambulance.
Ian's brother, Alan Taylor, 61, a cab driver and also from Bulwell, was stood next to Ian when he collapsed and said he thought he was dead.
Alan said: “I thought he was gone. They defibrillated him seven times in 11 minutes and he was going blue. It was like a film and surreal. I didn't know what to do, and at that point I was elbowed out the way by people who did.”
Hedley Ashman, 72, from Matlock, was the first volunteer from the club to help with CPR. He said: “I couldn't find a pulse so I knew I just had to do as much as I could until the ambulance arrived. You never expect to use your training like that.”
After ten minutes the paramedics finally managed to shock his heart back into rhythm and he was taken to Royal Derby Hospital.
Disney Company Drops YouTube Star PewDiePie Over Anti-Semitic Jokes
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Lamparski/Getty Images John Lamparski/Getty Images
A prominent YouTube star has lost a lucrative contract after The Wall Street Journal pointed out a series of anti-Semitic jokes and Nazi-related images in his videos.
Felix Kjellberg is better known as PewDiePie — a profane, prolific video producer and comedian. He rose to prominence largely through videos of him playing video games, but now creates a wide range of popular videos, from pranks to sketches to commentary.
He's the most popular video producer on YouTube, with more than 50 million subscribers. His videos have been watched, collectively, billions of times.
In a report on Monday, the Journal noted that Kjellberg's popularity led to a "multimillion-dollar" deal with Walt Disney Co., which owns Maker Studios, a firm that handles Kjellberg's business.
The newspaper continued:
"Since August, PewDiePie has posted nine videos that include anti-Semitic jokes or Nazi imagery, according to a review of his channel by The Wall Street Journal. "On Monday after the Journal contacted Disney about the videos, the entertainment giant said it was severing ties with Mr. Kjellberg."
Kjellberg is also the star and creator of a show featured on YouTube's new paid service, YouTube Red. Engadget reported Tuesday that YouTube has canceled the second season, and is removing Kjellberg's channel from the "Preferred" category. "Kjellberg will still be able to run ads against his videos, but will likely see a drop in revenue," the site reports.
Three of the nine videos flagged by the Journal have since been pulled down, apparently deleted by Kjellberg.
In one video — which is still live — Kjellberg paid two men to write "Death to all Jews" on a sign and dance beneath it. He reacted with apparent disbelief when they actually did it. A brief caption beneath reads, "Trying to hide a smile from triggered SJWs," which is short for "social justice warriors," Internet slangs for liberal activists — who might complain about a sign saying "Death to all Jews."
After a long pause, he said, "I'm sorry. I didn't think they would actually do it. I feel partly responsible. ... I mean, I gotta give them five stars for an outstanding experience because at least they did what I asked."
In other videos, Kjellberg donned a Nazi-style cap, showed images of swastikas and pretended to try to resurrect Adolf Hitler. In many cases, he was mocking the media for characterizing him as "racist."
Kjellberg defended the anti-Semitic content of his videos as jokes, taken out of context by their critics.
In one of the videos, now deleted, Kjellberg said, "We're going to have to start separating what is a joke, and what is actually problematic," according to the Journal.
In a post on Tumblr, Kjellberg wrote:
"I think of the content that I create as entertainment, and not a place for any serious political commentary. I know my audience understand that and that is why they come to my channel. Though this was not my intention, I understand that these jokes were ultimately offensive. "As laughable as it is to believe that I might actually endorse these people, to anyone unsure on my standpoint regarding hate-based groups: No, I don't support these people in any way."
But Jonathan Vick, an associate director of the Anti-Defamation League, told the Journal the apologies were insufficient.
"Just putting it out there brings it more and more into the mainstream," he told the newspaper.
The neo-Nazi site Daily Stormer said something similar — approvingly. The white supremacist website celebrated Kjellberg's videos, and at one point wrote:
"Some may ask 'Is Pewdiepie really racist? Is he really a Nazi? Does he really want to kill all Jews?' Who knows. He could be doing all this only to cause a stir things up and get free publicity. Ultimately, it doesn't matter, since the effect is the same; it normalizes Nazism, and marginalizes our enemies."
Bloomberg News notes this is not the first time Kjellberg's videos have gotten him in trouble with major tech brands.
"Twitter Inc. briefly suspended his account last year after he posted a profile picture that could be viewed as obscene," Bloomberg writes. "Kjellberg made matters more confusing by claiming, in jest, that he had been suspended because he had joined the Islamic State."
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nearly one in five people retiring in 2018 will be doing so in debt - owing £33,900 on average - a report suggests.
Some 19% of people planning to retire in 2018 say they will be carrying some form of debt with them, with credit cards and mortgages the most likely sources of borrowing still left to pay off, Prudential found.
Men are more likely to be expecting to retire in debt at 22% versus 16% of female retirees.
People in the North West of England are the most likely to be expecting to retire in debt, while those in Wales are the least likely, the research suggests.
On average, those retiring with debts expect to clear them in three-and-a-half years.
One in seven (14%) expect to take seven years or more to pay off their debts and one in 16 (6%) believe they will never clear the money they owe.
The proportion of retirees with debts is, however, the lowest since 2015 in Prudential's research - although average debt levels of those who do owe money have increased.
Retirees in debt - where they live Source: Prudential
Last year, one in four (25%) people preparing to retire in 2017 expected to have debts, at £24,300 on average.
The average amount of debt for those retiring in 2018 is the highest since 2012, when it was £38,200.
Vince Smith-Hughes, a retirement income expert at Prudential, said that with rising interest rates expected on the horizon following last year's Bank of England base rate hike, "it is worrying to see the rapid increase of a pensioner's average debt".
He continued: "Interestingly, there is a smaller number of people retiring in debt, but for those pensioners retiring in debt, the amount owed is on the rise...
"It's possible that some people feel more comfortable about servicing debt, and are borrowing more.
"Meanwhile more and more grandparents are helping their grandkids with university fees and children with house deposits."
If you're worried about how to cope with debt, see our guide on how to find help here .
METHUEN, Mass. — Authorities in Massachusetts say a 10-month-old baby had to be revived twice after she was exposed to fentanyl.
Police arrived at the Methuen residence early Saturday afternoon after receiving a report of a child not breathing.
First responders took the child to Lawrence General Hospital, where police say she stopped breathing twice and had to be resuscitated. She was later airlifted to Tufts Medical Center in Boston, where she's in stable condition.
Authorities say hospital tests indicate the baby had the potent synthetic opioid fentanyl in her system.
The Department of Children and Families says it has taken custody of the baby. The incident remains under investigation.
Mayor Stephen Zanni says, “The opioid epidemic knows no boundaries.”
Theresa M. (Danko) Gasecki, 88, of Merritt Island, FL, passed away on December 27, 2016. She was the wife of the late John Gasecki, who predeceased her in 2003, and with whom she enjoyed 57 years of marriage.
Terry, as her friends called her, was born in New Britain, CT on October 22, 1928. The daughter of Peter and Christine Danko, she was raised primarily by Agnes Carrubba, and was predeceased by her two step-sisters, Agnes and Susan Carrubba, and her step-brother, Michael Carrubba.
She moved to Plantsville, CT, where she met her husband, John. They settled in Southington where they raised their family, and moved to Florida in 1999.
She is survived by her daughter, Christine Szabo and husband, Joseph of Southington, son, Captain Stephen Gasecki and wife, Donna of Merritt Island, FL, grandsons, Joseph and Stephen Gasecki of Merritt Island, FL, granddaughter, Erika Simons, great-granddaughter Monique Szabo, great-grandson, Mason Simons, all of Southington; grandson, Dr. Christopher Szabo and wife, Kathy and great-granddaughter, Sophia Szabo of Branford; and many nieces and nephews. She was predeceased by her son, Glenn Gasecki.
The family would like to thank Kelly Filliben for her service that allowed John and Theresa to remain in their home in Merritt Island.
Funeral services in celebration of Terry's life will be held on Saturday, January 7, 2016 at 9 a.m. from Plantsville Funeral Home, followed by a Mass of Christian Burial at 10 a.m. at Immaculate Conception Church, 130 Summer St, Southington. Committal will follow at Immaculate Conception Cemetery. Family and friends may gather on Friday, January 6, 2016 from 4-6 p.m. For online expressions of sympathy, please visit www.PlantsvilleFuneralHome.com
Embattled coach Ed Orgeron was clearly the focal point of all the heat. Orgeron held a meeting with team leaders, who then had the first of two players-only sessions. Athletic director Joe Alleva also met with Orgeron, offensive co-ordinator Matt Canada and defensive co-ordinator Dave Aranda to iron out differences. Orgeron got involved with the offence during the 24-21 loss to Troy and wanted to simplify Canada's scheme by reducing pre-snap motions.
Alleva "wanted to know what was going on, what we could do better," said Orgeron, who's in his first season after serving as interim coach in 2016. "Let's all get on the same page. It was a very positive meeting."
Florida, which has endured its own issues this season, kept track from afar.
"They're just trying to set the Gators up, right?" coach Jim McElwain said. "Anytime there's a transition, you go through a learning curve. These guys will be coming in here crazed, nuts, ready to go to prove all the naysayers or whatever you want to do, but that's why you play."
___
Here are some other things to know about LSU and Florida:
GETTING HEALTHY: LSU expects to have several key players back this week, including Guice, defensive end Rashard Lawrence and nose tackle Ed Alexander. Senior right tackle Toby Weathersby, who also did not play last week, is questionable.
FRANKS RETURNS: Florida quarterback Feleipe Franks, who was once committed to LSU, regains his starting job this week following a season-ending injury to Luke Del Rio. Franks started the first three games of the season, but was benched in two of those.
LINE ITEMS: LSU's offensive line has been a glaring weak spot the past three games and faces a tough test at Florida. Against Troy, the Tigers started two freshmen — right guard Ed Ingram and right tackle Saahdiq Charles — on the offensive line for the first time since 1986.
CLEVELAND OUT: Florida will be without big-play receiver Tyrie Cleveland because of a high-ankle sprain to his right foot. Cleveland leads the team in every receiving category, recording 15 catches, 326 yards and two touchdowns.
RECORD WATCH: The Gators can break an NCAA record Saturday by scoring in their 366th consecutive game. Florida is currently tied with Michigan, which set the mark between 1984 and 2014. The Gators haven't been shut out since a 16-0 loss to Auburn on Oct. 29, 1988.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Mark Long, The Associated Press
PARIS — Rattling through the first two rounds of the French Open without losing a set leaves more time for PlayStation for Naomi Osaka.
And should the next big thing in Japanese tennis turn up late for her next match, it could well be because she lost track of time plugged into her console. Who needs the sights of Paris when you have "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" to distract you? ("It's OK you don't know it," she kindly told a middle-aged journalist).
"It's sort of consumed my time a little bit," the 20-year-old Osaka said Wednesday after reaching the third round at Roland Garros. "Literally, if I have 30 minutes then I'll just sit there and I might be a little bit late. Like I'll spend 35 minutes and then I'm like, 'Oh my God, it's 30 minutes past,' and then I have to rush out the door. So if I'm ever late to anything, you know why."
The French Open marks the first time Osaka has been seeded at a major (at No. 21). That billing and her debut title on tour earlier this year, when she tore through a high-powered field to win at Indian Wells, mark out Japan's top-ranked woman as a player to watch in this first week when many struggle to find their feet on the red clay of Paris but others make it their home.
Osaka, who also reached the third round at her first French Open in 2016 only to lose to a qualifier in straight sets in the first round last year, said she is concentrating less on the surface than on trying to win her first Grand Slam.
"In my mind, it's not really clay," she said. "I just focus more on the tennis part, rather than making up excuses of what the surface is and how my play style isn't suited for it."
Osaka's third-round opponent is Madison Keys, an American seeded 13th. Keys beat Osaka in both of their previous matches. If Osaka has her way, next time will not only produce a different outcome but be quick, too — because she hopes to spend as little time as possible on the tournament grounds.
"I'm only here if I have to be, to be honest," she said. "When I was younger I used to love walking around and just experiencing the atmosphere. But now, like, I just sort of think of this as my job. So it's like clocking in and clocking out."
Those she beat on her way to the Indian Wells title in March included five-time major winner Maria Sharapova and top-ranked Simona Halep. At her next tournament, in Miami, she then overpowered Serena Williams, her tennis idol in childhood, 6-3, 6-2 in the first round.
She started travelling with her games console from that point on.
FM Radio has been activated with ZenoRadio! Now our U.S. audience can call in from any phone and listen to our LIVE broadcast.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Muhammad Ali 's life is to be turned into a knockout stage musical.
The Greatest is to be honoured by producer David Sonenberg with the show based on the legendary documentary When We Were Kings, which told the story of Ali against George Foreman in the Rumble in the Jungle in 1974.
The former world heavyweight champion of the world died in 2016 from Parkinson's disease, aged 74, and Sonenberg is eager to pay tribute to the great man.
“We can't wait to be doing it. We have no clue who will play Muhammad but it's going to be great," he told the Sun.
(Image: Bettmann/Getty Images)
“The popularity of the film will no doubt get audiences down to the theatre.”
Ali became an icon for not only his achievements in the ring, but his political beliefs, particularly his stand against fighting for the United States in Vietnam war.
The decision would cost him his boxing license for almost four years, but seal his legacy as a man of the people, with the musical set to spread his story yet further.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There have certainly been some feisty housemates that have walked into the Celebrity Big Brother house over the years.
But the long running show is in for the ultimate treat in the form of Jemma Lucy.
The outspoken reality star is one of the famous faces living in the house for the 2017 summer series.
But who exactly is she? Here is everything you need to know about the reality TV star...
(Image: jemlucy/Instagram)
Who is Jemma Lucy and where is she from?
Jemma Lucy (real name Jemma Henley) is a British reality star and model born on 16 May 1988 and is from Manchester, England.
(Image: jemlucy/instagram)
As well as appearing on reality shows, she has garnered attention as a tattoo model.
She had her first taste of fame when she appeared on series 2 of BBC show Brat Camp where her despairing parents sought help after she was expelled three times.
Why is Jemma Lucy famous?
After appearing on Brat Camp, Jemma featured on Katie Price's short lived reality show Signed by Katie Price.
(Image: Jemlucy/snapchat)
She is most famous for finding love - and causing trouble - on series three and five of MTV's Ex on the Beach.
She has also made a name for herself by sharing her cosmetic surgery procedures on social media - including botox and bum implants.
CBB contestants 2017
Who has Jemma Lucy had public feuds with?
Jemma is far from shy on social media - and has engaged in twitter war with a number of fellow celebrities.
She has most famously clashed with Geordie Shore star Charlotte Crosby - after they both dated Stephen Bear .
She also ignited a feud with vintage reality star Jodie Marsh - after the latter slammed reality stars for having sex on TV.
Notable former umpire dies
ROCHESTER, N.Y. (AP) — Former major league umpire Ken Kaiser, a colorful figure between the lines who briefly moonlighted as a professional wrestler to make ends meet while working in the minor leagues has died. He was 72. Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
Arsenal will face Swedish minnows Ostersund whilst Celtic drew Russians Zenit St Petersburg in the draw for the Europa League last 32 on Monday.
The Gunners will need to get past a Swedish side coached by Englishman Graham Potter, a former journeyman footballer now 42 and who led Ostersund to the Swedish Cup last season.
Potter, the only English manager in European competition, has taken the side from the Swedish fourth division to the top flight in six seasons and will now lead them out at Arsenal`s Emirates Stadium in a dream match-up for the Swedes.
(Also read: UEFA Champions League: It's Real Madrid vs Paris St-Germain, Chelsea vs Barcelona in last-16)
Back to the grim realities, Brendan Rodgers` Celtic face the 2008 UEFA Cup champions in the form of Roberto Mancini`s ambitious Zenit, third in Russia last term and third in the standings now.
Of the eight clubs to join the draw having placed third in their Champions League groups, Italian high flyers Napoli drew RB Leipzig of Germany in what appears to be the toughest draw of the round.
But also on the menu are former Eastern giants Red Star Belgrade and CSKA Moscow, the once mighty AC Milan are pitted against Ludogorets of Bulgaria and Lazio against Steaua Bucharest.
Asylum-Seeking Student Says Nothing Can Stand Between Him And Poetry
Enlarge this image toggle caption Portland Press Herald/Press Herald via Getty Images Portland Press Herald/Press Herald via Getty Images
Allan Monga, a junior at Deering High School in Portland, Maine, traveled to Washington, D.C. to compete in the Poetry Out Loud contest on Monday. It's a national competition in which students recite great works of poetry, and it's run by the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation.
But Monga, who says he fled violence in his home country of Zambia, was initially barred from the national final because of his immigration status: He's an asylum seeker and does not yet have U.S. citizenship.
Poetry Out Loud's official rules require permanent residence, so Monga filed a lawsuit against the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation. A judge granted a motion allowing him to compete, and he went on to represent the state of Maine in the competition. He read two poems but did not advance to the finals.
Monga says fighting to compete in Poetry Out Loud was important to him — and others.
"I am not the only kid who's an immigrant, like the Portland public schools [themselves] have a huge body of kids from all over the world who are definitely in my situation," Monga says. "So, I wanted to create a way that kind of opened the door for everyone."
Interview Highlights
On what poetry means to Monga
Poetry is like a whole new world to me. Back in my country, I did not have anything about poetry, but poetry is something that I got to learn once I got here. You know, I did research. It's just something like — I developed feelings for it. It's like I'm in a relationship with poetry.
On the teacher that introduced him to poetry
Ms. Callaghan. I mean, I was just sitting one of the days in our class, and she was like, "Do you wanna try this?" I was like, "Um, maybe, nah." But I did [some] research, and it was just like magic. It happened, and I will tell you, it is addictive. Your feelings, or passion for it, grow everyday. And honestly, I will not let anyone stand in between the relationship I have, I've grown for poetry.
On why he connects to "America" by Claude McKay
It talks about the good and the bad of America. And me, as an immigrant, I can come across a challenge. Example: what's going on right now with the NEA trying to say I cannot compete. To me, I consider it as a challenge. But the good? They said I can compete. I had people, the entire Portland public schools, everyone has just gone above and beyond to make sure that I'm here today. And I don't know, that poem to me is just like music to my ears.
Matt Ozug and Bridget Kelley produced and edited the audio story. Sydnee Monday and Petra Mayer adapted it for the Web.
Get Business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Business Secretary Greg Clark has waved through the sale of one Britain's oldest engineering firms to a controversial investment group.
Mr Clark dismissed claims of a "predatory" takeover as he confirmed the sale of GKN to Melrose Industries in the House of Commons.
The embattled engineering business, which employs 1,600 people at its aerospace division in Filton and 300 in Avonmouth, dates back to the 1900s and was instrumental in wartime manufacturing.
Labour had called for the sale of GKN to be blocked on national security grounds, as the company provides many Ministry of Defence contracts, but this was rejected.
Filton employees are "seriously concerned" about their jobs.
The aerospace sector provides more than 15,000 jobs in the South West, making the region the country's largest sector employer.
Dale Howarth, an employee at the site and a Unite union representative, said: “I'm worried about what impact it will have for all employees."
Mr Clark told MPs of the numerous assurances given by Melrose as part of the £8.1 billion takeover deal.
(Image: Jerome Ellerby)
He said: "The MoD has completed its detailed analysis and has agreed with Melrose a series of undertakings specifically to ensure that the Government is informed in advance of any plans to divest a business, a component of the business or assets which engage in activities that the Ministry of Defence considers to have national security implications."
Mr Clark said the Government had been given "suitable protections" from any subsequent sale of the business and had been given assurances over the continuation of contractual obligations "to protect intellectual property and classified information".
Shadow business secretary Rebecca Long-Bailey told ministers the assurances were "not sufficient to guarantee security of the long-term prospects" of the company or the workforce.
She said: "Melrose are reportedly short-termist in their outlook which undermines the long-term thinking required in defence projects.
"What we needed today from the secretary was not just a waving through of the deal, we needed action both in terms of obtaining concrete assurances from Melrose on the future of GKN and its workforce, but also clear plans to reform and widen our takeover regime to protect British businesses.
"I fear the short-term predators already smell their next victim and it's not just Melrose, it's Britain's industrial future."
Mr Clark hit back telling Ms Long-Bailey she had "prejudiced her position" by advancing the takeover should be blocked from the outset and had "given away the ability to have influence".
The Business Secretary added: "This is the responsible way to proceed and she would do the employees and stakeholders of GKN a service if she would engage more forensically in future."
Bristol's metro mayor Tim Bowles and the city's mayor Marvin Rees have urged the government to protect jobs.
A letter sent to Mr Clark in February, which was also signed by other members of the West of England Joint Committee, said: “GKN acts as an anchor for high productivity sectors in Bristol, supporting innovation and new business investment… The potential takeover could have serious consequences... There could be a loss of high-skilled well-paid jobs, which help support our regional economy."
Melrose won its takeover battle to buy GKN in March after securing the backing of the engineering giant's shareholders.
A total of 52.43 per cent investor votes were cast in favour of the deal, just above the 50 per cent plus one share threshold.
Its victory brought to a close a bitter battle that has raged since January, with unions and MPs warning of job cuts and asset stripping.
WIZARDS 104, KNICKS 100
John Wall scored 19 points, knocking down 9 of 14 shots in just under 24 minutes in Washington's preseason home win. Kelly Oubre scored 14 points and Bradley Beal added 13 for the Wizards.
Enes Kanter, a centre New York acquired in the deal that sent Carmelo Anthony to Oklahoma City, led the Knicks with 16 points. He made 6 of 11 shots.
WASHINGTON: The Wizards shot 47 per cent as Beal and Wall combined to make 15 of 25 shots.
NEW YORK: Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 15 points, Courtney Lee scored 12 and Jarrett Jack added 11. ... Joakim Noah played just 12 minutes as a reserve. ... The Knicks outrebounded the Wizards 46-36.
UP NEXT: The Wizards (2-0) host the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday. The Knicks (0-2) host the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday.
____
CELTICS 110, 76ERS 102
Kyrie Irving scored 21 points on 7-of-14 shooting as Boston won at Philadelphia. Irving also had three assists in just under 25 minutes. Terry Rozier scored 13 points and Aron Baynes added 12 for the Celtics.
Jerryd Bayless scored 15 points and J.J. Redick added 12 for the 76ers.
BOSTON: New addition Gordon Hayward scored nine points on 4-for-9 shooting. ... Al Horford scored just seven points, but he had nine rebounds and two blocks in 19 minutes. ... Marcus Smart scored 11 points on 4-for-6 shooting.
PHILADELPHIA: Ben Simmons did a little of everything. He finished with eight points, five assists and three rebounds in just under 23 minutes. ... Rookie Markelle Fultz did not play because of shoulder soreness, and Joel Embiid sat out with a right knee injury.
UP NEXT: The 76ers (0-2) and the Celtics (2-0) square off again Monday in Boston.
____
PACERS 106, CAVALIERS 102
TJ Leaf scored 18 points, Domantas Sabonis added 17 and Indiana won at Cleveland as LeBron James missed his second straight preseason game. James hurt his ankle last week, but has been practicing. Dwyane Wade led Cleveland with 20 points and Jae Crowder added 17.
INDIANA: Victor Oladipo, who was acquired in the deal that sent Paul George to Oklahoma City, scored 14 points on 6-for-12 shooting and had five assists.
CLEVELAND: Derrick Rose scored 15 points and Kevin Love added nine points, seven rebounds and five assists.
UP NEXT: The Pacers (2-0) play at Detroit on Monday. The Cavaliers (0-2) play at Washington on Sunday.
____
PISTONS 109, HAWKS 87
Avery Bradley scored 18 points, Tobias Harris added 17 and Detroit beat Atlanta in a home preseason game. Henry Ellenson added 16 points for the Pistons.
Malcolm Delaney scored 15 points and Taurean Prince and John Collins each added 10 for the Hawks.
DETROIT: The Pistons shot 48.9 per cent from the field. ... Ish Smith scored 15 points, Anthony Tolliver scored 13 and Stanley Johnson added 10.
ALTANTA: The Hawks shot just 36.5 per cent and were outrebounded 57-37. ... Only three players reached double figures.
UP NEXT: The Pistons (1-1) will host the Indiana Pacers on Monday. The Hawks (1-2) will host the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday.
___
BULLS 114, BUCKS 101
Justin Holiday scored 21 points and Denzel Valentine, Nikola Mirotic and Bobby Portis each added 15 to help Chicago win a preseason home game. Giannis Antetokounmpo scored 24 points and Khris Middleton added 14 for Milwaukee.
CHICAGO: The Bulls bounced back from a 118-71 loss to Dallas on Wednesday. ... Chicago got 12 points from Robin Lopez and 11 from Kris Dunn. ... The Bulls shot 51.8 per cent from the field and made 17 of 34 3-pointers. ... Portis had 10 rebounds and Mirotic had seven.
MILWAUKEE: Antetokounmpo was his usual dominant self. He made 7 of 10 field goals and 9 of 13 free throws. ... Greg Monroe scored 10 points. ... The Bucks made just 9 of 28 3-pointers and were outrebounded 42-36.
UP NEXT: The Bulls (2-1) host the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday. The Bucks (0-3) host the Detroit Pistons on Friday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball .
By Cliff Brunt, The Associated Press
What's At Stake For Japan As U.S. Prepares For Talks With North Korea
NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with Sheila Smith, of the Council on Foreign Relations about what's at stake for Japan as the U.S. prepares for talks with North Korea.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Now let's turn to that possible summit between President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. To try and make sure it happens, intense diplomacy has been underway. U.S. and North Korean envoys are meeting in New York, in Singapore and at the DMZ, the border between North and South Korea. South Korea's president was just in Washington. And next week, it is Japan's turn. Japan's prime minister, Shinzo Abe, will visit Washington to talk about the outcome Japan is hoping to see with this summit. And here to talk about that is Sheila Smith of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Welcome.
SHEILA SMITH: Thank you.
KELLY: So what is the outcome Japan hopes to see if and when the summit comes to be?
SMITH: So I think Prime Minister Abe is really coming to just check in with President Trump to make sure that he's still on the same page he was three weeks or so ago when Prime Minister Abe visited Florida.
KELLY: Was last in the States, right.
SMITH: We just had a summit. But there's a lot that's happened in between. There's been the cancellation and the rhetoric and the escalation and, OK, maybe we are back on again in terms of planning. So I think this is a checking in. And it's a question about whether or not the Trump administration is ready. They won't put it that way, I suspect. But I believe the prime minister just wants to make sure he understands what the Trump administration's game plan really is.
KELLY: How closely has Japan been consulted in the run-up to this summit?
SMITH: So this has been remarkable, actually. If you compare this round of consultation between the United States and its allies, Japan and South Korea, on the North Korea problem - comparing it to the 1990s, then again to the 2000s - this is pretty high-level stuff for a president and a prime minister to be talking this often. I think last year they spoke almost 20 times, maybe more than 20 times.
KELLY: Well, and as you note, having Abe in the U.S. twice in three weeks speaks volumes.
SMITH: Exactly. It speaks volumes.
KELLY: You said Abe is here to consult and kind of just check in. But he wants something out of this. In terms of the big goal of what Japan would like to see a summit produce, what does Japan want?
SMITH: So the prime minister outlined this. And the president said, yes, I hear you, right?
KELLY: President Trump?
SMITH: President Trump said that when they were in Mar-a-Lago three weeks ago. And that - there are three points. The Japanese are very straightforward. They want a complete, verifiable, irreversible denuclearization. They want complete transparency and openness. They also want us to address the ballistic missile threat. And of course, they're exposed to a wide range of missiles in Kim Jong-un's arsenal. And we saw that last year in 2017 when many of them were lobbed in Japan's direction.
And they also want the president to represent their concern and their need for accountability on the Japanese citizens who were abducted by the North Korean regime. These abductions are decades old now. But they've been trying to get the North Koreans to account for missing Japanese who they know had been taken hostage, kidnapped from Japanese soil. And they know that they were living in North Korea.
What I think is interesting now, though - and this is a telephone conversation and a readout of that conversation from a couple of days ago - is that President Trump has agreed not only to have disarmament focus on nuclear or fissile material but on other weapons of mass destruction as well.
KELLY: Chemical biological weapons.
SMITH: Exactly. So if you look at the statement that the White House issued after the phone call with the prime minister of Japan, it included all three - nuclear, biological and chemical weapons.
KELLY: That is something Japan wants. Is it clear yet whether the U.S. will put that on the table?
SMITH: The president just committed himself to doing it in that phone call with the prime minister. So again, Japan is vulnerable to the missile threat from the North. The North, we know, has a considerable arsenal of weapons of mass destruction. Kim Jong-un assassinated his half-brother in Malaysia with a nerve agent that is banned under international treaties. So Kim Jong-un is not reticent about using these weapons if he sees the need for it. So the Japanese are quite worried.
KELLY: Sheila Smith, thank you.
SMITH: Thank you.
KELLY: Sheila Smith, senior fellow for Japan studies at the Council on Foreign Relations.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The European Golf Course Owners Association (EGCOA) and the Austrian Golf Federation (ÖGV) have partnered up to put together a new format of the European Golf Business Conference, which will be staged next month.
Taking place in Vienna from March 22 to 24, the organisations have, according to organisers, “pooled their resources and expertise to ensure all participants come away with the tools to help grow their business and with a large, inspired network to fall back on.
“Following the highly successful model laid out by the last Dutch Golf Course Owners Conference, the event will focus on smaller, more intimate workshops, where attendees can choose which skill set they are most keen to improve, and design their own conference about acquiring an expertise in that area.”
Speaking on the partnership, EGCOA CEO Lodewijk Klootwijk stated: “We are delighted to be working so closely this year with the great team at the ÖGV.
“By working together, we have managed to come up with a whole new strategy for the event, allowing for attendees to spend more time with the world's best brains in the industry, in a more personal and interactive environment.
“Our members and the industry associated who attend will really go away with not only cutting-edge knowledge, but excited and inspired for the new season.”
This will be achieved in an environment that still allows the smallest clubs to rub shoulders with the big multinationals, ensuring that network creation and skill sharing stay key to the conference.
Robert Fiegl of the ÖGV stated: “Our members are really excited about this year's meeting. We as a large federation value the partnership with the EGCOA as a strategically important one for our members.”
The Golf Business has formed a media partnership with EGCOA and will be highlighting speakers at the 2018 the European Golf Business Conference in the coming weeks, plus reviewing various highlights of the conference throughout 2018.
A full list of workshops is available now at www.egcoaconference.eu/ with tickets available for both members and non-members here.
A 40-year old West Bay man was arrested over the weekend for several driving offences, including dangerous driving.
Police say around 1:30 p.m. Saturday (10 June) armed officers tried to stop a vehicle travelling along North West Point Rd.
The driver failed to respond and officers followed the vehicle before the driver eventually stopped.
He's on police bail and the investigation continues.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
FILE - In this April 3, 2012, file photo, Orlando Magic assistant coach Steve Clifford, left, listens to head coach Stan Van Gundy during the first quarter of an NBA basketball game against the Detroit Pistons, at the Palace in Auburn Hills, Mich. Clifford was announced Wednesday, May 30, 2018, as the new coach of the Orlando Magic, returning to a franchise that's missed the playoffs in each of the last six years. Clifford spent the last five years as coach of the Charlotte Hornets before getting fired at the end of this season. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio, File)
FILE - In this April 3, 2012, file photo, Orlando Magic assistant coach Steve Clifford, left, listens to head coach Stan Van Gundy during the first quarter of an NBA basketball game against the Detroit Pistons, at the Palace in Auburn Hills, Mich. Clifford was announced Wednesday, May 30, 2018, as the new coach of the Orlando Magic, returning to a franchise that's missed the playoffs in each of the last six years. Clifford spent the last five years as coach of the Charlotte Hornets before getting fired at the end of this season. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio, File)
Steve Clifford was there the last time the Orlando Magic were a playoff contender.
He's being asked to make them one again.
Clifford was announced Wednesday as the new coach of the Magic, a team that has missed the playoffs in each of the last six years. Clifford - who spent the last five seasons as coach of the Charlotte Hornets - was an assistant coach on Stan Van Gundy's Magic staff during the team's most recent playoff run in 2012.
"We are very excited to welcome Steve back into the Magic family," Magic president Jeff Weltman said. "Steve is widely regarded throughout the NBA community as an elite coach and developer of players at all stages. His teams have always been disciplined and prepared, and have embraced the concept of playing for each other."
The team scheduled a Wednesday afternoon news conference.
Clifford is replacing Frank Vogel, who was let go after two seasons. Clifford - who missed 21 games this past season while dealing with severe headaches brought on by sleep deprivation - was fired by Charlotte at the end of this season, after going 196-214.
Hiring Clifford is easily the biggest move made so far by Weltman. He took over the club a year ago after the team fired Rob Hennigan and ended his five-year run that never got on solid footing.
Weltman made the decision after this season to part with Vogel, who was a proven winner in Indiana but simply didn't have a playoff-caliber roster in Orlando.
Neither does Clifford, at this point anyway. It will take more than a coaching change to improve Orlando's fortunes.
Clifford was ousted in Charlotte after a front-office shakeup. Owner Michael Jordan fired general manager Rich Cho and eventually hired Mitch Kupchak to replace him in April. Kupchak fired Clifford not long afterward.
The Hornets went to the playoffs twice in Clifford's five seasons, never winning a playoff series.
"The NBA isn't about winning - the NBA is about winning in the playoffs," Clifford said at the end of Charlotte's season.
Clifford is coming to a franchise that has lost more games than any other NBA club over the past six years - 335. That's four more than Philadelphia, a franchise that was openly tanking for years before turning things around this season.
The Magic weren't tanking. They've just been bad.
Orlando hasn't had longer than a five-game winning streak at any time over the last six seasons. But over that same span, the Magic have had 23 losing streaks of at least five games. On their way to a 25-57 record that left them 18 games out of a playoff spot, the Magic had two seven-game slides and two other nine-game skids.
Since Van Gundy left, the Magic have gone through a series of resets.
There have been 62 players in uniform over the last six seasons - none of them an All-Star while in Orlando - and now five different coaches. Van Gundy was replaced by Jacque Vaughn, who was let go after 2 1/2 seasons and replaced on an interim basis by James Borrego. Scott Skiles then took over for one year, and Vogel ran things the last two seasons.
Clifford now gets his chance.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS (KTVI) - MetroLink is looking to make sure you know about any issues that could be going on their trains and buses. Starting Monday, they are putting out their calls for service online.
Metro is now posting available public safety data in response to requests for the information. This will make it easier for interested parties to view the activities of Metro Public Safety Officers and to see what the police departments patrolling Metro report as crimes occurring on the transit system.
Metro's public safety department activity logs will be posted weekly, while police department data will be posted on a monthly basis.
BURLINGTON — Halton police have laid charges against the father of a three-year-old boy who died after being left in a hot car last week.
Police say 37-year-old Shaun Pennell of Burlington faces one count of criminal negligence causing death and one count of failing to provide the necessaries of life.
Police have said officers got a call on May 23 at about 5:30 p.m. from a "hysterical'' man, indicating that a child was in a vehicle and was not breathing.
They said the boy was outside a grey Ford Escape when emergency crews arrived and paramedics pronounced him dead at the scene. The car was in a parking lot at Crossroads Centre, home to Crossroads Christian Communications which puts on such shows as "100 Huntley Street."
Police said last week that an autopsy revealed that the "preliminary cause of death'' was hyperthermia, consistent with the child being left in a vehicle and exposed to high temperatures for an extended period of time.
Data from The Weather Network indicates temperatures reached 26 C in Burlington that day. Studies have shown the temperature inside a closed vehicle can rise above 45 C, sufficient to cause heat stroke.
Police said Wednesday that Pennell was released from custody on a promise to appear in a Milton court on June 27.
Police called it a "difficult time" for the family of the victim and they said they are asking for privacy.
Police also stressed that all persons charged are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
(KPLR) - Are you looking for love on this Valentine's Day, well experts say once you find it does that mean you should head down the aisle right away. As Fox2's Kelley Hoskins explains.
Studies show perfectly happy couples are now more than ever avoiding tying the knot.
If you feel a little left in the dust when it comes to marriage you are not alone.
Pastor Raymond Horry wrote about finding and loving your mate in a book called, “The Marriage Cup and Covenant," When they get into marriage, they are thinking that I saw this, it's looks good I want to participate. But if you don't understand the rules of marriage it won't work," said Pastor Horry.
Pastor Horry holds monthly marriage and single workshops. The pastor explains the real reason perfectly happy couples aren't getting married anymore, "As I often say people want the benefits of marriage, but not the responsibility of marriage." said Horry.
A recent study from the National Marriage Project found more and more adults are delaying marriage.
Meet two prominent St. Louis singles. Mitzi Cashion and Lamont Gordon. Gordon is 44-years-old and has a great sense of humor and works in the sports industry.
While Cashion is a mother of two and works in healthcare. Although they have different backgrounds, both are single and understand why many people are refusing to tie the knot. " Millennials, they see the negative side of marriages. They see social media and what's out there. You all these things that just desensitize you to getting married " said Gordon.
"I just feel like people are more guarded with their emotions and they are less likely to want to commit. So, they are wanting to be in a committed relationship but commitment not necessarily meaning marriage," said Cashion.
Dr. Sandra Langeslag studies love at the University of Missouri St. Louis.
Yes, love.
The professor has studied if you can make yourself love someone more or love them less and recover more quickly from a break up.
"People now a days have high expectations and marry for various different reasons than several years ago. " said Dr. Langeslag.
"Marriage is tough, so you have to make sure that you do things right the first time, so you can operate in it." said Pastor Horry.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Diane Keaton is such a special entertainer that even normally reclusive Woody Allen is appearing in a televised tribute to her.
Allen is among those honoring the actress in the American Film Institute's presentation of its 45th Life Achievement Award. The AFI's “Tribute to Diane Keaton” will premiere Thursday night on TNT.
Warren Beatty, Morgan Freeman, Reese Witherspoon, Jane Fonda and Emma Stone also paid homage to Keaton during a gala ceremony last week in Hollywood. Steve Martin and Martin Short performed a musical roast of the actress.
Allen, who directed Keaton to her Oscar-winning performance in “Annie Hall,” said he owes much of what he's accomplished in his life to her.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Step away from your snacks viewers, you will not want to be eating for this one.
This documentary is simultaneously so fascinating that you can't look away, yet so revolting that you wish you'd never known anything about it.
Under the streets of Britain's cities lurks something sinister – an epidemic of fatbergs, which plague our sewers.
These monster blockages of congealed fat and human waste are a product of what we've flushed down our toilets and sinks.
(Image: Channel 4 Images)
In this stomach-churning insight, presenter and science enthusiast Rick Edwards volunteers (God knows why) to join scientists and sewer workers as they perform the first ever fatberg autopsy.
“It looks like a murder scene,” says Rick, as he heads to join the team of admirably jolly “flushers” - one of whom is nicknamed Manhole. Best not ask why.
The flushers have to wade through a thick sludge of sewage to reach the 750m long fatberg hidden under London, one of the biggest ever found in the UK. One is even close to throwing up, so terrible is the stench.
(Image: Channel 4 Images)
Worth noting that if the fatbergs are not dealt with, the result could be sewage in a few local kitchens or living rooms. All hail those who bravely go where no man dares to tread.
Once they have broken up five tonnes of the stuff for the autopsy, the experts then analyse the contents, discovering everything from wet wipes and cooking oil to condoms and syringes, not to mention more dirty secrets and deadly dangers.
All together now, blurgh...
Suffolk County authorities are searching for a man who scammed a person out of a vehicle purchase during an auto auction in 2016, police said Monday.
Suffolk police said Dartiguenave Boliver, who has last known addresses in North Amityville, Valley Stream and Queens, accepted more than $9,000 in deposits from a person from Connecticut for a vehicle purchase, but never delivered the vehicle. Police said the transaction occurred at least once during an auto auction on April 23, 2016, in Medford, police said, adding that the investigating is ongoing.
Anyone who suspects they have been a victim of the practice allegedly committed by Bolivar is asked to call 631-854-8140. Anyone with tips about Boliver's whereabouts is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 800-220-8477.
Police are offering up to $5,000 as a cash reward for information that leads to Boliver's whereabouts. All calls will be kept confidential.
From left to right, U.S. Marine Corps Lance Cpl. Steadman Barringer, Lance Cpl. Glenn Hughes and Lance Cpl. James Grigsby, military police officers with the Provost Marshal's Office, clear a room during active-shooter training at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 13, 2017. With assistance from the special reaction team, the Marines sharpened their skills by practicing proper room clearing techniques and how to correctly secure a building. Marines practiced the procedures in small groups prior to conducting a simulated active-shooter situation. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron Henson)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 19:19 Photo ID: 3165412 VIRIN: 170213-M-RP664-0061 Resolution: 5043x3362 Size: 9.13 MB Location: MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Provost Marshal's Office active shooter training [Image 1 of 6], by Cpl Aaron Henson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
WASHINGTON — Former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe authored a memo claiming that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said President Trump asked him to refer to the Russia investigation as a reason for recommending the dismissal of FBI Director James Comey, a person familiar with the matter said Wednesday.
McCabe documented the conversation with Rosenstein, fearing that the deputy attorney general may have provided Trump cover for the abrupt dismissal of Comey. At that time, Comey was overseeing the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election, said the source, who is not authorized to speak publicly about the matter.
Then-acting FBI director Andrew McCabe waits to speak at a press conference to announce the results from the Justice Department's annual national health care fraud takedown at the Department of Justice in Washington, D.C., July 13, 2017.
Jim Lo Scalzo, EPA-EFE
The source said the memo has since been turned over to Justice Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who was appointed to manage the investigation last year following Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to recuse himself.
Rosenstein, who drafted his own memo for the White House recommending Comey's firing last year, did not refer to Comey's management of the Russia inquiry. Rather, he cited the director's disputed management of the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server as the reason for urging the dismissal.
The Justice Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
In the days immediately following Comey's firing, Trump acknowledged in an interview with NBC News that Comey was dismissed because of his oversight of the Russia investigation.
Mueller's inquiry has since expanded to include whether Trump sought to obstruct the investigation by firing Comey.
Fact check: Trump wrong on Comey 'leak,' McCabe funds
More: Fired FBI official Andrew McCabe kept personal memos regarding Trump
Also: FBI's McCabe fired days before retirement; Trump applauds Sessions' move
McCabe was fired earlier this year by Sessions for allegedly making false statements to Justice investigators about disclosures to the media.
He has denied any wrongdoing in the matter.
In addition to the memo related to the alleged Rosenstein conversation, the source familiar with matter said McCabe also authored other memos memorializing his encounters with Trump. Those memos also have been turned over to Mueller's investigators.
McCabe appeared to follow the same protocol as Comey, who also authored memos about his controversial encounters with Trump, including an alleged conversation last year in which the president asked Comey to scuttle the FBI's then-investigation into national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Flynn has since pleaded guilty to lying to FBI agents about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak and is cooperating with Mueller's ongoing investigation.
The Trump presidency: A new era in Washington Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell arrive for the Senate Republican policy luncheon at the U.S. Capitol on Oct. 24, 2017. 01 / 94 Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell arrive for the Senate Republican policy luncheon at the U.S. Capitol on Oct. 24, 2017. 01 / 94
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Serif has launched free trials of its Affinity Photo and Designer apps, offering 10 days of premium photo and vector editing for Windows users.
The Affinity suite is a low-cost alternative to Adobe's Creative Cloud software, and was exclusive to macOS until late last year. Affinity Photo (a substitute for Photoshop) and Affinity Designer (an Illustrator analog) both arrived on Windows in November. InDesign alternative Affinity Publisher is due to complete the trinity later this year.
Advanced editing
The PC versions of Serif's creative software are identical to their Mac counterparts. Affinity Photo's toolkit includes RAW processing, panorama stitching, warping tools, a healing brush, and all the advanced color-refining tools you'd expect from a premium image editor.
Affinity Designer is ideal for illustrators and web designers, with unlimited artboards; non-destructive effects and adjustment layers; RGB, CYMK, LAB, Pantone and ICC color management; and 10 million+ per cent zoom.
Video will play in
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United made it six wins in a row when they saw off 10-man West Ham 2-0 at the London Stadium.
Sofiane Feghouli was sent off by referee Mike Dean after just 15 minutes, which proved to be a pivotal moment in the match, as Jose Mourinho's men were eventually able to break down Slaven Bilic's side.
Second half goals from Juan Mata and Zlatan Ibrahimovic eventually made the difference and the visitors are now only a point behind fourth-placed Arsenal.
But who impressed and who disappointed?
Here's how John Cross rated the two teams at the London Stadium.
West Ham
Randolph 7 - Incredible save to deny Valencia. Some desperate, last gasp goalkeeping.
Nordtveit 6 - Booked. Steady at right back, solid defensively, but his lack of pace is a worry.
Reid 7 - Much better performance, confidence coming back and is regaining form.
Ogbonna 6 - Had a good battle with Ibrahimovic, did OK overall. Stuck to his task.
Cresswell 6 - Rarely got forward in West Ham's backs-to-the-wall rearguard action. Solid.
Antonio 5 - Missed two big chances in the second half. United made him pay.
Obiang 5 - Hardworking midfield performance, but sold himself on United opener.
Feghouli 4 - Was harshly sent off after lunge on Jones. Looked the wrong call.
(Photo: West Ham United via Getty)
Kouyate 6 - Was lucky not to be sent off for a dreadful lunge on Mkhitaryan. Busy.
Payet 6 - Booked. Shown yellow for dissent. Sacrificed early, good set pieces.
Lanzini 7 - Had a brilliant effort saved by De Gea, he was West Ham's liveliest attacker.
Subs
Carroll , for Payet, 69 mins, 5
Ayew, for Lanzini, 89 mins
Manchester United
De Gea 8 - The only player Mourinho hugged after the final whistle. Brilliant stops saved United.
Valencia 7 - Booked. Denied by brilliant Randolph save, good attacking display from right back.
Jones 6 - Fouled by Feghouli but his reaction probably helped make it a red card.
Rojo 6 - Has been excellent recently, but this was not his best display by any means.
Darmian 5 - Booked. Sacrificed at half time for Mata to allow United to go three at the back.
Carrick 6 - Had a good all round game, composed and always looks like he's got time.
Herrera 7 - Hardworking and energetic midfield display. Supplied assist for Ibrahimovic.
(Photo: PA)
Pogba 8 - MotM. Cuts such a physical presence in midfield. Bossed it, was always in control.
Lingard 5 - Incredible miss from point blank range. Substituted early after low key display.
Mkhitaryan 6 - Substituted early. Had a couple of moments, took one heavy challenge.
Ibrahimovic 7 - Scored his 12th goal in as many games. Otherwise subdued by recent standards.
Substitutes
Mata , for Darmian, 46 mins, 7
Rashford , for Lingard, 58 mins, 8
Smalling , for Mkhitaryan, 65 mins, 6
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A homeless man started the New Year with a change of fortune after a 50p he was handed proved to be a rare coin.
The man had been sat outside Greggs on Exeter's High Street today begging for loose change from passers-by.
Police officers spotted him and moved him on, reports the Exeter Express & Echo - but were able to answer a query before he went on his way.
The man had been given 50p and wondered if it was one of the special coins launched in memory of children's author Beatrix Potter.
The officer used his phone to help him check - and it turned out to be a rare coin that could be worth hundreds of pounds.
(Photo: Royal Mint)
(Photo: PA)
In April last year, the Royal Mint produced a series of special edition coins featuring well-loved characters to mark the 150 anniversary of Beatrix Potter.
They are the first children's fictional characters to appear on British coins and proved incredibly popular – selling out in just 8 days.
Special editions featuring a range of Beatrix Potter animals in colour cost £55 new.
However, some sellers are cheekily selling them for several hundreds of pounds on eBay.
The Royal Mint has not revealed precisely how many it minted.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Chief Donald De Lucca is a 32-year law enforcement professional, who was appointed Chief of the City of Doral Florida Police Department in August 2014. From 2011 to 2014, he served as the Chief of the Golden Beach Police Department, a waterfront residential community in Northeast Miami-Dade County. Prior to joining Golden Beach, he served more than 26 years with the Miami Beach Police Department, where he rose steadily through the ranks, becoming Chief of Police in 2001. Chief De Lucca has a solid breadth and depth of departmental experience in both operations and administration.
With the continued growth in the popularity of Miami Beach as the destination of choice for out of town and local visitors alike, Chief De Lucca was tasked with developing innovative plans for a steady stream of major events while balancing the needs of the residential population. To achieve this pivotal balance, Chief De Lucca focused on developing the department's greatest resource – its people. He continues with this philosophy today in Doral. By elevating the emphasis placed on top quality training throughout each employee's career, the leaders of tomorrow's law enforcement industry are developed today.
Chief De Lucca's direction for his law enforcement organizations is to achieve organizational excellence; he and the agencies he has led are committed to operating in a principle-centered way focused on continuous learning and accountability. Chief De Lucca has led these organizations to execute on its highest priorities. Both the Miami Beach and Golden Beach Police Departments received their accreditation during Chief De Lucca's tenure. Additionally, the Doral Police Department received state accreditation in October 2015, becoming the eleventh agency in Miami-Dade County to achieve this goal.
Throughout his career at the three agencies, Chief De Lucca actively pursued comprehensive community policing initiatives based on resident and business engagement, utilized a district plan, initiated the use of non-lethal weapons, developed a Crisis Intervention Team, instituted a Special Events Voluntary Response Team to facilitate the staffing of major events, and reduced crime significantly. In May 2016, the Doral Police Department was one of fifteen agencies selected by the “COPS Office” for best practices as a result of the President's Task Force on 21st Century Policing.
Chief De Lucca was awarded “The Outstanding Law Enforcement Leadership Award” in 2015 and 2016 by the Miami-Dade County Police Benevolent Association.
Chief De Lucca has a Bachelor's Degree from Barry University and is a graduate of Northwestern University's School of Staff and Command where he was class president. He is a life member of the International Association of Chiefs of Police “IACP.” In 2013, he was elected 4th Vice President of the IACP by its membership at its annual conference which represents 30,000 law enforcement executives in over 150 countries. On Oct. 18, 2016, he was sworn in as the 104th of the President of the IACP in San Diego, California.
Lane Filler is a member of the Newsday editorial board. He came to Long Island in 2010. email twitter
HIGHLIGHTS In the decade since Virginia Tech, it feels like we have gotten exactly nowhere addressing gun violence. We have not even agreed on what to address, or how.
In Cleveland, Ohio, Steve Stephens shot a 74-year-old man he had never met before, Robert Godwin Sr., to death, and then posted a video of the Sunday killing on Facebook.
The horror of it all, the television anchors reminding us to shield our eyes and emotions from the video and the chilling words of Stephens himself, raise all the familiar questions. The explanations, so habitual they've become shorthand, and the ever-elusive, ever-desired solutions blip across our brains and dot our conversations.
“Gun control,” of course is one blip, though there is no reason to believe at this point Stephens has done anything that would have cost him his right to own a gun, and no one has said under what circumstances he obtained it. “Do more on mental health,” we murmur . . . but reports are that Stephens has been working for almost a decade at a behavioral health agency that serves children and does not have a criminal record. The addition of social media to the equation, and video, give this killing and eerie dystopian immediacy, but killings, and killers who want the public to know of them, predate smartphones and apps. The hand wringing about the responsibilities of online companies as publishers and curators, and our voyeuristic involvement, is almost comforting as a sideshow, much easier to focus on than such a despair-inducing crime.
Sunday also marked 10 years since a mass shooting on the Virginia Tech campus left 32 people dead, 17 wounded, and a nation shaken and bereft. Families and community members gathered in Blacksburg to be together and remember. On that day a decade ago, it seemed the campus killing spree would be ingrained in our memories forever, perhaps even remain the worst such shooting in our nation's history. But the name of the killer, Seung-Hui Cho, a senior at Virginia Tech, and the details of the event have faded for most of us since.
Part of that is the passage of time, and part of it is the onrush of other violence, from Aurora to Sandy Hook to San Bernadino to the Orlando Pulse nightclub, where 49 people were killed and 53 were wounded last June. That is, for now, the deadliest mass shooting in our nation's history, having relegated Virginia Tech to second place.
In the decade since Virginia Tech, it feels like we have gotten exactly nowhere addressing gun violence. We have not even agreed on what to address, or how. Objectively, we know that homicide rates are down, not up, that for most of us this nation is safe and this kind of violence is vanishingly rare.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
But it is not so rare that any one incident's details remain vivid in our minds. It is not so rare that it does not affect our politics and perspective, our mood and serenity and quality of life.
And now it is right there on the screen. Godwin, trying to speak to Stephens before he is killed, as confused about what is happening as we are, and as powerless to change it.
It's a new day, a new beginning. Its all about starting life afresh. So as you begin a new journey, find out what the stars have in store for you today. There are twelve zodiac signs and each has its distinct feature. Be it, Aries, Taurus, Gemini, Cancer, Leo, Virgo, Libra, Scorpio, Sagittarius, Capricorn, Aquarius and Pisces - each of the signs has something unique to tell.
Check out today's predictions by Sundeep Kochar:
Aries
Be careful and cautious when going for new initiative or new investments. You might forget to look in some critical points that might put you in future financial or legal risk. Your hormones are out in full force and you will be drawing attention of people. People of opposite sex may want to have some romantic outing with you.
Taurus
Your partner may get worried and spend more of your time to calm your partner nerves. You would be able to manage your relationship better and even your opponents will be comfortable with you today. Overall it is a good day but you need to be on your guard.
Gemini
Your loved ones will look up to you for direction in learning higher knowledge. There may be some disharmony in your domestic life. Your mind will be an emotional rollercoaster. You will look to your elders and they will look for your emotional support. Keep yourself cool.
Cancer
For those who are in artistic fields will have a good flow of money today. Slight indecision in person's attitude may result in delay. Only you can handle some extremes. Your love life will be passionate and enduring today in evening. Have fun and just go with the flow.
Leo
You can start a new initiative and you will be surprised to see support from all aspects of life. People will follow you. You may meet some special person who can give you understanding on importance of life and goals. Your spiritual nature and parental support will help you a lot today.
Virgo
Today, it is advisable for you to express yourself boldly and confidently. You have an opportunity today to see what keeps you from being really close to others - perhaps a forgotten hurt or hidden resentment. Your health and vitality are quite good, and you need physical outlets for your energies now.
Libra
There may be a lot of activity in your love life. Career and ambition may be taken care of tomorrow. After all, home is where your shelter, solace and rest lie. Spend time with family and loved ones and just enjoy the day. Why don't you take a break and go out for short trip?
Scorpio
Your social life will bring you joy and recognition. Friends and associates may give advice, which will be beneficial for you. Your diplomacy and peace approach will be useful to handle your opponent's today. It is better to lie low and avoid any conflicts.
Sagittarius
Today, it is advisable for you to express yourself boldly and confidently. Don't be reckless and sign any legal document without full and through study on agreements. Your health and vitality are quite good, and you need physical outlets for your energies now. Your family will be supportive of you and take care of your needs.
Capricorn
You have an abundance of physical energy and self-confidence right now but wise and careful when you are investing. You seem to care less about outside approval and this frees you to act on your own behalf or to do something you have not had the courage to attempt before.
Aquarius
Those in love it is interesting time to be with your partner and you may get to know things about your partner that was not known to you before. Your children will be source of joy. The atmosphere at the work place of someone special may have to be given a serious hearing. Keep your patience and the more compassionate you are, sweeter will be your love life.
Pisces
If you are in a profession dealing with words, ideas, or communication, this is a very productive time for you. Ideas flow and you express your thoughts well. Control your ego and self-esteem as you need mental balance to handle a lot of challenging task as the day progresses.
"So I went back and made sure we had four premium players we liked when we made the trade. Now, as we've continued to study, we've identified a couple more premium players. So if we move back, we've still got to be able to get one of those premium players."
Ballard said the Colts have eight non-quarterbacks defined as "premium players."
But what they need most is to start hitting on their picks.
Off-season CHANGES
Indy added tight end Eric Ebron, a first-round pick in 2014, veteran offensive lineman Matt Slauson and promising players such as defensive end Denico Autry, linebacker Najee Goode and receiver Ryan Grant in free agency.
Their biggest acquisition, though, might be new coach Frank Reich. He took over in February after Josh McDaniels backed out of a deal following the Super Bowl.
Reich has promised to bring a fun, creative offence that relies heavily on tight ends — news that should make Ebron happy.
NEW Defence
Defensive co-ordinator Matt Eberflus, who was initially hired by McDaniels, will switch to the traditional 4-3 front.
Ballard believes some of the players who can help are already on the roster.
John Simon will move from linebacker to defensive end, where he played at Ohio State. Edge rusher Terrell Basham, who played linebacker last season, also may be headed back to his old college spot on the defensive line. And Jabaal Sheard could be the biggest beneficiary by moving back to defensive end where he had his greatest NFL success.
"I think Jabaal Sheard will take off in this defence," Ballard said.
FILLING HOLES
Indy has needs everywhere: Pass rusher, offensive line, cornerback, linebacker, running back and receiver.
So the list of possible first-round picks is long and wide. Some of the names tagged to the Colts include defensive end Bradley Chubb, running back Saquon Barkley, guard Quenton Nelson, linebackers Roquan Smith and Tremaine Edmunds among others.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Indy is rebuilding because it's made too many poor picks over the past five years.
The Colts' top pick in 2013, pass rusher Bjoern Werner, is out of the league. So is Trent Richardson, whom they got in a trade for the 2014 first-round pick. And receiver Phillip Dorsett, Indy's No. 1 pick in 2015, was traded to New England in September.
But Indy's past two first-round picks — centre Ryan Kelly and safety Malik Hooker — have both shown promise when they've stayed healthy.
Their best bargains have been defensive to end Henry Anderson and safety Clayton Geathers, mid-round picks in 2015.
___
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Michael Marot, The Associated Press
TAYLORVILLE, IL. – A manhunt has ended for the suspected shooter in Taylorville, Illinois after three people were shot including a 13-year-old child. The shootings happened Monday morning in the 500 block of South Walnut Street.
A statement sent to FOX 2 from police says that all three victims were taken to Taylorville Memorial Hospital before being transferred to Springfield area hospitals for treatment.
The man wanted in connection to the shootings is 43-year-old Lee Wayne Kennedy. According to multiple sources, Kennedy was taken into custody late Monday afternoon after a standoff with police near a hospital where he shot himself.
Kennedy had been seen driving a white 1996 GMC Sierra extended cab truck, with Illinois registration 2363510B that he may have used to head back to the Southern Illinois area. WAND reported that the suspect's truck was found at a McDonald's in Hillsboro, Illinois Monday afternoon.
WRSP says one victim has a valid Order of Protection against Kennedy. This has been an ongoing domestic violence situation. Anyone with information on Kennedy's whereabouts is asked to call 911 immediately.
Area schools were placed on lockdown during the manhunt. Hillsboro Illinois school posted this message on their Facebook page at around 1:30pm:
“Local law enforcement notified school officials that a vehicle belonging to the suspect in a violent crime committed in another community was found in Hillsboro. There has been no known sighting of the suspect. The three schools in Hillsboro have been placed under a form of administrative lockdown. All exterior doors are locked and student movement is limited.
David E. Powell
Superintendent”
Images of the suspect:
NORTHPORT, Ala. (AP) – Authorities say an Alabama man is dead after his vehicle crashed into a tree.
Alabama State Troopers said 31-year-old Joseph Alan Bowen of Fayette was killed in Tuscaloosa County.
Al.com reports the crash happened at 2:50 a.m. Sunday on a road a few miles north of Northport. Senior Trooper Reginal King said Bowen was a driving a 2008 Hummer that left the road and smashed into a tree. Bowen was not wearing a seatbelt and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
She impressed fans with her sassy character during the first series of the Mummy Diaries.
But on Wednesday, Sam Faiers' mother, Suzie Wells, left her daughter's fan base impressed for another reason - her incredibly youthful and striking looks.
After sharing a sweet throwback snap of her mother, 48, enjoying some quality time with baby Paul on Instagram, many of the former TOWIE star's followers inundated her Suzanne with compliments - with some even confusing Suzie for her other daughter, Billie Faiers.
(Photo: Instagram/samanthafaiers1)
Wishing her mother a happy birthday, Sam, 26, posted a photo of Suzie playing in a sunny swimming pool with her grandson, complete with a big smile.
With Paul in an inflatable ring, Sam's mother can be seen beaming as she treads water beside her grandson.
Wearing her wet blonde hair slicked back off of her face, the mother-of-two's naturally striking and youthful complexion is firmly highlighted.
(Photo: Instagram/samanthafaiers1)
(Photo: Billiefaiers/instagram)
Sam was keen to highlight her mother's striking looks, and cheekily captioned the shot: "#crazygran #groovygrandma #glammy happy birthday mummy we love you soo much. My beautiful kind loving caring mummy #48 looking hot nanny haha [sic]."
And, it would seem, that Gaynor's striking looks certainly made an impression on Sam's 1.8million followers, as they rushed to wish her a happy birthday as well as many a compliment.
One follower even managed to get Suzie confused with Sam's older sister, Billie, 27, commenting: "Omg thought this was @billiefaiersofficial."
(Photo: Instagram/samanthafaiers1)
Another, exclaimed, "Wait wut? I thought that was billy," while another equally amazed fan commented: "Best looking 48yr old I know [sic]."
Suzie herself commented on the post with a loving message back, writing: "@samanthafaiers1 awe thank you my beautiful girl love you all."
But it wasn't just Suzie's post that got Sam's followers talking, as the reality favourite also shared some sweet snaps of her Valentine's Day, which she appeared to spend with boyfriend Paul Knightley and their baby son at London's Dorchester hotel.
Photo: K24 Tv Digital
Kesses constituency aspiring member of parliament Dr. Mishra Kiprop was on Tuesday 18 TH morning attacked near his office by a group of unknown men believed to have been hired by his political rivals.
Mishra who is vying for the seat under the Jubilee Party ticket was meeting his supporters at a local hotel when the attackers approached them and engaged them in a war of words accusing them of trespassing into their territory.
Mishra is currently undergoing treatment at an Eldoret hospital while police launch investigations into the incident.
You still can't buy the Android-toting Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3, but HMD Global, the firm behind the new Nokia handsets, has confirmed exclusively to TechRadar that the trio will be upgraded to Android O (Android 8) once it's available.
Android O is the next version of Google's mobile platform, and was announced at the search giant's annual IO conference in May.
A spokesperson from HMD Global told TechRadar "the smartphones will get the Android O update once the new release is available from Google for their OEM partners, the same way HMD Global is committed to the monthly Android security updates".
Not available right away
The Android O update is not slated to be available until Q3 2017 (September or October), and it's unlikely the new Nokia smartphones will get the update right away.
The spokesperson told us they couldn't comment on the arrival date for Android O on the Nokia 6, 5 and 3 – but in the past it has sometimes taken manufacturers months to roll out new software.
There is a potential silver lining for the Nokia 6, 5 and 3 though, as they run an almost stock version of Android 7, which should make the switch to Android 8 quicker and easier.
We hope it'll be available before Christmas, making the new Nokias some of the first phones to get the update.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
A new piece of evidence has emerged to add weight to previous speculation that Microsoft is going to be selling hardware products (and not just apps) via the Microsoft Store (formerly known as the Windows Store).
The latest rumor comes courtesy of prolific Microsoft leaker WalkingCat, who posted a screenshot of a ‘Shop Surface' section within the Microsoft Store selling the firm's Surface devices and related accessories.
While this is far from a cast-iron guarantee that hardware will be sold in Windows 10's built-in store, the appearance of an actual designed-and-implemented section of the shop certainly makes it seem like this is Microsoft's eventual plan.
Buying tonight
Particularly when you consider the earlier rumors we reported on last month, which include a tech site successfully making a hardware purchase within the store in a preview version of Windows (showing that the functionality is actually working at some underlying level, in testing).
While you can, of course, purchase Surface hybrids and other hardware online at Microsoft's web store, being able to do so from directly within Windows 10 would add a new level of convenience, not to mention security (with integrated Windows Hello verification).
And obviously enough, for Microsoft, this is another potential avenue of sales, and a way to push its Surface line – which is picking up momentum according to the company's latest fiscal report.
Via: Engadget
0
Montclair State University 2016 graduate, James Duffy is already dominating the fashion industry— and he's only 24 years old.
Prior to his enrollment at Montclair State, Duffy attended William Patterson as a fine arts major. While he has always had a passion for art, during his sophomore year he began thinking of his art career more as a hobby.
“I loved fashion growing up and wanted to combine my artistic abilities with my love for fashion,” he said. “I transferred to Montclair [State's] fashion studies program where I could learn about the business of fashion, and still keep my love for art by designing clothes.
“Fashion is the best of both worlds for me,” continued 24-year-old Duffy, who did not always intend on pursuing this career path. However, he found that design and art can be integrated within fashion perfectly.
Duffy said that the fashion studies major give him knowledge on fashion business as well as design skills which are required for budding designers to create and grow.
During his first semester at Montclair State, Duffy, then 20, began designing and learned how to sew and produce garments in his design minor classes.
“I wasted no time jumping into design classes to get ahead of the curve and working towards my design minor,” he said.
This minor has helped Duffy immensely as he uses the draping, patterning and custom design skills he learned to start to grow his couture brand.
In particular, he found draping to be his favorite class, of which he said, “It allowed me to step out of my comfort zone and create a piece that felt more like art than a commercial design.”
Duffy praised the professors in the program, noting Dr. Lillethun and Professor Otte as his favorites, of whom he said, “They both inspired me to always take the next step in my studies that would allow me to advance in my future endeavors.”
One of his favorite memories from the program, he said, was “studying abroad in London for my design research project and creating a piece which was inspired by the history of London and the ever-changing pace of modern NYC.”
Duffy, who is currently working at Marchesa as a production assistant, said, “My responsibilities include overseeing our factory work, providing our factories with all the essential materials needed to create each piece, managing cost sheets, sourcing fabrics, assisting our pattern makers and production design team and ensuring that all pieces are accounted for and that they are properly made so we can sell and ship them to the stores and companies that have ordered these couture gowns.”
He added, “I am very fortunate to be working for my favorite designers Georgina Chapman and Keren Craig at Marchesa. I have loved and been inspired by this company long before I started interning at Marchesa during my college career.”
Duffy said that his greatest accomplishment thus far has been showing his own collection at Montclair Fashion Night Out earlier in September, having the opportunity to work at his favorite brand and going to runway shows.
Referring to his edgier personal style, Duffy said “I like to make a statement and stand out, even if I stand out like a sore thumb.” However, he defines his designs as, “more elegant than edgy, and softer than my hard personal style.”
While Duffy currently only works on women's wear, he intends to start men's wear in the future.
“My favorite part about designing and creating clothing is the moment your design comes to life, as well as the moment a client tries on your design and you can watch them fall in love with what their wearing.” said Duffy.
The future is bright for Duffy. He explained, “In the next 10 years I hope to own my own brand, company, start a team of creative people and do what I love to do everyday: design. I want to create a brand that people will fall in love with and want to work at. But my ultimate goal in life is to show at least one time at New York Fashion Week as Designer James Tobias.”
Overall, fashion plays an influential role in Duffy's life. “Most people think that fashion is vain or that you only care about your appearance.” he said. “But the fashion industry is much more than that. This industry works to open the eyes of its consumers to a larger picture, uniting society and standing as one. The fashion industry has taught me how to be more of a well-rounded person, spreading light to controversial issues around the world that are sometimes closed out to us as a society.”
Director Raoul Peck: James Baldwin Was 'Speaking Directly To Me'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ralph Gatti/AFP/Getty Images Ralph Gatti/AFP/Getty Images
The late James Baldwin was one of the most influential African-American writers to emerge during the civil rights era. During the late 1950s and 1960s, he traveled through the South and addressed racial issues head on.
In the course of his work, Baldwin got to know the civil rights leaders Martin Luther King Jr., Medgar Evers and Malcolm X. He was devastated when each man was assassinated, and planned, later in life, to write a book about all three of them.
Though Baldwin died in 1987 before that book could be written, the new Oscar-nominated documentary, I Am Not Your Negro, draws on his notes for the book, as well as from other of Baldwin's writings.
Haitian-born filmmaker Raoul Peck, who directed I Am Not Your Negro, tells Fresh Air's Terry Gross that working on the film allowed him to learn more about an author who had influenced him greatly.
"James Baldwin was one of the first authors ever where I felt not only at home, but he was speaking directly to me," Peck says. "He gave me very early on the instruments I needed to understand and to even deconstruct the world around me."
The audio link above features a 1986 interview with Baldwin, followed by a recent conversation with Peck.
Interview Highlights
On how growing up in Haiti and the Congo, and experiencing political instability in each place, impacted him creatively
When you grow up in so many different places, you tend to take the good part of it, which is, again, this possibility to have different perspectives, and it gives a sort of lightness to the way you look at things. My whole life I tried not to have a heavy burden on me, you know, ... to [not] have this sort of weight that forbids you to take risk, you know? ... When you know that you can leave next year or leave in the middle of the year and be somewhere else, because you have gone through that experience, it's very liberating. At the same time, in order to understand what's going on in your country or in another country, the fact that you are far away helps you to see what is important and not important, because you can compare.
On seeing governments change and fall at a young age and how it affected his view of authority
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lydie Sipa/Courtesy of Magnolia Pictures Lydie Sipa/Courtesy of Magnolia Pictures
I learned very early on what fear could be, what arbitrary could be, and injustice. If there is something that determined my motivation in the work I do [it] is the sense of injustice. This is something that I cannot accept, on every level. And the fact of abuse, abuse of authority.
I have a very vivid memory at a very young age of road blocks by the army. In fact, the night my father was arrested [in Haiti] my mother took me in the car, and it was a late night, there was a curfew, and I remember being in my pajamas in the back of the car, and my mother driving through the city trying to find where my father was, because she thought he might be in a friend's house or in the hospital, and there was a curfew so it was very dangerous. I remember very vividly the road blocks.
And in Congo, a few years later, there were ... several rebellions, and of course the army had road blocks and the U.N. had road blocks, so ... my relationship to authority and to police and to army was a relationship through road blocks, because on these road blocks, it was always about how does the conversation go? You need to give the right answers to the questions, and depending on the answer you gave, you know, you could be arrested as well.
On what he learned from James Baldwin's writing
What I learned from Baldwin is this way of questioning something that might seem solid. Nothing is solid, and this sort of agility, of mental agility, and intellectual agility to question everything, I think Baldwin helped me to have that very early on in my life.
On why Baldwin chose to live abroad for much of his life, particularly in France
He found a sort of space where he could write. He could have peace. He described very clearly how the pressure of being a black writer in America was a pressure, a fear even, to be killed or to not be able to control your anger, because ... there were so many instances in a day, every day, where you would be confronted with racism in all its different forms.
Sometimes it's a very subtle racism, but Baldwin with his intelligence and his very sensible and sensitive emotion, he would react to it. He would get himself in trouble. So being abroad was not only saving him from himself, but also he learned to know other people, to have different perspective. This is also very valuable for a writer, because when you are far away from your own country, this is the best viewpoint to really understand what is essential, what is less essential, what is superficial, and what is fundamental.
On Baldwin coming back from France to the U.S.
The notion that he likes to use all the time [is] about being a witness. You know, in order to be a witness, you have to be there. You have to be also part actor. You have to be in the middle of the battle in order to be able to write about that battle.
On the power of film and his responsibility as a filmmaker
I don't think film can change the world or film can change the fate of a country — people change the fate of a country. But at the same time, I know ... that film can change a person, because it [catches] you at the right moment and helps you do the necessary change. ...
As a black person and as a third-world person ... I don't have my own narrative in this medium, which is cinema. Since the discovery of cinema others have been the one telling the story. ... A Native American could redo all the John Wayne westerns from a different perspective. This is what we don't have, we don't have our own visual history. So being a filmmaker for me was also trying to save part of our memory, part of our images, part of our stories. I saw it as one of the responsibilities to have to make sure that we are not totally dead in the picture.
