For the first time, a U.S. team walked away with top honors at the prestigious Bocuse d'Or chef competition, seen as the Olympics of cooking.
The U.S. team was led by chef Mathew Peters and commis, or assistant, Harrison Turone. Norway took silver, and Iceland took bronze.
The competition pits 24 chefs against each other and is billed as the "most demanding and prestigious reward in world gastronomy," started by legendary French chef Paul Bocuse. The U.S. has long been an underdog: It has only stood on the podium once before, when it took silver in 2015.
Chefs prepare for months for the strenuous competition, which held its grand finale in Lyon, France, on Tuesday and Wednesday. Before they even get there, they must first prove their mettle over 18 months of qualifying rounds.
The finale was comprised of two "highly symbolic tests," which the chefs must complete in 5 hours and 35 minutes. The first test, described as a nod to the past, called for contestants to prepare a "modern interpretation" of the classic Lyonnaise dish "chicken and crayfish." This dish was the theme of the first-ever contest, held in 1987.
This is what the U.S. team prepared, according to The New York Times:
"The American version involved the chicken with morel mushroom sausage, braised wings, a wine glaze and sauce Américaine, a kind of lobster sauce. Alongside were a chicken liver quenelle with foie gras, corn custard, black-eyed peas and toasted pistachios, as well as lobster tail with Meyer lemon mousse. The garnishes included preparations using carrots, Vidalia onions, black truffles, carrots, peas and potatoes."
The chefs were also tasked with creating an entirely vegan dish — because the Bocuse d'Or is "a resolutely modern contest." A press release from the competition explains that "it is now time to treat vegetal products as main ingredients in their own right and treat them just like fish or meat."
For this component, the U.S. team made "California asparagus with cremini mushrooms, potatoes, a custard made of green almonds, Meyer lemon confit, a Bordelaise sauce and a crumble using an almond and vegetable yeast preparation that mimicked Parmesan cheese," the Times reports.
"The inspiration for the dishes came from where I've come from: from New York to California," Peters told Fine Dining Lovers after the team's win. "I wanted to bring something that was all American. And that's what we did."
Peters, a veteran of renowned restaurants Per Se and The French Laundry, has been rigorously preparing for the competition. He told The Daily Beast that for some 12 hours a day, five days a week, he "has cooked an unchanging roster of dishes over and over again."
The win also holds deep significance for esteemed chef Thomas Keller, the team's president. "There are no words to describe how proud we are," Keller told Fine Dining Lovers. "When we started this almost nine years ago, we promised Monsieur Paul [Bocuse] that we would get gold. I'm really, really proud today that we're able to honor him."
(Photo provided by the Busan Jin Police)
A man who attempted to commit suicide by leaking gas inside his flat in Busan on Monday ended up causing a blast that injured himself and another.Busan Jin Police Station said an explosion occurred on the ninth floor of a 14-story building in Busanjin-gu at around 2:20 a.m.The fire died down within five minutes thanks to an automatic sprinkler system, but the explosion severely damaged glass, the ceiling and bathroom door inside Lee's home, resulting in estimated damages of 35 million won ($30,700).The 22-year-old tenant of the blasted flat, surnamed Lee, is being treated at a hospital for third-degree burns.A 24-year-old tenant of the building surnamed Choi, who lives on the upper floor, is also being treated at a hospital for minor injuries. She was hurt by debris from the explosion.A police investigation revealed that Lee had used tape to cover the gaps between the doors and windows and cut the gas valve to end his “debt-ridden state.”However, Lee also lit a cigarette to have a smoke, which resulted in the explosion.By Lim Jeong-yeo (kaylalim@heraldcorp.com)
Sunday, August 13, 2017 at 7:15 pm |
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian government forces seized full control of the last major town in Homs province held by Islamic State, Syrian state media reported on Saturday, as the army and its allies press a multi-pronged advance into eastern areas held by the jihadist group.
Syrian state media cited a military source saying Islamic State terrorists had been killed and their weapons destroyed at the town of al-Sukhna, some 30 miles northeast of the ancient city of Palmyra.
The town is also located some 30 miles from the provincial boundary of Deir al-Zor province, Islamic State's last major foothold in Syria and a major target for the Syrian government.
The jihadists have lost swathes of Syrian territory to separate campaigns being waged by government forces backed by Russia and Iran, and by the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic (SDF) Forces, which is dominated by the Kurdish YPG militia. The SDF is currently focused on capturing Raqqa city from Islamic State.
Syrian government forces advancing from the west have recently crossed into Deir al-Zor province from southern areas of Raqqa province.
Islamic State controls nearly all of Deir al-Zor province, which is bordered to the east by Iraq. The Syrian government still controls a pocket of territory in Deir al-Zor city, and a nearby military base.
Just a little over a week into The Resurrection Tour with co-headliner, Black Veil Brides, Asking Alexandria faced technical difficulties during a song when one of the guitars stopped working during their set at The Rave Friday night.
To pass the time as the guitar was being fixed off stage, lead singer Danny Worsnop and guitarist, Ben Bruce, spent the time talking to fans, telling stories about when they had first played at The Rave, as well as jokes, having Bruce chug a beer, a drum solo and an impromptu cover of Journey's “Don't Stop Believing”.
“I apologize to the core of by being for this,” Worsnop said to the fans who waited for the show to start once more, “Trust me, it's equally uncomfortable for me. Even more so for me, you are all just looking at one person. I'm looking at 3,000 people who are all staring at me, waiting for what they paid for.”
After around 10 minutes of antics, the Bruce walked to the front of the stage, rolling on his guitar, and Worsnop began to restart the song “Killing You,” from their 2012 album, From Death to Destiny.
The setlist was a balance of old and new songs, featuring an acoustic start to their 2012 song “Moving On,” and fan-favorite, “Not the American Average,” in which the band faced more technical issues, where the drums and bass guitar had lost their sound.
“You have no idea what just happened up here,” Worsnop told the crowd, later telling the fans the issues they were able to fix without stopping the show.
The set-list also featured songs from the Asking Alexandria's new self-titled album such as the single “Into The Fire”, and “Alone in the Room”.
Co-Headliner's Black Veil Brides followed with new music from their album The Vale, which was released earlier in January and paid tribute to their beginnings with the song “When They Call My Name”, which has a montage of old videos of the band's early years that played on a screen behind them.
The crowd of fans began to push towards the front as lead singer, Andy Biersack, thanked the crowd for listening to their songs, and for spending time with the band.
Black Veil Brides also played a medley of old songs such as “Knives and Pens”, “Fallen Angels”, and songs off their 2013 album, Wretched and Divine, featuring a slower song “Lost It All”, where Biersack had the crowd sing the lyrics back.
The opener for the two headlining bands at The Rave was Crown the Empire, who parted ways with vocalist, Dave Escamilla, back in June of 2017, leaving the rest of the band to share the heavier vocals of songs such as “The Fallout” and “Machines.”
Asking Alexandria worked hard to get the crowd moving and to engage them with their set, thanking all the moms at the show “for their service,” and retelling a story of his first experience in Milwaukee when lead singer, Andrew Velasquez, was 18 years-old. Velasquez also made a comment about the vape clouds that filled the room, joking that instead of seeing hands, he wanted to see clouds, and to the crowd's amusement, puffs of white smoke came from across the room.
The Resurrection tour will continue at the Riviera Theatre in Chicago, Illinois before they head to the UK and Europe before coming back to the US.
Trump also informed Macron and his TV audience that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un wanted to meet “as soon as possible.” The president, who once derided Kim as “Little Rocket Man,” said the North Korean dictator had been “very open” and “very honourable” so far.
Trump issued his warning alongside French President Emmanuel Macron in the Oval Office, where the two allies were to discuss the multinational nuclear accord, the war in Syria and other issues during a day of meetings at the White House.
WASHINGTON—Weighing withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal, U.S. President Donald Trump declared on Tuesday that if the Iranians “restart their nuclear program, they will have bigger problems than they've ever had before.”
Macron told Trump that together the U.S. and France would defeat terrorism, curtail weapons of mass destruction in North Korea and Iran and act together on behalf of the planet, a reference to Macron's work to revive a U.S. role in the Paris climate accord.
As for Iran, Trump was asked if you might be willing to stay in the accord. He replied, “People know my views on the Iran deal. ... It's insane, it's ridiculous. It should have never been made.”
One of Macron's main objectives during his three-day visit to Washington is to persuade Trump to stay in the accord. Trump remains publicly undecided but reminded his French counterpart of what he sees as flaws in the agreement, which he said fails to address ballistic missiles or Iran's activities in Yemen or Syria.
Macron told reporters that he and Trump would look at the Iran deal “in a wider regional context,” taking into account the situation in Syria. “We have a common objective, we want to make sure there's no escalation and no nuclear proliferation in the region. We now need to find the right path forward,” Macron said.
Trump suggested he was open to “doing something” on the Iran agreement as long as it was done “strongly.” He told Macron, “We could have at least an agreement among ourselves very quickly.” But when he was asked by reporters what that agreement would be, Trump said, “You'll find out.”
Domestic concerns were also near the surface for Trump. He refused to answer a reporter's question as to whether he is considering a pardon for his personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, whose office was raided by the FBI. Trump called it “a stupid question.” Cohen has not been charged in the case.
In a lighter moment, Trump and Macron demonstrated some of the chemistry that has marked their relationship. The U.S. president brushed something off Macron's suit jacket, saying, “We have a very special relationship, in fact I'll get that little piece of dandruff off.” Trump added, “We have to make him perfect — he is perfect.”
The meetings followed a pomp-filled welcome ceremony on the South Lawn. Trump said before an audience of U.S. soldiers and members of his Cabinet that the relationship he forged with Macron at the start of his presidency was a testament to the “enduring friendship that binds our two nations.” He thanked the French leader for his “steadfast partnership” in the recent missile strike in response to the chemical attack in Syria.
Macron said, “History is calling us. It is urging our people to find the fortitude that has guided us in the most difficult of times. France and with it, Europe, and the United States have an appointment with history.”
The social highlight of Macron's visit, the first state visit of the Trump presidency, comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera. On Monday night, the leaders took a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and had dinner at the Potomac River home of George Washington in Mount Vernon, Virginia.
Tuesday's meetings follow the collaboration by the U.S., France and Britain in missile strikes in Syria earlier this month to respond to the alleged chemical weapons attack. The U.S. has 2,000 troops in Syria assisting local Arab and Kurdish fighters against Daesh, also known as ISIS or ISIL, though Trump has resisted a deeper U.S. involvement and is eager to withdraw completely from Syria.
Macron's three-day visit to Washington underscores the importance that both sides attach to the relationship: Macron, who calls Trump often, has emerged as something of a “Trump whisperer” at a time when the American president's relationships with other European leaders are more strained. Trump, who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony, chose to honour Macron with the first state visit of his administration as he woos the French president.
For all their camaraderie, Macron and Trump disagree on some fundamental issues, including the multinational nuclear deal, which is aimed at restricting Iran's development of nuclear weapons. Trump, skeptical of the pact's effectiveness, has been eager to pull out as a May 12 deadline nears. Macron says he is not satisfied with the situation in Iran and thinks the agreement is imperfect, but he has argued for the U.S. sticking with the deal on the grounds that there is not yet a “Plan B.”
Trump ended his first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. He was Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the centre of Paris. Macron and his wife also took Trump and first lady Melania Trump on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.
Macron was welcomed back to the White House on Tuesday with a traditional arrival ceremony featuring nearly 500 members of the U.S. military and a booming 21-gun salute. He was also attending a State Department lunch hosted by Vice-President Mike Pence.
Gamecocks suffer the largest loss of season at Texas A&M
COLLEGE STATION, Texas (AP) – Junior guard Admon Gilder scored 15 points and Texas A&M dominated South Carolina from the start, winning 83-60 on Saturday in Reed Arena.
The Aggies (15-8, 4-6 Southeastern Conference) led 49-27 at half, in shooting 63 percent (17 of 27) from the field in the first 20 minutes. The Gamecocks (13-10, 4-6) shot 21.1 percent (8 of 38) in the same span, as A&M blasted to the 22-point lead. A&M finished 29 of 55 from the field, good for 53 percent.
Justin Minaya scored 16 points and grabbed seven rebounds to lead the Gamecocks.
A&M sophomore forward Robert Williams collected five blocks, to go with 11 points, and the Aggies' 11 total blocks were one shy of the team record of 12 set in 2013 against Mississippi State. A&M dominated South Carolina in points in the paint (40 to 18) and on the fast break (17-4).
BIG PICTURE
South Carolina: The Gamecocks looked a long way from their Final Four appearance of last season in the blowout loss. South Carolina entered the game at .500 on the road in SEC contests, but wasn't in this one from the start. The Gamecocks are trying to make the NCAA Tournament in consecutive seasons for the first time since 1997-98.
Texas A&M: The Aggies looked like the team that had risen to No. 5 nationally leading into SEC play, before they lost their first five league games because of injuries and suspensions. Performances like the one on Saturday, despite A&M still owning a losing record in SEC action, are why analysts like ESPN's Joe Lunardi project A&M in the NCAA Tournament as a 10th seed as of this week.
KEY STAT
The Aggies shot 53 percent from the floor and outscored the Gamecocks 40-18 in the paint Saturday afternoon.
NOTABLE
Carolina gave up a season-high 83 points. Texas A&M is just the second team to score 80 or more versus the Gamecocks this season (Mississippi State, 81).
Freshman wing Justin Minaya played 32 minutes after missing his first career game on Wednesday night versus Mississippi State with an ankle injury. He led Carolina with 16 points today and also pulled down seven rebounds, one shy of a career high.
night versus Mississippi State with an ankle injury. He led Carolina with 16 points today and also pulled down seven rebounds, one shy of a career high. Junior forward Chris Silva was the only other Gamecock in double figures with 12. He led the team with eight rebounds and two blocks.
UP NEXT
South Carolina continues SEC action on the road when it travels to face Arkansas at Bud Walton Arena on Tuesday. Tip is scheduled for 7 p.m. ET vs. the Razorbacks, with Jason Benetti (play-by-play) and Dalen Cuff (analyst) on the call for ESPN2.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Walter Investment Management Corp:
* . ANNOUNCES CEO TRANSITION PLAN
* SAYS CEO AND PRESIDENT ANTHONY N. RENZI RESIGNED
* EXPECTS TO RETAIN EXECUTIVE SEARCH FIRM TO IDENTIFY, EVALUATE INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL CANDIDATES TO SUCCEED RENZI Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
While the jury is still out on why, it's pretty clear that mental illness is on the rise in the United States in recent years. Titles like "The Meteoric Rise of Mental Illness in America and Implications for Other Countries" and "The Alarming Rise in Teen Mental Illness" blare at us from social media and news outlets. Mass shooting after mass shooting is attributed to individual mental health problems, rather than structural societal ones. The opioid epidemic barrels forward, with no sign of stopping. And, at the same time, a recent CDC study found that despite increases in serious mental distress, access to mental health services are on the decline.
So what do you do if you're suffering from depression, but your insurance doesn't cover therapy? Or what about when you start having debilitating anxiety attacks, but you don't even have insurance? Or what if you've tried traditional therapy but it doesn't seem to work for you and your particular ailments? One answer: Find alternative types of therapy.
“Alternative” therapy just refers to anything that isn't traditional talk therapy or cognitive behavioral therapy. (You, know — the image of sitting down in a room with a therapist and talking about your feelings.) It can include working with a professional or can simply be an activity that helps people manage their minds, feelings, and symptoms. While traditional therapy has been and continues to be a great resource for people dealing with mental health issues and trauma, it's not available to or not the right fit for plenty of people.
With that in mind, here are nine people who use different types of alternative therapy, and why they love it.
1 Arielle, 27: Dance Andrew Zaeh/Bustle "I suffer from pretty intense derealization and dissociation and find that dance is one of the only modalities to really help get me back into my body. When I stay consistent, I find it's really helpful. I've been off the wagon for a bit and notice my symptoms intensify when I haven't danced in a while. By just having a few moments of tapping back into my body and myself, I find that I don't get as anxious or nervous when I'm floating above myself the rest of the day, because I have a point of reference to come back to. I just recently started getting back into traditional therapy, which is definitely helpful but doesn't alleviate any symptoms. It's been a great way to focus on the specific issues I want to work on and make me feel like I'm doing everything I can to get better, but it doesn't necessarily help me get better."
2 Anonymous: Trauma Sensitive Yoga Andrew Zaeh/Bustle "[I use] trauma sensitive yoga to incorporate therapy and healing into my physical body once I had gotten to that stage in my recovery. Yes, I am still doing both [traditional and alternative therapy]. I find the combination of "traditional" and "alternative" to be the most effective, rather than one or the other."
3 Irene, 40: Somatic Experiencing Therapy Andrew Zaeh/Bustle "[I chose this form of therapy] because trauma is stored in the body and cannot be released by talking about it. Somatic Experiencing works with the nervous system to release stuck energy from a past nervous system activation (when we were unable to fight/flee or froze) that did not get discharged (nervous system was not allowed to calm down), thereby creating a new balanced, relaxed and calm normal. Somatic Experiencing helped me release pent up anger and regulate my nervous system, releasing most triggers that would have created anxiety in the past. I have done traditional therapy and coaching before and it helped to a point — but it did not go deep enough within the body, so I had outbursts of anger and anxiety that I did not know were coming from or how to manage them."
4 Genya: Reiki glisic_albina/Fotolia "I found a therapist who is also a reiki practitioner, so she offers both talk therapy and reiki for my anxiety. And since she's an LMHC my insurance covers our visits. I love it! It's an amazing option for dealing with stress and anxiety. When I'm having trouble slowing down to process complex emotions, it's a great tool."
5 Emma, 31: Acupuncture Joe Raedle/Getty Images News/Getty Images "I actually started acupuncture as treatment for a hormone imbalance, but I found that talking about the different things that are affecting my energy each week has been as therapeutic as — if not more than — the needles themselves. I've done traditional therapy in the past but the thought of finding a therapist right now exhausts me. Starting acupuncture felt like a much lower barrier to entry."
6 Chris, 45: Biking Thomas Lohnes/Getty Images News/Getty Images "I hate all people. You know, pretty much. [I chose to bike because] it's biking. Ipso facto, it is awesome. Did couple counseling once. Meh. People are really really really stupid and there's just no substitute for good ol' introspection."
7 Michael, 43: 5 Rhythms And Ecstatic Dance Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "Check out Maps to Ecstasy by Gabrielle Roth. It's an effective and fun way to process through emotions via movement. And the community is amazing, all over the world. I have not done traditional therapy, but am familiar with it. The model isn't my style."
8 Alex, 30: Meditation, Self-Help Books Andrew Zaeh/Bustle "[I chose this type of therapy because] I feel like it is more on my time. I like that I'm not expecting anything of anyone else, even a therapist... I know from the outside it looks great. I'm positive that I'm checking lots of societal boxes, but I'm not sure I'm doing all I want to. No, I know I'm not. I want a lot."
Snap CEO Evan Spiegel came out swinging against Facebook during his fireside chat at Recode's Code Conference in Southern California Tuesday, hitting the bigger competitor on issues like privacy and Russian interference.
“We'd appreciate it if they copied our data protection practices also,” Spiegel said when asked about Facebook copying core Snapchat features like Stories. “It's important to remember that there was no Russian manipulation of data on Snapchat,” he added.
He also argued that Snapchat was ultimately more than the sum of its features. “Our values are actually really hard to copy,” he said. What was unique about the company was its sharp focus on empowering its members to express themselves.
Spiegel used his fireside chat to defended his approach to product design, arguing that he'd prefer to release a product if the underlying thesis is right rather than spend a lot of time testing. “If we believe that a reason is sound, we are willing to push out the product,” he said. “If we lean too heavily on data, we just wait and wait and wait.”
Those comments came in response to reports blaming Spiegel's management style for the company's struggles with its recent redesign, which resulted in a user revolt, and forced the company to roll back some key design decisions. Asked about those struggles, Spiegel defended the core idea of separating private communications from interactions with celebrities, but acknowledged that the company had to work on its execution.
Related Snapchat's Parent Launches 'Yellow' Incubator Program for Mobile-Content Creators
He also acknowledged that he had underestimated how investors would react to these changes. “It requires a bit more grit,” he said about the difference between running a public and a private company. At the same time, he defended Snap's decision to go public as the better alternative to selling the company: “It was the logical step for us.”
Spiegel was also asked about Snap's company culture in the wake of a report about an internal email that had criticized the company for not caring enough about diversity and inclusion. “That was really a wake-up call for us,” he said about the letter, which was penned by a former engineer on her last day with the company.
He went on to say that he was “proud of the progress” the company was making on this front. Earlier on Tuesday, the company told Cheddar that only 13% of its engineering roles were filled with women.
Spiegel's appearance at the conference came at a critical time for the company: Both the botched redesign and stagnating growth have spooked investors, and a recent underwhelming Q1 earnings report didn't help to soothe their nerves. As a result, Snap's share price is now hovering around $10.50, down $6.50 from the company's IPO price a little over a year ago.
On Tuesday, Spiegel said that investors were often worried about short-term trends. One example he pointed to be the transition from direct ad sales to programmatic, which drove down the price of individual ads but ultimately helped the company to sell a lot more inventory. “To me, it teaches the importance of having that long-term conviction,” he said.
SYDNEY, Australia — Chris Lynn scored 44 runs and Glenn Maxwell was 40 not out to pace Australia to a rain-affected seven-wicket victory over New Zealand in a Twenty20 tri-series match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Saturday.
After being sent in to bat, New Zealand was restricted to 117 for nine in its 20 overs. A rain delay reduced Australia's target under the Duckworth-Lewis method to 95 runs in 15 overs, and the hosts scored 96-3 in 11.3 overs for an easy victory.
Australia fast bowler Billy Stanlake finished with figures of 3-15 after removing New Zealand's top order. Stanlake took wickets off his first two balls to remove both New Zealand openers before claiming another wicket in his three-over opening spell.
In just his fourth international match, the 23-year-old Stanlake beat Colin Munro and Tom Bruce for pace and bounce on the pull shot when both were on three.
His inswinging delivery to remove Martin Guptill was his best, taking the top off Guptill's stump.
"That is the most nervous that I have felt in quite a while," Stanlake said. "The first over seemed to settle me down a bit, so that was nice."
Stanlake, named man of the match, and fellow opening pace bowler Kane Richardson (0-28) were so dominant that they sent down 18 dot balls in the first four overs and held New Zealand to 3-29 in the six-over power play.
It was the first match in the tri-series tournament also involving England. Australia plays England on Wednesday in Hobart and next Saturday in Melbourne before the series shifts to New Zealand.
By The Associated Press
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
BEJING, Dec 11 (APP):The Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) and its flagship project, China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), are an extension of President Xi Jinping's dream to improve living standard of Chinese people as well as benefit the rest of the world.
“I am impressed by President Xi Jinping's commitment to realizing the Chinese dream not only to improve the standard of living of the Chinese people but also to benefit the rest of the world,” according to an article of Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif published in a Chinese media website peopleapp.com here on Monday
.
The “Belt and Road Initiative” and its flagship project, the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, are an extension of this dream and build a community of common interests and a common destiny based on common prosperity, he added.
He said the key reason for the successful rise of contemporary China is the wise leadership and foresight of the Chinese Communist Party and the hard work of the Chinese people.
The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China not only provides a blueprint for China's development in the next five years, but also provides a platform for building a society by the middle of this century.
The modern powerful nation has formulated a road map. Xi Jinping's Socialist Thoughts with Chinese Characteristics in a new era embodied in the “Constitution of the Communist Party of China”.
This thought is rooted in the persistence and development of socialism with Chinese characteristics and fully demonstrates that Chairman Xi Jinping is a brilliant leader who looks to the future.
The Punjab CM said, since the CPC's 18th CPC National Congress in 2012, the CPC Central Committee with General Secretary Xi Jinping as the core has led the Chinese people in adhering to the development concept of innovation, coordination, greenness, openness and sharing, and actively advocated building a community of human destiny and promoting the reform of the global governance system.
China's gross domestic product (GDP) grew at an average annual rate of 7.2% from 2013 to 2016, higher than the world average of 2.6% in the same period.
This confirms that China's economy is on a track of medium and high-speed growth. In 2016, China's GDP was equivalent to 11.2 trillion US dollars, accounting for 14.8% of the world total, up 3.4 percentage points from 2012.
China's per capita gross national income increased from 5,940 dollars in 2012 to over 8,000 dollars in 2016, further approaching the level of middle-income countries.
China ranked at 25th in the 2016 Global Innovation Index rankings. In the past five years, on average, nearly 14 million people in China have lifted out of poverty each year and by 2020 all rural people will be out of poverty.
He remarked that the “Belt and Road Initiative” has followed the pace of the times and received positive responses from more than 100 countries and numerous international organizations including the United Nations.
The “Belt and Road Initiative” has written a new chapter in an epic future, and building a community of mutual benefits is the only way for the billions of people in the world, especially in Asia, Africa and Europe, to move towards common prosperity.
The key reason for the successful rise of contemporary China is the wise leadership and foresight of the Chinese Communist Party and the hard work of the Chinese people.
China has become the second largest economy in the world and one of the most important global forces is what it wants.
The trend of political nationalism has started in western countries, making some people in the world doubt the foundation of economic globalization.
In his keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum in 2017, President Xi Jinping looked at economic globalization and stated that “integration into the world economy is a general direction of history.”
His proposition on South-South cooperation and North-South dialogue has also aroused the resonance of the international community.
The 21st century is widely praised as “the century of Asia.” Under Xi Jinping's presidency, China plays a central role in the world progress of the 21st century.
“Pakistan regards China as an “all-weather friend.” China's progress constantly inspires us. We sincerely hope that we can learn from our great friends like China to drive our own progress and prosperity,” he concluded.
In Mexico City, A Technicolor Borough Serves Up Tasty Street Foods — On Water
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Zaragoza for NPR Alex Zaragoza for NPR
Erica Abad glides down the ancient canals of Xochimilco, a borough of Mexico City, on her gondola-like boat. Her cousin, Efren Lopez, steers their boat — called a chalupa — by pushing against the canal floor with a long wooden pole, while Abad flips a sizzling quesadilla on a steel griddle fitted into the boat. When a group of people on a nearby barge signal to them to order some quesadillas, Lopez navigates the boat toward them. And Abad places a few more quesadillas on the griddle for their customers. As the quesadillas turn golden, with the cheese inside perfectly melted, she fills them with huitlacoche (a deliciously earthy fungus that grows on organic corn), mushroom, chorizo, squash blossom and other ingredients.
Abad's chalupa is among many selling traditional Mexican street food and drinks, including sopes (a tortilla topped with refried beans, chorizo or ground beef, lettuce, salsa and a grated salty cheese called cotija), roasted corn and pulque (an alcoholic drink made from the fermented sap of an agave plant).
The boats are surrounded by floating chinampas — gardens — with plants and small animals, like frogs, crayfish and salamanders. One chinampa is allegedly haunted, with creepy toy dolls hanging from nooses on trees.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Zaragoza for NPR Alex Zaragoza for NPR
Gliding past these gardens and boats are Xochimilco's famous trajineras — vibrantly painted barges — that are filled with people knocking back micheladas (a spicy drink made with Clamato, beer and lime). Some barges even have mariachi bands playing on them.
This is a typical day in this ancient borough, whose name means "the garden of flowers" in Nahuatl, a language of the Aztecs. The chinampas were built centuries ago by indigenous settlers, who had found themselves surrounded by wetlands and needed to create spaces for growing plants like cactus, bougainvillea, bonsai and dahlias. So, they made floating gardens with tree branches, soil and mud, and tied them to juniper trees on the banks, to hold them in place. Over the years, the older gardens sank and new ones were on top of them. Today, the chinampas are no longer tethered to the banks. They look like little floating islands with plants, houses and other buildings on them.
toggle caption Alex Zaragoza for NPR
The canals, which once helped transport goods from Xochimilco to other places, have evolved into a popular day trip destination in the last century. This borough's history, beauty and a continuing campaign to protect the place from deterioration led UNESCO to declare it a World Heritage Site in 1987.
Locals and tourists visit to enjoy the scrumptious street foods and alcohol, with the colorful sights and sounds all around. Lined up along the concrete loading dock is a long line of trajineras, with bright, swirly shapes and floral patterns painted on them. Their colors and designs have been an unchanging part of the boats for hundreds of years, reflecting the indigenous roots of the culture here. The trajinera have modern names these days — like Fernanda, Beatriz and Shakira.
A newlywed couple, their wedding guests and a mariachi band dressed in white, board a trajinera with "nuestra boda" ("our wedding") spelled out in roses on an arched metal covering that shades the seated passengers. They drink and dance on their way to their reception, passing barges with a bachelorette party and a family enjoying lunch.
toggle caption Alex Zaragoza for NPR
You can spend an hour or four making your way down the long canals and experience a visual and aural symphony. There's music everywhere. There are mariachi bands for hire. Or you can simply enjoy the Latin pop or club jams by rapper DMX blaring from rented stereos on passing trajineras. Dancing and singing at the top of your lungs are encouraged.
As you float down the canals that once were inhabited by the Aztec and other indigenous communities, you're treated to the smell of frying oil from boats selling quesadillas or the steam from boats selling elote (roasted corn smothered in butter, crema, cotija cheese, lime and hot sauce). And when you're hungry, the boats will feed you and ply you with beer.
The street food here is special — made with local ingredients deeply embedded in Mexico's history. For example, the huitlacoche fungus goes back to the Aztecs, who gave it its somewhat unappetizing name, which means 'raven's excrement.' Food vendors take pride in the quality and home-cooked taste of their food. Lopez says all their quesadilla fillings are slow and patiently cooked at home before bringing it to her chalupa.
And here in Xochimilco, you can enjoy these delicacies in a setting unlike anywhere in the world.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders managed to shock fans tonight with a seemingly mystical prediction about the royal baby.
Despite the BBC soap being filmed weeks before it airs, a cheeky reference to the newborn prince was made just one day after his birth.
Kate Middleton and Prince William proudly showed off their son yesterday on the steps of the exclusive Lindo Wing at St Mary's Hospital, Paddington.
Yet just over 24 hours later, Linda Carter revealed that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's baby was a boy and even noted his weight of 8lbs, 7oz.
There were a lot of impressed viewers at home, but Shirley Carter didn't seem to care about the fifth in line to the throne.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Delighted royalist Linda, who named her dog Lady Di, couldn't contain her excitement when talking to Shirley behind the bar of the Queen Vic.
She said: "8lbs, 7oz that's a very healthy weight isn't it. If he's got his daddy's smile and mummy's hair he's going to be perfect.
"It makes me want to cry. Dianna a grandma again. All that joy she's missing out on."
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
Not getting into the spirit, Shirley replied: "Linda why are you even talking about it I don't care."
She then forced Mick to listen to his wife talk more about the royal bundle of joy.
"I was just saying that 8lbs and 7oz that's a very healthy weight isn't it," said Linda to a sighing Mick.
(Image: BBC)
Shocked EastEnders viewers took to Twitter after the surprising scene.
One viewer said: "Never mind rainie coming back, how did they film that first scene where Linda's talking about the royal baby if it was only born yesterday"
Another joked: "*insert obligatory royal baby segment here*"
A third added: "Another cheeky cut'n'paste to reference the new royal baby!"
*EastEnders continues on BBC One on Monday at 7.30pm
by Peter Urban | Oct 6, 2017 2:22pm Google
( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment
Posted to: Congress, DC News Junkie
Auto-login on future visits
Share this story with others.
Made any New Year's resolutions?
For those who did, chances are they plan to be a better person, according to the Marist Poll. The poll analyzed the top resolutions for the year and broke down the resolutions by demographics.
Being a better person led the way at 16 percent, while weight loss and exercising more tied for second at 10 percent. Improving finances, health and eating healthier all weighed in at 7 percent.
In 2016, weight loss was No. 1 at 12 percent, while getting a better job took second at 10 percent. Exercising more, quitting smoking and improving one's health all had nine percent.
Last year's resolutions were kept by 68 percent of people, according to the poll. The commitment to keeping the promise to oneself was up from 64 percent the previous year and was the highest mark since 2013, when 72 percent of those polled said they stuck with their goals.
For women in 2017, 19 percent mentioned being a better person than any other improvement. For men, being a better person tied exercising at 12 percent as the top goal.
COLOMBO, Jan 30 (Reuters) - The Sri Lankan rupee ended weaker on Tuesday as demand for dollars from banks and importers surpassed selling of the greenback, dealers said.
The spot rupee ended at 154.00/10 per dollar, compared with Monday's close of 153.75/85. The rupee gained 0.2 percent last week.
“There was demand throughout the day from foreign banks and smaller banks for imports. There were remittances, but the demand was heavy,” said a currency dealer.
Dealers expect a 2-3 percent depreciation in the rupee and higher volatility this year on account of debt repayment by the government.
Sri Lanka mopped up 80 billion rupees ($520.66 million) on Monday via treasury bonds after raising $470.6 million on Jan.18 via development bonds, the central bank said.
President Maithripala Sirisena's administration must repay an estimated 1.97 trillion rupees ($12.85 billion) in 2018 - a record high - including $2.9 billion of foreign loans, and a total of $5.36 billion in interest.
Foreign investors bought 3.9 billion rupees worth of government securities this year up to Jan. 24, central bank data showed.
The rupee fell 2.5 percent last year and 3.9 percent in 2016.
Sri Lanka's stock, bond and foreign exchange markets are closed on Wednesday for a Buddhist religious holiday. Markets will resume trading on Thursday. ($1 = 153.6500 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Zhongyuan Union Cell & Gene Engineering Corp Ltd :
* Says an individual Gong Hongjia plans to add at least 3 percent or no more than 5 percent stake of shares of the company within 6 months since Feb. 2
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/N99pB2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): Minister for Capital Administration
and Development Division (CADD), Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry on Friday said the appointment of Chairman National Accountability Bureau (NAB), would be made with consensus.
Leader of the House and Opposition would finalize the matter of Chairman NAB, he said talking to a private news channel.
The constitution would be followed for the appointment of
Chairman NAB, he said.
To a question, he said Election Reforms Bill had been presented in the assembly with recommendation of the political parties.
“Respect for national institutions was imperative for stability in Pakistan,” he said.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Afghan Deputy Head of Mission (DHM), Syed Abdul Nasir Yousafi Wednesday was called-in to the Foreign Office by Additional Secretary (UN&EC) for registering concern over terrorist attacks on Pakistan by Jumaat-ul-Ahrar from Afghanistan, foreign Office said in a statement.
The Afghan DHM was conveyed the grave concern of Pakistan about the continuing terrorist attacks on its soil by the terrorist outfit, Jumaat-ul-Ahrar's (JuA) sanctuaries inside Afghanistan.
Attention of the DHM was also drawn to the earlier actionable intelligence shared by Pakistan's authorities with the Afghan side.
Afghanistan was urged to take urgent measures to eliminate the terrorists and their sanctuaries, financiers and handlers operating from its territory.
An Aide-Memoire containing details of the terrorist attacks and supporting information was also shared with the Afghan Deputy Head of Mission.
Kevin Plank, the founder and chief executive of Under Armour, is the latest high profile leader of a major American company to leave President Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council.
In a statement tweeted out late on Monday, Plank wrote in his statement, “Under Armour engages in innovation and sports, not politics.”
Plank's full statement is below. In it, he tweets “I love our country & company. I am stepping down from the council to focus on inspiring & uniting through power of sport.”
I love our country & company. I am stepping down from the council to focus on inspiring & uniting through power of sport. – CEO Kevin Plank pic.twitter.com/8YvndJMjj1 — Under Armour (@UnderArmour) August 15, 2017
He joins Merck Pharma's chief executive Kenneth Frazier, who announced his departure from the President's council in a statement earlier today.
Both departures come as a rebuke to what many have called the President's inadequate response to the violence over the weekend. One person, Heather Heyer, was killed on Saturday and another 19 people were injured during a counterprotest against a rally by neo-Nazis and members of the Ku Klux Klan and its various splinter groups in Charlottesville, Va.
Saturday's violence was sparked by the planned nazi rally to protest the removal of a statue of confederate general Robert E. Lee from a park near the city's downtown.
There's been response yet from the President to the latest departure. When Frazier announced his withdrawal, the President immediately responded on his social network of choice.
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
While Plank and Frazier are gone, several executives still remain involved with the Council, they include Andy Liveris from Dow Chemical, Michael Dell of Dell Technologies, Jeff Immelt of General Electric, Denise Morrison of Campbell's Soup Co., and Denis Muilenberg of Boeing.
An earlier decision from the President to reject the Paris Accords and its global compact to address climate change prompted the departure of tech's favorite chief executive, Elon Musk.
At the time Musk tweeted, “Am I departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.”
Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
FORT COLLINS, Colo. — Colorado State placed basketball coach Larry Eustachy on administrative leave Saturday while the school assesses the program, a decision that again raises questions about his conduct.
Athletic director Joe Parker said he "asked" the coach to "temporarily step away" while the university gets a better understanding of the "climate" surrounding the team.
Assistant Steve Barnes will coach Saturday's game against Nevada and "until the assessment is complete." Eustachy is under contract through the 2020-21 season.
"We are diligently working through this assessment as expeditiously as possible, understanding the importance of a thorough and fair process," Parker said in a statement. "No conclusions have been made."
On Wednesday, Parker said the school was evaluating the team by talking to students and staff associated with men's basketball. Parker offered no further information. That came after an online report by former Rocky Mountain Collegian sports editor Justin Michael who said Parker was interviewing players about Eustachy's conduct.
Eustachy coached later Wednesday night, with the Rams losing 91-86 to Wyoming in double overtime.
It was reported last year that the university looked into Eustachy's conduct in 2013-14, finding that he created an atmosphere of "fear and intimidation" among players. In documents obtained by the Coloradoan and posted online a year ago, Eustachy acknowledged he "crossed the line" when asked about the atmosphere within the program by former athletic director Jack Graham. The documents also said the coach called players derogatory names, threw chairs, soda cans and erasers, along with punching a whiteboard.
Graham wrote to Eustachy in March 2014, saying the "behaviours we discussed shall not occur again or the university will terminate its contract with you for just cause."
The 62-year-old Eustachy is in his sixth year with Colorado State. The short-handed Rams entered the day 10-14 — dropping five in a row — with a 7-5 mark at Moby Arena. Entering this season, Eustachy's squads have won 80 per cent of their games in Fort Collins.
Before his arrival at Colorado State, Eustachy went 61-33 in three seasons with Idaho, and then 98-52 in five seasons at Utah State. He may be best known for his time at Iowa State. His best season for the Cyclones was 1999-2000, when Eustachy had Jamaal Tinsley and Marcus Fizer and the team went 32-5 record, reaching the final eight of the NCAA field. For that, Eustachy was named AP coach of the year.
Every American knows how to spell bananas, thanks to Gwen Stefani's 2004 anthem "Hollaback Girl," but how do you spell beautiful? It may sound like an easy question, but it stumps a lot of people, according to Google Trends. The website released "America's Misspelled Words" and called out every state for its most commonly misspelled word. The company analyzed searches for "how to spell" common words to determine the most misspelled words in the U.S. The leader, by far, is beautiful, which is the top misspelled word in 11 states. In second place, we have supercalifragilisticexpialidocious from Mary Poppins. According to this report, Americans have an easier time spelling a 34-letter word that was made up in the 1960s than an everyday term used to compliment people. It's also possible that we just find one more avoidable than the other.
But I can't judge them — I'm a Florida native, and our most misspelled word is the French word used to describe appetizers, or hors d'oeuvres. Incredibly, this is also the one word I don't think I'll ever be able to spell correctly, even though I have a writing degree and pride myself on being a decent speller. If I really concentrate, I'll land on "h'ors douerves," and even that isn't very close. I usually just type "hors devours" into Google and hope for the best. If you also rely on Google to correct your spelling, now you know that the data is being used to make fun of you and your fellow statesmen. But at least you're in good company.
This isn't the first time that the spelling of "beautiful" has confounded Americans. The 2017 Google Trends report shows that beautiful and pneumonia were both difficult for Internet users, and a website called SpellChecker.net has a list of the most common ways to misspell beautiful. "Beutiaful," "beutifull" and "beauitiful" are all on the list, along with hundreds of other variations. But don't think you're in the clear if you've mastered beautiful, because some of the other words on the list may get you. Other top misspelled words in states that have mastered beautiful include veteran, subtle, Connecticut, probably, sincerely, canceled and schedule. Google released the data to coincide with the Scripps National Spelling Bee, which ends Friday, May 31.
Last year, the 12-year-old winner of the national spelling bee spelled out "marocain" without much trouble. The obscure word describes a type of fabric and is of French origin. I have a feeling most of this year's young contestants wouldn't have much difficulty with beautiful or any of the other words Google mentioned, but we can't all be so brilliant.
If you want to make sure you're complimenting someone in a grammatically correct way, there are ample tricks for conquering the spelling of beautiful. A website dedicated to mnemonic devices, or techniques that can improve your memory recall, suggests remembering "Big Elephants Are Under Trees In Forests Until Light" or "Brown Eggs Are Useful To Ill Friends Under Light." An article from The Daily Mail suggests "Big Ears Aren't Usually beautiful," which helps you master the tricky first few letters of the word.
You could also get serious about it and use flashcards and practice to work on your spelling. WikiHow recommends making a list of words that are hard for you to spell and writing them out every day until you've committed the proper spelling to memory. The website says to use your fingers to trace the letters out on your desk, the dinner table and pretty much any other surface you encounter.
Alternatively, you could just use pretty or lovely as a descriptor if beautiful doesn't come easily. When it comes to asking about hors d'oeuvres via text, I just mention appetizers or small dishes, and it works like a charm.
Clear and bright weather for the next few days, with unseasonably warm temperatures into the weekend.
TOPEKA FORECAST
Today: Clear and cold this morning, with sunny conditions throughout the day, and a high at 55.
Tonight: Clear, with a low at 35.
Tomorrow: Sunny, with a high at 70.
Friday: Sunny and warmer, with a high at 71.
REGIONAL FORECAST
Today: Sunny, with a high at 58.
Tonight: Clear, with a low at 36.
Tomorrow: Sunny, with a high at 69.
Friday: Sunny, with a high at 71.
A A A
Researcher finds Georgia voter records exposed on internet
By FRANK BAJAK
, Associated Press
FILE - This Sept. 22, 2016 file photo shows employees of the Fulton County Election Preparation Center in Atlanta test electronic voting machines. A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia's elections. The breach, which left the state's 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers, was first reported Wednesday, June 14, 2017, by the news site Politico. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) FILE - This Sept. 22, 2016 file photo shows employees of the Fulton County Election Preparation Center in Atlanta test electronic voting machines. A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia's elections. The breach, which left the state's 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers, was first reported Wednesday, June 14, 2017, by the news site Politico. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) FILE - This Sept. 22, 2016 file photo shows the screen of an electronic voting machine during testing at the Kennesaw State University Center for Election Systems in Kennesaw, Ga. A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia's elections. The breach, which left the state's 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers, was first reported Wednesday, June 14, 2017, by the news site Politico. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz, File) . . 1 of 2 . . More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia's election technology, days before the state holds a closely watched congressional runoff vote on June 20.
The security failure left the state's 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers, and may have been left unpatched for seven months. The revealed files might have allowed attackers to plant malware and possibly rig votes or wreak chaos with voter rolls during elections.
Georgia is especially vulnerable to such disruption, as the entire state relies on antiquated touchscreen voting machines that provide no hardcopy record of votes, making it all but impossible to tell if anyone has manipulated the tallies.
The true dimensions of the failure were first reported Wednesday by Politico Magazine . The affected Center for Election Systems referred all questions to its host, Kennesaw State University, which declined comment. In March, the university had mischaracterized the flaw's discovery as a security breach.
Logan Lamb, a 29-year-old Atlanta-based private security researcher formerly with Oak Ridge National Laboratory, made the discovery last August. He told The Associated Press he decided to go public after the publication last week of a classified National Security Agency report describing a sophisticated scheme, allegedly by Russian military intelligence, to infiltrate local U.S. elections systems using phishing emails.
The NSA report offered the most detailed account yet of an attempt by foreign agents to probe the rickety and poorly funded U.S. elections system. The Department of Homeland Security had previously reported attempts last year to gain unauthorized access to voter registration databases in 20 states — one of which, in Illinois, succeeded, though the state says no harm resulted.
It also emboldened Lamb to come forward with his findings. Lamb discovered the security hole — a misconfigured server — one day as he did a search of the Kennesaw State election-systems website. There, he found a directory open to the internet that contained not just the state voter database, but PDF files with instructions and passwords used by poll workers to sign in to a central server used on Election Day, said Lamb.
"It was an open invitation to anybody pretending to even know a little bit about computers to get into the system," said Marilyn Marks, an election-transparency activist whose Colorado-based foundation participated in a failed lawsuit that sought to bar the use of paperless voting machines in next week's election.
The directory of files "was already indexed by Google," Lamb said in an interview — meaning that anyone could have found it with the right search. Lamb said he notified the center's director, Merle King, who assured him the hole would be patched and who asked to keep his discovery to himself.
Politico reported that the center never notified the secretary of state's office, which oversees elections and contracts with Kennesaw State to manage the technology part. The Associated Press left a phone message and sent email to King seeking comment but he did not immediately respond.
Lamb said he decided not to disclose the problem at the time — mostly because he "didn't want to needlessly escalate things" prior to the Nov. 8 general election. But in March, a security colleague Lamb had told about the flaw, checked out the center's website and discovered that the vulnerabilities had only been partially fixed.
"We were both pretty floored," said Lamb.
The researcher, Chris Grayson, said he, too, was able to access the same voter record database and other sensitive files in a publicly accessible directory. Grayson contacted a friend who is a professor at Kennesaw State. Two days later, the FBI was called in to investigate.
It did not bring charges against either researcher, finding no evidence of illegal entry . "At the end of the day we were doing what we thought was in the best interest of the republic — informing the parties that needed to be privy to this sort of issue," said Grayson.
The special election next Tuesday will fill the seat vacated by Republican Tom Price after he was named Health and Human Services Secretary. It has attracted national attention, including that of President Donald Trump, for whom it could be a bellwether.
First-time candidate Jon Ossoff is a Democrat with a national security background. His GOP opponent is former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel.
Though Facebook is rarely mentioned alongside Apple, Microsoft and Amazon in discussions about conversational AI, the company has published a hoard of papers that underscore a deep interest in dialog systems. As has become clear with Siri, Cortana and Alexa, dialog is hard — it requires more than just good speech recognition to deliver a killer experience to users. From the sidelines Facebook has been tinkering with big challenges like natural language understanding and text generation. And today the Facebook AI Research team added to its portfolio with a paper bringing negotiation into the conversation (all puns intended).
Facebook's team smashed game theory together with deep learning to equip machines to negotiate with humans. By applying rollout techniques more commonly used in game-playing AIs to a dialog scenario, Facebook was able to create machines capable of complex bargaining.
To start, Facebook dreamed up an imaginary negotiation scenario. Humans on Amazon's Mechanical Turk were given an explicit value function and told to negotiate in natural language to maximize reward by splitting up a pot of random objects — five books, three hats and two balls. The game was capped at ten rounds of dialog, the rules stated that nobody would receive any reward if that limit was exceeded.
Because each agent had distinct hidden preferences, the two had to engage in dialog to sort out which objects should be given to which agent. Over the course of the interactions, machines naturally adopted many common negotiation tactics — like placing false emphasis on a low-value item in an attempt to use it as a more valuable bargaining chip later.
Under the hood, Facebook's rollout technique takes the form of a decision tree. Decision trees are a critical component of many intelligent systems. They allow us to model future states from the present to make decisions. Imagine a game of tic-tac-toe, at any given point of the game, there is a finite option set (places you can place your “X” on the board.
In that scenario, each move has an expected value. Humans don't usually consider this value in an explicit way but if you decompose your decision process when playing the game, you are effectively short-handing this math in your head.
Games like Tic Tac Toe are simple enough that they can be completely solved in a decision tree. More complex games like Go and Chess require strategies and heuristics to reduce the total number of states (it's an almost unimaginable number of possible states). But even Chess and Go are relatively simple compared to dialog.
Dialog doesn't draw from a finite set of outcomes. This means that for any question, there is an infinite number of possible human responses. To model a conversation, researchers have to take extra effort to bound the uncertainty problem into a reasonable size and scope. Opting to model a negotiation scheme makes this possible. The language itself can exist in an infinite number of states but its intent generally clusters around simple outcomes (I'll take the deal or reject it).
But even in a bounded world, it's still difficult to get machines to interact with humans in a believable way. To this avail, Facebook trained its models on negotiations between pairs of people. Once this was done, the machines were set up to negotiate with each other using reinforcement learning. At the end of each round of conversation, agents received rewards to guide improvement.
FAIR researchers Michael Lewis and Dhruv Batra explained to me that their algorithms were better at preventing individuals from making bad decisions than ensuring individuals made the best decisions. This is still important — the team told me to imagine a calendar application that doesn't try to schedule meetings for the best time for everyone but instead tries to just ensure the meeting actually happens.
As with a lot of research, the application of this technology isn't necessarily as explicit as the scenario simulated for the paper. Engineers often employ adversarial relationships between machines to improve outcomes — think using generative adversarial networks to generate training data by having a machine generate data looking to fool another “gatekeeper” machine.
Semi-cooperative, semi adversarial relationships, like the relationship between a coach and an athlete, could be an interesting next frontier — further connecting game theory and machine learning.
Facebook has open sourced its code from this research project. If you're interested, you can read additional details about the work in the full paper here.
Featured Image: Bryce Durbin/TechCrunch
GEARY COUNTY-Law enforcement authorities in Geary County are investigating a suspect for alleged road rage incident.
On Saturday afternoon, deputies were dispatched to the area of US 77 Highway near Fort Riley for a white Dodge Ram 2500 truck where a gun had been waved out a window towards another vehicle, according to a media release.
Dispatch also advised the reporting party believed the subject had gained entry to Fort Riley by use of the Estes Gate.
Deputies talked with two Junction City residents who said the pickup had cut them off and then slowed down to 30 miles-per-hour in a construction zone.
The drivers also said the passenger in the vehicle pulled out a gun and waved it out the window with their finger on the trigger.
Deputies checked the area but were unable to locate the vehicle.
At approximately 5:30 p.m. on Saturday dispatch advised authorities that Fort Riley had the vehicle stopped at Estes Gate.
Deputies arrested Isaac Torgerson, Fort Riley, on suspicion of Aggravated Assault.
TORONTO - Fashion is about more than just making beautiful things for designer Sage Paul, and she hopes this week's Indigenous Fashion Week Toronto makes that clear. The Dene artist says beading, weaving, textiles and sewing are inextricably linked to so much of her upbringing and identity. For her, creating clothes, jewelry and accessories can be just as much about combating stereotypes and shifting minds as looking good.
Métis fashion designer Evan Ducharme's work will be featured at Indigenous Fashion Week Toronto. ( DARRYL DYCK / The Canadian Press )
“If we want to be sustaining our culture and ensuring that cultural continuity that our ancestors have passed on to us, the only way that it's going to be out there is if we do it,” says the Toronto-based Paul, who founded the showcase to present “the most distinct and progressive Indigenous artists working in fashion, textiles and craft.” The four-day event will feature runway shows, a curated exhibition, panels and lectures, hands-on workshops, and a marketplace, with Indigenous artists including those from Canada, the United States and Greenland. It kicks off Thursday with runway shows from Lesley Hampton, Evan Ducharme, Janelle Wawia and Sugiit Lukx Designs.
Article Continued Below
Free lectures and panels feature speakers including artist Kent Monkman, weaver Barbara Teller, and culture critic Jesse Wente tackling topics including fashion symbolism and imagery, cultural appropriation, Indigenous dyes and fibres, and technology and innovation. Vancouver-based Ducharme says he welcomes more opportunities to celebrate and promote Indigenous artists and different points of view that often prioritize sustainable materials, ethical sourcing and reduced waste. It's also a chance to profile the vast array of Indigenous perspectives, he adds. “Some people would look at my work and ask me: ‘Where's the fringe? Where's the deer hide? Where's all the bead work? Because Metis people are renowned for their beadwork. But where I was raised, none of the women in my family ever did beadwork so it was never something that was really part of my upbringing,” says the 25-year-old, from the Metis community of St. Ambroise, Man. “And of course it's beautiful and I'd love to include it in my work but I'd have to approach that from a completely different way than another Metis designer who was raised learning how to do beadwork would be able to approach it. It's all about ethics.”
Unfortunately, the predominant exposure most non-Indigenous people get to Indigenous-inspired designs is through cheap souvenirs and tourist trinkets, says Paul. Despite the fact that many Indigenous communities boast master weavers, beaders, and applique artists, they have yet to receive broader recognition for their talents, she says.
Article Continued Below
“(It's) because of colonization and because of the commodification of our culture and I think a lot of it has been cheapened through that,” says the 34-year-old. “You can go to any Canadian tourist store and buy a really cheap piece of beaded work that's not even made here in Canada.... It costs more money to do one of a kind custom-made pieces.” By nature, the fashion industry has not been friendly to emerging creators who more often work-to-order or only make small batches, she adds. Those on remote reserves are at a further disadvantage because tools, materials and shipping are more expensive. “We're not going to be able to mass produce at the level that a major retailer would want. I'm hoping to change or to start influencing how we work with Indigenous designers ... to look at purchasing lower quantities and understanding the value with that,” she says. “By bringing everyone to Toronto I'm really hoping that that sparks some sort of interest and motivation for retailers and buyers to actively go out and find these designers, regardless of where they're located.” With sustainable fashion now trendy in the broader fashion world, Paul hopes Indigenous techniques and knowledge can be recognized for their value. She points to the inspiring work of Janelle Wawia, a self-taught artist from northwestern Ontario who traps her own furs and leather. “We know where the food goes — it goes into the community to feed community members, bones are used for tools and the fur is used for whatever is being made out of the clothing.” Ducharme says he's added 10 new pieces to a collection he revealed at Vancouver Indigenous Fashion Week last summer, and will unveil his reimagined showcase in part to combat notions that designs are disposable from season-to-season. The 25-year-old — whose designs are not geared specifically to men or women, but rather “genderless” wearers — says welcoming new ideas is key to fashion's future. And he's got plenty to offer. “My work is always going to be an ode to those ancestors who did everything that they could so that my generation and the generations to come after me would have a better tomorrow.” Indigenous Fashion Week Toronto starts Thursday and runs through Sunday.
The Situational Leadership Model can be a great tool to help you lead your team.
May 30, 2018 5 min read
They say, trust your employees, give them the power to make important decisions, and more importantly, never micromanage, right?
Well ... this sounds great on paper, but doesn't really cut it in reality.
Related: You Got Promoted to Be the Boss of Your Former Team. Now What?
Look, there's no one-size-fits-all solution when it comes to empowering employees. The above might work on some of your employees, but I can bet you a million bucks that it'll backfire with others.
Not everyone has the skills to be a leader, make tough decisions or solve complex problems. And that's fine. All you need to do is to adapt your leadership style to fit the different types of employees you have.
One great tool to help you do that is called The Situational Leadership Model.
Related: 22 Qualities That Make a Great Leader
With this model, you're evaluating your employees based on their competence and commitment, and using these two components to determine your leadership style.
Here's how it works
1. Put your employees in these four buckets.
Do a mental assessment of your employees, and group them into one of the four categories below. Depending on how big your company is, you can either do this by teams, by departments or even by individual employees.
Enthusiastic Beginners: Low skilled employees who show strong commitment to their work, but needs a lot of guidance.
Disillusioned Learners: Somewhat competent employees who show low commitment to their work due to challenges faced.
Capable but Cautious Performers: Reasonably competent employees who show various levels of commitment to their work.
Self-Reliant Achievers: Highly competent employees who show strong commitment to their work.
Related: 50 Rules for Being a Great Leader
Now here's how you put this into action:
2. Employ different leadership styles depending on the employees' category.
Now that you've identified which categories your employees fall in, adopt the appropriate leadership style for each category.
Enthusiastic Beginners: Directing leadership
With this group of people, your leadership should be high on directing behaviors, and low on supporting behaviors. Tell your employees exactly what to do, and how to go about doing it.
Issuing clear and non-negotiable directions is what's best for employees at this stage. The people in this category need a clear sense of direction -- this will help them complete their tasks and improve their skills.
At my company we create documents with a step-by-step process that these employees can follow to get things done. But, we also make ourselves available for any questions they might have.
Related: 4 Leadership Methods for Empowering Employees and Building Strong Teams
Disillusioned Learners: Coaching leadership
When it comes to the Disillusioned Learners, you'll need to provide leadership that is high on both directing and supporting behaviors. These guys aren't complete newbies, but they need your guidance and direction to improve further.
When dealing with these employees, you're still telling them what to do. At the same time, you should also be receptive to them, and give them the support that they need to buy into the process.
Setting up time to regularly talk to them is key to keep them motivated and accountable.
Capable but Cautious Performers: Supporting leadership
To transform this group of employees into Self-Reliant Achievers, show leadership that is low on directing behaviors and high on supporting behaviors.
These employees are competent at their jobs, so you can let go of the reins and engage in shared decision-making. Make sure you validate their efforts and acknowledge their work -- this way, you'll build rapport and increase their commitment to your company.
I do that by spending at least two minutes of my daily team meeting celebrating our wins and pointing out how these employees had a key role in it.
Related: Do We Prefer Leaders Who Are More Like Dictators?
Self-Reliant Achievers: Delegating leadership
With this group of employees, your leadership style should be low on both directing and supporting behaviors. These guys are your A-players -- so you can rely on them to work independently and take responsibility for their projects.
You'll want to keep an eye on things, but don't step in unless it's needed. The key is to give them your trust and support, while not micromanaging and killing their motivation.
At my company, these guys have the authority to make some high-level decisions without the need to consult me first. But, of course, they take ownership of whatever results they get.
Take action.
In an ideal scenario, you'll be working with an entire team of A-players who are highly competent and self-directing. But, unless you're a Fortune 500 company with a big budget, this is nearly impossible.
The good news, though, is that with the right leadership style and a little patience, you can nurture your employees and lead them to become their best selves.
Related Video: 5 Different Leadership Styles Every Good Boss Needs to Have
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
CEO Kenneth Frazier announced Monday that he's resigning from the president's American Manufacturing Council amid the ongoing criticism over the president's remarks on the weekend protests in Charlottesville, Virginia. Frazier said in statement that as a "matter of personal conscience, I feel a.... ABCnews 3:55:00 PM CEST
The State Department has released a batch of emails between Hillary Clinton and her associates sent to and from her private email account.
More than 50 emails appeared on the department's Freedom of Information Act portal on Thursday, and showed her interacting with aides such as Huma Abedin and her then chief of staff Cheryl Mills.
They show her and Abedin used @clintonemail.com addresses to set up travel plans and meetings with foreign dignitaries, as well as requests to print documents such as discussions of aid to Haiti.
Some portions, such as discussion of a call with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu in July 2011 and a trip in October 2009, have been largely redacted.
The emails declassified as of the end of January, released after a FOIA request from BuzzFeed reporter Jason Leopold, follow the late December release of another tranche of messages that were stored on the backup program Abedin shared with her husband, disgraced New York congressman Anthony Weiner.
Clinton's use of a private email server for official business including some classified information became a major focus of her critics during her 2016 presidential campaign. Then-FBI Director James Comey said that her actions were "extremely careless" but did not rise to the level of a crime.
Comey announced in a letter to Congress shortly before Election Day that investigators were looking into the server again after emails were found on a laptop during the sexting probe into former Congressman Anthony Weiner, who was married to Abedin at the time.
President Donald Trump, who says that the investigation into his campaign's potential collusion with Russia in election meddling is a "witch hunt," has also berated the FBI for not pushing for a Clinton prosecution.
New York Daily News
LOS ANGELES—With each comment, like and share, users provide Facebook with a deeply personal window into their lives. The result of that voluntary behaviour? Advertisers looking to finely target their pitches can glean someone's hobbies, what they like to eat and even what makes them happy or sad — propelling Facebook's ad revenue to $40 billion (U.S.) last year. This trove of rich information is now at the centre of a rapidly growing controversy involving one of U.S. President Trump's campaign consultants, Cambridge Analytica, which reportedly took the advertising playbook and exploited it in a bid to influence swing voters. Former employees accuse the firm, owned by the conservative billionaire Robert Mercer and previously headed by Trump's former chief strategist Steve Bannon, of taking advantage of ill-gotten data belonging to millions of unwitting Facebook users. News of the breach was met with calls over the weekend for stricter scrutiny of the company.
Share Your Thoughts!
Article Continued Below
Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar demanded that Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook's chief executive, appear before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Maura Healey, attorney general for Massachusetts, said her office was launching an investigation. And the head of a British parliamentary inquiry into fake news called on Facebook to testify before his panel again, this time with Zuckerberg. The accusations raise tough questions about Facebook's ability to protect user information at a time when it's already embroiled in a scandal over Russian meddling during the 2016 presidential campaign and under pressure to adhere to new European Union privacy rules. They also highlight the power and breadth of the data Facebook holds over its 2 billion users. Whether used to sway voters or sell more detergent, the information harvested by the world's biggest social network is proving to be both vital and exploitable regardless of who's wielding it. “The data set assembled on people by Facebook is unrivaled,” said Scott Galloway, a professor of marketing at New York University Stern School of Business and author of The Four: The Hidden DNA of Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google. “The bad news is, people are discovering this can be used as a weapon. The worse news is that people are learning how to detonate it.”
The controversy began late Friday when Facebook's vice president and deputy general counsel, Paul Grewal, announced in a blog post that the social network was suspending Strategic Communication Laboratories and its affiliate, Cambridge Analytica. Read more: How Trump consultants got banned by Facebook for exploiting millions of users' data U.S. and British lawmakers demand answers from Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg after misuse of data Facebook suspends data company that helped Trump get elected Facebook said the companies failed to delete user data they had acquired in 2015 in violation of the platform's rules. The data were supplied by a University of Cambridge psychology professor, Aleksandr Kogan, who built an app that was supposed to collect details on Facebook users for academic research. Kogan was not supposed to pass that information to a third party for commercial purposes under Facebook guidelines. Facebook said the data collection was contained to 270,000 people who downloaded Kogan's app as well as “limited information” about their friends. But a whistleblower and other reported sources contend the scope of the data collection was significantly larger. Christopher Wylie, a departed co-founder of Cambridge Analytica, said Kogan harvested data from 50 million Facebook users without their permission, largely by mining friends of the people who downloaded his app. The allegations were first reported by the New York Times and the British newspaper the Observer, whose stories about the breach were pre-empted hours earlier by Facebook's announcement of the suspensions. Wylie, who described Cambridge Analytica as a weapon designed to wage a culture war in the U.S., said Facebook wasn't particularly adamant about censuring his former company. He said the only effort made by the social network was sending a letter in August 2016 demanding that the data Kogan supplied be destroyed. He said Facebook never verified whether the data had been deleted. Facebook, which also suspended Wylie, did not respond to a request for comment.
Christopher Wylie, who helped found the data firm Cambridge Analytica and worked there until 2014, said, "Rules don't matter for them. For them, this is a war, and it's all fair." ( ANDREW TESTA/NYT )
As recently as last month, Cambridge Analytica told a British parliamentary hearing that it never had or used Facebook data. But in a statement Saturday, Cambridge Analytica admitted receiving user information from Kogan and then deleting it after learning it violated Facebook's rules. The firm added it never used any of the data for Trump's 2016 campaign when it was hired as a consultant. Cambridge Analytica reportedly needed Facebook's data for its so-called psychographic profiling, which combines data collected online to glean a better understanding of voters' personalities in order to tailor ads to them. In many ways, it's not unlike what Facebook can do for advertisers and a growing number of political campaigns willing to pay and play by Facebook's rules. By micro-targeting users down to what charities they donate to, what device they play video games on and where they stand on the political spectrum, Facebook says its reach is expertly tailored to its clients' needs. That kind of granular data helped increase Facebook's advertising revenue last year by 49 per cent. Advertising accounted for more than 98 per cent of Facebook's total revenue in 2017, according to company filings. None of that would be possible without hundreds of millions of users willingly sharing enough details about themselves to be categorized by advertisers. That business model is now under threat within the European Union, where the General Data Protection Regulation set to be introduced in May will prohibit companies like Facebook from leveraging user information on subjects such as race and politics without consent. Facebook is adamant that the Cambridge Analytica controversy does not amount to a security breach. An admission would further sour the company's reputation in Europe for lax privacy standards. There's also a risk of running afoul of the Federal Trade Commission. “Platforms like Facebook need to be very, very careful with data, and they will come under more scrutiny by the government going forward,” said Rich Raddon, co-founder of Zefr, a Los Angeles start-up that helps brands target YouTube content for advertising. “In Europe we are seeing a reaction to these platforms leveraging personal identifiable information.” Raddon said by virtue of its size Facebook will be heavily scrutinized by lawmakers for how it analyzes personal data. But smaller firms like Cambridge Analytica can fly under the radar doing virtually the same thing. Facebook says it has beefed up its review of third-party apps like Kogan's, which tap into the social network's fire hose of data. That includes requiring developers to first “justify the data they're looking to collect and how they're going to use it,” said Grewal, the Facebook attorney. Experts say Facebook will increasingly diminish access to the most valuable data to third parties like app developers as it strives to protect its own ad business and reduce security risks like those exposed by Kogan, Cambridge Analytica and Russian operatives tasked with sowing discord in American society. “Facebook's business model is actually focused on not giving third parties data about its users,” said Aviv Ovadya, chief technologist at the Center for Social Media Responsibility. “If it owns the data, and you can only target people through its platform, then you must spend money on its platform. Facebook also wants people to be as comfortable as possible giving them data, so they want to ensure that the data is protected from being used in problematic ways.” Facebook's critics now say devoting attention to those who exploit the platform, such as Russian trolls, is short-sighted. More attention should be directed at the social network itself, which provides the tools for exploitation, they say. Kogan, for instance, didn't break any rules when he accessed information from millions of users without their consent. He only broke the rules when he shared that information for commercial gain. “The data that Facebook leaked to Cambridge Analytica is the same data Facebook retains on everyone and sells targeting services around. The problem is not shady Russian researchers; it's Facebook's core business model of collect, store, analyze, exploit,” Maciej Ceglowski, a prominent San Francisco web developer and leader of grassroots activist group Tech Solidarity, wrote in a tweet Saturday.
Read more about:
Rafiullah Mandokhail
Zhob
Station Commander 29 Brigade Brigadier Tahir Gulzar Malik has said that Pak Army is committed to continue its support in facilitating local population not only in health but also in education sector.
He was talking to media at the inaugural ceremony of a free medical camp set up by Medical Corps of the Pakistan Army at Combined Military Hospital (CMH) here. Grison Commander further said that free medical camp was being set-up to facilitate the local population.
“Keeping in mind efforts are underway to ensure provision of health and education facilities to the people in the backward areas and all possible measures would be taken for the purpose, he added. Commissioner Zhob division Ghulam Farid inaugurated the camp. He was flanked by Brigadier Tahir Gulzar Malik, Deputy Commissioner Zhob Muhammad Azeem Kakar, Commanding Officer CMH Col Shahamad Ali and Assistant Commissioner Jamil Ahmed Rind.
They visited the medical camp, inspected the health facilities and enquired from patients about the facilities.
Talking to journalists, Commissioner Ghulam Farid said that the free medical camp in an area that lacks basic facility would not only ensure standard health care to the area people at their doorstep but would also overcome health issues and control several chronic and seasonal diseases. Commissioner said.
Meanwhile, hundreds of poor and deserving patients hailing from for-flung areas received medical treatment and medicines at the camp.
Medical team, comprising male, female specialist doctors, gynecologist and pediatrician examined one thousand poor and needy patients including women and children suffering from various diseases hailing from the remote mountainous areas of the district. Para medical staff carried out clinical examination of patients and provided them medicines free of cost. Children were also vaccinated at a daylong camp.
Residents of the area highly appreciated endeavours of Pak Army to mitigate sufferings of patients living in the distant areas and suggested more camps in future.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Little Mix fans heard whispers that Chris Clark broke up with Little Mix star Jesy Nelson via text, they were understandably a little upset.
And it looks like the TOWIE star is going to find himself even more disliked by the singer's loyal support group after confirming he did indeed end their romance that way.
Not only that, the reality TV hunk admitted he used girlfriend Amber Dowding's phone to do it.
(Image: FameFlynet UK Tel : +44 (0)20 3551 5049 Email : info@fameflynet.uk.com)
(Image: Instagram/ @chrisjclark_)
"I was never going to escape it," he told The Sun . "I had to just deal with it. She was on the other side of the world. I am happier now than I ever have been."
He continued: "I used Amber's to do it."
(Image: chrisjclark_/Instagram)
(Image: Rex Features)
While Amber added: "All I can say on Chris's behalf is that it wasn't done in a negative way.
"He wasn't 100 per cent in the relationship and he had to end it when he ended it and that was that. I don't want him to ever receive a backlash from it."
(Image: jesynelson/Instagram)
Jesy, who went public with her romance with Chris at the BRIT Awards, was on tour with the Little Mix ladies in America when they called it quits.
And it wasn't long before Chris had moved on with ex-girlfriend Amber, prompting some to speculate that he was just with Jesy for the publicity.
New Delhi: It will be another double header in the Pro Kabaddi League on the occasion of the Independence Day on Tuesday. In match one of the day, Bengal Warriors take on Puneri Paltan. In another game, it will be Gujarat Fortunegiants up against Bengaluru Bulls. Here are all the details on how you can catch the action on what will be another big day in the league.
Date:
The action from the Pro Kabaddi League, season five, continues on August 15.
Time:
The action begins from 8 pm onwards.
Where:
All the action will be at The Arena, Ahmedabad.
Where to watch on television:
The official rights of the league are with the Star Sports network. The network will broadcast the games in three languages, English, Hindi and Tamil. There will be both SD and HD action available on television in all three languages.
LIVE streaming:
The LIVE streaming of the league will be available on Hotstar.com.
LAS VEGAS -- When Brad McCrimmon was a kid, growing up on his family's farm in Plenty, Saskatchewan, he would tell his father, Byron, and grandfather Angus that he would one day play in the NHL, win the Stanley Cup and bring it back to the farm so everyone could see it.
It was a dream Angus James McCrimmon was familiar with because Byron, a longtime senior player and coach for the Rosetown Red Wings in Saskatchewan, fantasized about doing the same as a child but never got to play or coach in the NHL.
Vegas Golden Knights assistant general manager Kelly McCrimmon, one year younger than Brad, played junior hockey with his brother but was seemingly more realistic when it came to his aspirations.
Editor's Picks Four questions for the Capitals heading into Game 2 Do you buy Alex Ovechkin's "nerves" argument from Game 1? Who needs to step up in Game 2? We hit the big topics here.
Why Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final was 'peak hockey' After few penalties, lots of scoring and a few dashes each of chaos and mayhem, the NHL can only hope the rest of the series is this entertaining.
Five things we learned in Game 1 of the Cup Final Vegas' fourth line was electrifying, the refs largely swallowed their whistles and the pregame show didn't disappoint. What will carry over to Game 2? 2 Related
"I never even allowed myself to dream of something like that," McCrimmon said of winning the Stanley Cup. "We lived on a family farm in Saskatchewan and the two things that were the most dear to me was farming and hockey. I wasn't an NHL player. My dream was for Brad to win it."
Brad McCrimmon's dream came true in 1989, when he helped the Calgary Flames win the franchise's only Stanley Cup. That summer, he made good on his promise and brought the Cup home to Plenty, which has a current population of 164 people.
"The anniversary of their Cup win was on Friday [May 25]," Kelly McCrimmon said. "I was in Brandon coaching the Wheat Kings when Brad brought the Cup to the farm, and wasn't able to get home that day. But I know how special that was for Brad and for our family to bring the Stanley Cup to Plenty, Saskatchewan, which is a small town. It was pretty special for everyone there to get to see someone that they knew, that had played minor hockey there, have a chance to bring the Stanley Cup back to our hometown."
McCrimmon is now on the cusp of etching his name onto the Cup 29 years after his brother did and bringing it back to Plenty. Vegas defeated the Washington Capitals in Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final; Game 2 is set for Wednesday night.
"I haven't even thought what that would be like," McCrimmon said. "I was extremely proud when Brad won the Cup in Calgary. That was his dream. That was a big moment for our family and parents for us to follow him through that experience when he was a prominent player on a Stanley Cup champion team. It was gratifying for all of us. We were so proud that he had the opportunity to get his name on the Stanley Cup and be a member of a championship team. I know he'd be proud of me too."
Brad McCrimmon won the Stanley Cup as a member of the Calgary Flames in 1989. Graig Abel/Getty Images
After an 18-year career in the NHL during which he earned the nickname "Beast" as one of the league's toughest defensemen, Brad McCrimmon transitioned to coaching as an assistant with the New York Islanders, Flames, Atlanta Thrashers and Detroit Red Wings. He left Detroit for Russia to become the head coach of Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the Kontinental Hockey League in 2011.
It was a chance to prove himself and potentially become a head coach in the NHL one day, but he would never coach a game for Lokomotiv. On Sept. 7, 2011, Brad and his team were killed in a plane crash on the way to their first game of the season.
When Kelly McCrimmon found out he had lost his brother, he was numb. It didn't seem real. He had just talked to him about their respective seasons; Kelly was the owner, general manager and coach of the Brandon Wheat Kings of the Western Hockey League.
Replay Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final Did you miss Game 1 of Capitals-Golden Knights? Just want to re-watch all or part of it? Watch here now »
"It was devastating," McCrimmon said. "You find a way to keep functioning somehow. That's true for his family, my parents, myself. ... It's devastating when tragedy strikes like that. It's similar to what happened to the junior hockey team in Humboldt recently with the tragic loss of life when you least expect that type of thing to happen, and that's what happened with Brad's team in Yaroslavl.
"The entire team perished. I don't think you ever completely get over that. You try your best to keep yourself functioning day to day and get to a point where you think so much about all the good times and the good things about Brad's life that it helps ease the pain. But there are still those moments where you really miss that person, right? Whether that's a birthday or a holiday or something that happened in your life where he would have been your first phone call to talk about what happened. Those are the times I really, really miss having Brad around."
There have been several times during Vegas' magical inaugural season when McCrimmon wished he could pick up the phone and talk to his brother. It would have been his first call after Vegas won the Western Conference finals in Winnipeg, a 2½-hour drive east of Brandon.
"You just try to keep pushing your way through after it happens," McCrimmon said of his brother's death. "I was out of circulation for a while. I went with Brad's wife, Maureen, to Russia and we had a service over there. Then we had a service in Detroit, and then we had a service in Saskatoon, which is by where we grew up, and that took a period of time where I was only doing that. After the third service, it was back to Brandon and running the Wheat Kings."
Kelly McCrimmon was the owner, general manager and coach of the WHL's Brandon Wheat Kings prior to joining the Golden Knights. Marissa Baecker/Getty Images
McCrimmon left the Wheat Kings after 28 years when Vegas general manager George McPhee called him two years ago and asked whether he would be interested in being the assistant general manager of the NHL's newest expansion team -- which didn't even have a name at that point.
"I really didn't know George prior to coming to work here," McCrimmon said. "But I knew of George, and had a lot of respect for the work that he's done as a general manager and the great teams he built in Washington, which ironically we're facing now. We really got along well personally and professionally. We see things very similar. Our approach to everything that we've done here has been a joint effort."
The job McPhee and McCrimmon did in assembling the Vegas roster through the expansion draft is one reason why McCrimmon will likely be among the favorites to become general manager of Seattle's expansion franchise. For now, however, McCrimmon is focused on Vegas winning three more games and completing one of the greatest stories in sports history. It's a story and a team McCrimmon knows his brother would have enjoyed.
"Brad would be really proud of the opportunity that I've had here and really happy to see us enjoy success," McCrimmon said. "I think he would have had a high level of admiration for the way we play and how our coaches coach. Brad would really appreciate this team."
The UK's finance watchdog is set to meet with regulators from the US, Europe and Asia later this week to draw up plans to create a global fintech sandbox.
The Financial Conduct Authority launched its own sandbox in 2016, which provides a safe space for innovators in financial technology to test their ideas. But speaking at the Innovate Finance conference in London on Monday Christopher Woolard, executive director of strategy and competition at the FCA, said there had been demand to operate the scheme globally.
...
U.S. stocks dipped Wednesday as investors worried about weak retail sales and sank. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time in six months. On Wednesday: The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 2.43 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,437.92. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 46.09 points, or 0. ABCnews 11:26:00 PM CEST
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -- Tenth-ranked North Carolina is uncertain whether forward Isaiah Hicks or guard Kenny Williams III will be ready for Wednesday night's game at rival North Carolina State due to injuries.
Hicks, a senior starter, missed last week's loss at Duke due to a hamstring injury. The school said Tuesday that Hicks went through practice in the afternoon and is a game-time decision.
The school said Williams suffered a "lower right extremity" injury on Tuesday and is uncertain to play. Williams is a sophomore starter.
Workplace safety solution professionals: How many times do we see excavation and sewer workers working unprotected in trenches? Trenches are literally filled with a variety of potential safety and environmental hazards. Cave-ins are perhaps the most feared trenching hazard as one cubic yard of soil can weigh as much as a car. Asphyxiation due to lack of oxygen in a confined space is a major risk. So are inhalation of toxic fumes and drowning. The fatality rate for excavation work is 112% higher than the rate for general construction.
Did you know that trenches 20 feet, or more, in depth need to be designed by a registered professional engineer? While those working on the front lines face dangers every day, it's equally important to take a top-down approach when it comes to dealing with the dangers of trenches.
We've put together this handy guide to cover “rent vs. lease vs. buy” questions. Included are three decision trees along with a recap of pros and cons of each option. How to Choose Between Rent vs. Buy. Download it now!
Does management embrace doing the right thing each and every time? Do employees watch out for one another, peer to peer safety?
Does productivity outweigh safety? When no one is watching, do employees do the right thing each and every time?
Another question: Who is monitoring these projects and the employees involved—especially, when it has been determined that two workers are killed every month due to trench collapses? This is unacceptable and yet it continues.
Add Grading & Excavation Contractor Weekly to your newsletter preferences and keep up with the latest articles on grading and excavation: construction equipment, insurance, materials, safety, software, and trucks and trailers.
Since the beginning of 2016 OSHA fines range anywhere from $37,000 to well over $140,000 for trenching violations.
Trenches are nothing more than an open grave waiting to be filled. Why don't we fill them with the appropriate equipment (trench boxes) instead of bodies that are trapped? Trench boxes otherwise known as coffin boxes sit idle and are not appropriately used—then tragedy strikes.
As Eric Giguere left for work on the morning of October 4, 2002, little was different in his daily routine other than the wedding ring he had just started wearing.
In his position as a laborer, he was tasked with installing water lines in a rural setting. Though the work was difficult, it gave him a sense of accomplishment and well being as he knew he would be able to provide well for his new family. At the age of 27, Giguere felt as though his hard work was well rewarded with a $20-per-hour wage.
However, things changed quickly later that afternoon.
Working in a trench roughly 6 feet deep, he crouched down near the pipe his crew had been laying. Without warning, the sides of the trench collapsed, completely engulfing him with a crushing sensation. Immediately, a sense of panic set in as he fully realized what had happened. Panic soon gave way to fear, as he realized the breaths he was taking were becoming more labored. Fear soon subsided and was replaced with the fact that he was dying.
The remainder of the five-man crew onsite immediately had to make difficult decisions when the trench collapsed. His backhoe operator took the top 2 feet of soil off immediately, but left the rest of the digging to be performed by hand out of fear of injuring Giguere further.
Roughly 10 minutes later, he was uncovered, completely blue with no signs of life. As the ambulance was on its way, Giguere's coworkers began performing CPR on him.
The ambulance crew arrived and continued CPR, eventually evacuating him by helicopter to Strong Memorial Hospital in Rochester, NY. There, doctors informed Giguere's wife, family, and friends who had gathered that despite their best efforts he might not live, and if he did it was likely he'd have severe brain damage.
One-by-one, loved ones filed into his hospital room to pay what they thought would be their last respects. As family members comforted Giguere's wife, a delivery was being made to the now vacant accident site. The contractor he was employed by was dropping off a trench box that was not previously available.
This was all happening at approximately 4 p.m.—the time when Giguere and his wife were supposed to have been leaving for their honeymoon.
Thankfully, Giguere survived and lived to talk about the incident. “It's going to happen,” he says. “I was a 27-year-old bulletproof kid when it happened to me, and I was just trying to get my job done. My big message is this: we can't get used to taking shortcuts on the job.” (His interview video is available here.)
Normally, you don't get a second chance like this when it comes to trenching, which is why it's important to do things right the first time. Employers need to be reminded they are required to provide a workplace free of recognized hazards that may cause injury or death.
How many more tragic events happen like this daily? Safety professional Rick Wakefield, CSMP, has worked approximately 126 miles of 85-inch pipeline for the city of San Francisco. He believes that competent training is of the utmost importance.
“Continued training at weekly safety meetings is important. Remember that 6-foot or deeper—I go with 4-foot—trench boxes are required before anybody steps in the trench. This needs to be monitored at all times. Our crews conducted a Job Safety Analysis every morning before work. We discussed what the goals were for that day, who was going to do what job, and to include a spotter who was responsible for watching the excavator versus people in and around the trenches. If anything appeared unsafe or a “near miss” was observed, we gave the power to any employee to stop the job,” he says.
“Because laying pipe and trenching can be monotonous, it is important that the crew never becomes complacent,” says Wakefield. “At lunch, we discussed our particular jobs, progress, questions about the project, and possibly even ‘change up' positions. This would challenge the brain and keep monotony away. Over all, continued open communication is very important.”
As Giguere knows all too well and has emphasized to workers just like himself, a brief lapse in judgement or taking a shortcut just this one time could impact you and your loved ones forever. Don't bet your life to save a few minutes of time. Do the right thing. Your loved ones are depending on you.
Sports News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: Ghanahguardian.com
Kotoko will face off with Hearts of Oak in Kumasi on Sunday
Deputy coach of Hearts of Oak Edward Nii Odoom has labeled their upcoming Super Clash encounter against Asante Kotoko as defining moment in the ongoing season for his outfit.
The Phobians have had to endure a turbulent start to the 2017/18 Ghana Premier League campaign so far with the team struggling to perform at the level expected by the club's fans.
A last minute equalizer from Patrick Razak against Bechem United rescued them from a brink of a third straight defeat over the weekend.
According to Odoom, the crucial Week 10 encounter against bitter rivals Kotoko is an opportunity to rediscover form and get their season back on track.
"The next game against Kotoko is of course a defining moment for us (the technical team)," Odoom told Otec FM.
"It is however not for the coaches alone but everyone at the club. The supporters have a role to play ahead of the crucial game so we will work hard and improve on our last game against Bechem United."
"Although, we shared the spoils against Bechem, the players played well and created several goalscoring opportunities but it was unfortunate we couldn't make it count. In spite of all these, I believe we will be ready for the Kotoko game," he added.
The two biggest clubs in the country will lock horns on Sunday April 29, 2018 at the Baba Yara Stadium in Kumasi.
Follow Joel Add to circle
2019 Infiniti QX50, first drive Enlarge Photo
We slid behind the wheel of the 2019 Infiniti QX50; spotted the new 2020 Cadillac CT5; and experienced the 2018 Subaru BRZ tS. It's the Week in Reverse, right here at 'Motor Authority.'
We had our first seat time in the new 2019 Infiniti QX50 and found its innovative engine to be a gem, its interior to be punching above its price point, and its infotainment system to be a headache.
Chevrolet announced that its Corvette ZR1 destroyed the Ford GT's lap record at Virginia International Raceway only a few days after the Blue Oval's record came to light.
The 2020 Cadillac CT5 has been spotted undergoing cold-weather testing. Set to replace both the ATS and CTS, the CT5 will be sized like a BMW 5-Series and priced like a 3-Series when it debuts in 2019.
Reports circulated that the 2020 Ford Explorer lineup will include a hot ST model as a range topper. Said to pack a 3.0-liter twin-turbo V-6 under the hood, the ST model should come with more than 400 horsepower and 400 pound-feet of torque.
After sliding behind the wheel of the 2018 Subaru BRZ tS, it's clear the tuned-by-STI special edition—only 500 will be made for the US market—has perfected the BRZ's already capable handling. At the same time, it's exacerbated the car's power issue.
J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter world is certainly filled to the brim with mysteries and secrets still waiting to be discovered. And with it already being six years since the on-screen Hogwarts Express huffed and puffed out of that magical King's Cross platform for the final time, there still remains quite a lot to be read between the lines in the wizarding series.
For example, could J.K. Rowling actually have foreshadowed Professor Dumbledore's death far earlier than the moment in which he was shoved off the Astronomy Tower in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince? According to one particular Reddit theory, the answer is yes.
'Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince' [Credit: Warner Bros.]
See more:
Redditor xAnuq recently dug deep and discovered a major hint that suggests that Rowling actually told us about the silver-bearded headmaster's death three books earlier in the Prisoner of Azkaban.
"When Thirteen Dine Together, The First To Rise Will be The First To Die!"
Here's the theory: As the Dursleys are hardly the type of humans you wish to celebrate Christmas with, Harry decides to stay at Hogwarts with Ron during the holidays in his third year. As a result, they are invited to a dinner party with Dumbledore, Professor Sybil Trelawney and a few others.
When the kooky Divination teacher approaches a table of 12 people sitting down, she freaks out and says that she refuses to join — she's adamant that when 13 people dine together, the first to get up will be the first to die. Her exact words are:
"If I join the table, we shall be thirteen! Nothing could be more unlucky! Never forget that when thirteen dine together, the first to rise will be the first to die!"
[Credit: Warner Bros.]
Nobody really pays attention to Trewlaney's outburst but now, we can see the dire consequences of her prophecy as clear as day. The theory goes on to interestingly note that when the Divination teacher did in fact approach the table, nobody realized that 13 people were already sitting at the table — we would later find out that Peter Pettigrew was in Ron's pocket all along disguised as his pet rat Scabbers, bumping up those seated to the ill-fated number.
Tragically though, at this point — in order to calm his colleague — Dumbledore is the first to rise and with this, J.K. Rowling foreshadowed his fall way before it eventually happened. Ultimately, already into the third book in the #HarryPotter series, his fate was sealed.
Do you think this Dumbledore theory makes sense?
'Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince' [Credit: Warner Bros.]
(Source: Reddit)
Adtech startups like to announce when they've hit $100 million in annualized revenue, but mobile ad startup Vungle is doing a bit better than that — it says it's now reached a $300 million revenue run rate.
And while the last three months of the year tend to be the biggest quarter for advertising, CEO Zain Jaffer noted that Vungle's announcement is based on January revenue — in fact, he predicted that the startup will bring in more revenue during the first quarter of 2017 than in in Q4 2016.
“I think we're in that one sector of advertising technology that is continuing to explode,” Jaffer said.
Specifically, he said mobile advertisers are increasingly focused on performance. That doesn't just mean clicks or even app installs — Jaffer said “the most profound shift” for Vungle has been getting access to post-install data, so it can measure whether its ads bring in users who actually open an app and spend money.
Competitor AppLovin recently sold a majority stake to a Chinese private equity firm for $1.6 billion, something Jaffer said “validates the space overall.”
“It's time for analysts to wake up and realize what really drives mobile revenues,” he added. “People are so obsessed with this idea that TV dollars are moving to mobile, but it's not just a format problem. There's a business model problem here” — something that's being solved as companies like Vungle can “literally prove what the user does.”
I also brought up Facebook and Google's current dominance in online ad spending — are they just going to take bigger and bigger pieces of the pie? Jaffer responded that Vungle takes “all competition seriously,” but he said it's differentiated by a focus on delivering “high value users” to advertisers.
“If you're that focused, I think you have the chance to be the industry leader,” he said.
Apparently Vungle has seen major growth in the Asia-Pacific region, with revenue up 400 percent since 3015. The company also says it's now used in 40,000 mobile apps. And it just released a report on mobile ad trends.
Featured Image: Mix3r/Shutterstock
Access Entertainment has acquired a stake in Brett Ratner's production and film-financing company RatPac Entertainment, Access announced Tuesday. The acquisition will see the company take ownership of RatPac's film, television and documentary business, in partnership with Ratner who will remain CEO.
The deal, which is designed to accelerate RatPac's fast growing film and television business, saw Access buy out the stake of RatPac owned by Australian businessman, and the company's co-founder, James Packer. Variety revealed in February that Packer was quietly looking to unload his stake RatPac.
The move also sees Access, a division of Len Blavatnik's Access Industries, take a major step into film financing acquiring a large share of the RatPac-Dune venture that co-finances films for Warner Bros.
“Warner Bros. is one of the great Hollywood Studios,” said Blavatnik. “I am delighted to be partnering with Kevin Tsujihara and the studio alongside the unique talent of Brett Ratner. Together we will build on RatPac's strategic partnership with Warner Bros.”
Access Entertainment president Danny Cohen will serve as co-chairman alongside Ratner, who retains his interest in the company.
“Len and I have shared the same vision and passion for movies, television and music over the years,” said Ratner. “Because of his experience and enthusiasm, RatPac Entertainment will be an even more formidable provider of quality entertainment worldwide.”
Blavatnik launched Access Entertainment in May last year.
RatPac Entertainment was founded by Ratner and Packer in 2013, partnering with Dune Entertainment on a multi-year co-financing deal with Warner Bros for up to 75 films. To date the deal has seen RatPac-Dune invest in titles including Alfonso Cuaron's Oscar-winning “Gravity;” hit horror franchise “The Conjuring;” family hits “The Lego Movie” and this year's sequel “The Lego Batman Movie;” and DC Entertainment titles including “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice” and this year's upcoming “Wonder Woman” and “Justice League.”
Manchester United move was never on the cards for Fabinho
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 618 // 04 Jul 2018, 22:46 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Liverpool new boy Fabinho
Liverpool new boy Fabinho insists he was never close to joining the Reds' fierce Premier League rivals Manchester United.
The 24-year-old was a reported target for the Red Devils ahead of the 2017-18 season after helping Monaco to a shock Ligue 1 title and the Champions Leagues semi-finals the campaign before.
However, a move to Old Trafford never materialised, despite Fabinho saying he would be interested in a switch, and Liverpool swooped for his services shortly after losing the Champions League final to Real Madrid.
Fabinho, who cost the Reds a reported £43.7million, concedes that discussions were held but that moving to United was never truly on the cards.
In an interview with FourFourTwo magazine, he said: "I was never close to signing for Manchester United, no.
"I heard things said about it, but the truth is it was never a strong possibility.
"I won't deny there were a few conversations about my situation with Monaco, but there was never an official offer from United."
Fabinho: The First Day
Now available on our official @YouTube channel https://t.co/Pv78rbcO69 pic.twitter.com/w2mt5Z5euf — Liverpool FC (@LFC) 2 June 2018
Fabinho was on loan at Real Madrid from Rio Ave, featuring mainly for the club's Castilla side, during Jose Mourinho's time at the Santiago Bernabeu and made his Los Blancos debut off the bench under the Portuguese in May 2013.
But the 24-year-old had little doubt over where he wanted to play his football once Liverpool came calling.
"Yes, [it was] very easy. I was sad to leave Monaco, a club that gave me a lot of great moments, but in football sometimes you need new challenges and I thought it was time to move on," he added.
"As soon as Liverpool declared their interest in signing me, it was a simple decision to make.
"A club with Liverpool's history wants you? Come on, you just pack your bags and go. It will be an honour to wear the famous red shirt."
Staff Reporter
Seasonal cold has forced people throng second-hand clothe outlets and stalls in federal capital as traders claim their business is at seasonal peak.
The second-hand clothes stalls owners at H-9 weekly bazaar said that the recent cold wave in the city has increased the sale of warm clothes manifold.
The weekly bazaars of federal capital particularly H-9 Bazaar have been flooded with all kinds of warm clothes which include woolen jackets, cardigan, gloves, caps, mufflers.
Stall of winter clothes and sales points of shoes also can be witnessed at Melody market, Karachi Company, Faizabad, Khana Pul, Super, Jinnah Super Market and F-10 Markaz. Many people throng to weekly bazaars and Lunda bazaars to buy clothes at cheaper rates. Shopkeepers are looking busy in making roaring business at used clothes stalls of weekly bazaars.
A stall owner said that people prefer to buy used clothes, as these are much cheaper than the new ones. “We purchase these clothes in bulk and sort out well conditioned jackets, sweaters and other items for the customers,” he said. He further said that jackets, sweaters, mufflers and even woolen socks are in great demand nowadays.
Related
Beijing: Chinese authorities have asked banks to suspend business dealings with Anbang Insurance Group, Bloomberg reported on Thursday, a day after the insurer said its chairman had stepped aside, amid reports he had been detained.
The Bloomberg report cited an unnamed source and did not give details on what type of business dealings authorities asked banks to suspend with Anbang.
A spokesman for the insurer said Anbang Insurance Group`s products are still being sold through bank channels.
Anbang, one of China`s most aggressive buyers of overseas assets, said on Wednesday that Wu Xiaohui was temporarily unable to fulfill his duties. Last week, the company denied reports that Wu had been barred from leaving China.
Last month, China`s insurance regulator barred the group`s Anbang Life Insurance Co from applying to issue new products for three months.
Anbang Life was cited for "disrupting market order" by designing a product that bypassed regulations aimed at curbing growth of short-term, risky universal life insurance products, the China Insurance Regulatory Commission said in a notice in early May.
China`s banking regulator did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment from Reuters.
After a Springfield police officer laughed in response to news of anti-racism demonstrators who were run down during a white supremacist rally, the mayor issued an exclamatory statement.
"I just got done issuing a statement this morning on how upsetting the tragic incidents were in Charlottesville, VA, and one of our own officers does this? Unbelievable! There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer," Springfield Mayor Domenic J. Sarno said Sunday night.
White nationalists gathered in in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday. During their "Unite the Right" march, they were met by counterprotesters. Around 1:45 p.m., a car driven by 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr., of Ohio, plowed through protesters.
Heather Heyer, 32, was killed, and more than 30 others were injured.
In response to an article on the vehicular attack, Springfield officer Conrad Lariviere wrote in a comment on Facebook, "Hahahaha love this, maybe people shouldn't block roads."
He went on to question whether the driver was a white nationalist.
Fields was photographed at the rally carrying the wooden shield of Vanguard America, a white supremacist organization identifies as "the face of American fascism."
"I've been hit by a shitbag with warrants but who cares right you ignorant brat live in a fantasy land with the rest of America while I deal with the real danger," Lariviere wrote in response to another social media user who criticized his reaction.
Lariviere confirmed to MassLive that he is a patrolman with the department, and expressed remorse for what he described as "a stupid comment about people blocking streets."
"Never would I want someone to get murdered. I am not a racist and don't believe in what any of those protesters are doing," Lariviere told MassLive.
"We just went through this social media issue with a couple of Springfield Firefighters," Sarno said. "Again, this is not an overall reflection of our men and women in blue, who serve with honor, courage and compassion. If these individuals do not learn from, understand and represent the meaning of mutual respect, my strong suggestion would be a different career path."
When asked of the matter over the weekend, Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri said the department has launched an investigation into the officer.
"I received notification of this Facebook post earlier today via email from a complainant. The post is purportedly from Springfield police officer. I took immediate steps to initiate a prompt and thorough internal investigation," Barbieri wrote in an email. "If in fact this post did originate from an officer employed with the Springfield Police Department, this matter will be reviewed by the Community Police Hearings Board for further action."
Sarno said he commends Barbieri "for a thorough internal investigation and review by our Community Police Hearing Board to pursue the appropriate discipline against said officer."
LAHORE, June 15 (APP): Former Pakistan cricket captains have lauded the
winning ways of the youthful Pakistan team in the ICC Champions trophy and attributed reaching the final of the mega event to sheer hard work and collective efforts after outclassing the English team comprehensively.
“The green shirts made a great come back after loss to India and stamped
two back to back victories to re-establish its supremacy as the young players showcased their talent in a great way while the senior players played with responsibility,” said former captains, Aamir Sohail, Waqar Younis, Ramiz Raja, Younis Khan and Misbah ul Haq while talking to APP on Thursday.
They termed the performance of Pak team against England in the semi
final “a par excellence show” in which young players gelled with experience to score a thumping eight wickets win.
Aamir said the players fought with determination in the crucial match
and the young guns roared in a wonderful manner to justify their inclusion. “The openers (Azhar Ali and Fakhar Zaman) played entertaining knocks giving the team much-needed start to lay the foundation of the victory and the bowlers, especially young ones, Hasan Ali, Junaid Khan, Roman Raees and Shadab Khan bowled brilliantly to shatter the English batting line,” he said.
Former pacer, Waqar Younis said he was delighted to see Pakistan winning the match by outshining the English side in all departments of the game.
“What a superb performance it was against England, it was a treat to watch Pakistan winning comfortably, team fought well, coming from nowhere after losing to India and then striking two victories in a row which is indeed a praiseworthy performance,” he added.
Ramiz said reaching the final first time is a commendable performance and its credit goes to young players as the team management took a brave decision to field three uncapped players during the tournament.
“The consistency showed by the team is possible mainly due to collective
efforts and good captaincy of Sarfraz and it was a remarkable comeback after losing the opening game and then fashioning out two consecutive victories. Well done team Pakistan keep the good work up,” he said.
Younis Khan said reaching the final of the Champions trophy is a big
honour for the Pak team and those players who were being considered “not of much potential” performed to a higher level to prove all predictions wrong. “Take the example of Roman who bowled too good in his debut match without taking any pressure,” he added.
Misbah gave full credit of success against England to the undying spirit of the team, hard work of players and wise captaincy.
“Pak team exhibited skillful cricket and all the players played with
responsibility and out bowling attack, aided by the young talent, restricted England to a chase able total and our openers helped by young batsmen led the team to success by playing amazing knocks,” Misbah added.
The former captains urged the team to show consistency and to play the
final without taking extra pressure of any fancied opponent or the crunch match.
“Team needs a rare guard action, better planning and an exhibition of team efforts to display high brand of cricket to in the ultimate showdown to grab the title to create history to win title first time in the event,” they added.
They wished Pak team best of luck in the final.
You need to login to view this content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SOUTHAMPTON, N.Y. — A New York man was charged Monday with vehicular manslaughter in connection with a hit-and-run crash that killed a 63-year-old Clifford Twp. man while he was making a delivery in eastern Long Island on April 5, police in New York said.
Chace Quinn, 19, of Southampton, also is charged with leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death, police said.
Joseph Lynn McAlla was struck and killed on County Road 39 in Southampton sometime before 2:30 a.m. on April 5 while making a delivery to Southampton Masonry. Police believe he had gotten out of his vehicle when struck.
Quinn also faces other charges in other unrelated incidents.
— JIM LOCKWOOD
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - Bus service resumes Monday (Aug. 14) at Metro's new Civic Center Transit Center in downtown St. Louis.
The redesigned center at 14th and Spruce streets will serve all 23 MetroBus routes that operate downtown.
The new transit center has 18 bus bays, an increase from six. Other amenities include an indoor waiting area with public restrooms, concessions and digital arrival-time boards.
Designers say the new transit center will also provide a safer commuting experience for MetroBus riders and operators. First, the center will have on-site security 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Additionally, all buses will now pick up and drop off inside the transit center away from traffic. Previously, passengers could be picked up and dropped off right on 14th Street because the transit center couldn't accommodate the number of buses passing through.
Federal funding paid for 80 percent of the $10.5 million project and the rest paid for with local funds.
Construction began in April, 2016. Officials cut the ribbon on the rebuilt facility last week.
Winston Blackmore, shown in this November 2011 file photo, is accused of having two dozen wives over a 25-year period. James Oler, who will stand trial alongside Blackmore, allegedly married four women between 1993 and 2009. ( JONATHAN HAYWARD / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
CRANBROOK, B.C.—A decades-long legal battle culminates in British Columbia on Tuesday with the start of a trial for a breakaway Mormon leader charged with polygamy. Winston Blackmore of Bountiful, B.C. is accused of having two dozen wives over a 25-year period. The legal battle dates back to the early 1990s when police first investigated allegations that residents of an isolated religious community were practising multiple or “celestial” marriages. A lack of clarity around Canada's polygamy laws led to failed attempts at prosecuting Blackmore, followed by several efforts to clarify the legislation, including a reference question to the B.C. Supreme Court. The court ruled in 2011 that laws banning polygamy were constitutional and did not violate religious freedoms guaranteed in the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. Blackmore is not the only Bountiful-area resident who has been charged. James Oler will face trial alongside Blackmore for allegedly marrying four women between 1993 and 2009.
Article Continued Below
None of the allegations have been proven in court and the case is being heard by judge alone. Oler was appointed to lead Bountiful following Blackmore's excommunication from the Mormon splinter group in 2002 by Warren Jeffs, head prophet of U.S.-based Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ and Latter-day Saints. Last week, Justice Sheri Ann Donegan of the B.C. Supreme Court dismissed a request from Blackmore's lawyer, Blair Suffredine, to hold separate trials for Blackmore and Oler.
Suffredine argued the polygamy charges involve separate and different allegations. If tried together, evidence against Oler could be prejudicial to Blackmore and vice versa, he said. Peter Wilson, a special prosecutor appointed by the provincial government, argued that expert evidence was going to be called from witnesses in the United States and that it wouldn't make sense to have them come to Canada again for a second trial. Donegan said she wanted to “balance the interests of the public and the accused” and was not persuaded that the trial needed to be separated. She is expected to give her full reasons for the decision before the trial begins Tuesday. The trial in Cranbrook is expected to last several weeks. Suffredine said in an interview there's no question surrounding the validity of Canada's polygamy laws, but rather whether his client is entitled to an exemption for religious reasons. “The dilemma is this, put simply: If you went out and slept with 20 women and made kids with each one of them, but then ran away and didn't pay for them, you would not have committed any crime,” he said. “But if you go through a ceremony where you promise to live with her or look after her and the children all your life, now you've committed a crime.” Oler doesn't have a lawyer for the trial. An impartial adviser has been appointed to assist the court and provide balance. Wilson declined to comment before the trial.
Read more about:
Inter Allies have beefed up their technical team with the addition of Togolese Coach Adam Fazazi.
He will work as one of the two assistants to head Coach Kenichi Yatshuashi.
Adam Fazazi, until his appointment to the assistant coach role, was the head coach of the club's feeder side, Cedar Stars Academy. His new role comes as a promotion to the senior side after satisfactory work with Cedar Stars Academy.
The Togolese coach mostly worked in his home country as coach of teams like ASFOSA in the 2ndd tier, ASKO, Angers and Maranatha, all in the top tier.
He joined the Togo national team ranks and worked as Coach of the U-20 team that almost qualified to the 2015 African Youth Championship as well as a stint with their home-based senior side in 2012.
Coach Fazazi is a former defender who played for SARA – Sport de Bafilo in the lower division, top flights side ASKO de Kara, DUMAS de Lome and Etoile Filante de Lome.
The new assistant coach is expected to offer support to Coach Kenichi Yatshuashi and other coaches on the technical team to sustain the Club's league campaign successfully.
He has been part of the technical bench of the team's last four league matches.
Joe Thomas says he was surprised to hear from younger NFL linemen and LeBron James congratulating him on his career and retirement. (1:09)
BEREA, Ohio -- With just the right mix of self-deprecating humor and sincere feelings, Joe Thomas said with emotion Monday that the time had come for him to say goodbye to his NFL playing career.
"Goodbye not because I'm retiring, but because I'm merely changing jobs," Thomas told fans as he wiped away a tear. "From being your left tackle to being the No. 1 fan of the Cleveland Browns."
Thomas spoke to a full house of Browns employees, coaches and front office officials. Owner Jimmy Haslam joined Thomas' wife, Annie, in the front row with the couple's three children, and employees wore T-shirts that read "No Ordinary Joe."
Thomas started his remarks with several barbs that featured a rundown of his 11 years of struggle with the Browns.
Editor's Picks Browns mainstay Thomas retires after 11 years Browns tackle Joe Thomas, who was named to the Pro Bowl in each of his first 10 seasons, announced Wednesday that he will retire.
He said Ray Farmer tried to text him, but he didn't get it because it was during a game and Farmer had been suspended -- a reference to the former general manager being suspended for texting the sideline during his tenure with the Browns.
Thomas said Kyle Shanahan put together a 32-page PowerPoint presentation trying to convince him not to retire, a reference to Shanahan putting together a detailed explanation why the Browns should let him out of his contract as offensive coordinator after the 2014 season.
Thomas said he wanted to talk to former coach Eric Mangini, but he would have had to ride a bus with him to Connecticut -- a reference to Mangini having Browns rookies bus to Connecticut and back to take part in Mangini's coaching clinic.
Thomas said former quarterback Brandon Weeden tried to text, but he still was caught under a giant American flag (something that happened before Weeden's first game in Cleveland); that former VP Sashi Brown tried to send information but didn't submit it on time (a reference to the botched trade deadline deal for AJ McCarron); and that Johnny Manziel tried to call him from a club but the "money phone" didn't have good service.
With Haslam listening and smiling, Thomas even described the Rob Chudzinski coaching era by saying "both those days were outstanding."
The jokes somehow seemed fitting from the guy who a day earlier had posted this on Twitter:
Does anyone make a toothpaste tube of butter? That's your million dollar idea @butterproject — Joe Thomas (@joethomas73) March 19, 2018
There were plenty of serious moments. Thomas mentioned numerous people he wanted to thank, starting with Annie and his family and continuing through teammates, coaches (he credited former Browns line coach George Warhop for much of his growth), friends and front office types. Thomas even wiped his eye when the Cleveland chapter of the Pro Football Writers of America informed him that its player of the year award would henceforth be known as The Joe Thomas Award.
Thomas admitted that before he hurt his triceps in a loss to the Tennessee Titans last October -- an injury that ended his consecutive snaps streak at 10,363 -- he was already worried that he might not make it through the season. A knee issue plagued him the past few years and limited his practice time, ultimately leading to his retirement decision.
"I was feeling like I was in tough shape physically, my knee specifically," Thomas said. "I was concerned that I wasn't going to make it through the season. Not only that, but I was concerned that if I was going to make it, my performance was going to drop significantly because of what I had to go through to try to get the knee ready for Sunday.
"And sometimes it wasn't really feeling all that ready."
As for his success, the 10 Pro Bowls in 11 seasons and all the snaps, Thomas credited a basic mantra: Be on time, pay attention and work hard.
His plan is to move back to Wisconsin, where both his and Annie's families live. But he wants to remain connected to the Browns and Cleveland. Thomas saved his last and most passionate thanks for Browns fans.
"The passion, toughness and determination that you display on a daily basis is an inspiration for myself and for all of my teammates and all the people that wear 'Cleveland' across their chest," Thomas said. "You guys taught me what it means to be a Clevelander. Playing in front of the greatest fans in the NFL is easily the greatest honor that I've had in my 11-year career. I hope I was able to make you guys proud in the way that I was always proud when I told people boldly that 'I am a Cleveland Brown.' The excitement I had for my team and my city never wavered, no matter what the circumstances."
As he continued his voice cracked just a bit.
"So it is with all of this," he said, "that I must say goodbye."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An antiques dealer who strangled his seven-year-old daughter admitted he said "sorry" to her before carrying out the killing he had 'planned for weeks', a court heard.
Robert Peters, 56, used a dressing gown cord to end Sophia's life on November 3 last year.
He admitted she gave him no cause to dislike her, going on to explain how he killed his daughter the day before she was due to return to a £5,000-a-year boarding school.
Peters said Sophie was not getting on well at school, adding: “That's partly down to her ability.
“Maybe I thought when it started she would improve. It wasn't an annoyance particularly. It was everything - the whole scenario of my debt.”
A video of his police interview was shown to the Old Bailey jury, in which he confessed he had been planning the killing for weeks.
(Image: central news)
(Image: central news)
Peters, from south west London, said: “I have been depressed for a long time.
“I planned on killing my daughter because I just couldn't bear going on with life.
“Over the last year I have been slowly going bankrupt. Not yet bankrupt, but that's the way it has been going.
“I haven't been in control of anything. That was the fact. My life was impossible to live.”
He added: “I went into her bedroom and I strangled her.”
Peters said he had a two-and-a-half year affair with a married woman he met online who worked for the Home Office.
He left the family home six months ago, but later returned.
Describing the affair, he said: “She had a hold over me.
(Image: central news)
“I tried to end the relationship a number of times but she couldn't let me go. I kept on going back.”
His wife found out a year ago, but “forgave me sort of, asking me questions” since he returned home.
Sitting with his arms crossed, Peters added: “But that wasn't the real pressure. The pressure was that I was going bankrupt and unable to cope.
“I did seek some help but it wasn't helped. They gave me different pills at times.”
He explained how he tried to commit suicide twice in the previous months, and had tried 20 years ago.
Asked if his business was doing okay, he replied: “Not really. It's slowly going under in my mind. Just losing money, not being able to cope with it.
(Image: central news)
“I was drowning in my business, and it didn't matter what they gave me. I was in a hopeless situation.”
He said he had a “fear of being homeless and on the streets - that was losing everything”.
Peters calmly added: “I just felt trapped. Continuously trapped.”
He said he had not been a “good father”, and Sophia had not been loved the way she “should have been”, adding: “It's just me and my personality.
“Why that turned to murder is hard to fathom.”
On what he thought the outcome would be, he said: “I would spend the rest of my life in jail, which is probably so.”
Asked why he had not taken his own life, Peters said: “I tried.”
(Image: central news)
Peters went on: “I went into the room and strangled her. I just put it round her neck and tightened it. She woke up.”
Asked what he said to her, Peters told police: “Just sorry.”
He said it took 20 to 30 minutes before he felt she had died.
Asked when he stopped, Peters replied: “When she was lifeless.”
He said she fought it “a little bit, until she became lifeless”, and then “I left it tied hard around her neck and went to call the police”.
Peters went on: “I was too tormented with myself. It's hard to fathom, hard for everyone to understand.”
Police told him he seemed to have no money difficulties, which he said were the cause of his breakdown.
(Image: central news)
He replied: “I knew eventually everything was running out. It was draining. I was powerless to control it.
“I knew I wasn't able to get out or just to change. I just couldn't downsize or move on or do anything about it.
“A disaster waiting to happen. Slowly but surely.”
He said he was still making maintenance payments to an ex-wife which was one of the causes why his money was “draining”.
On why he had chosen to kill Sophia on that day, he said: “It was the last day before she was going to go back to school.
“I thought about doing this all week, or weeks.”
Peters, of Raynes Park, south west London, denies murder but admits manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility.
The trial continues.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):The Parliamentary Committee on China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) on Monday met under the chairmanship of Senator Mushahid Hussain Sayed and received briefing on long-term plan of the project.
Minister for Planning and Development, Ahsan Iqbal gave a briefing to the members of the committee regarding the long term plan of CPEC which has been agreed to by both Pakistan and China at the last meeting of the Joint Cooperation Committee (JCC) held here on November 21, 2017.
He said that this plan was approved after an 18-month long consultation process and it was shared with all the provinces and endorsed it before it was sent to China and now it is an official document of the CPEC.
During his briefing, the Minister of Planning and Development said that agriculture, poverty alleviation, tourism and culture and improvement in people's livelihood had been added in the CPEC profile for the future to ensure the well-being of the local communities.
Agricultural research would be undertaken so that agricultural products could be value-added with modern technology from China. Since Chinese tourists are increasing in large number, it was decided to promote tourism projects with the building of tourists resorts on the Makran coast and there will be also encouragement of people to people exchanges between Pakistan and China within the framework of culture and education.
In January 2018, a delegation of Pakistan's exporters would go to China to enhance Pakistan's export potential and this delegation is being facilitated by the Government of Pakistan.
During the current JCC meeting, the minister briefed the committee that all the Chief Ministers were present as well as, for the first time, representatives of Chambers of Commerce and Industry.
He also informed that the groundbreaking of Gwadar International Airport will be done in March 2018.
The meeting was informed that contrary to the speculation in the media, the reports of shelving three infrastructure projects is not correct, rather, Chinese side was reviewing the financial mechanism of these projects and these would be started upon receipt of approval from the Chinese side.
The Karachi Circular Railway (KCR) project has been approved as CPEC project while similar projects for Quetta and Peshawar will be reviewed upon receiving technical feasibility reports of the project.
The Parliamentary Committee was also briefed by the Ministry of Power regarding the early harvest energy projects which are on track. The Thar coal project would be operational by June 2019 based on mining of indigenous coal from Thar.
The Port Qasim power project would be completed by February 2018 while the other projects including the Hubco 1320 MW project and two hydro power projects in Sukki Kinari (870 MW) and Karot (720 MW) are proceeding ahead for completion as scheduled.
The committee expressed satisfaction with the progress of the Early Harvest Projects as well as the development of the Gwadar Port. The Chairman of the Committee, Senator Mushahid Hussain welcomed the inclusion of agriculture sector in CPEC since agriculture is the backbone of the Pakistan economy, and he said this will give boost to the economy and also provide Pakistan's farmers with the latest technology in collaboration with China.
He also welcomed the inclusion of tourism and culture, adding that the portfolio has been broadened to include these key elements of promoting people-to-people understanding.
The meeting was attended by Senator Lt Gen (Retd) Salahuddin Tirmizi, Rana Muhammad Afzal, MNA, Isphanyar M. Bhandara, ijaz Hussain Jakhrani, MNA, Asad Umar, MNA, Sheikh Salahuddin, MNA, Alhaj Shahji Gul Afridi, MNA and Minister Incharge for Planning, Development and Reform
Ahsan Iqbal and senior officers of the different ministries and departments.
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group said on Friday net profit rose 9.7 percent in the nine months ended December, helped by fewer bad loans and gains from its stock portfolio.
Japan's largest lender said net profit came in at 863.4 billion yen ($7.86 billion) for the April-December period, compared with 786.9 billion yen a year earlier.
The bank's profit was also boosted by a strong performance from Morgan Stanley. MUFG owns about one-fifth of the Wall Street investment bank.
For the full year through March, the bank kept its net profit forecast of 950 billion yen, up 2.5 percent from the previous year and below an average estimate of 1.01 trillion yen in a poll of 14 analysts by Thomson Reuters. ($1 = 109.8100 yen) (Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
Spotify announced a series of improvements to its free tier at a press event on Tuesday that it says will help boost the number of users on its paid premium service. These include a wide variety of enhancements to its mobile app, including more control over how to explore, more access to playlists and other music, greater recommendations when building playlists, and a reduction in the amount of data it uses. This also includes smaller embellishments such as proactively caching songs that listeners are likely to want to hear based on previous listening habits.
“We know it's the only way we're going to achieve our goal of getting billions of fans” on the service, said Gustav Soderstrom, chief R&B officer. “We're doing this because we know it will drive growth: the better our free experience the more likely it is that free users will become premium users.”
He compared the service's free tier to broadcast radio in the 1990s, and how it drove business to record stores. “Now, Spotify is both the radio station and the record store,” he said, pausing before throwing a little shade at the radio industry, “but unlike radio, we actually share the revenue with artists and users.”
Related Inside Spotify's Massive David Bowie 'Subway Takeover' (Photos) Spotify in Israel: Streaming Giant Finds Its Footing a Month After Launch
He said that more than 90 million users are on free tier, and that 60% of the paying users in 2017 started out as freemium users.
“We're proud of helping to bring the music industry back to growth,” he said. “If 71 millon people paid out of 150 million, just imagine if we scaled that to the size of broadcast radio.” And with more than 2 billion social-media users in the world, he said, “Music is potentially bigger than social media networks.”
With such a dramatically improved free tier, one might wonder what the appeal is in a paid service. That, actually, remains largely the same: “More control, much better personalization to help discover new music, no ads” said vp of growth Babar Zafar. He added that a “Select data saver” option can save up to 75% of mobile data. He said more improvements on data usage are in the works.
Global head of creator services Troy Carter spoke about the new model's impact on artists, who are naturally suspicious of expanding the services free options. He spoke of the country artist Garret T. Capps, an independent musician whose music began popping up on Spotify playlists after a buzzy South by Southwest appearance. It was then discovered by “Billions” showrunner (and former A&R executive) Brian Koppelman, who used one of Capps' songs in an opening scene of the show's season premiere. Carter displayed an email from Capps that said in part, “Brian is a true fan and really wants to help me because of Spotify's badass algorythms.”
He also told a story about Shawn Mendes' label, Island, wanting to restrict his last album to the paid tier, but were won over by the number and enthusiasm of the users on the free tier.
“We're serious about wanting to help a million artists,” Carter said, repeating an oft-said Spotify mantra. “But in order to do that we have to get more people on the platform.”
Citing regulations, the execs declined to discuss the company's financials or its public listing, and when asked about specific artist royalties, Soderstrom said, “We have many, many different agreements with labels, so we can't really comment on that.”
The theme of the conference was clear to users from the minute they walked in: Every song playing over the P.A. had the word “free” in its title, from Cream's “I Feel Free” to Beck's “I'm So Free” to Candi Staton's “Young Hearts Run Free.”
More to come…
NOLAN PARTNERS AND SELLING AGENT CHERYLENE BURKE'S Property Pick of the Week is this Boambee East property.
Cherylene, tell us about this home:
THE home offers three good-sized bedrooms with built-ins on one level and a conveniently located to the three way bathroom.
On entry you will find a large living area and through the arch a neat and tidy kitchen with ample bench and storage space and a generous area for meal times.
Off the kitchen is a covered and enclosed timber deck for those early morning cuppas and balmy nights - just so very peaceful.
Positioned on an elevated 705sqm fully fenced block with potential side access it offers lots of opportunities, while still leaving plenty of room for the kids and even a veggie patch.
There is a double garage with workshop and storage spaces which is sure to be the envy of any man.
At this level you will find the fourth bedroom and second bathroom with large laundry giving direct access to the clothes line.
What is your favourite feature of the home?
Positioned in what has always been a popular street it is an easy walk to the children's playground, close to school, transport and convenient neighbourhood shopping.
Who will be interested in buying this home?
This solid family home offers an ideal opportunity for growing families, first home buyers and investors. It is situated in a family-friendly neighbourhood with wonderful neighbours and is close to schools, shops and parks. It's got the space, it's got the location, it's got the potential.
BOAMBEE EAST
13 Playford Ave
4 bed, 2 baths, 2 cars
PRICE: E.O.I. Closing Wednesday 10th January @ 3pm
INSPECT: Wednesday December 13 11.30am - 12.00pm, Saturday December 16 11.00am - 11.30am
CONTACT: Cherylene Burke Nolan partners, 0409 585 229
Hi!
You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
Thanks,
TC Team
Lawyers in South Korea are facing a widening gap in income due to fiercer competition and large law firms' growing dominance in the local market for legal services, government data showed Wednesday.
According to the data by the National Tax Service, about a quarter of private attorneys in the country earn less than 4 million won ($3,510) per month, with the top 10 accounting for roughly 70 percent of their total sales.
This combined file photo shows the logo of a lawyer's office (Yonhap)
In 2015, 25.8 percent of the total, or 1,100 lawyers, posted annual sales of less than 48 million won, with combined revenue by the upper 10 percent amounting to 69.6 percent of their total sales.The wide income inequality results mainly from tougher market competition caused by a rise in the number of lawyers, with the emergence of many large law firms also playing a part, an NTS official said, adding lawyers face the widest income inequality among professionals in the country.The data also showed there were 33,000 private lawyers, tax accountants, certified public accountants and six other professionals in South Korea in 2015, up 17.2 percent from four years earlier.Slightly over 23 percent of them, or 7,800, registered annual sales of less than 48 million won, with the top 10 percent accounting for 41 percent of the combined revenue of 7.8 trillion won. (Yonhap)
NEW YORK -- Washington forward T.J. Oshie has been fined $5,000 for cross-checking Pittsburgh defenseman Kris Letang in the neck.
The NHL announced the fine Saturday.
The scuffle along the boards occurred at 19:40 of the second period in the Penguins' 7-4 win Friday night. Oshie was assessed a minor penalty.
Hugh Poole fishes at a pond in FDR Park in Philadelphia, Thursday, May 24, 2018.
David Maialetti, AP
Hot enough for you?
The USA is sweltering through what will likely be its hottest May on record, according to a preliminary analysis of weather data.
National Weather Service meteorologist Victor Murphy said May 2018 should break the record set in May 1934 during the Dust Bowl.
The heat has been particularly noteworthy in the central U.S., including the upper Midwest and northern Plains, where temperatures have run some 5-8 degrees above average, according to weather.us meteorologist Ryan Maue.
On Monday, the temperature in Minneapolis soared to a record 100 degrees, the city's earliest 100-degree reading on record, buckling roads, straining air conditioners and triggering air quality alerts.
Other cities seeing record-breaking heat over the past few days include Chicago, Milwaukee, Green Bay and Des Moines, Radiant Solutions reported.
Overall, in just the past few days more than 1,900 heat records have been broken or tied, weather.com said.
According to PRISM, the avg. monthly temp for the CONUS for May is 64.6F, thru 5/28. #NCEI shows the all-time CONUS record being 64.71F in May 1934. With blast furnace temps across much of CONUS next 2 days, the Dust Bowl era record should fall. pic.twitter.com/O1OmDd2VsZ — victor murphy (@wxmanvic) May 29, 2018
For folks in the Midwest, the crazy heat of May follows what had been an unusually cold April. In fact, for two states in the Upper Midwest — Iowa and Wisconsin — it was the coldest April since records began in 1895, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said.
The Twin Cities saw their fourth-coldest April on record. Meteorologist Peter Mullinax of Planalytics said that Minneapolis' weather whiplash from April to May was the biggest on record, a rebound of almost 30 degrees.
Nationally, April 2018 was the USA's coldest April in 21 years.
Record-breaking snow also accompanied the cold in many areas, wreaking havoc with baseball schedules and seriously delaying the onset of spring.
During April, the average U.S. temperature was 48.9 degrees, which was 2.2 degrees below average, "making it the 13th-coldest April on record and the coldest since 1997," NOAA said.
Final weather data for May will be out in early June.
Entire Lower 48 USA has above average temperature for May 2018 except for rainy Florida and oddly enough California.
Large area of 5-8°F across Plains and Ohio Valley a welcome reprieve from a late arriving Spring. pic.twitter.com/8TEt2NgExc — Ryan | weather.us (@RyanMaue) May 30, 2018
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Units of BP PLC and Trafigura AG on Friday became the latest companies to file a complaint with a U.S. regulator over shipping rates charged by Colonial Pipeline Co, which operates the biggest fuel pipeline system in the United States.
The complaint follows an identical one from oil major Chevron Corp leading refiner Valero Energy Corp and Delta Air Lines Inc filed in November over the fees charged by Colonial to ship fuel, including gasoline, diesel and jet fuel.
BP Products North America Inc, Trafigura Trading LLC and TCPU Inc urged FERC to set the matter for hearing and sought to consolidate their complaint with the November one.
“Good cause exists to believe that Colonial's existing rates... are unjust and unreasonable,” the companies said in a 917-page complaint filed with the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC).
The complaints could lead to the first regulatory examination of Colonial Pipeline's rates in nearly two decades. The pipeline hauls more than 3 million barrels of fuel from the refinery hub on the U.S. Gulf Coast to northeast distribution centers every day.
Chevron, Valero and Delta complained to FERC that Colonial overcharged the companies by more than $60 million combined, and is potentially monopolizing fuel delivery into the New York region.
BP and Trafigura joined the companies in alleging that Colonial's opaque fee structure pushed its 2016 interstate revenue to exceed its costs by $339.3 million, earning it about a 29 percent realized return on equity.
“Excess earnings of this magnitude are far above the levels that the Commission has found to be sufficient to justify holding hearings in recent rate investigations of other pipelines,” BP and Trafigura said.
Overall, BP Products' total estimated overpayment to Colonial for shipping fuel between January 2016 through December 2017, including so-called contentious “product loss allocation fees,” was $55.5 million, according to the complaint. Trafigura's total estimated overpayment to Colonial during the same period was $27.2 million, the complaint said.
The companies seek reparations of those amounts and asked FERC to investigate whether Colonial should be allowed to charge market-based rates due to its monopoly in some markets.
Colonial could not immediately be reached for comment but the company defended its fees in December saying the complaint from Chevron, Valero and Delta was based on “purposefully manipulated” financial data.
Others including refiner Phillips 66, Flint Hills Resources LP and Castleton Commodities have filed to intervene in the proceeding. (Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in New York; Editing by Tom Brown)
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Police Scotland has confirmed they have recovered the body of a man from Cliff beach near to the Valtos area of Isle of Lewis on Saturday.
A member of the public alerted police at around 3.25pm. Officers attended and were assisted by the Coastguard.
Formal identification is yet to take place, however the family of missing German tourist Torsten Kulke has been informed.
The 48-year-old was reported missing from his home in Germany on Monday July 31, and he was last seen near Aird Uig on the Isle of Lewis at around 6pm on Friday July 28.
There is not thought to be any suspicious circumstances and a report will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal in due course.
PRESS RELEASE The World Mocks ‘Political Corpse' Obama Dec. 30, 2016 (EIRNS)—Russians are making such sport of the disappearing Barack Obama for his anti-Russian rampage, that it is making news even in mainstream Western media. Take, for example, yesterday's tweet from the Russian embassy in the UK, with a picture of a duck and the note: "President Obama expels 35 diplomats in Cold War deja vu. As everybody, including American people, will be glad to see the last of this hapless Adm." Reported throughout the British media. Or Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev's "RIP" tweet from today: "It is sad that the Obama administration that began its life by reconstructing ties ends it with anti-Russian death throes, RIP." Then there was Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova's post to Facebook yesterday: "The people [who] inhabited the White House for 8 years are not an Administration but a bunch of foreign policy losers, angry and shallow-brained. Today, Obama admitted this officially.... It's curtain time. [The] ugly show is over. The whole world, from stalls to the gallery, had been watching the crashing blow to the prestige of America and to its leadership, caused by Barak Obama and his illiterate foreign policy team that opened to the world her biggest secret: exclusiveness was a mask for helplessness. And no enemy of the United States could have done worse damage." One of the best fun made of Obama via Russian mockery came by way of the Observer Media, whose publisher is Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner. For much of Friday, an Observer Media article was the lead story on the big news aggregation website, Drudge Report, under the headline "Putin Laughs Off Obama; Russians Mock ‘Political Corpse." Some "believe that Obama, like a bad tenant, is trying to ruin everything in the apartment he no longer rents," Observer Media wrote. Such is the case with "top political commentator and pro-Kremlin propagandist Dmitry Kiselyov," it went on, who charged on his TV show that "Obama tries to spoil everything everywhere for the President-elect Trump. And with every day, his behavior gets worse and worse. It seems that on the eve of the inauguration, January 20, he will have nothing else left to do for himself but to break all the windows in the White House and to leave behind a pile [of shit] on the steps."
5 players Manchester United need to sign this summer
With Man United a team in flux this summer, here are five marquee signings they could make to bolster their chances of trophies in 2017/18.
by Scott Newman Top 5 / Top 10 15 Jun 2017, 10:56 IST
With Wayne Rooney heading for the exits at Manchester United, who will be their next talisman?
After a season that saw Manchester United win two (meaningful) trophies only to finish sixth in the Premier League despite spending a tremendous amount of money in the summer, they are a club in flux. While their managerial situation seems pretty settled – Jose Mourinho doesn't appear to be going anywhere despite being happy to live out of the Lowry Hotel rather than find a Manchester-based home – their squad situation may well not be.
Players like Wayne Rooney – an institution and a legend at United since signing with them in 2004 – Michael Carrick, and one of their marquee signings from last season, Zlatan Ibrahimovic, may well be looking at the door at Old Trafford this summer.
While it could be argued that players like these are either past their primes or have not lived up to their potential, there can be no denying that they'll need to be replaced. And with United's size, history, financial clout, and pulling power, realistically nobody is out of reach. So here are five players that they could go for this summer.
#1 Harry Kane
If United wants a player who can guarantee goals like Zlatan Ibrahimovic did, then there's only one answer and it's Harry Kane of Tottenham Hotspur. While people considered Ibrahimovic past his prime when he signed for United last summer, the Swedish legend still managed a return of 28 goals – hugely impressive considering it was his first season in England. But with his knee badly injured and question marks over whether he can ever return as the same player, it appears that he may not be returning to Old Trafford.
Kane, meanwhile, has become the Premier League's most reliable goalscorer over the past three seasons. 2014/15 saw him score 31 goals, in 2015/16 he hit 28, and most recently he scored an incredible 35 goals in just 38 appearances in 2016/17. And he's not a one-trick pony either – like a prime Ibrahimovic, he can score goals from long range, close range, with either foot or with his head. He also appears to have cemented his place in the England side too, taking over as their main goal threat and team captain.
Could United get Kane? It'd be difficult. He's a Spurs man through and through and has never expressed an interest in leaving – particularly not when it appears that Tottenham have overtaken United in the Premier League standings – but an offer of something like £120m could force Spurs chairman Daniel Levy's hand.
Is there a New Year plant? Christmas has a host of decorative ones to help celebrate the festive season, but the advent of January seems to have no equivalent. Sometimes the weather is kind enough to encourage snowdrops or other very dwarf bulbs to flower, but there's no guaranteed consistency. What appeared last year may not appear this.
And yet there are little beacons of brightness that can be relied on to try their best whatever the weather – like the spurges, simple, unsophisticated plants which rarely receive the recognition they deserve for all their efforts in growing and flowering, year in, year out, without asking for any help from the gardener.
Euphorbias should be made compulsory additions to every garden, no matter how big or small. They are so tough, so cheerful (and, yes, some varieties are invasive – their tiny rosettes appear yards away from the parent plants; just pull them up and you'll find yards of root) and even elegant. Their foliage holds raindrops which, should the winter sun shine, reflect the light like tiny diamonds.
And despite their ability to go where they shouldn't, the hardy spurges deserve to be recognised as valuable additions to beds and borders, and even containers.
They may be the little-praised workhorses, relatives of the vibrant poinsettias which make their mark every Christmas, but for many months of the year, evergreen euphorbias are the ones that hold together perennial beds.
In February and March, bracts start to appear and, in April, the leaves are topped with lemon, pale green tints which defy description. In May, the spurges dominate. In June, they still hold their heads above the rest, and it's only come July that they are eventually pushed into the background.
Spurges are among the most tolerant and versatile plants available to the gardener. They take the rough with the smooth, the rich soil with the poor. No sunless corner is too dark for them – they will grow anywhere and defy all weathers and conditions.
Just beware – these plants come in a huge array of sizes and colours, so it's important to choose with care the right variety for the right spot. And take care when their stems are cut or broken, they release a white, irritant sap. If you got a decent pair of gardening gloves for Christmas, wear them with pride.
Abdul Khaliq Qureshi
Abbottabad
The initial medical report of Misbah, an 11-year-old maid who was found dead under mysterious circumstances in Abbottabad, states that she choked to death on a piece of orange, Deputy Inspector General (DIG) Hazara Muhammad Saeed Wazir said on Friday.
However, police are awaiting the radiology and forensic reports to form final opinion on the matter.
Misbah and her elder sister had been employed at the house of Shoaib Ghani, the brother of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Higher Education Minister Mushtaq Ahmad Ghani. She was brought last month to the District Headquarters Hospital, Abbottabad for emergency treatment but could not survive and lost her breath in the hospital's ICU on January 25, following which she was laid to rest.
However, her body was later exhumed following a debate and campaign on social and mainstream media.
DIG Wazir said that detailed reports on her death shall be available in a week's time and will be submitted to the provincial inspector general (IG) and the Chief Justice of Pakistan Mian Saqib Nisar, who had taken suo motu notice of the girl's death.
The DIG further said that no sign of torture or any kind of sexual abuse were found on the body according to the initial medical report.
A fact-finding committee has already been formed by DIG Wazir, which comprises government officials, members of civil society and a medical team. It is expected to submit its report to a district and sessions judge.
Kamran, the father of the deceased girl, had not accused anyone following her death and had stated that his daughter died of asthma, which was prevalent in the family.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Som Distilleries And Breweries Ltd :
* SOM DISTILLERIES AND BREWERIES - BEER BRANDS 'HUNTER', 'BLACKFORT' AND 'POWER FAMILY' GOT EXCISE APPROVAL FOR SUPPLY TO MAHARASHTRA Source text - bit.ly/2s3y1GU Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Following are the details of deals in Indian Certificates of Deposit reported on Clearcorp F-TRAC Platform. ISIN DESCRIPTION MATURITY WTG AVG NO OF TRADED LAST TRADED DATE PRICE YLD% TRADES VALUE* PRICE YIELD ============ ============ ======== ======= ======= ====== ===== =============== INE551W16057 UJJIVAN SMALL FIN BK 5-Feb-18 99.9499 6.0986 1 125 99.9499 6.0986 INE238A16V28 AXIS BK 6-Feb-18 99.9452 5.0000 2 60 99.9452 5.0000 INE092T16CB1 IDFC BK 14-Feb-18 99.8008 6.0711 1 5 99.8008 6.0711 INE090A167N3 ICICI BK 15-Feb-18 99.7882 5.9593 2 160 99.7882 5.9593 INE040A16BW8 HDFC BK 21-Feb-18 99.6886 6.0008 1 5 99.6886 6.0008 INE976G16GL2 RBL BK 22-Feb-18 99.6481 6.4449 1 5 99.6481 6.4449 INE683A16JX6 THE SOUTH INDIAN BK 23-Feb-18 99.6417 6.2500 1 25 99.6417 6.2500 INE238A16S23 AXIS BK 23-Feb-18 99.6503 6.0994 1 25 99.6503 6.0994 INE976G16GN8 RBL BK 23-Feb-18 99.6952 6.1996 1 5 99.6952 6.1996 INE976G16GP3 RBL BK 26-Feb-18 99.5907 6.2504 1 25 99.5907 6.2504 INE040A16BY4 HDFC BK 1-Mar-18 99.5429 6.2079 4 400 99.5442 6.1900 INE705A16PX4 VIJAYA BK 5-Mar-18 99.4724 6.2450 3 200 99.4724 6.2450 INE976G16GT5 RBL BK 5-Mar-18 99.4636 6.3497 1 50 99.4636 6.3497 INE976G16GC1 RBL BK 9-Mar-18 99.3948 6.3498 1 50 99.3948 6.3498 INE036D16HF2 THE KARUR VYSYA BK 14-Mar-18 99.3092 6.3474 1 150 99.3092 6.3474 INE063P16081 EQUITAS SMALL FIN BK 15-Mar-18 99.2600 6.6369 1 100 99.2600 6.6369 INE092T16CM8 IDFC BK 20-Mar-18 99.2185 6.2499 1 100 99.2185 6.2499 INE063P16057 EQUITAS SMALL FIN BK 23-Mar-18 99.1090 6.6967 1 100 99.1090 6.6967 INE528G16L64 YES BK 26-Mar-18 99.1244 6.2003 1 5 99.1244 6.2003 INE238A16W50 AXIS BK 27-Mar-18 99.1379 6.3480 3 155 99.1471 6.2797 INE528G16L80 YES BK 28-Mar-18 99.1343 6.2498 2 50 99.1343 6.2498 INE090A162O2 ICICI BK 28-Mar-18 99.1000 6.4997 1 5 99.1000 6.4997 INE976G16HC9 RBL BK 9-Apr-18 98.7272 7.1297 1 50 98.7272 7.1297 INE092T16DA1 IDFC BK 2-May-18 98.2885 7.1415 5 350 98.2888 7.1400 INE090A160O6 ICICI BK 31-May-18 97.7045 7.2673 1 15 97.7045 7.2673 INE095A16WK3 INDUSIND BK 12-Jun-18 97.4591 7.3201 2 83 97.4591 7.3201 INE040A16CA2 HDFC BK 25-Jan-19 93.1799 7.4833 2 75 93.2082 7.4500 INE095A16WZ1 INDUSIND BK 29-Jan-19 92.9660 7.6500 2 350 92.9660 7.6500 =============================================================================================== *: Crores Note: F-TRAC Reporting Platform for CD shifted to CDSIL w.e.f. 2-Jun-2014. Reporting procedure remains the same. CD Focus Page : For Primary Market CD Deals : FIMMDA Reporting Platform CD Deals Page : FIMMDA Reporting Platform CD Deals RICS : Contact Mumbai Rate Reporting Unit: + 91 22 6180 7222 / 3317 7222 rru.data@thomsonreuters.com
A $25 million Powerball win in Nambucca Heads in September made the town the luckiest lottery town Australia-wide in 2017 for division one money.
A $25 million Powerball win in Nambucca Heads in September made the town the luckiest lottery town Australia-wide in 2017 for division one money. NSW Lotteries
A $25-million lottery win in Nambucca Heads skyrocketed the Coffs Coast town to the top of this year's luckiest postcodes for division one lotto wins.
A hardworking Nambucca Heads dad had his life changed when he claimed the incredible division one Powerball win in September.
The local man, aged in his 30s, said he planned to buy a farm with his massive win.
"Oh it's beautiful! It's amazing! I don't know what to think!" the man told lotteries.
"I was at work and I saw on Facebook that there had been a win in the region so I thought I better check my ticket.
"I just couldn't believe it. I'm stunned. It's beautiful!"
The ticket was purchased at the Nambucca Heads Newsagency in Bowra St.
There were 77 new millionaires made in 2017. NSW Lotteries
Across Australia the local win was only bettered as the nation's biggest division one windfall in 2017 by a $50-million online ticket win in Powerball.
Breaking down the lottery wins by regions and Southern Sydney proved the top lottery hotspot for frequency of big wins with 24 division ones, which netted a total of $35 million.
The North and Mid North coasts came in eighth on the NSW list with five division one wins netting the winners a total of $30,414,492.76.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 9:20 pm |
(The Washington Post) - Nazis? Been there, done that. Just ask the Greatest Generation.
The Nazi flags and salutes in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend were a tough sight for anyone who had anything to do with the bloodiest war in human history.
“I signed up to fight Nazis 73 years ago and I'll do it again if I have to,” tweeted World War II veteran and former Michigan Rep. John Dingell.
“Hatred, bigotry, & fascism should have no place in this country,” he wrote.
And thousands of folks retweeted that, and military members liked it, some telling Dingell they'd be right behind him.
The folks behind the World War II Memorial also gave Dingell's message a thumbs-up…
At an assisted living facility in Provo, Utah, the World War II veterans who always sit at a lunch table together couldn't stop talking about the rally-turned-riot Charlottesville.
“Today, all they could talk about was how they wished they could teach those punk Nazis in Virginia” a lesson,” Katie Wilson, who works at the retirement community, recounted…
Even President Donald Trump finally joined in denouncing the neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan by name on Monday.
The last time the red-black-and-white flag was flown of a country, more than 407,000 American lives were lost, nearly half of them in Europe.
So seeing the swastikas, the t-shirts with Adoph Hitler, the torches in Charlottesville — that's in a realm beyond civil political discourse and disagreement.
Have any of those men — mostly in their 20s and 30s — been to a World War II memorial? Have any of them visited one of the thousands of small graveyards in rural communities across America that memorialize an entire generation of young men lost to that war?
Couldn't have.
The casual, weekend fascism practiced by newbie Nazis carrying Tiki torches and raising their arms in “Heil Trump” salutes is an egregious slap in the face to those American veterans, as well as about 60 million others who lost their lives in World War II.
And there was bipartisan agreement on that.
Besides the [message] that Democrat Dingell posted, Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) remembered the toll that fighting Nazis took on his family.
“We should call evil by its name,” Hatch tweeted. My brother didn't give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home.”
Navy veteran Adam Weinstein posted a fantastic collection of American veterans and the Nazi flags they captured in war…. With photos of destruction and battle debris around them, these veterans showed the “proper way to display a Nazi flag.” One was on fire.
“Nazis in America are holding torch rallies, killing protesters and hanging out with other losers of U.S. wars this week, begging the question: What is the appropriate way for a patriotic American to display the unmistakable, swastika-bearing flag of Adolf Hitler's Third Reich?” he asked.
The neo-Nazis are treading on wounds that still run deep in our country.
Dingell is rare in his generation as a social media warrior. Though the Greatest Generation may not be voicing its disgust with the new Nazis online, their kids and grandkids sure are.
A film clip created by the U.S. War Department in 1943… shows an angry man on a soap box holding court to an audience of fedora-wearing chaps as a way of warning against hatred and xenophobia.
“I see negroes holding jobs that belong to me and you. Now I ask you, if we allow this thing to go on, what's going to happen to us real Americans?” In that 1940s, Jimmy Stewart cadence, he goes on to name immigrants, blacks, Catholics and even Free Masons for America's woes.
But then it cuts to an older, wiser man with an accent. “I've heard this kind of talk before, but I never expected to hear it in America,” the immigrant says.
“I have seen what this kind of talk can do,” he says. “I saw it in Berlin.”
Here's the scary part. Today, this video would quickly be slammed as liberal political propaganda.
The world has been here before, people. Ask the veterans who put their lives on the line defending us from this evil.
The U.S. will not relent until it achieves its objective of ensuring the Korean Peninsula is free of nuclear weapons, Vice President Mike Pence said Tuesday while visiting Japan.
After meetings with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and other leaders, Pence told reporters that President Donald Trump was confident that economic and diplomatic pressure has a chance of compelling North Korea to cooperate.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence (left) and Japanese Deputy Prime Minister and Finance Minister Taro Aso shake hands as they end the joint press conference at the prime minister's office in Tokyo, Tuesday. (AP)
“It is our belief by bringing together the family of nations with diplomatic and economic pressure we have a chance of achieving a freeze on the Korean Peninsula,'' Pence said.“We will not rest and will not relent until we obtain the objective of a denuclearized Korean Peninsula,'' he said.The Trump administration has signaled a more forceful U.S. stance toward North Korea's recent missile tests and threats, including a warning from Trump that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has “gotta behave.”So Pence struck a stern tone after arriving at a U.S. naval base from South Korea.“We appreciate the challenging times in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocations from across the Sea of Japan,'' he said. "We are with you 100 percent.”On Monday, Pence traveled to the tense Demilitarized Zone dividing North and South Korea, where he warned North Korea's leaders that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, "the era of strategic patience is over.''A senior North Korean official then accused the United States of bringing the countries to the brink of thermonuclear war.Pence, on a 10-day Asia trip that will also take him to Indonesia and Australia, said Trump hopes China will use its leverage to get its longtime ally North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons program and ballistic missiles.In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi made a fresh appeal for calm.Wang told reporters that although U.S. officials have made clear that a military strike remains a possibility, he believes that Washington would still prefer to de-escalate tensions through multi-sided talks.Abe said Japan likewise hopes for peaceful dialogue with Pyongyang, ”but at the same time, dialogue for the sake of dialogue is valueless.” Pressure on North Korea is crucial, the prime minister said.After meeting with Abe, Pence held talks with Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso on a new U.S.-Japan “economic dialogue” to be led by the two.The new forum for trade talks was launched by Trump and Abe during the Japanese leader's visit to the U.S. in February. In part, it is meant to take the place of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the regional trade pact that Trump withdrew from shortly after taking office.Pence and Aso said they believed the dialogue could yield opportunities to create new jobs on both sides and to fortify the economic aspects of the alliance.“We would like to seek the best shape and forum for our bilateral relationship,'' Pence said. "The TPP is a thing of the past for the United States of America.''He said Trump is certain that negotiating trade deals with individual countries was the best way to ensure they yield "win-win'' situations for both sides.The talks Tuesday did not delve into sector-by-sector issues such as auto exports. With no U.S. trade representative yet in office and other key positions still unfilled, such nitty-gritty discussions will have to come later.The loss of U.S. participation in the Trans-Pacific Partnership was a blow to Japan following strenuous negotiations, especially over opening its long-protected farm sector to more imports, especially of dairy and meat products.For now, both sides seem eager to downplay potential for conflict, with Aso repeatedly saying that trade friction has been vanquished in a "new era of cooperation.''As Indiana governor, Pence saw firsthand the impact of Japanese automakers Toyota, Honda and Subaru, whose factories employ thousands of people in his home state.U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who met with Japan's trade minister, Hiroshige Seko, earlier Tuesday, said he hopes to soon begin talks on a free trade agreement with Japan. (AP)
How Monopoly Man Won The Internet
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Monopoly Man became the Internet crush of the day on Wednesday, after upstaging former Equifax CEO Richard Smith at a Senate hearing on the company's massive data breach.
The board game character, whose name is Rich Uncle Pennybags, was brought to life by Amanda Werner, an arbitration campaign manager for Public Citizen and Americans for Financial Reform, groups that advocate for consumer rights and protections.
Almost immediately, the monocle, mustache, top hat, pillow case-sized bag of (#fake) Benjamins became a social media sensation.
The most unlikely viewers tuned in to the Senate Banking Committee hearing to watch Werner troll Smith, who was facing a roomful of angry senators after a hack that may have exposed the personal information of more than 145 million people.
People loved it.
"It was a very calculated move," said Werner, who prefers the pronouns "they" and "them," adding that it was hilarious to watch the scene become a meme in real time.
Werner mugged and preened for the camera and somehow, in a week dominated by sad and distressing news, gave people what they didn't know they wanted: a delightful reprieve.
Here's how Werner staged the viral protest — without getting kicked thrown out of the Capitol.
An alarm and an intern
Werner has attended a slew of Senate hearings and has even provided pro-consumer rights testimony in some cases. That is how the activist knew that getting on TV is all about location, and staying within the camera's frame.
The problem is that seats in the audience tend to fill up quickly, Werner explained.
"Luckily we have a very dedicated intern here," Werner said. "He showed up at 7 a.m. and held a spot in line for me so that we could get that prime seat." The one directly behind Smith, who was the target of the grilling.
Apparently, the intern was the first person in line.
During the hearing, Werner followed #MonopolyMan's rise to stardom in real time on a phone. Over Twitter Werner was able to figure out the best angles as their head floated in and out of the camera's view — at one point Werner peered over Smith's shoulder using the monocle to inspect the back of the millionaire's head; at another point they knowingly stroked the perfectly shaped mustache glued to their face.
Honed tone
Werner set out to garner as much publicity as possible for the type of advocacy work Public Citizen does on behalf of consumers.
"We wanted to do something to get people's attention," Werner said of the hours-long photobomb, adding that people's eyes tend to glaze over when anyone utters the words "forced arbitration."
Knowing that is the catalyst for coming up with creative protest ideas, Werner explained.
They added that given the somber tone of news coverage around the deadly shooting in Las Vegas this week, the goal was to inject a little humor into public discourse.
"I think this week has been a particularly rough week on the American psyche so I think people needed a little bit of levity," Werner said.
It certainly inspired tens of thousands of happy face crying emoji's on Twitter and on Facebook.
The decision to go the funny-route is in stark contrast the health care protests on Sept. 25 during a hearing on the most recent Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Demonstrators began chanting, delaying the start of the hearing. Fifteen people were arrested and charged with "Disruption of Congress," according to U.S. Capitol Police. Dozens, staging die-ins in the hallway, were arrested and charged with "crowding, obstructing or incommoding."
"There are a lot of different methods of protest and they all work for different instances," Werner said. "You have to decide which is the best for your particular situation."
Ultimately, Werner argued, a good protest leads to action. The notoriety is great to call attention to the cause, they said. But Werner added, "I hope that the effort [Wednesday] will make people not only laugh at the Monopoly Man and retweet these funny pictures but also to call their senators and tell them to vote no on SJ Res 47."
The bill would overturn a new rule intended to ban financial service providers, including banks and credit card companies, from using mandatory arbitration clauses to resolve their disputes and avoid class action lawsuits.
Fashion statement, not statement statement
There are certain lines that members of the audience at committee hearings cannot cross. They do not appear to be listed on the Capitol Police website, but here are a few guidelines that Werner has collected.
Wearing a costume? That's allowed.
Werner was a little concerned that the Capitol Police would not allow the top hat, but they didn't give it a second look.
In fact, Werner recalls hearing a story about another demonstrator who dressed as Abraham Lincoln, complete with the beard and requisite foot-long stove pipe hat, and legend has it he was also allowed to wear throughout the proceedings.
Holding up a sign? That is against the rules and can get people thrown out.
Werner knew that going in, but that didn't stop them from briefly holding up a yellow "Get out of jail free" card that appeared on screen a few times. "I didn't hold it up long," Werner confessed.
"I was a little afraid that as I was wiping my forehead with the $100 bill or doing other things that were calling a lot of attention to myself, that I might get warned," they said.
But the only warning Werner received was for holding a giant bag of money on their lap, which they immediately set on the floor.
Another word-of-mouth tip Werner has received: Writing messages on one's clothing is permitted.
Idle Pharmaceutical Factories In Puerto Rico Raise Concerns Of Drug Shortages NPR's Robert Siegel talks with reporter Katie Thomas of The New York Times about how Hurricane Maria may cause shortages of essential drugs due to idled factories.
“The first time, he grabbed me by the hand, but I didn't pay too much attention to it. He then grabbed my hand repeatedly and later touched my thighs. I tried to avoid him and dodged his repeated attempts to grope me. Later, he started sending me pornographic pictures on WhatsApp … I told the company's director and reported the matter to the police … in my complaint I informed them that he had groped me. Whenever he molested me, I was too scared to shout at him, or scold him at the workplace. I again reported him to the director once he forwarded me images and video of sexual nature,” the Filipina told prosecutors.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 9:38 am |
President Barack Obama departs Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam upon the conclusion of his vacation on Oahu in Hawaii, Sunday. (Reuters/Kevin Lamarque)
HONOLULU (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will deliver a farewell address on Jan. 10 to reflect on his time in office and say thank you to his supporters, he said in an e-mail statement released on Monday.
Obama, noting that the first president of the United States, George Washington, had penned a farewell address in 1796, said he would deliver his speech in his hometown of Chicago.
“I'm thinking about [the remarks] as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” he said.
Donald Trump will be sworn into office on Jan. 20. During his campaign for the White House, Trump pledged to undo many of Obama's signature policy measures, including his health-care law.
Obama, who campaigned hard for Trump's Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton, has sought to ensure a smooth transition of power despite major policy differences with his successor. He also leaves his party without a clear figurehead as he leaves the White House.
“Since 2009, we've faced our fair share of challenges, and come through them stronger,”Obama said in the e-mail, likely foreshadowing a theme for his speech.
“That's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding – our conviction that, together, we can change this country for the better.”
Lady Gaga convinced Bradley Cooper to sing live for “A Star Is Born.”
The pop star told the actor that a pet peeve of hers was watching actors lip-synch to pre-recorded music in movies.
“‘What I can't stand in movies is when it's playback,'” Cooper said Gaga told him, before debuting a new trailer for the film at CinemaCon.
The film is an oft-told tale that has been made and remade several times over the years — with the likes of Barbra Streisand, Judy Garland, Kris Kristofferson, and James Mason essaying the lead roles. Like Streisand's 1976 version, this “A Star Is Born” is set in the world of music. It marks Cooper's directorial debut, and the Oscar-nominated actor said he spent three years working on the Warner Bros. production.
It's not just Gaga hitting the high notes on screen. Cooper made a deal with Gaga. She would teach him to sing, and he would help the pop star get comfortable emoting on camera. To add to the authenticity, Cooper and Gaga performed at Coachella and at Glastonbury, where they shared the same stage as Kristofferson.
In the film, Cooper plays an alcoholic country and western singer, while Gaga is an aspiring musician who is insecure about her looks and her songwriting abilities. The trailer bills her as Lady Gaga, not as Stefani Germanotta. Initial publicity materials for the film listed Gaga by her given name.
Warner Bros. has moved back “A Star Is Born” nearly five months from May 18 to Oct. 5 because it believes the drama could factor into awards-season consideration.
Cooper came on as director following his work with Clint Eastwood on “American Sniper.” Eastwood attempted to get the film made for years with Cooper in the role of the fading movie star and Beyonce as his co-star. Eastwood eventually left the project, but not before suggesting to Cooper that he try directing.
In addition to “A Star Is Born,” Warner Bros. highlighted “Mowgli,” a new version of “Jungle Book,” “Ocean's 8,” and “Crazy Rich Asians.”
RELATED CONTENT
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A nine-month-old baby and a teenage relative have been shot in Dublin.
Gardai said they are investigating the shooting in the Blanchardstown area in the west of the city.
It is understood that the baby and 17-year-old were injured when a shotgun was discharged.
The victim's injuries are not thought to be life-threatening, gardai said.
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/news .
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @DailyMirror - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - real news in real time.
We're also on Facebook/dailymirror - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Canada's Imperial Oil Ltd on Friday reported a quarterly loss, compared with a profit last year, when it realized a nearly C$1 billion gain from the sale of its service stations.
The oil producer and refiner's net loss was C$137 million ($111 million), or 16 Canadian cents per share, in the fourth quarter, compared with a profit of C$1.44 billion, or C$1.70, a year earlier.
Imperial Oil, majority owned by Exxon Mobil Corp, said production remained unchanged at 399,000 gross oil-equivalent barrels per day. ($1 = C$1.23) (Reporting by Nishara Karuvalli Pathikkal; Editing by Maju Samuel)
Recently, DazzleJazz announced that it would relocate to the historic Baur's Building, thus becoming Dazzle at Baur's. The transition has already started taking place and Denver is curious about what's to come for the local staple. On May 23, the doors to Dazzle's Lincoln Street location will close. But before that happens, let's take a look at what to expect.
The Hunt for the New Location Took Two and Half Years
It's very clear that DazzleJazz loved its Lincoln Street location and the management that ran it. However, a variety of problems including occasional flooding from plumbing issues led to reconsideration. After two and half years, owner Donald Rossa solidified plans to move to the historic Baur's Building. The venue is on the National Register of Historic Places and has been home to live music for only a few years now — a tradition it hopes to continue.
Dazzle Will Bring Back the Baur's Ice Cream Soda
Baur's Building is rumored for inventing the ice cream soda (though Philadelphia took the credit). The building was originally a confectionary in 1872 owned by Otto Baur. Baur is remembered for his charity, including Free Ice Cream Day where O.P. Baur's Confectionary scooped up that touch of positivity during the hard times of the Great Depression. DazzleJazz wants to continue the building's legacy with ice cream soda's on its menu.
There Will Be Three Stages
If one thing is for sure, DazzleJazz will utilize the venue's acoustics as much as possible. The main stage will move closer to the entrance of the venue and will seat 200 people. In addition, Dazzle will keep the stage that's currently built into Baur's Restaurant and Listening Lounge, and offer up the private room as an acoustic performance area. Colin Bricker of Mighty Fine Productions is remodeling each room with “professional acoustical treatment.”
Dazzle Will Work with the Music Appreciation Society
The Music Appreciation Society provides intimate, family-friendly and educational music experiences having hosted over 80 performances in the Denver area. Baur's Restaurant and Listening Lounge has maintained a partnership with Music Appreciation Society (MAS) since its founding in 2015. DazzleJazz doesn't plan on changing that relationship, having already hosted three MAS pop-ups in April with one more to come on April 20. Dazzle's Artistic Director Michael Schreier said, “It is with great fanfare that we announce two of Denver's great music institutions coming together in collaboration to curate musical performances by touring and Colorado-based artists.”
Dazzle is Working to Become an “Art Haven”
Though Dazzle has been a Denver jazz staple for many years, it's looking to branch out to become more inclusive with the music and art featured at the venue. Schreier noted that they'll host more folk and blues performances. Alvina Vasquez, Dazzle's PR and marketing representative, emphasized that the concept will have a broader focus on community. Vasquez said, “It's [DazzleJazz] a place where people belong, where people feel free because that's what music is — freedom.” Rossa mentioned future partnerships with DCPA and Auraria campus in order to connect students and like-minded art-lovers with Dazzle at Baur's.
They're Hoping to Activate the Alleyway and Basement
The City of Denver has encouraged business owners to open their alleyways and turn them into something a bit more viable. DazzleJazz hopes to work with the city to give a use to the alleyway next to its new LoDo location. Rossa is currently working with the curator of the Denver Chalk Art Festival on a potential art space collaboration. When asked about plans for the basement, which runs the full length of the building, he made it seem the possibilities were truly endless. A few that Rossa mentioned include an underground blues bar, an artist space or maybe even an edible cafe.
Dazzle May Have a Record Store, Coffee Shop and Baked Goods
You heard that right — a record store inside Dazzle at Baur's. Though still in the early stages of planning, Rossa is hoping to host Thomas Burns' Capri Records for a pop-up style setup in the mornings and afternoons. However, it's not official yet. But imagine — a place where students from the Auraria campus or music lovers in LoDo can swing by, grab a cup of coffee, listen to some music and browse a killer vinyl collection. Well, that could be Dazzle at Baur's in the near future. Rossa claims that Burns' collection is one of the largest in the United States. Going along with the record store idea, it would like to start serving Novo Coffee in the morning as well as pastries and more.
There Will Be a Full Kitchen
The story of Dazzle at Baur's food menu is one of a 20-year partnership finally coming full circle. Chef Mario Godoy is a Mexican immigrant who moved to America three decades ago. Most recently Godoy was the head chef of Cherry Creek's Piatti but Rossa and Godoy, who have known one another for quite some time, will now be working together in one locale. Godoy studied culinary arts in Italy, influencing him to combine two cuisines — Italian and Mexican — into one delicious infusion. The menu will feature items such as pork and ricotta meatballs, halibut ceviche, filet mignon in chimichurri sauce and a spinach salad with jicama and mango.
The Hours of Operation are Still Being Worked Out
DazzleJazz is gradually taking over Baur's Restaurant and Lounge, but the official opening date is June 1. It'll be kicking things off with two back-to-back nights of Otis Taylor. Currently, weekends are booked for the month of June with nothing scheduled during the week. When asked about the hours of operations, Rossa said it's still working it out but made it clear that it wants to be respectful of the upstairs neighbors in the Baur's Building. “But we know right after five-o-clock we can hit it hard,” he reassured us. Check out its full schedule here and be on the lookout for soft openings throughout May.
Baur's is located at 1512 Curtis Street, Denver, Colorado.
Jury Begins Deliberations In Taylor Swift Groping Trial A jury hears closing arguments and may render a verdict on countersuits between Taylor Swift and a Denver disc jockey who allegedly groped her at a publicity event. A judge threw out the disc jockey's claim that Swift unfairly had him fired, but the case continues against her mother and others on her team.
April showers bring May flowers, but in Netflix's case it'll bring the return of Mamma Mia! to the streaming platform. What's coming to Netflix in May 2018 includes the ABBA musical, which is celebrating its 10th anniversary this July. It fits the theme of this month's additions, which include movies and TV shows that are female-friendly. Yes, May is also bringing a healthy dose of girl power to your Netflix queue.
Scroll through the list and you'll notice quite a few female-led Netflix originals are premiering this month, including the second season of Dear White People starring Logan Browning, a new Ali Wong stand-up special, and the premiere of Michelle Wolf's new weekly talk show. Not to mention, legendary comedian Carol Burnett is also returning to TV with A Little Help from some cute little kids and some very well-known celebrities. If that wasn't enough Kimmy Schmidt is also back with the first half of Season 4 to keep you laughing all month long.
So, for those who prefer streaming to flowers, this May will give you lots of reasons to celebrate inside in front of the TV. Not to mention, reasons to support your favorite female stars in nearly every genre.
Christopher Plummer Nominated For Golden Globe After Replacing Kevin Spacey The 75th Golden Globe nominations were announced on Monday. Among the nominees is actor Christopher Plummer, for his role replacing Kevin Spacey in All the Money in the World, after Spacey faced allegations of sexual misconduct.
Christopher Plummer Nominated For Golden Globe After Replacing Kevin Spacey Arts & Life Christopher Plummer Nominated For Golden Globe After Replacing Kevin Spacey Christopher Plummer Nominated For Golden Globe After Replacing Kevin Spacey Audio will be available later today. The 75th Golden Globe nominations were announced on Monday. Among the nominees is actor Christopher Plummer, for his role replacing Kevin Spacey in All the Money in the World, after Spacey faced allegations of sexual misconduct. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Assets of Azerbaijan's state oil fund reach $33.2B (PHOTO)
2017-04-18 14:41 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, Apr. 18
By Maksim Tsurkov – Trend:
As of April 1, 2017, assets of the State Oil Fund of Azerbaijan (SOFAZ) increased by 0.18 percent and amounted to $33.207 billion, as compared to early 2017 ($33.147 billion), SOFAZ Executive Director Shahmar Movsumov said at a press conference in Baku Apr. 18.
“The increase was mainly due to a sizeable positive effect of changes in exchange rates of investment portfolio currencies (mainly Euro, Russian ruble and British pound), as well as the impact of asset appreciation (specifically, equity and gold portfolios),” said Movsumov.
Budget revenues of SOFAZ reached 3.273 billion manats, while budget expenditures constituted 3.848 billion manats in January-March 2017. SOFAZ's revenues of 2,899.1 million manats were received from implementation of oil and gas agreements, including 2.894 billion manats from the sale of profit oil and gas, 0.1 million manats as bonus payments and 4.6 million manats as transit payments.
The revenues from managing assets of the Fund amounted to 373.4 million manats, while the extra-budgetary expenditures related to the revaluation of foreign exchange totaled 873.9 million manats in January-March 2017.
As per 2017 budget of SOFAZ, 1.525 billion manats were transferred to the state budget. Expenditures in the amount of 27.8 million manats were directed to finance the improvement of social-economic condition of refugees and internally displaced persons, 8.5 million manats were used for the reconstruction of the Samur-Absheron irrigation system. Meanwhile, 1.3 million manats were used to finance the Baku-Tbilisi-Kars (BTK) railway construction and two million manats were directed to finance “The State Program on the Education of Azerbaijani youth abroad in the years of 2007-2015”.
Moreover, 2.279 billion manats were transferred to Central Bank of Azerbaijan (CBA) in order to ensure the country's macroeconomic stability. SOFAZ's administrative and operational expenses totaled 3.9 million manats in January-March 2017.
Windsor 1 Thatcham Town 3
THATCHAM stretched their run to 10 games without defeat as they continue to give chase to flyaway Hellenic League leaders Highworth Town.
They eventually pulled away from mid-table Windsor after taking the lead through Liam Ferdinand and re-established it after veteran Barry Hayles had quickly put Windsor back on terms.
Shane Coooper-Clark capitalised on a bad back-pass to restore Town's lead before the break, and they were handed another advantage when Windsor had Ashley Smith sent off after the restart.
They made sure of the points in the closing stages when Cooper-Clark set up strike partner Ferdinand to score.
Thatcham take a midweek break from league action to entertain Woodley United on Tuesday night in the quarter finals of the Berks and Bucks Senior Cup in the first season back in the competition.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CINEWORLD GROUP PLC:
* ‍ANSCHUTZ CORP, The LARGEST SHAREHOLDER OF REGAL ENTERTAINMENT DELIVERED ITS WRITTEN CONSENT TO APPROVE ACQUISITION OF REGAL BY CO​
* ‍ALL COMPANY AND REGAL SHAREHOLDER APPROVALS NECESSARY TO PROCEED WITH TRANSACTION HAVE NOW BEEN RECEIVED​
* ‍COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION IS CURRENTLY EXPECTED TO OCCUR ON OR PRIOR TO 2 MARCH 2018​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MELVILLE, N.Y. (AP) -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 7:21 pm |
A small vintage airplane that was part of a GEICO stunt team crashed in a wooded residential area on Long Island, killing its pilot, Suffolk County police said Wednesday.
The pilot of the World War II-era GEICO Skytypers plane was pronounced dead at the scene shortly after the plane crashed and burned on a street lined on one side with houses.
“It was fortunate that the plane crashed in the wooded area and not the residential part,” Suffolk Police Chief of Department Stuart Cameron told Newsday.
The pilot was the sole occupant on the plane, and no one on the ground was injured, according to police. The Federal Aviation Administration said the crash involved an SNJ-2 aircraft.
A spokeswoman for Skytypers identified the pilot as Ken Johansen, a U.S. Naval Academy graduate, naval aviator and professional airline pilot. He was a husband and father of two children. The plane had departed nearby Republic Airport before crashing.
“A careful and thorough investigation is already under way,” Skytypers said in statement. “We are working with local law enforcement, the Federal Aviation Administration, and the National Transportation Safety Board. Our thoughts are with Ken and his family.”
Johansen first flew with the Skytypers at the age of 8, according to his bio posted on the stunt team's website. It said he “caught the aviation bug early in his life” from his Skytyping instructor pilot father.
The Skytypers performed at last weekend's Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach.
College student Lauren Peller, 19, was in her home with her mother when the plane went down across the street next to woods.
“We heard a loud noise, almost like a tree fell on the house, and we ran down the stairs and there was smoke and the plane was on fire,” said Peller, adding that her mother then called 911.
“It's extremely lucky that nothing was hit,” said Melville First Assistant Fire Chief David Kaplan. “Houses were approximately 200 feet away.”
Everyone hates the middle episodes of a Game of Thrones season where the metaphorical pieces are moving around the metaphorical chess board. No one would have ever complained if those were all speed cheese episodes like this one.
Jaime and Bronn – What a surprise that they safely washed ashore far away from the dragon and the Dothraki. For a party-happy sellsword, Bronn is a hell of a swimmer to be able to maneuver Jaime all that way in that heavy armor. I mean, that's at least a few hundred meters.
Dany – Harsh but fair! Bend the knee or get burned alive.
Dickon – Nobody liked Sam's dad, but Dickon made a big impression in a small amount of screen time.
Dragons – Three of them. Most people have only seen one, but there are two more. That's three total dragons. Three.
Cersei – Not thrilled with the results of the first few days of the war. Maybe Jaime should have led with the giant-ass crossbow stats? Thing landed like 1 of 2 and the dragon was both hurt and annoyed. Then he roasted one of her most powerful banner men.
Jon Snow – Good doggy.
Ser Jorah – So glad he's back again. And then left. Hopefully, he'll be back again. So he can be sent away. It's a complicated relationship.
Army of Darkness – Still walking. Somebody sends a raven to tell everyone that they're still walking.
Maester Board – So much skepticism about everything even though they apparently have all the knowledge ever right there in their books and scrolls.
Davos – Are we being set up to learn that he's the ultimate fighter next season or something? He's not a fighter and there are three dragons. He does have a silver tongue though. And lived to a ripe old age.
Winterfell – Littlefinger driving a wedge between the Stark ladies. Not that they need help. They can do that themselves.
Jaime and Tyrion – Another reunion. Pretty good. And it's all going to work out for everyone! What a heartwarming storyline.
Gendry – Gendry back!? And he looks like he's been in the gym 24/7. And making badass war hammers.
Cersei's Baby – Wonder which Stark will get revenge for King Robb.
Gendry and Jon – Another fun meeting. Just like their fathers. Or who they think is their fathers.
Gilly – That's a very expansive book she's reading which has counts on steps and windows and annulments within a few pages. Oh, and now we know that Jon Snow was born to a married couple which makes him a full blood which is important I guess.
Tormund – “The big woman?” Please come back from this mission.
Snowicide Squad – SuicICE Squad? Jon Snow has never been part of a superteam.
This is a heck of a plan. Take all the main characters north of the wall to try and capture one zombie so they can bring it back to the south again to show the lady who wants to kill them all anyway. It's just crazy enough to work. I just worry that this is going to turn out like the time MacGruber got the team together.
Still the scene where people kept stepping forward to say “Hey, I know you,” was neat. What a small world!
Watching all these guys get (re-)acquainted makes for a heck of a set-up to next episode. The penultimate episode of the shortened season. There are only 8 episodes of Game of Thrones left. That's it. Two more this month then 6 sometime in 2018. Winter is here. It's kind of depressing.
Feb 2(Reuters) - The FIMMDA-Thomson Reuters-MIOCS (MIFOR Swaps) for three years was 6.92 percent on Friday TENOR BID/OFFER 2 YEARS 6.64/6.75 3 YEARS 6.77/6.92 4 YEARS 6.94/7.09 5 YEARS 7.05/7.19 7 YEARS 7.05/7.33 10 YEARS 7.05/7.33 The above dollar rupee swap rates are a simple average of the bid and offer rates quoted by panel list of market participants. The floating benchmark used here is the six month USD libor. For participants' names and quotes, please double-click on or type CRS01 and then press the enter key. For Benchmark levels double-click on or type MIOCS= and then press the enter key. FIMMDA is the Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association of India. (Mumbai RRU, +91 22 6180 7222/3317 7222, rru.data@thomsonreuters.com)
Sagafilm, the thriving Icelandic company behind “Stella Blomkvist” (pictured), is developing “The Minister,” a political tragicomedy series about a politician with bipolar disorder who gets elected prime minister of Iceland.
Commissioned by Iceland's RUV, the series is being created and written by three up-and-coming screenwriters, Bjorg Magnusdottir, Birkir Blær Ingólfsson and Jonas Margeirsson. “The Minister” follows a young woman, Hrefna, who is hired as the aide to the newly elected Prime Minister Benedikt Rikhardsson and quickly discovers that the Prime Minister is in fact struggling with bipolar disorder.
In order to keep her job, Hrefna must conceal the prime minister's illness from the public. When Benedikt stops taking his medication because they sap his strength, his mania kicks in and he starts taking erratic decisions and committing serious offences like firing the director of the National Theater live on TV, pardonning a prisoner on a whim and declaring a member of his administration to be a persona non grata.
“‘The Minister' echoes what's happening today in many countries where people were so desperate to get rid of ‘old politicians' that they elected folks they knew very little about and now they're stuck with them,” said Kjartan Thor Thordarson, CEO of Sagafilm Nordic.
Related Charades Boards Kirill Serebrennikov's Rock-Filled Drama 'Leto' (EXCLUSIVE) Dramacorp-Pampas, CMore/TV4, Beta Team on 'Hamilton' Series with Jakob Oftebro (EXCLUSIVE)
Thordarson pointed out the political environment in Iceland has been particularly volatile in recent years. “We've had three governments overthrown in the last three years in Iceland,” said the producer, who added that casting for the show is underway.
Although the series will be infused with tragicomedy, Thordarson said it will be more of a drama. “The collateral damage of the Prime Minister's bipolar disorder are getting gradually worst,” said Thordarson.
Sagafilm's development slate include “The Flatey Enigma,” a mystery thriller series based on Viktor Arnar Ingolfsson's novels. The series, which will be directed by Björn B Björnsson (“Cold Trail”), is being represented in international markets by Sky Vision.
Sagafilm's recent production “Stella Blomkvist” was nominated for Best Nordic TV Drama at Göteborg Film Festival. The company's past credits include “The Press” and “Black Angels.”
Muhammad Usman
IN the backdrop of a series of deadly terrorist attacks in Afghanistan, Trump has reiterated as arrogantly as before in new South Asia policy about peace talks with Taliban; no talks with Taliban until we finish what have to finish. This time, his tone was even sharper. Earlier he had proclaimed no talks until a major military effort is successful against Taliban. The words or gestures do not win wars. It is blood and treasure aplenty which secure victory. Probably earlier US was aversive to only “blood”. Under Trump it is both. The manpower and resources authorized by him in a land, known as graveyard of empires, is its perfect illustration. The ground realities in Afghanistan are stark and defy utterly what US ostensibly aims at; awesome military gains to force Taliban to enter peace talks without preconditions. In recent history, it is something identical to what Russia would still be cursing and ruling out in same breath.
In a country, war against militancy, insurgency and terrorism is fundamentally fought by its government, armed forces and people together, equipped with home grown narrative and adequate resources. In Afghanistan, all is topsy-turvy. It has a government which has no will and wall of its own. It follows tamely whatever the diktat of its foreign masters. Now it also hastens to look for peace on battlefield. President Ashraf Ghani is an in charge of government in which he has a little influence. It could collapse instantly if US withdraws its backing. A recent BBC study has found that 70% area of Afghanistan is not under its control. It is either under control of Taliban or being openly contested by them. Half of Afghan population lives there. Even in 30% area which government controls, Taliban also collect taxes. It is a government by its semblance only because it sits in capital Kabul however, now it is also being challenged unrelentingly by deadly attacks even in heart of the city and red zone. The loss of lives anywhere in a country is equally condemnable however, in a capital, it ought to have a peculiar resonance which carry far reaching domestic and international impacts. It makes a government appear weak far more than actually correspondingly to its effects.
The Armed Forces of Afghanistan are in a disarray. Their leadership is corrupt and inept. They steal and sell to Taliban. In words of John Sopko, US Special Inspector General for Afghanistan “terrorists are at the end of our supply chain”. Besides, there are other resource constrains which cause Afghan Armed Forces not to have what they require to have to fight and win. Their exact strength is unknown because a large number of ghost soldiers have also made way to payroll. A disconnect exists between soldiers and commanders because of caste based system and political patronage. In some instances, commanders did not show empathy even to dying soldiers. It is alarming. The problems arising out of corruption, poor training/retraining, poor morale and ability of Taliban to infiltrate at will in their rank and file, look to be unassailable for cosmetically raised Afghan Forces by US and its NATO allies. With major departure of foreign forces, they have fallen more deep in shambles. In face of mounting Taliban/IS pressure, their collapse is no unrealistic possibility.
Afghan people have grown wary of continued conflict, violence and collateral damage to the limit since about four decades. Majority of them attribute foreign interference to their unremitting woes. Not in countryside only but also in urban areas, anti US sentiments are never on halt. They consider US an occupier or enemy. Besides, Afghan people live in a society of divided loyalties because of their ethnic and kinship background. Tribal taboos and chieftain take precedence because Afghan people have seldom seen a central authority. Given condition, formulation and propagation of a national narrative is a probable impossibility.
US intends to do a few tasks only; intelligence, air strikes, selected special operations and self-protection. It is apparently clear from their pronouncements and troops level in Afghanistan that they have planned to leave actual fighting to Afghan forces and Pakistan. Afghan forces are incapable and Pakistan is not inclined. The extent of area controlled by Taliban has already been highlighted. Their influence and reach is on increase. They are regularly mounting attacks. It includes organized group strikes on military bases, sporadic single attack and ambushes against military convoys/raids on police checkpoints. They have no serious issue of manpower or reinforcements and finances. Afghan soil is known for nurseries of fighters. The extortion and increased drugs trade mainly constitute their financial lifeline. A major chunk of Afghan people consider them on right cause.
An alleged creation of US ie IS as a counterweight to Taliban, has also gained a foothold in Afghanistan. Its activities are also getting menacing. These have also alarmed China, Russia and Iran. As a result, these countries are now more receptive to Taliban. Pakistan has been alienated by US with ever unending demand of DO MORE. India is a self-seeker only. A foreign policy is generally considered a first line of defence. In case of Afghanistan, it has not grown from within rather, has been imposed from without. Eventually it has become a weak link of Afghan government. Under these circumstances, no blockbuster awaits for Trump rather, a historical fact may rewind itself; Afghanistan is a graveyard of foreign occupation forces.
— The writer, retired Lt Col, is freelance columnist based in Islamabad.
Mehwish Qamas
Islamabad
We all say we love Pakistan, we all say we can do anything for Pakistan and we all are ready to die for Pakistan. We are a nation that is always willing to do big things but unwilling to do small things. Great nations are judged by things they do, not by what they say. If we want to be called a great nation, first we will have to put our words into practice.
We love Pakistan a lot but we don't keep it clean, we love Pakistan but we don't know anything about it, we want good traffic system but we don't follow traffic rules, we want everyone to behave nicely with us but we ourselves don't behave nicely with others, we don't tire preaching respect for women but we don't respect them, instead abuse them, we hate corruption but we ourselves do corruption. There are many more issues in Pakistan. But for me the most important thing which I wish(pipe-) to highlight is sexual harassment.
We live in a complex society. We claim to be an Islamic State but don't obey Quranic rules. Our women are a commodity to be regularly tortured, raped and harassed. We view on TV Channels that little girls and teenagers are being raped on a daily basis.
We have to take step against this atrocity and stand with the victims and motivate them not to keep quiet and fight for their rights. Criminals should be punished badly so that no one even think about any kind of sexual harassment as it not only destroys life of an individual but also damages the family as well as the mankind.
The Virginia State Police says it's reviewing claims made by new Washington Redskins receiver Paul Richardson Jr., who tweeted that he was asked whether he was in a gang and was told he was a drug dealer when pulled over by a trooper Tuesday afternoon.
Richardson, the former Seahawks wideout who signed with the Redskins last month, tweeted that he got pulled over in a toll lane, leading to the questions from the trooper.
@prichiejr/Twitter
"Before asking my name he asked me if I was in a gang, then minutes later told me he thought I was a dealer (drugs)," Richardson posted. "What a welcome to the east coast. Finished up with asking me how much car cost me.
"I've had this car 2 weeks and this amazing officer gave me a ticket for only having temporary registration. Mind you I have up to 2 months in Va before needing to register it AGAIN in Virginia."
Richardson's tweets have since been deleted.
A spokeswoman for Virginia State Police confirmed that Richardson, who was driving a Mercedes SUV, was stopped in Loudoun County "because the vehicle did not have license plates displayed as required by Virginia law" and that he was cited "for failing to have the vehicle properly registered."
Spokeswoman Corinne Geller said state police were notified of Richardson's tweets later Tuesday and are looking into what happened.
"While no formal complaint has been filed, the Department is reviewing the matter, to include the trooper's in-car camera footage of the traffic stop, to determine if the traffic stop was handled in accordance with state police policy," Geller said.
Richardson signed a five-year deal worth up to $40 million at the beginning of free agency last month.
Wrestler set on fire as stunt goes wrong
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Neymar has joined forces with Red Bull to give thousands of budding young footballers the chance of a lifetime.
The Barcelona striker is bringing back his unique five-a-side football tournament, 'Neymar Jr's Five', to search out talent across the globe.
Last year more than 10,000 teams across 47 countries turned out for the challenge.
They each battled their way through regional and national tournaments, before travelling to Brazil to represent their country in the final to be named the world's top five-a-side squad.
(Photo: AAFP/Getty)
This year Neymar and Red Bull are inviting players aged 16 to 25 to compete in the tournament, and are hosting 13 UK qualifying events in cities such as Birmingham, Manchester and London.
The qualifying team from each of these events will then head to Newcastle on April 22 to compete in the UK national final.
And the the winners will secure an all-expenses paid trip to Instituto Projeto Neymar Jr, in Praia Grande, Brazil in the hope of making history.
(Photo: Mark Roe 2014)
But it won't be plain sailing - the competition is tough and boasts an array unique challenges.
For example, teams will lose a player every time they concede a goal, meaning a strong defence is key as well as high goal-scoring attributes.
The competition is inspired by the street football Neymar himself grew up playing and the forward cannot wait to see the new season get started.
(Photo: Mark Roe 2015)
"I always played with my friends, using small goals," he said. "The tournament reminds me of my childhood and I am very proud of it.
"To win the five-a-side games and outplay them all, you need strategy and a good understanding of what the best moment is to attack and defend.
"A good defence is very important as well and can bring your team very far in the tournament."
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Monday voted to advance legislation to make it easier to penalise operators of websites that facilitate online sex trafficking, setting up final passage of a bill this week that would chip away at a bedrock legal shield for the technology industry.
The U.S. House of Representatives passed the legislation overwhelmingly last month. It is expected to be sent to and signed by President Donald Trump later this week.
Neo-Nazi hate website the Daily Stormer has been cut off by its domain-name hosting provider after it posted a vile defamation of Heather Heyer, the woman murdered Saturday in Charlottesville, Va., at a white-supremacist rally.
GoDaddy, the service provider that had hosted the domain name for the Daily Stormer since the site was launched four years ago, said in Twitter posts Sunday night that the site violated the terms of service and that its service is being terminated.
“We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service,” GoDaddy said.
The website's post about Heyer carried the headline “Heather Heyer: Woman Killed in Road Rage Incident was a Fat, Childless 32-Year-Old Slut.” The Daily Stormer was one of the organizers of the “Unite the Right” white-nationalist assemblage in Charlottesville.
Heyer died after she was struck by a car driven by white nationalist James Alex Fields Jr., who was arrested Saturday and charged with second-degree murder and other criminal counts. At least 19 other people who were protesting the white nationalist rally were injured by Fields' vehicle after it plowed into the marchers, according to press reports.
The Daily Stormer, which calls itself “The World's Most Genocidal Republican Website,” endorsed Donald Trump's candidacy for president in 2015. The site posted a story titled “Heil Donald Trump – The Ultimate Savior” after Trump proposed a total ban on Muslim immigration.
Following Trump's statement about the violence in Charlottesville in which he said “we condemn… this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence that's on many sides,” the Daily Stormer wrote: “[Trump] refused to answer a question about White Nationalists supporting him. No condemnation at all. When asked to condemn, he just walked out of the room. Really, really good. God bless him.”
Pictured above: A demonstrator holds up a picture of Heather Heyer in L.A. on Sunday, Aug. 13, during a demonstration against racism and in support of the victims of the violence in Charlottesville, Va.
John Hardie will step down as CEO of ITN at the end of the year. ITN is one of the main broadcast news producers in the U.K. and also has a separate production arm that majors in factual and fast-turnaround documentary programming.
Hardie has been at ITN for nine years, returning the business to profitability and spearheading a diversification strategy. The company said it is will start looking for a new CEO soon.
The departing exec said “the time has come for me to start the next chapter of my career and pursue some long-held ambitions.” He added: “It will be my enduring pride to have played my part in shaping ITN into one of the most successful, highly-regarded television production companies in the UK, solidifying its position not only in world-class broadcast news but also in television production, sports, advertising and digital.”
Prior to ITN, Hardie was Disney's EVP for the EMEA region, and before that was commercial director at ITV. He has also been the chair of the Royal Television Society.
ITN Chair Geert Linnebank said Hardie “leaves the company in fantastic shape for the future with a strong blueprint for further expansion both in the U.K. and internationally.”
The company, which counts British broadcaster ITV as its largest shareholder, makes daily news programs for ITV, Channel 4 and Viacom's Channel 5. Its factual shows include “Drug Lords” for Netflix and the recent Channel 4 one-off “Russian Spy Assassins.”
US stocks tumbled Tuesday after the closely-watched 10-year Treasury yield climbed above the 3% level for the first time since 2014.
Selling was also pronounced in the tech sector after Google's quarterly earnings report disappointed investors.
Follow the Dow Jones industrial average.
US stocks tumbled Tuesday after the closely-watched 10-year Treasury yield climbed above the 3% level for the first time since 2014. Selling in mega-cap tech stocks also put pressure on major indexes.
The Dow Jones industrial average slid more than 1.5%, or 374 points, while the benchmark S&P 500 dropped as much as 0.9%. The comparatively tech-heavy Nasdaq 100 saw deeper weakness, falling more than 2% at its intraday low.
Perhaps the biggest overhang on investor sentiment on Tuesday was the 10-year's breach of 3%, which had been pinpointed by market experts as a worrisome threshold. The fear is that higher yields will dampen spending as consumers and companies allocate more to repaying debt. The 10-year is a benchmark for mortgage rates.
Stock investors, in particular, are also keenly aware of where the 10-year is trading, because it helps inform the Federal Reserve's monetary tightening schedule. Any sign that the central bank will raise interest rates faster than expected is viewed as negative for equities since hikes will theoretically lessen the appeal of stocks.
And sure enough, the S&P 500 started falling from its daily highs just one minute after the 10-year broke 3%.
Meanwhile, weakness in many of the large tech stocks that have led the nine-year bull market also weighed on major gauges. At the center of the selling was Google's parent company Alphabet, whose better-than-expected quarterly sales were overshadowed by rising expenses and a looming regulatory clampdown.
Alphabet declined as much as 5.2%. Other major losers in the tech sector include Micron (-4.5%), Facebook (-3.5%), and Adobe Systems (-2.7%).
Check out Business Insider's recent market coverage:
Elsewhere in global equity markets, the Shanghai Composite climbed 2%, while the Stoxx Europe 600 was little changed. In the bond market, the 10-year US Treasury yield rose four basis points, to 2.95%, just below the 3% level it breached earlier in the day.
Here's a rundown of other asset classes:
“Girls” creators Lena Dunham and Jenni Konner are rounding out the cast for their new HBO series.
Janicza Bravo, Arturo Del Puerto, and Brett Gelman have been cast as series regulars in “Camping,” joining previously announced stars Jennifer Garner and David Tennant. Bridget Everett has also been added in a recurring role.
“Camping” was given an eight-episode order by HBO in February. Written by Dunham and Konner — who will executive produce through their company A Casual Romance — “Camping” is based on the U.K. series of the same name created by Julia Davis. It tells the story of Walt's 45th birthday, which was supposed to be a delightful weekend back to nature, at least according to his obsessively organized and aggressively controlling wife Kathryn. But when the camping trip gathers Kathryn's meek sister, holier than thou ex-best friend and a free-spirited tagalong in one place, it becomes a weekend of tested marriages and woman on woman crime that won't soon be forgotten. Davis is also serving as exec producer, along with Christine Langan, and Ilene S. Landress.
Bravo will play Nina-Joy, described as the friend you go to for everything: the best massage, the best jeans, the best oatmeal. She is a lifestyle queen and chicer than all get out. But her tension with Kathryn over a breach of confidence threatens to topple the weekend and put tooth marks in her marriage to the husband she adores almost as much as she likes a nice clog boot. Del Puerto will play Miguel, described as being smack dab in the middle of a midlife crisis, recently separated. He is now expressing his instability through Topshop clothing and very strange life choices. Gelman will play George, described as loyal, goofy and infinitely game. He's as obsessed with his best friend Walt as he is with his wife, Nina-Joy, but just under the surface of this affable boom operator simmers some barely repressed rage that can stop any singalong. Everett will play Harry, described as the tough-talking, nature-loving queen of the campsite, she came out as a lesbian at age 3. Her passion for her wife Nan is only beaten by her passion for all other women and an assortment of guns.
Related Stellan Skarsgard, Emily Watson Cast in HBO, Sky Miniseries ‘Chernobyl' TV News Roundup: See the First Stills From 'Westworld' Season 2
Bravo is represented by UTA; Del Puerto is represented by AKA Talent Agency, Main Title Entertainment and attorneys at Meyer & Downs; Gelman is represented by ICM; Everett is represented by WME
After Hitting Record Low In December, African-American Unemployment Rate Rises
U.S. employers added 200,000 jobs to payrolls in January, a big improvement from December. The Labor Department report, released Friday morning, showed unemployment unchanged at 4.1%. But there was one surprise: African-American unemployment shot up after hitting a record low in December.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
And now to the economy, stocks took a sharp dive on Wall Street today. We'll hear about that in a few minutes. Despite that market drop, there was some good news for workers today. The U.S. economy continued to add jobs at a healthy clip in January and, on top of that, provided the strongest wage gains in years. NPR's John Ydstie has more.
JOHN YDSTIE, BYLINE: Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust, says today's employment report shows the U.S. economy continues to have a lot of energy. After all, businesses added 200,000 jobs to their payrolls in January.
CARL TANNENBAUM: And in addition, we saw the strongest rate of wage increase since 2009.
YDSTIE: Wages rose 2.9 percent over the past year. And Tannenbaum says higher wage growth will support more economic activity.
TANNENBAUM: The increases in income that we're seeing will be a boost to consumption going forward.
YDSTIE: The White House suggested the big corporate tax cut might have contributed to the wage gain, but Tannenbaum says it's probably too early to see the tax cut's effects. Economist Heidi Schierholz says some credit should go to minimum wage hikes in 18 states and 20 cities in January.
HEIDI SCHIERHOLZ: So by our estimates, more than 4.5 million workers at the low end of the labor market got a raise.
YDSTIE: There was one disappointing number in today's report - a sharp rise in the unemployment rate for African-Americans. It rose nearly a full percentage point after reaching a historic low in December. But Schierholz, the former chief economist at the Labor Department, is skeptical.
SCHIERHOLZ: I don't actually think the labor market deteriorated for black Americans in January.
YDSTIE: She says that number is volatile because of a small sample size. Better to look at a three-month average, she says, which would put black unemployment at 7.2 percent.
SCHIERHOLZ: That compares to 4.1 percent unemployment overall. So we still have very disparate outcomes by race in the labor market.
YDSTIE: But the tighter the labor market gets, the more progress that can be made on that front. John Ydstie, NPR News, Washington.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The Lee Plaza has been vacant since 1997. When it was built in 1928, the architecturally significant building housed one of the city's luxury apartment hotels featuring concierge and room service. (Photo: Google)
Detroit — For decades, two historic buildings in the city have sat abandoned among many others as symbols of the city's decline.
The city hopes to change that as it requests redevelopment proposals for the historic Lee Plaza on West Grand Boulevard and Woodland Apartments on Woodland Street. Combined, the developments would bring a total of 250 mixed-income units to the city.
“This redevelopment is part of our strategy to grow the city in a way that is equitable and includes everyone,” said Arthur Jemison, the city's director of housing and revitalization, in a statement Monday. “Our goal here is to attract new residents with newly renovated apartments that include affordable rents and retain long-time residents in the area by supporting projects that will spur additional investment and create strong anchors in the neighborhoods.”
The city's request comes after a $1.7 million transaction earlier this year with the Detroit Housing Commission that included the transfer of the apartment buildings to the Detroit Building Authority.
The transfer benefits the housing commission because it removes an unoccupied property from its books and increases its access to additional capital, rental assistance, government vouchers, Jemison said.
“Us getting the housing commission to be healthy is a huge priority,” he said.
A previous developer, Detroit native Craig Sasser, announced in 2015 a $200 million plan to develop Lee Plaza, but that deal never materialized.
At least five or six local and national developers have expressed interest in the property prior to the city announcing it would take bids, Jemison said.
According to the city, developers interested in renovating Lee Plaza or the Woodland Apartments should be prepared to set aside more than 20 percent of each building's units for individuals making $38,000 a year or less.
The Lee Plaza has been vacant since 1997. When it was built in 1928, the architecturally significant building housed one of the city's luxury apartment hotels featuring concierge and room service. It's in the NW-Goldberg neighborhood, near New Center. The city is asking $295,000 for the building and surrounding land.
The Woodland Apartments was built in 1923 on Woodland Street, just east of Woodward and north of the Boston Edison neighborhood. It's also been vacant since the 1990s. Interested developers can either renovate the building or demolish it and redevelop the site, city officials said.
“We've seen progress in the areas around both Lee Plaza and Woodland Apartments,” Mayor Mike Duggan said in a statement. “While these are challenging projects, these buildings can become major anchors in these communities.”
The city expects the redevelopment of Lee Plaza to take between two and five years while the Woodland Apartments could take between one to three years.
Both projects could be eligible for low-income housing tax credits, and the city is considering investment in both properties with federal HOME Investment Partnerships Program and community development block grant funds.
Lee Plaza also qualifies for federal historic tax credits because the property is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
cwilliams@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @CWilliams_DN
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2BcgEHb
Guitar legend Ry Cooder, activist and celebrated songwriter Buffy Sainte-Marie and folk singer and New Pornographers member Neko Case are among the dozens of acts at this year's Edmonton Folk Music Festival. The lineup was announced Wednesday morning, weeks after Regina Spektor — known for composing the Orange is the New Black theme song — was announced as one of the headliners.
Celebrated songwriter Buffy Sainte-Marie is one of the dozens of acts at this year's Edmonton Folk Music Festival. ( Justin Tang / The Canadian Press File )
Also notable on this year's bill are The Decemberists and Shakey Graves, whose sets were both cancelled last year due to rain, and perennial folk fest favourite Michael Franti and Spearhead. The festival will run from Aug. 9-12 at Gallagher Park. Tickets will go on sale in-person Saturday at 9 a.m. at the Edmonton Folk Music Festival office at 10115 97A Ave. The festival won't do its usual ticket lottery this year, but organizers are asking customers not to line up at the office before 7:30 a.m.
Article Continued Below
Online ticket sales will start at 10 a.m. through Ticketmaster. Adult passes are going for $189, but prices will increase in July.
Read more about:
In this edition: 1) The first 5k run of 2018 in Houlton. 2) Get ready for summer cycling at a party in Presque Isle. 3) Gear up for the Great Maine Outdoor Weekend February 9-29. Plus lots more!
Events:
Saturday, February 3
PRESQUE ISLE: BikeMaine 2018 Kickoff Party! 4:30-8:00 p.m. at Sargent Family Community Center, 24 Chapman Rd. Unveiling of the route and the specific host communities for BikeMaine 2018: Acadia in the St. John Valley – La Terre Entre Deux. Bike mechanics demos, helmet fittings, and info on programs coming to Aroostook County in 2018! Visit www.bikemaine.org FMI
Sunday, February 4
HOULTON: 34th Annual Wild Katahdin Trust Snow Run. 2018 Aroostook Musterds County Challenge Series Race #1. Registration: 9:00 a.m. at Millar Arena, 94 Randall Ave. 2-mile walk start: 10:45 a.m. 5k run start: 11:00 a.m. Course: Pretty flat and fast. Cost: $12. T-shirts to first 50 registrants. Proceeds support Houlton Rec. Refreshments, traditional chicken stew after event. Contact Houlton Rec (207-532-1310) FMI
Saturday, February 10
PRESQUE ISLE: TAMC Free Snowshoe Hike. 10:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. at Nordic Heritage Center, 450 Fort Fairfield Rd. Guided snowshoe hike as part of the Fit and Fun Winter Challenge 2018. Pre-registration required. Contact Linda Menard (207-768-4172) or lmenard@emhs.org FMI
Sunday, February 11
FORT KENT: Fort Kent Outdoor Center Free Family Fun Day. 12:00-4:00 p.m. at FKOC, 33 Paradis Circle. Free trail passes, ski and snowshoe rentals, beginner ski lessons, guided ski and snowshoe tours, sledding, snacks, hot chocolate, and a bonfire with s'mores! Visit www.fortkentoc.org FMI
Friday, February 16–Sunday, February 18
PATTEN: Mt. Chase Lodge Family Ski & Snowshoe Weekend. Come out to Mt Chase Lodge, 1517 Shin Pond Rd, to experience a winter wonderland next door to Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument and Baxter State Park. Instruction, leadership by Registered Maine Guides, lodging, meals, and accommodations. Cost: $319/Adult, $279/Youth (16 and younger). Visit www.mtchaselodge.com FMI
Saturday, February 17
PRESQUE ISLE: TAMC/Nordic Heritage Sport Club Youth Ski Day. 10:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. at Nordic Heritage Center, 450 Fort Fairfield Rd. All youth are invited for a morning of free Nordic skiing with instructor Paul Lamoreau. Snacks provided. Rental equipment available while supplies last beginning at 9:30. This event is part of the Fit and Fun Winter Challenge 2018. Contact Jamie Guerrette (207-768-4008) FMI
PRESQUE ISLE: Nordic Heritage Sport Club Moonlight Snowshoe Hike. 6:30 p.m. at Nordic Heritage Center, 450 Fort Fairfield Road. Come join us for fun on the trails and food and socializing afterwards. Bring friends and a snack to share! Best poker hand wins half the pot! Bring a headlamp. Cost: Free, $5/person to enter Poker Run. Limited snowshoe rentals available. Contact Mark Shea mshea@pinelandfarms.org FMI
Wednesday, February 21 & Thursday, February 22
FORT KENT: MPA Classes B & C Nordic State Ski Meet. Hosted by Fort Kent Outdoor Center, 33 Paradis Circle. Come cheer on some of the fastest skiers in Maine, including all Aroostook County teams, and ski or snowshoe the trails for yourself. Visit www.fortkentoc.org for race times.
Saturday, February 24
PRESQUE ISLE: Aroostook State Park Winter Family Fun Day. 10:00 a.m.–3:00 p.m. Come have fun with the family outside in Aroostook County's winter wonderland: XC skiing, snowshoeing, sliding, snowmobile tote-rides, nature walks, warming hut, hot food, bonfire, Smokey the Bear, Maine Game Wardens. Fee: $1.50/person ages 12-64; all others FREE. Equipment available. Contact Aroostook State Park (207-768-8341) FMI
LIMESTONE: Limestone Ski Club C-Me-Ski Classic Tour and Race. Aroostook Cup Series Race #3. Come out and enjoy the beauty of the wooded trails, wildlife, good food! Distances: .5k/ages 12 and under; 7k/ages 13-18; 21k/adults. Registration: 12:00 p.m. at Aroostook National Wildlife Refuge, 97 Refuge Rd. Youth race start: 1:00 p.m. Adult race start: 1:30 p.m. Cost: $10/person. Contact Limestone Ski Club (207-328-7491) FMI
Tuesday, February 27
PRESQUE ISLE: Quoggy Jo Ski Center/SAD1 Adult & Community Ed. Youth Ski Program. Tuesdays; 3:00-6:00 p.m. February 27-March 27 at Quoggy Jo, 420 Fort Rd. For students in grades 1-12. Cost: $39/student, includes transportation, equipment, lesson. Contact SAD1 Adult Ed. (207-764-4776) or visit www.msad1.coursestorm.com/course/quoggy-jo-skiing-program FMI
Saturday, March 3
PRESQUE ISLE: Himie Towle Memorial Ski Frolic. Aroostook Cup Series Race #4. Youth races at varying distances; 10k Freestyle Race, 5k Tour for adults. Registration: 10:00 a.m. at Nordic Heritage Center, 450 Fort Fairfield Rd. Youth race start: 12:00 p.m. Adult race start: 12:30 p.m. Cost: $20/family, $10/adult, $5/youth; includes lunch. Contact Tom Towle (207-227-6306) or ttowle@fortfairfield.org FMI
FORT KENT: 2nd Annual Can-Am Crown Snowshoe Challenge. 12:00 p.m. at Lonesome Pine Trails, Forest Ave. Join us for a snowshoe race after all the Can-Am Crown Mushers have left the starting line. 11 and under, 12-15 y/o divisions race are on flat course; 16 and above division runs up The Far Side trail, down Founders trail. Cost: $5/15 and under, $10/16 and above. Contact Michelle Labbe (207-231-0386) FMI
Saturday, March 3-Sunday, March 4
FORT KENT: Fort Kent Outdoor Center/Can-Am Crown Skijoring Races,Skijoring: a blend of XC skiing and mushing, where skier and animal(s) work together. 2k, 4k Sprint races Saturday; 5k, 10k races Sunday, at Fort Kent Outdoor Center, 33 Paradis Cir. Cost: $30/person per race. Contact FKOC fkocevents@gmail.com or visit www.fortkentoc.org/skijoring-in-fort-kent FMI
Ongoing Programs :
PRESQUE ISLE: Nordic Heritage Sport Club/TAMC Youth Ski Program. Saturdays; 10:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. at Nordic Heritage Center, 450 Fort Fairfield Rd. February 3-24. Coaches combine instruction, technique training with games on skis. This is the perfect way to get outside and enjoy the winter! For ages 6–10; children under 6 must be accompanied by adult. Cost: FREE! Contact Paul Lamoreau (207-764-6517) FMI
PRESQUE ISLE: Nordic Heritage Sport Club Youth XC Ski Club. Saturdays; 10:00-11:30 a.m. at Nordic Heritage Center, 450 Fort Fairfield Rd. For 4th-8th graders. Want to learn more about XC skiing? Try something new? The Aroostook County Bill Koch Club is for you; play games, learn technique, and have fun on skis! Cost $15/child. Contact Lydia Streinz lstreinz@rsu39.org FMI
PRESQUE ISLE: County Strides Running Group. Sundays; 10:00 a.m. at various locations. Open to all abilities; be ready for an easy run of 30-45 minutes, and bring friends! Visit County Strides at www.facebook.com/groups/447181508818122 FMI
EASTON: Francis Malcolm Science Center Walk-in Tours. Weekdays; 9:00 a.m.-3:00 p.m. Experience our planetarium's new, full-dome, digital projection system, featuring a 30-minute activity; 15 minutes in the star theater, 15 minutes to visit the facility at large. Cost: $5/visitor; reservations requested. Contact FMSC (207-488-5451) FMI
PRESQUE ISLE: Nordic Heritage Sport Club Adult Ski Night. Tuesdays; 6:00-8:00 p.m. at Nordic Heritage Center, 450 Fort Rd. Group skiing and instruction for all abilities! Cost: FREE! Equipment rentals available, please arrive no later than 5:45 p.m. Contact Tom Chasse (207-769-2453) or tomsharo@yahoo.com FMI
MADAWASKA: Four Seasons Trail Association Walking Group. Wednesdays and Saturdays; 1:00 p.m. at Four Seasons Lodge, 425 Spring St. Bring lunch. Contact Jacqueline Soucy (207-728-7047) FMI
Meetings:
LIMESTONE: Friends of Aroostook National Wildlife Refuge Meeting. Second Monday of each month; 6:00 p.m. at ANWR headquarters and Visitor's Center, 97 Refuge Rd. Get involved in volunteer projects at ANWR in effort to balance enhancing of habitat with public access privilege to enjoy wildlife in an unmolested environment. Contact Friends of ANWR (207-328-4634) or friendsofanwr@gmail.com FMI
PRESQUE ISLE: Nordic Heritage Sport Club Meeting. First Tuesday of each month; 6:00 p.m. at Nordic Heritage Center, 450 Fort Fairfield Rd. The club promotes healthy outdoor recreation, economic vitality in Central Aroostook County by providing first-class facilities and programs to area residents, athletes, visitors. Visit www.nordicheritagecenter.org FMI
FORT KENT: Fort Kent Outdoor Center Meeting. First Wednesday of each month; 6:00 p.m. at FKOC, 33 Paradis Circle. The Fort Kent Outdoor Center promotes healthy outdoor lifestyles by providing a first-rate facility, trail system, and recreational activities for members, athletes, and visitors. Visit www.fortkentoc.org FMI
MADAWASKA: Four Seasons Trail Association Meeting. First Wednesday of each month; 6:30 p.m. at Four Seasons Lodge, 425 Spring St. Non-profit organization dedicated to promotion of healthier lifestyles for this community; participation open to anyone interested. Visit www.fourseasonstrail.org FMI
Every year during Super Bowl week -- and especially when his New England Patriots are playing in the game -- Chicago Cubs general manager Jed Hoyer picks up the phone on his drive to spring training to talk baseball and football. Most of all, he makes a Super Bowl prediction -- usually a good one.
In Super Bowl 49, he picked the Patriots to win by four over the Seattle Seahawks. They won 28-24. Last year, Hoyer was at it again when New England came from behind to beat Atlanta 34-28. Hoyer predicted 35-27.
Can he be on the money a third time? And what does he think of his Cubs coming off their "hangover" season? We will get to all that, but we begin with the passing of a popular executive. Kevin Towers was close with both Hoyer and Theo Epstein. He died earlier in the week after a battle with cancer.
Cubs GM Jed Hoyer likes the Patriots in a close one and his baseball team to reassert itself. Patrick Gorski/Icon Sportswire
You and Theo had close relationships with Kevin Towers, who has received some great tributes since his passing. What was special about him?
JH: The things that have been said about him that resonate with me are that he was one of those people that was impossible not to have a good time with. He was happy all the time. You always felt like he was focused on you when talking to him. It was a gift, really. I had the unusual situation of taking over for him as GM in San Diego. He could not have been better to me. We ended up living just a few blocks from each other, and a number of times we would grab beers together before he ended up going to the Diamondbacks in 2011. We would meet for beers at his corner place and talk. I think that was pretty rare: to sit down with someone who used to have your job and talk. It shows what he was like. I always appreciated it. He will be dearly missed.
Well said. Let's get to what continues to be on everyone's mind: the slow-moving free-agent market. Front offices, obviously, are part of that equation, along with agents and players. Lorenzo Cain said he finally signed when Milwaukee offered him a fifth year. My point is: Can't the narrative change for any team, like it did for Milwaukee, through the team changing it themselves? In other words, couldn't they increase their offer and end the stalemate?
JH: There's a bit of a freeze right now because both sides feel good about their position and justified in their position. That's why it has been so slow.
Do you feel like you are in a position of strength in the market, considering there is so much inventory out there at this late date? In other words, you don't feel like you have to budge?
JH: I wouldn't characterize it that way. Every team has their internal rankings. Every team has their evaluations which they will never reveal. Those rankings guide them through the market. Both sides of the market can always move or activate and free things up. To this point, we haven't gotten there. Like everyone, as the calendar has gotten toward February, I keep thinking that there will be movement. I never expected to be driving to AZ with this much of the offseason left.
Every year, I'm curious, on your long drive out to Arizona, between listening to the radio or some podcasts, when your mind wanders back to baseball, what do you think about most regarding your team and the coming season?
JH: A few thoughts. We still have this excellent, young core. I think 2018 is the year where our guys are going to take a big step forward. Most of our guys are in their mid-20s, entering their prime years. I think this group is really going to come together. I'm excited about that part.
On the pitching side, I like the additions, but we're still looking to add depth. That's an annual thing you think about. You prepare for injuries even if some years you go unscathed.
And then the new coaching staff. I'm looking forward to working with them. We do have a lot of stability, but injecting some change into that can be a good thing.
Follow up to that: How does the dynamic in spring change with new coaches? In this case, the front office and Joe Maddon know the players better than the new coaches -- at least right now.
JH: It makes those early spring meetings that much more important. The last few years have been same players, same staff. Generally, it makes those meetings a little easier. Those meetings will be more in depth this time around. More questions. Everyone talks about spring being too long. This year it's probably a good thing to have the time for players and coaches to get to know each other.
Speaking of coaches, if your team improves five-to-10 spots in the rankings regarding situational hitting -- like man on third and less than two outs -- will Chili Davis have done his job?
JH: I'm not sure how you would define it, but we all saw the same thing last year. We struggled in those spots. We struggled in situational-hitting moments both in the regular season and in the postseason, and we probably did become a little home-run dependent. Chili really preaches a team focus on offense. Trust the guy behind you, pass the baton. We all want to get back to that grinding offense we had in 2016.
At this time last year, you were on-board with Kyle Schwarber leading off. I know you'll defer to Joe, but who might you tab this time around? Just your personal opinion.
JH: It's a good question. I do feel like leadoff is a position where some guys like it and thrive doing it. And some guys don't like it. They put different pressures on themselves. You have to keep that in mind. We're not going to have a natural leadoff guy on the roster, it doesn't appear. We have to have some guys grow into that spot. Ben Zobrist has the skill set. Maybe we do something different versus lefties than we do against righties. Remember, we scored 800-plus runs last year without a natural leadoff guy ... we'll have a long lineup, and hopefully we're grinding throughout the lineup and not just at leadoff.
Switch-hitter Ben Zobrist could man the leadoff spot for the Cubs on occasion. David Kohl/USA TODAY Sports
Last winter you mentioned liking a switch-hitter -- meaning Zobrist -- in the middle of the lineup, but I would assume having the potential high on-base guy at the top is more important than a switch-hitter in the middle, correct?
JH: Yeah, but I always go back to what I believe about lineup construction. Just let your best hitters hit most often. That solves a lot of problems. Let's not get too cute with how we lengthen it out. Let's put the best guys up there, and if you do that, you'll score a lot of runs. We have plenty of hitters who are good hitters.
During the winter you guys talked about the Cardinals' making big moves, but now Milwaukee has. That rebuild might have been quicker than even yours. Are the Brewers coming for you?
JH: Yes. They made a big leap last season, and they're looking to build on that. It's going to be an incredibly competitive division, not unlike 2015. There is a reason that the baseball regular season is so much better than any other sport: The stakes are so high. Nothing has changed from our end, though. Our focus has always been on getting off to a good start, unlike last year, and playing cleaner baseball.
OK, time to get to your prediction. You're 2-for-2 in the years we've done this when your Patriots have played in the Super Bowl. What's your take this year against the Eagles?
JH: I would take the Eagles with the spread, but I think New England is going to win. I think it will be really close, but I think the Patriots really know how to win, and they just come up big. I say 24-20 Patriots. It should be a fun one.
Follow up to that: Last year, you really did give Atlanta a chance, so let me ask you: Do you feel better this year going into the game or last year?
JH: It's hard for me to say. The Falcons were really good last year. They were formidable and had a great quarterback. That said, the Eagles have played well on both sides of the ball as well. It should be a good one again.
Watergate is the biggest political scandal of my lifetime, until maybe now. It was the closest we came to a debilitating Constitutional crisis, until maybe now. On a 10 scale of armageddon for our form of government, I would put Watergate at a 9. This Russia scandal is currently somewhere around a 5 or 6, in my opinion, but it is cascading in intensity seemingly by the hour. And we may look back and see, in the end, that it is at least as big as Watergate. It may become the measure by which all future scandals are judged. It has all the necessary ingredients, and that is chilling.
When we look back at Watergate, we remember the end of the Nixon Presidency. It came with an avalanche, but for most of the time my fellow reporters and I were chasing down the story as it rumbled along with a low-grade intensity. We never were quite sure how much we would find out about what really happened. In the end, the truth emerged into the light, and President Nixon descended into infamy.
The ZX Spectrum reboot scandal will drag on for at least another month as Retro Computers Ltd's embattled directors have again delayed a showdown that could lead to their dismissal.
The company, as regular readers know all too well, raised £513,000 from nearly 5,000 members of the public via crowdfunding website Indiegogo to produce a ZX Spectrum-themed handheld gaming console. This was to be called the ZX Spectrum Vega+.
The Vega+ was originally advertised as being ready for delivery by Christmas 2016, the money being raised earlier that year to put the final design into production.
Tuesday 3 July was supposed to be the day when the company's shareholders voted on whether to remove all its directors, who are chairman David Levy, MD Suzanne Martin and CTO Janko Mrsic-Flogel.
RCL's shareholders, who each have a 25 per cent stake in the firm, are Levy, former MD Paul Andrews, former CTO Chris Smith and Sinclair Research Ltd, Sir Clive Sinclair's corporate presence.
According to notes of the meeting made available by Andrews on a Facebook group for disgruntled RCL customers (Facebook registration and group membership required), Levy found a provision in the company's articles that allowed him to delay the vote by another 30 days, something he did not deny when we asked him about it yesterday. The meeting had already been adjourned for a month prior to this.
Levy did deny to The Register that RCL's board had fallen out with the Sinclair Research Ltd (SRL) representative at the meeting, insisting that he had been shown a working Vega+ console. Andrews suggested otherwise in his published notes, claiming: “Mostly Levy said they would not answer the SRL questions ‘until after they had shipped'. I think it's fair to say no questions asked were answered by RCL, and the conversation went round and round and round again between SRL and RCL.”
RCL has declared it will be shipping some units this week, a claim it has made so many times over the past few years.
The console
As previously detailed, Andrews and Smith want Levy and his team off the board because of the long delay in delivery of the console. Questions have mounted over the state of RCL's finances, especially what has happened to the allegedly ring-fenced £513,000 of customers' money.
Indiegogo has kept a very low profile in all this until The Register reported a successful legal action brought against RCL where the judge found that Indiegogo's terms and conditions were meaningless, ruling that an RCL customer had formed an implied contract of sale with the game console firm. Indiegogo has since insisted it is going to hire a debt collection agency to recover customers' monies from RCL, though it was happily transferring five-figure sums of customers' cash to RCL as late as the middle of last year.
Bank statements filed at Luton County Court and seen by El Reg revealed that on the same day as RCL's accounts claimed it had £433,000 in capital and reserves, in fact it had just £1,200 in the bank. The account was overdrawn at points with cash top-ups being supplied by VAT refunds from HMRC.
In a statement posted to its Facebook pageyesterday, RCL made various claims that Andrews has committed criminal offences and that he is under investigation by various agencies. No evidence was offered to support these claims. It also claimed that Andrews had "immediately released to the press" his meeting notes, when in fact El Reg saw them on Facebook.
Questions remain over what RCL's board have done with the £513,000 of crowdfunded cash and when will they refund the 489 customers who have requested a total of £55,505 be returned to them. In addition, Indiegogo's promised debt collectors have yet to materialise. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
“Maybe in the initial years when you are newly married I think it is more relevant. Over the years you tend to understand the person better so you really don't need roses all the time. Every day could be Valentine's Day. Every day I spend with my husband is Valentine's Day for me, so love does not necessarily have to be expressed in words all the time. It could be things that you do for each other, the way you understand each other - that is a more mature perspective. A couple in a new relationship might want to say more, gift more. But when you are into a long term relationship you don't always have to say it. I mean, it is nice to hear ‘I love you' but it is not always necessarily said through words, it is through actions, it could even be a look,” she said.
But even Tanisha Gupta, an Indian senior copywriter in a Dubai-based advertising firm, who has been married for just three years, does not find the need to drop everything to express her love on Valentine's Day. “I personally think there are so many other moments that can and should be used, for the expression of love. In fact, even just the start of a weekend, when you get to spend some quality time with your loved one, becomes a chance to express your love.” What the day does offer, according to her, is a way to make amends. “It's the perfect opportunity for people who usually forget special occasions, to make up for it.” And this opportunity can come at quite a cost. A billion dollar industry has been built around Valentine's Day. The same study by US's National Retail Federation also found that US residents will spend $18.2 billion (Dh66.85 billion) on Valentine's Day this year. If that seems like a lot, you should know that this is less than what they spent last year. In 2016, Valentine's Day related expenses reached an all-time high of $19.7 billion (Dh72.36 billion). The pressure of a dozen long-stem red roses, teddy bears or heart-shaped balloons can get too much for even the most expressive personalities. Introverts, then, have a much harder time coping with it. According to a study by US-based mental health social network PsychCentral, extroverts are charged by people, places and stimuli outside of them. But introverts get their energy from within. Ashwin Fernandes, a social media executive based in Dubai, saw that his introverted friends preferred not to emerge on Valentine's Day at all. “The day puts a lot of pressure on extroverts, let alone introverts. So they prefer to express their affection on another day that's free of all the expectations and hype. Having to arrange a restaurant reservation, get chocolates, teddy bears and so on – it makes it so much harder! Even on a regular basis, introverts wouldn't be expressing themselves with things like this, so on Valentine's Day, they don't want to go out or get involved with the festivities at all.” Also, for many residents in the UAE who come from various cultures, spending so much money and effort on the idea of love makes little sense. Ksenya Prekovic, who has been married for 16 years, does not celebrate the day as it is not part of the culture in her home country of Croatia. However, she highlighted the need to express love in whichever way a person might be comfortable. “I don't believe in buying gifts to show love. Instead, it is about spending time doing what you both enjoy and sometimes it's about striking a compromise to do something the other person would prefer, for example playing a game or sport you don't normally enjoy. It is more about that and sharing moments together rather than buying an expensive gift just to show off. Other people have a different understanding of what love is and whatever you find to be the expression of love, you should do that and tell them why they are important to you,” she said. Omar Abu Omar, a Jordanian national who works in digital marketing in Dubai, felt occasions such as these should be considered “just another day”. He said: “Days like Valentine's or Father's Day, and so on, are really overrated. Of course, it's nice to express your love for someone, but why only on this day? I think people place too much value on it.” Twitter poll: Valentine's Day: reduces love to one day - 53% is a chance to express love - 47% More from Your Reports Why jump over the fence when the gate is open?
Love trends on politics, family and food
Communication is key, says expert
Planting trees for a greener future
Hoping to tamp down the furor that erupted over reports that its user data was improperly acquired by Cambridge Analytica, Facebook has hired the digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg to perform an audit on the political consulting and marketing firm.
In a statement, Facebook said that Cambridge Analytica has agreed to comply and give Stroz Friedberg access to their servers and systems.
Facebook has also reached out to the whistleblower, Christopher Wylie, and Aleksandr Kogan, the Cambridge University professor who developed an application that collected data that he then sold to Cambridge Analytica.
Kogan has consented to the audit, but Wylie, who has positioned himself as one of the architects for the data collection scheme before becoming a whistleblower, declined, according to Facebook.
The move comes after a brutal day for Facebook's stock on the Nasdaq stock exchange. Facebook shares plummeted 7 percent, erasing roughly $40 billion in market capitalization amid fears that the growing scandal could lead to greater regulation of the social media juggernaut.
Indeed both the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq fell sharply as worries over increased regulations for technology companies ricocheted around trading floors, forcing a sell-off.
“This is part of a comprehensive internal and external review that we are conducting to determine the accuracy of the claims that the Facebook data in question still exists. This is data Cambridge Analytica, SCL, Mr. Wylie, and Mr. Kogan certified to Facebook had been destroyed. If this data still exists, it would be a grave violation of Facebook's policies and an unacceptable violation of trust and the commitments these groups made,” Facebook said in a statement.
However, as more than one Twitter user noted, this is an instance where they're trying to close Pandora's Box but the only thing that the company has left inside is… hope.
We take your = thoughts
Privacy seriously = prayers — Paul Ford (@ftrain) March 17, 2018
The bigger issue is that Facebook had known about the data leak as early as two years ago, but did nothing to inform its users — because the violation was not a “breach” of Facebook's security protocols.
Facebook's own argument for the protections it now has in place is a sign of its too-little, too-late response to a problem it created for itself with its initial policies.
“We are moving aggressively to determine the accuracy of these claims. We remain committed to vigorously enforcing our policies to protect people's information. We also want to be clear that today when developers create apps that ask for certain information from people, we conduct a robust review to identify potential policy violations and to assess whether the app has a legitimate use for the data,” the company said in a statement. “We actually reject a significant number of apps through this process. Kogan's app would not be permitted access to detailed friends' data today.”
It doesn't take a billionaire Harvard dropout genius to know that allowing third parties to access personal data without an individual's consent is shady. And that's what Facebook's policies used to allow by letting Facebook “friends” basically authorize the use of a user's personal data for them.
Wilmington High School senior Heather Fryman will continue her education at Capital University and plans to run for the Crusaders cross country team. In the photo, from left to right, father Jeff Fryman, mother June Fryman, Heather Fryman, and WHS cross-country and track and field coach Brad Heys.
Wilmington High School senior Heather Fryman will continue her education at Capital University and plans to run for the Crusaders cross country team. In the photo, from left to right, father Jeff Fryman, mother June Fryman, Heather Fryman, and WHS cross-country and track and field coach Brad Heys. http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_CC_frymansigns-1.jpg Wilmington High School senior Heather Fryman will continue her education at Capital University and plans to run for the Crusaders cross country team. In the photo, from left to right, father Jeff Fryman, mother June Fryman, Heather Fryman, and WHS cross-country and track and field coach Brad Heys.
After an investigation into the case of two men falling ill after drinking instant coffee, Malaysian police concluded that the premix coffee was spiked. The case is being probed under Section 272 of the Penal Code for adulteration of food or drinks intended for sale.
George Town OCPD Asst Comm Anuar Omar said that lab studies of the samples those men consumed revealed there were differences in weight, mixture and packaging when compared to original samples. "They suspect that a type of drug, which has yet to be identified, was added to the premix coffee," said Omar, according to reports.
It was also reported that a green substance was mixed in the sample and increased the weight by 10g than the original weight of 40g. It was also revealed that tearing was there at the bottom, which proofs that the sachets were opened and resealed again.
However, police are not being able to identify the drug.
These two men were taken to the Penang Hospital emergency ward when they fainted after drinking instant coffee in Malaysia. However, the two friends, who were admitted to the medical ward on January 27, are reported to be in stable condition at present.
State Health Department director Dr. Wan Mansor Hamzah said that the two patients started feeling weak and lethargic after consuming the drink. "Both patients claimed they drank instant coffee before showing the symptoms which warranted them to seek immediate medical treatment," Dr. Hamzah told Malaysian Digest.
Meanwhile, two other people, who were colleagues, drank the same coffee at work. According to the message, the four patients displayed sympathomimetic toxidromes that include very high blood pressure, tachycardia, dilated pupils, sweating, and restlessness.
Abdulrahman al-Rashed
THIS is the first day of the new year. It will be like every other day of the past year – thousands, or perhaps even millions, of Syrians will spend the sad nights of winter in the cold with little food and blankets. Millions of others will spend their nights under temporary roofs in Syria, or in shelters across the world amid difficult circumstances as they face an unknown future. The situation for Syrians is like that of the Libyans and of residents in disturbed areas in Yemen and Iraq.
Despite that, amid the tears, destruction and fighting, we see a ray of hope with the beginning of this new year. There is a possibility of a solution in Syria and a project for a solution in Yemen. We've also heard calls for reconciliation in Libya. The invasion of the occupied Iraqi city of Mosul – which we've long awaited – may conclude with eliminating ISIS after two years of fear, chaos and terrorism.
Reality or mirage? Is it a ray of hope or a mirage? We don't know, but the signs are positive and the promises are encouraging. We have to wait and hope that 2017 will be better than the past five bloody years.
Why is 2017 worthy of all these hopes? Because US President Barack Obama leaves the White House after he was an aide to the Iranians, the Russians and the Syrian regime. It's because the incomplete Iranian and Russian victories are in fact half-defeats, while the beginnings of negotiation arrangements for a solution actually indicate that the next year will be better than the past year.
Is this a ray of hope or a mirage? We don't know, but the signs are positive and the promises are encouraging
The desire to end disputes is a mutual characteristic in Syria, Yemen, Iraq and Libya at the beginning of 2017. Perhaps this sentiment will become a reality. Conflicts have exhausted fighters, and all parties have realized that destruction and displacement do not achieve victories. For four years now, the Syrian regime and its allies have on a daily basis dropped barrel bombs and targeted civilians as they hoped they would cleanse entire areas of their people.
This has been such a revolting campaign. However, even after these purges, the regime did not achieve the demographic hegemony that it committed all these massacres for. The regime is still a minority and its forces have shrunk greatly.
The regime's sons, from its own sect, abandoned it as they preferred to flee with the rest of the Syrian people to Europe and to other countries rather than allow their young children to be dragged into battlefields in the name of compulsory recruitment. That's what a parent in New York told me. He said: “Many Alawite families would have their sons escape Syria as they refuse to see their sons die for the sake of the regime. There's nothing that deserves being killed for.”
Those who are sending their children to die for the sake of the Assad regime are hired militias, like the Lebanon's Hezbollah and Iraq's Asa'ib Ahl al-Haq. The Iranian regime boasts that it's fighting there with a small number of Iranians as it uses Lebanese, Iraqi, Afghani and Pakistani militiamen.
Meanwhile in Yemen, the war only stopped for few days in what was a failed test of the truce a month ago. However, the peace project which the international envoy proposed is still the only thing which fighters can meet around. There's great hope in 2017, especially as the new American administration takes over.
Obama's presidential exit brings some joy but it also brings worry. Obama has adopted the policy of doing about multiple, simultaneous and dangerous crises until they've become threats that cross over to different continents.
The administration of President-elect Donald Trump may adopt a policy that's more committed and more relentless against chaos. This new administration may return Iran to the bottle which Obama got it out of and which caused the painful tragedies – including terrorism – we see today.
In all cases, 2016 was a harsh year. I hope the new year brings the breakthroughs which millions of displaced and distressed people and orphans look forward to.
—Courtesy: AA
[Abdulrahman al-Rashed is the former General Manager of Al Arabiya News Channel. A veteran and internationally acclaimed journalist, he is a former editor-in-chief of the London-based leading Arab daily Asharq al-Awsat, where he still regularly writes a political column. He has also served as the editor of Asharq al-Awsat's sister publication, al-Majalla. Throughout his career, Rashed has interviewed several world leaders, with his articles garnering worldwide recognition, and he has successfully led Al Arabiya to the highly regarded, thriving and influential position it is in today. He tweets @aalrashed]
ESPN Newswire More Newswires MLB NFL NBA NHL College Football Men's NCAA Basketball Women's NCAA Basketball WNBA Golf Auto Racing Tennis Boxing Horse Racing Olympics Cycling Track and Field Swimming Gymnastics Skiing Figure Skating PBA Cricket Rugby Soccer
The following stories are the most recent transmissions from ESPN.com wire sources.
College Football - View All - Photos
Men's NCAA Basketball - View All - Photos
Women's NCAA Basketball - View All - Photos
Auto Racing - View All - Photos
Horse Racing - View All - Photos
Track and Field - View All - Photos
Figure Skating - View All - Photos
PARIS -- Olympic skiing champion Jean Vuarnet, who helped pioneer the aerodynamic tuck position for downhill racers but suffered tragedy with the deaths of his wife and son in a doomsday cult murder-suicide, has died, the French Olympic Committee announced Monday. He was 83.
Vuarnet died of a stroke, a statement by the committee said.
The Frenchman won Olympic gold in the downhill at the 1960 winter games in Squaw Valley, California. Rejecting wooden skis, he was the first skier to win an Olympic gold on metal skis.
He was also the only competitor in that race to use the speedier low tuck position, squatting down with knees bent.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
English cricket's thirsty culture and nightlife patrols have landed three more players in hot water.
As Ben Stokes was told he will not travel with the England squad to Australia when they fly out for the Ashes tour on October 28, the fall-out from his arrest following a street brawl in Bristol continued to lap at the gates of Lord's like floodwater.
Wicketkeeper-batsman Jonny Bairstow, all-rounder Liam Plunkett and pace bowler Jake Ball have been fined and handed written warnings for ­“unprofessional conduct”.
The fines, understood to be hundreds of pounds, were levied after England ­director of cricket Andrew Strauss launched an investigation into the ­behaviour of the one-day squad.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: PA Wire)
And although disciplinary action against Bairstow, Plunkett and Ball is not related to the incident involving all-rounder Stokes and big-hitting batsman Alex Hales, it marks a crackdown on ­­unacceptable lifestyle by the England and Wales Cricket Board.
The undisclosed fines were paid into the Professional Cricketers' ­Association benevolent fund and Hornsby Professional Cricketers' fund.
ECB say the probe into the trio's conduct is now concluded.
Middlesex pace bowler Steve Finn has been drafted into the squad and will ­replace Stokes in the party flying to Perth.
Lord's sources insist Stokes had been ruled out of leaving on that flight, but not yet the whole Ashes series. But his hopes of ­playing any part on the tour are remote unless he is cleared by a police investigation into the ­fracas in the small hours of ­September 25.
(Image: Getty)
In a statement, Strauss admitted ­England were effectively preparing for battle without Stokes, saying: “With the Ashes just around the corner, it's important to give the players, coaching staff and supporters some clarity around a complex situation.
“This decision will help us in the weeks ahead and give every player and the whole England set-up the best chance to focus on the ­challenge ahead in Australia.
“We've spoken to Ben and ­assured him our decision in no way prejudges the outcome of the ­ongoing police investigation or the ­independent Cricket Discipline Commission process.”
ECB maintained their promise to award 12-month central contracts on purely cricketing criteria, and Stokes – as expected – was among the eight players awarded the top-ranked Test match package along with skipper Joe Root, Bairstow, James ­Anderson, ­Stuart Broad, Alastair Cook, Moeen Ali and Chris Woakes.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
Finn has a chequered record in ­Australia.
He took 14 wickets in three Tests in 2010-11, when Strauss led ­England to their first Ashes triumph on Australian soil since 1986-87.
Four years ago, his action fell apart to the extent former one-day coach Ashley Giles revealed Finn was “unselectable.”
Strauss said: “Steven is a high-quality cricketer with considerable experience of international cricket and Australian ­conditions. The selectors believe he will add to our range of options.”
NEW YORK, Aug 14 (APP): Top U.S. officials presented their united front
on North Korea: denuclearization through a new policy of “strategic accountability,” and not regime change, is what they seek from Pyongyang in a time of heightened tensions.
In a jointly written opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal, U.S.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis stated the United States does not seek to “inflict harm” on the “long-suffering North Korean people.”
“We are replacing the failed policy of ‘strategic patience'…with a new
policy of strategic accountability,” the two officials wrote.
The U.S. goal, they added, is a denuclearized Korean Peninsula and not
“regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea.” Similarly, the U.S. is not in search of an excuse to station more of its troops along the North Korean border, nor does it have any “desire to inflict harm on the long-suffering North Korean people, who are distinct from the hostile regime in Pyongyang.”
Tillerson and Mattis called for a “peaceful pressure campaign” that
would be conducted with the aim of denuclearization, and without toppling the regime. But the two U.S. secretaries also described the regime in Pyongyang as “hostile.”
Tillerson and Mattis furthermore pointed out China could play an
important role in persuading Pyongyang to reconsider its options.
“The region and world need and expect China to do more,” they wrote in
the article that also included a message for North Korea.
“Take a new path toward peace, prosperity and international acceptance,
or continue further down the dead alley of belligerence, poverty and isolation,” they said. “The [United States] will aspire and work for the former, and will remain vigilant against the latter.”
On its part, China has announced a full import ban on North Korean
mineral resources and seafood would be effective Tuesday.
They're part of the tougher sanctions approved by the United Nations
Security Council earlier this month following two intercontinental ballistic missile tests by North Korea in July.
Last week, several US intelligence analysts said they believe North
Korea “probably” possesses a miniaturized nuclear warhead.
The report, originally in the Washington Post, was the catalyst for
Trump's “fire and fury” rhetoric, which threatened retaliation on Pyongyang should they not cease making threats against the US.
Arrow's Season 5 was truly a study in how seamlessly a show could rise back from the ashes and reclaim its throne as the king of all superhero shows. Despite the past two seasons being subpar, the Arrow showrunners managed to turn the tide around in Season 5, with some brilliant new casting additions, one hell of a villain, some amazing stunts, and a great story line. And after the explosive Season 5 finale, we simply can't wait to see what direction the #DC show will take next. Luckily for us, executive producer Marc Guggenheim just dropped some serious hints about what we can expect from the Season 6.
The Theme Of Season 6
'Arrow' [Credit: The CW]
Whereas much of last season was devoted to Oliver's acceptance of his previous sins, this year will be all about moving past the guilt that has haunted him for the past few years, as he focuses on something more important: Team Arrow. With the Oliver island flashbacks finally over, Arrow will feel more like an ensemble piece, as Season 6 will devote more time flashing back to the lives of the other major players. These new flashbacks will no doubt include Black Siren, Black Canary and Deathstroke, among others.
Speaking to EW, Guggenheim explained how Season 6's theme of family would play out in the show.
"The way I would like to think of it is, last year we spent a whole season really building up this team, this new Team Arrow, and this year we've got the team in place — what sort of damage can we do? And I think at this point, we've almost put [Oliver] through just about every conceivable thing, so we got very intrigued by the idea of... what is Oliver's reaction when the people closest to him go through something difficult?"
And, if Guggenheim's words are anything to go by, Team Arrow will certainly go through a lot in Season 6, as they are persecuted by not one, not two, but a whole "cabal" of villains.
The 'Cabal Of Villains'
Anatoly is one of the "cabal of villains" in Season 6. [Credit: The CW]
For some people, Season 5 of Arrow easily had the best villain in the show's history. Prometheus, with his schemes and torturous games, put Oliver through a hell like no other foe did. And with the villain having set the bar so high, it's going to be interesting to see how Season 6 tries to one-up him, especially since the writers are planning to have Oliver and co. face-off against a group of villains.
Guggenheim explained why a "cabal of villains" was necessary:
"If you're going to do stories that are about this group, Team Arrow, tell a story about a group of antagonists. It's not just about check off boxes in terms of like thorn, thorn, thorn; it's more like group versus group."
This group of baddies is set to feature Michael Emerson's mystery character, David Nykl's Anatoly, and Kirk Acevedo's Richard Dragon, though Black Siren may or not be a part of the Team. Another unrelated threat to the #GreenArrow could be Sydelle Noel's Samantha Watson, an FBI agent who will be hot on the trail of the Green Arrow after he was declared public enemy no. 1. Speaking to TVLine, Stephen Amell had to this to say about her character:
"Oliver can't so much as open his mouth to say boo without her bullshit detector going off. She is thoroughly and utterly convinced of exactly what he is, and the ironic and funny thing about that is, of course, she's precisely right. She is dogging me — and not just me. The interesting thing about her character is she doesn't just put one piece together. She puts all the pieces together."
It seems that, while on the trail of the Green Arrow, Samantha Watson will uncover the secrets of his team as well.
With Team Arrow being beset by a whole cabal of villains, while going through their own emotional crises, our expectations are high that #Arrow Season 6 will be just as mind blowing as the last season. And indeed, if Arrow keeps its villains and stunts top-notch, then I'm sure that the showrunners will hit the bullseye.
Are you excited about Arrow Season 6? Sound off below.
(Source: EW, TVLine)
After sitting during the national anthem of Sunday's preseason opening 48-17 blowout victory against the Los Angeles Chargers, Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett confirmed he will continue to sit for the rest of the season.
Unlike Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, who says he's been sitting during the national anthem the last 11 years, this is the first time Bennett has been seen silently protesting alone.
But like Lynch and free agent quarterback Colin Kaepernick, Bennett says he is trying to send a message to the public about all the racial duress, including what took place over the weekend with the deadly racial protests in Charlottesville, Va.
“(That) had a lot to do with it but I think it's just the journey of who I am as a person,” Bennett said, per NFL Media. “I think everybody has a time where they feel like they need to be who they are and stand up for what they believe in.”
Bennett has been outspoken on racial, social and religious issues for more than a year.
He's donated and invested a lot of time into supporting some of the causes he's spoken out on.
However, that didn't do much which is why he decided not to stand on Sunday.
“I hope that I can activate everybody to get off their hands and feet and go out into the communities and push helping each other,” he said.
This is an update of a story posted at 10:42 a.m. Wednesday
SPRINGFIELD - Just after his announcing the Hampden County Sheriff's Department would be offering 86 beds for the treatment of people with opioid addictions, Sheriff Nick Cocchi said that number is a good start but not nearly enough to get ahead of the problem.
"Eighty-six beds is not enough," he said while talking with reporters. "People are dying."
Cocchi said he would like to see the number of treatment spaces, measured in the number of available beds, increase to match the need of the region. That could mean those 86 beds would have to be expanded to 106 or even 186, and an increase is all but inevitable given the scope of the opioid problem, he said.
The Hampden County Sheriff's Department on Wednesday announced the launch of the Stonybrook Stabilization and Treatment Centers of Springfield and Ludlow. Before some 100 local, county and state officials, Cocchi pledged making use of space at the Hampden County Correctional Centers in Ludlow and the Western Mass. Recovery and Wellness Center on Mill Street, Springfield. The facilities will be in operation within 60 days and will serve as rehabilitation centers for addicts who have been civilly committed by the courts.
There will be 54 beds available at the county jail for people in the initial stages of treatment, and another 32 beds at Mill Street for those who graduate to more advanced treatment.
Under Chapter 135, Section 35 of the Mass. General Laws, spouses, relatives, guardians or in some cases, police or court officials may petition the court to have an addict committed to a treatment facility. A section 35 committal is a considered a civil commitment, and not entered on one's criminal record.
"These people are not criminals; they are citizens, civilly committed for treatment because of their severe addiction to drugs or alcohol," Cocchi said.
The state Department of Health has tabulated the number of fatal overdoses in 2017 at 1,874, but the total cases could exceed 2,000, he said. Those amounts slightly below the numbers for 2016, which was a record year for opioid deaths.
Under Section 35 legislation, there are two facilities in the state for the treatment of men, and three for women. All of them are in the greater Boston area.
The Stonybrook Centers will be the only facilities in Western Massachusetts for Section 35 commitments.
"This program will allow those citizens from Worcester west to the Berkshires who are civilly committed under Section 35 to come directly to us for detox and treatment," Cocchi said. "This will avoid the 2 1/2 to 3 1/2-hour trips to Eastern Mass., far from family, friends and local support service agencies."
Carol Mici, deputy Commissioner for the Mass. Dept. of Correction, offered her appreciation on behalf of the department of Correction for his efforts
She noted that the state's 250-bed Mass Alcohol and Substance Abuse Center is in Plymouth, which is "far, far away from Western Mass."
The county jails have been leaders in reentry programs for inmates with addiction issues, and this is taking that expertise and applying it to Section 35 cases," she said.
"I have all the faith in the world that this program will be successful," she said.
William E. Rooney of the Ludlow Board of Selectmen spoke of last year going through the process through the courts of having a nephew committed under Section 35.
"It was one of the most emotional times in my life," he said. After winning approval from the courts, they then had to drive across the state to Plymouth.
"Getting in a van and going 2 hours away didn't make any sense," he said.
"For those people throughout Western Mass. who will be directly affected, it is going to be a better place for those in the throes of addiction," Rooney said.
Denise Jordan, Springfield Mayor Domenic Sarno's chief of staff, said Sarno is fully behind the effort.
"I've attended a number of meetings over the last couple of years (and) I remember early on hearing Sheriff Cocchi say 'You know what? I have the room, I have the staff and we have the ability to bring this to fruition," Jordan said.
Cocchi, she said, "is a man of his word because we're standing here today."
Franklin County Sheriff Christopher Donelan, and Berkshire County Sheriff Thomas Bowler were each present to offer their support.
"This is big for us," Bowler said.
He estimated that his staff make around 200 transports per year of Section 35 cases from Pittsfield to Plymouth and each takes around 8-12 hours.
Bring people to greater Springfield will be simpler, faster and more cost effective, he said.
Donelan said county sheriffs have been leading the fight against addiction for years because most newly sentenced inmates have some sort of drug or alcohol dependency.
He said the county jails treatment programs are successful, and the only negative is people generally have had to be arrested, convicted and sentenced to have access to services.
"What's groundbreaking here is it treats people before they have a criminal record," he said.
Dr. Robert Roose, vice president of Mercy Behavioral Health Care said sheriffs departments across the country have out of necessity recognized the need for successful treatment and prevention programs "far before the opioid crisis was receiving the attention it deserved."
The problem with one facility at the far edge of the state for Section 35 cases is it limits the people receiving treatment from receiving visits from family, and this denies them a chance for valuable support.
"Sheriff Cocchi is not willing to let the status quo remain" he said. "This is the result of a fantastic vision."
For now, the treatment is for men, not women. Cocchi said this is due to a wording in the state law that forbids female patients under Section 35 from being treated at a correctional facility.
The Ludlow jail is obviously a correctional facility, but the Mill Street location is also considered one, he said. Cocchi said that designation makes little sense, especially since the Mill Street site is a minimal security operation to the point of not having locks on doors to residents' rooms.
He said he is lobbying for the legislature to change the wording of the law.
He said the new programs are for now carved out through savings and reallocations from within the annual Sheriff's Department budget. Cocchi said he anticipates seeking additional funding from the legislature during next year's budget.
PanARMENIAN.Net - The ringleader of the militant group Ahrar al-Sham in al-Fo'ua and Kafriya, both in northwestern Syria, was killed by unknown shooters, IRNA reports.
Osama Kharitah was shot to death in northern Idlib, according to a Saturday, February 3 report by the media close to the group.
On March 28, 2015, the two cities were besieged and targeted daily ever since by 14,000 terrorists.
Syria has been fighting the Takfiri for seven years now.
The group aims to create an Islamic state under Sharia law, and in the past has cooperated with the al-Nusra Front, an affiliate of al-Qaeda.
News of cyberattacks is slowly becoming a new normal. We are still at a stage where high-profile cases, like the recent attack against the American credit reporting company Equifax, in which 145.5 million users had their personal information compromised, raise eyebrows. But we need those eyebrows to stay up because we should never accept cyber threats as the new normal.
This week in Paris, hundreds of leaders met at the Women's Forum to discuss some of the key issues that will shape the future of a world in transition, including cybersecurity. But this topic is not just a concern for the experts — it's a concern to all men and women leading any business today.
New risks on the horizon
A recent report by the Internet Society, "Paths to Our Digital Future", points out that now is a big moment for the Internet. The revolution we already see could accelerate in the coming years, not only due to the increasing digitalization of services and businesses, but also through the expansion of objects being connected to the Internet — the Internet of Things (IoT). By 2020 more than 20 billion "things" could be connected.
Suddenly it's not only your computer but also your toaster or car that's online! The convergence of the physical and the digital world promises a whole range of opportunities on the horizon. But in the interconnected communities we live in, cybersecurity becomes increasingly about personal and societal security.
Organisations are only as secure as their weakest link
What this means is that security needs to be everyone's concern in the management chain. For leaders, cybersecurity must become a strategic priority. Business executives need to ensure that their organisations have the capacity and skills to address online threats — a challenge in itself due to the current deficit of qualified professionals. In fact, some estimates point towards a global shortage of 2 million cybersecurity professionals by 2019, with a stronger gender divide than in any other industry.
Security is not a concern that can be delegated to experts either, hoping that all will be fine. Today there is a psychological barrier among many non-experts who believe that security is something that their IT department is solely responsible for.
This narrow view misses the point that cybersecurity is dependent on a variety of actors — including individuals. The majority of cyber incidents are actually due to human error, through social engineering attacks such as email phishing to an employee, or even the accidental disclosure of private data. This means that basic security practices must be understood by non-experts as well.
Shaping a trustworthy Internet ecosystem
The ecosystem also needs to offer incentives for good behavior. Take the example of data breaches. While they are a risk to both companies and customers, the risks do not align. As we showed in our 2016 Global Internet Report, the organisations that handle customer data may be at reputational or legal risk to a data breach, but they are not likely to bear the same level of costs as the customers or users who may have their data lost or stolen in a breach.
This means we have to shape the ecosystem to better align the risks among users, manufacturers and service providers. While there are several ways to do this, such as clarifying liability laws, a key way is through better security signaling: recognizable, trusted methods for signaling levels of security so that consumers can factor it into their buying habits.
Everyone has a role to play to shape a trustworthy Internet. To secure data and online devices through their lifetimes, The Internet Society offers the Online Trust Alliance's IoT Trust Framework. But this is only part of the solution. We need to all take into account the risk IoT insecurity poses to users, and the Internet as a whole.
Cybersecurity needs to be everyone's concern, so keep those eyebrows up!
By Constance Bommelaer, Senior Director, Global Internet Policy, Internet Society. More blog posts from Constance Bommelaer can also be read here.
Related topics: Cybersecurity, Internet of Things
Ann Arbor native and Bethune-Cookman infielder Demetrius Sims was taken Wednesday in the 14th round of the MLB draft by the Miami Marlins. (Photo: Richard Lewis / Associated Press)
After just four players with local ties went in the first 10 rounds of the Major League Baseball Draft, 11 were taken in the first 10 rounds of Day 3 on Wednesday.
Three went in the first round Wednesday, the 11th overall, including Michigan catcher Drew Lugbauer to the Atlanta Braves. He was the fifth pick of the day. The junior slugger hit 11 home runs to go with 58 RBIs and a .514 slugging percentage in helping lead the Wolverines to the NCAA Tournament.
Seven Michigan players have been drafted through 28 rounds, and every Division I program from Michigan has had at least one player drafted.
Farmington High School alum Alex Manasa, a 6-foot-4, 195-pound right-handed pitcher also was selected in the 11th round by the Pittsburgh Pirates after a fine season at Jackson Community College. He was a reliever on the mound, with five saves in 16 appearances, striking out 31 in 21.1 innings. That's where the Pirates see his future, though he was Jackson C.C.'s best hitter, batting .410 with a .579 slugging percentage and 56 RBIs in 50 games. He also stole 25 bases in 29 chances.
Mount Pleasant High School shortstop Obie Ricumstrict went later in the 11th round, to the Texas Rangers. He's the son of Central Michigan football's defensive line coach, George Ricumstrict.
Two more players from Michigan — who went to college outside the state — also were taken early Wednesday, right-hander Ricky Karcher in the 13th round by the Cincinnati Reds and shortstop Demetrius Sims in the 14th round by the Miami Marlins. Karcher is from Saline and went to Walters State C.C. in Tennessee, and Sims is from Ann Arbor and went to Bethune-Cookman in Florida.
The draft continues Wednesday through the 40th and final round.
STATE PLAYERS DRAFTED
6th round, Padres: Aaron Leasher, LHP, 6-3/190, Morehead State (Mount Pleasant)
6th round, Mariners: Oliver Jaskie, LHP, 6-4/215, Michigan (Ada)
8th round, Red Sox: Zach Sterry, 1B, 5-11/226, Oakland
9th round, Nationals: Alex Troop, LHP, 6-5/210, Michigan State
11th round, Braves: Drew Lugbauer, C, 6-4/230, Michigan
11th round, Pirates: Alex Manasa, RHP, 6-4/195, Jackson C.C. (Farmington)
11th round, Rangers: Obie Ricumstrict, SS, 6-2/175, Mount Pleasant HS
13th round, Reds: Ricky Karcher, RHP, 6-4/195, Walters State C.C. (Saline)
14th round, Marlins: Demetrius Sims, SS, 6-2/200, Bethune-Cookman (Ann Arbor)
16th round, Reds: Ryan Nutof, RHP, 6-2/190, Michigan
16th round, Cubs: Brandon Hughes, CF, 6-2/215, Michigan State (Sterling Heights)
17th round, Astros: Matt Ruppenthal, RHP, 6-4/225, Vanderbilt (Bloomfield Hills)
17th round, Dodgers: Nathan Witt, RHP, 6-4/210, Michigan State (Clarkston)
18th round, Rockies: Garrett Schilling, RHP, 6-2/185, Xavier (Clawson)
19th round, Braves: Tanner Allison, LHP, 6-1/200, Western Michigan (Portland)
22nd round, Rockies: Daniel Jipping, OF, 6-2/232, Central Michigan (Canton)
23rd round, Mariners: Sam Delaplane, RHP, 5-11/175, Eastern Michigan
24th round, Rays: Jordyn Muffley, C, 6-1/195, Parkland College (Portage)
24th round, Angels: Harrison Wenson, C, 6-3/235, Michigan (Farmington Hills)
25th round, Mariners: Bryan Pall, RHP, 6-1/215, Michigan
27th round, Tigers: Jake Bivens, UT, 6-1/190, Michigan (Battle Creek)
27th round, Blue Jays: Sam Weatherly, LHP, 6-3/175, Howell HS
28th round, Mariners: Johnny Slater, CF, 6-1/185, Michigan (Southfield)
tpaul@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/tonypaul1984
(Adds earnings estimate, stock price, unit detail)
By Ernest Scheyder
HOUSTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. oil producer Chevron Corp posted a lower-than-expected quarterly profit on Friday as sales slumped in its international refining business, sending shares down nearly 2 percent.
The miss in profit comes the same day that rival Exxon Mobil Corp reported lower-than-estimated earnings, also due to trouble in its refining arm, fueling concerns a weak spot could be emerging in the industry just as oil prices rise.
Chevron posted fourth-quarter net income of $3.1 billion, or $1.64 per share, compared with $415 million, or 22 cents per share, a year ago. Chevron recorded a $2 billion noncash benefit in the period related to the recent U.S. tax overhaul.
Excluding the tax change and other one-time items, Chevron earned 72 cents per share. By that measure, analysts expected earnings of $1.22 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Production rose 3 percent to 2.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. Its international refining division recorded a 77 percent drop in profit due to lower margins on gasoline and other products.
Mike Wirth became Chevron's chairman and chief executive officer on Thursday, replacing the retiring John Watson.
The company is slated to hold a conference call with investors on Friday morning.
Chevron boosted its quarterly dividend this week by 4 percent.
Shares fell 1.8 percent to $123.25 in early trading. (Reporting by Ernest Scheyder; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Jeffrey Benkoe)
DETROIT -- The women's gymnastics coach at Michigan State University suddenly announced her retirement Tuesday, a day after she was suspended for what her boss described as her "passionate defense" of a sports doctor accused of sexually abusing female athletes for years.
Kathie Klages has also been mentioned in lawsuits by two women who claim she brushed off their complaints of abuse by Dr. Larry Nassar in the late 1990s.
Klages is "extremely distressed" by the allegations and would never do anything to put athletes in "harm's way," her attorney, Shirlee Bobryk, said in a statement.
"Out of respect to the university and the gymnastics program in particular, Ms. Klages believes it is in everyone's best interests for her to retire from her current position at MSU," Bobryk said.
It's one of the biggest developments on campus since Nassar was fired by Michigan State in September and more than two dozen women and girls filed lawsuits against him. In two separate criminal cases, he's charged with sexually abusing a girl at his Lansing-area home and possessing child pornography.
Nassar has pleaded not guilty and denied the assault allegations by female athletes in Michigan and elsewhere. He was also a longtime doctor with Indianapolis-based USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians.
Klages' suspension after 27 years as gymnastics coach was announced Monday without any elaboration from Michigan State. But the school shed more light Tuesday in a letter written by athletic director Mark Hollis, who acknowledged her retirement.
Hollis explained to Klages that she was suspended because of what he had learned about her Sept. 12 meeting with her gymnasts.
"You shared with the team your highly emotional sense of shock regarding the allegations against Dr. Nassar. That resulted in several student-athletes leaving the meeting feeling that they had received mixed messages," Hollis wrote.
"Others felt confused about who they could or should speak with about the situation. While I acknowledge you provided student-athletes with information about reporting to the Office of Institutional Equity, your passionate defense of Dr. Nassar created an emotionally charged environment for the team," Hollis said.
A message seeking comment about Hollis' letter wasn't immediately returned by Klages' attorney.
Earlier, Bobryk said Klages will cooperate fully in any police investigation of Nassar or lawsuits against him.
"Dr. Nassar was trusted by Ms. Klages to competently and ethically treat her team members. Had she ever received any information to cast doubt on the appropriateness of that trust in Dr. Nassar, she would have reacted immediately to protect her gymnasts," Bobryk said.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
GILMARTIN COGNETTI
SCRANTON — City council and school board members may form a joint committee to explore sharing services.
With the school district's dire financial problems and several new school directors, the time is ripe to take a hard look at whether there are services or functions the city and district can share or perform jointly, council members said.
Council members cited potential areas of sharing ranging from road salt purchases to information technology or engineering services, to name a few.
New Councilman Kyle Donahue, a former Scranton School Board member, said he spoke with Councilman Bill Gaughan and new school directors Paige Gebhardt Cognetti and Katie Gilmartin about forming an ad hoc committee to explore areas to share services.
“It's time that we explore innovative ways to control costs by eliminating duplicative services,” Gaughan said. “As the school district goes, so goes the city.”
The full school board has not yet discussed the idea, Cognetti said Tuesday. However, she envisions
the district's intergovernmental committee,on which she, Gilmartin and Paul Duffy sit, would participate in a joint committee with the city.
“For a long time, it seemed like they (the city and school district) operated in separate worlds,” Cognetti said. “It seems like a good time to form this working group.”
The district, under financial watch from the state, faces an estimated deficit of $40 million. The board voted last month to lay off 51 teachers and still must cut $4 million to balance the 2018 budget.
While the city and school district are separate, their financial situations, good or bad, affect each other, council members said. A Scranton property taxpayer pays both city and school taxes.
Though city finances stabilized in recent years, council members worry that a tanking school district could act as an overall drag on the city. Councilman Wayne Evans noted that because a school district affects a municipality's home ownership, economy and taxes, the city has a vested interest in seeing the district recover financially.
“We're all in this together,” Evans said.
City and school officials caution against setting sights too high for the ad hoc group. Sharing services won't be a cure-all of financial problems, they said, but the effort can't hurt.
“That's a big step, just to get in the same room,” Evans said. “It doesn't have to be a home run. Hit some singles.”
Even creating efficiencies or streamlining processes would be a win, Cognetti said.
“It's not that we'll save the city and district millions of dollars in 2018, but to see if there are wins we could get, even small things,” she said.
Donahue suggested the joint committee include two council members and a representative of the Courtright administration, and three school board members and a representative of the district administration. Donahue and Gaughan said they want to represent council on an ad hoc panel.
“We also should seriously explore providing services at a regional level,” Gaughan said.
Contact the writer: jlockwood@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5185;
@jlockwoodTT on Twitter
A startup called Caavo thinks it has a solution to the too-much-TV problem, with a device that brings together all the different streaming boxes and TV services you subscribe to. The company, which has raised $15 million in funding, provides a universal remote with voice control and a unified TV interface so users can search and discover all the TV content available to them.
Before we talk about Caavo, though, let's discuss the problem. For TV lovers, never before has there been so many TV shows, so many networks, so many video services, so many streaming boxes. And yet, though content is abundant, never has it been more difficult to find something worth watching.
This is not a new refrain, but it is one that has only become more pronounced with time.
The preponderance of original content from digital distributors like Netflix and Amazon has made having a streaming box or connected TV a necessity. But not every streaming box has every app, meaning sometimes two or three connected boxes are necessary to access everything you might want to watch. Add a set-top box or DVR to the mix, maybe a gaming system or two, and you've quickly run out of HDMI ports to plug things into.
For the modern TV addict, though, that is the least of one's worries. Having to switch inputs and launch different apps on different boxes is routine, while constantly swapping remotes has become the bane of one's existence.
Enter Caavo
Cavoo's device has eight HDMI inputs, which should satisfy all but the most fanatical TV watchers. Once plugged in, the system automatically recognizes what type of streaming box or game system it's connected to and adds them to its navigation.
Users tell Cavoo which streaming services they have subscribed to, and can even designate which device they'd prefer to access each on. (e.g. if you prefer to watch Netflix on your Xbox but like Amazon on your Fire TV.)
Once everything is set up, users can search or navigate their content through a voice-activated universal remote. To launch a particular piece of content, they just tell the remote to “watch” it. If it's something you've already been viewing, Caavo will pick up where you left off, or show you which services or apps you can watch it on.
A Neutral Approach
The Caavo founding team brings deep expertise in both hardware and media services, with decades of experience at companies like Jawbone, Sling, Microsoft Xbox, Harman and shufflr.tv.
The company was founded by the late Blake Krikorian, who helped introduced the concept of place-shifting to the TV industry through the creation of Sling Media. Before passing away last summer, Krikorian brought together a team that includes co-founders Andrew Einaudi, Ashish Aggarwal and Vinod Gopinath.
Together they hope to make it easier to navigate an increasingly fragmented media landscape and allow users to quickly and easily find what they want to watch.
To build the product, the Caavo team has raised $15 million from investors like Jason Krikorian at DCM, David Sze at Greylock, as well as Sky and Hearst Ventures.
Jason Krikorian, who founded Sling along with his brother Blake, told me that the idea of a unified ‘god box' has been around for a while — and that is was one of the product ideas they were thinking of building. The problem has only gotten worse since then, though.
One of the reasons the problem hasn't ben solved yet, is that every device manufacturer is jockeying for Input 1. Before building anything, Caavo's founders talked to MSOs, device manufacturers and service providers to show how they're going to make content more easily available to users.
“Caavo's approach is very purposefully trying to be neutral to all of these services and allowing the consumer to get faster access to all the content they want to get access to,” Krikorian said.
Meanwhile, Caavo marks the first media investment Greylock's Sze has made since putting money into Vudu back in 2006. For his part, he said he was interested in what Caavo was doing after seeing how big and complex the problem is, and how much worse it's gotten since then. He believes the time isright for this type of product in part because the industry has gotten more fragmented.
“I think it really is a matter of timing and fragmentation in the volume of apps and content sources that you have today… Two years ago you didn't have amazon making original programming, or netflix making original programming,” Sze said.
The Caavo device and remote will sell for $399, with pre-orders starting today. The company is planning to do a limited run of 5,000 and expects to ship to initial customers in the fall.
Agriculture ministry has sought data from banks for better targeting of agriculture credit. Photo: Indranil Bhoumik/Mint
New Delhi: Agriculture credit is growing every year and reached Rs10 trillion last fiscal, the government said on Tuesday while stressing upon the need to increase the flow to small farmers as well as providing loan access to tenant cultivators.
The agriculture ministry will soon bring a proposal before the cabinet for improving lending to small and marginal farmers based on the recommendations of the Sarangi committee.
“Agriculture credit flow is going up every year. We have achieved the disbursal target of Rs10 lakh crore in 2017-18 fiscal. The target for the current financial year has been enhanced to Rs11 lakh crore,” said Ashish Kumar Bhutani, joint secretary in ministry of agriculture.
On the sidelines of a conference, organised by industry body Ficci, he said disbursing agriculture credit is not a challenge but the challenge is to give it to right farmers. Bhutani said Rs6.8 trillion was short-term crop loans out of Rs10 trillion credit disbursed last fiscal.
In the short-term crop loans, he said 50% amount was provided to small and marginal farmers. He said the ministry has sought data from banks for better targeting of agriculture credit.
To provide credit access to lessee cultivators, he said government think tank NITI Aayog is working to find a suitable mechanism.
The demise of honey bee populations worldwide has become one of the most pressing ecological concerns of our time. Over the last decade, it's been estimated that some 30–70% European honey bee colonies have collapsed or disappeared, prompting fears of agricultural collapse due to the vital role honey bees play in pollinating crops. Scientists still aren't sure what the exact cause of colony collapse might be, although it is believed pesticides, genetically modified crops, or even electromagnetic radiation from cellphone towers might be factors.
To help stave off agricultural catastrophe, engineers around the world have begun tossing around ideas to create tiny drones which might pollinate crops in the absence of real bees. While this idea sounds like exactly like a recent Black Mirror episode, things got even more dystopian with the recent discovery of the filing of patent applications for robo-bee systems on behalf of retail giant and all-around nefarious corporation Walmart. What exactly might Walmart be up to?
The patent was found and posted online by CB Insights, a market research firm which leverages artificial intelligence to analyze trends and identify future disruptions. The patent describes a pretty straightforward centralized network which can control legions of tiny bee drones which go from flower to flower pollinating crops. The patent lists many variations of the same system of pollinating unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV), some of which do not require human control whatsoever:
In some embodiments, the UAV deployed in the exemplary system does not require physical operation by a human operator and wirelessly communicates with, and is wholly or largely controlled by, the computing device.
Hmm… hordes of tiny autonomous flying bee-bots controlled by the world's largest retailer…say it with me now: what could go wrong?
Walmart has already been aggressively pursuing the grocery market, and many analysts believe these patents show that the massive multinational corporation might be attempting to control the food supply chain. While many of us (myself included) tend to view anything Walmart does with disdain and loathing, CB Insights notes that such a drone bee system could help the retailer “manage crop yields more effectively” and “increase its emphasis on transparency and sustainability to attract shoppers.” Still, is it wise to allow a retailer to have so much control over such a vital part of our society? Time, as always, will tell.
Federer, who has participated in the Ohio warm-up tournament for the U.S. Open on seven occasions, said he had picked up the injury in Montreal, where he lost to Germany's Alexander Zverev in the final.
"I am very sorry to pull out of the Western and Southern Open as I always enjoy playing here," Federer said in a statement issued by the tournament.
"Cincinnati has some of the best fans in the world and I am sorry I will miss them. Unfortunately, I tweaked my back in Montreal and I need to rest this week."Federer's withdrawal assures that Nadal will be top of the rankings when they are issued on Aug. 21. The Spaniard will return to the top spot for the first time since July 6, 2014.
(Reporting by Simon Evans; editing by Mark Heinrich)
IT is not every day that arguably the two best teams in Europe embark on a tug-of-war to sign a footballer plying his trade in the second tier of English football.
Rewind the clock 30 years to the new year of 1987 and that was the scenario facing Ian Snodin, presented with the sort of mouth-watering choice that any aspiring player would have hankered for. Or so it would have seemed for Leeds United's midfield dynamo.
Kenny Dalglish and the late Howard Kendall beat a path to his door at a time when Liverpool and Everton were fighting like the squabbling siblings that they are, with the rivals at the top of the First Division.
Winning the race to sign Snodin, who had made considerable waves during a stint at Elland Road which has spanned just 18 months, was not quite as ferocious as the no-holds-barred action of a Merseyside derby.
But it was not too far behind even if Rotherham-born Snodin – working under the manager he loved in Billy Bremner who gave him his first chance at Doncaster Rovers – really did not want to leave Leeds, in his heart of hearts.
Yet, in the final analysis, money talked for the United hierarchy, at a time when Leeds were toiling in mid-table of the old Second Division, with the charms of the red and blue half of Merseyside ultimately proving persuasive.
A battle royale ensued between both ends of Stanley Park at a time when Liverpool was the footballing capital of England, with Manchester and London getting left behind.
It was Everton who won the day to sign ‘Snod', bringing him in for a hefty fee of £840,000. So Snodin's love affair with the Blues began – with the Yorkshireman making lifelong friends with some of the most revered footballing names of the Eighties at a club who played hard and socialised hard, too.
The move across the Pennines proved protracted in the extreme but despite having trepidation about moving to Merseyside, those doubts were some extinguished as he was welcomed into the bosom of the Evertonian family.
On the circumstances of his move, Snodin, who was brought to Elland Road by then Whites manager Eddie Gray for £200,000 in May, 1985, said: “Everton and Liverpool came in with bids of £650,000 and then £750,000 and it was me who told Billy I didn't want to go to either club, to be honest.
“But when both raised the bar to £840,000, I think it was taken out of Billy's and my hands and the chairman Leslie Silver said: ‘you've got to go.'
“So I had to go. But I felt I was also doing the club a favour as well because I thought that with the money they were getting for me – which was good money at the time – they could have bought in three or four players to push higher in the league and hopefully get promotion back to the First Division.
“But, in the end, Billy didn't get that much money in fairness. But everyone saw what happened when Howard (Wilkinson) took over, he got the money and took Leeds up and, hopefully, some of the money Leeds got for me went towards that.”
Snodin's time at Leeds may have been relatively brief, but it made a clear impact upon him, with Gray beating off interest from his former team-mate and then West Brom manager Johnny Giles to win the race to sign the highly-coveted midfielder from Doncaster – where scouts regularly packed out the directors' box at the old Belle Vue.
Snodin admitted to being distraught when Gray was shown the door at Elland Road, but the pain was tempered when Bremner took over the reins – with the legendary Scot being a real mentor to the young midfielder.
“I was absolutely devastated when Eddie left Leeds. Eddie was one of the main reasons why I signed. To be fair, I tried having a word with the chairman telling him that.
“But, obviously, they'd made their minds up. But if there was one person who I'd have wanted to take over from Eddie, it would have been Billy Bremner.
“Billy was an absolutely massive influence on my career – massive. He was like a second father to me and had me in at Doncaster when I was only 16. He made me club captain at 18, so I had the utmost respect for him.
“He couldn't do enough for me and I couldn't do enough for him on the field.”
Snodin continued: “I had a great time at Leeds, even though it was pretty short.
“Billy was fantastic. From the first day I signed for Doncaster until his funeral, I'll never forget him. He was unbelievable to me and what he did for his career.
“Not only that, he's was a world-class footballer – and to me, a world-class person; he was just like a dad to me.
“What a player. Even if there were five inches of mud at training, he'd turn up with a pair of trainers and we'd have long studs on and he'd still have better balance than any of us!
“I remember my medical at Leeds lasted two days. And after signing for Everton, I thought it's going to be the same and so meticulous.
“But I was literally there half-an-hour. It was a case of ‘you have turned them (Liverpool) down and you are signing no matter what!' No matter if I'd walked in on one leg, I think he'd still have signed me!
“I only had 18 months at Leeds, but loved every minute of it. I became club captain under Billy, which was a great honour and had a great rapport with the fans in the short time I was there.
“I hope I did okay for the supporters at Leeds. I know they didn't want me to leave and, to be fair, I didn't.
“There's no better place in the country than playing at Elland Road when it's packed.
“The fans were a credit to the club and the city when I was there – and still are – taking thousands of fans to every away ground even though were down the leagues.
“We weren't really challenging for honours or amongst it (at the top), when I was there and were mid-table.
“But I just used to love running out at Elland Road, the white kit was special and I thoroughly enjoyed my time there.”
“Although I didn't want to leave, it was a great choice to have – Everton or Liverpool – and if I hadn't done so well at Leeds, they wouldn't have come in.
“It was a massive decision. Both clubs were as good as each other at the time. To be wanted by both was fantastic, they weren't just the top two teams in England, but probably the top two teams in Europe at that time.
“I chose Everton. In my eyes, it was the right decision and always will be to this day – although a lot of people said I made the wrong choice. But I totally enjoyed my time at Goodison.”
A heaving Thohoyandou Stadium roared Black Leopards back into the Premier Soccer League for the first time in a half-decade with the Limpopo team's dramatic 1-0 promotion-relegation playoff win against Jomo Cosmos on Wednesday.
Leopards went to an unassailable eight points to guarantee the Limpopo team's return to the PSL.
The remaining game between Cosmos and already-relegated Platinum Stars‚ both on two points‚ at Vosloorus Stadium on Saturday is academic as neither can win the group to either be promoted or steer clear of relegation.
Leopards won in front of a packed Thohoyandou Stadium‚ their supporters out in force hoping to view their team's return to the PSL first-hand.
The final whistle produced stirring scenes of celebration on the pitch and in the stands.
Leopards had spent five years in the National First Division (NFD)‚ during which time they perennially reached the promotion playoffs and fallen at that last hurdle.
They had spent nine seasons in the PSL before their relegation as the last-placed team in 2012-13.
Cosmos finished third in the NFD and Leopards second‚ 19 points behind behind automatically promoted runaway champions Highlands Park.
Platinum Stars reached the playoffs finishing second-last in the PSL‚ though only after Ajax Cape Town had points deducted over the Tendai Ndoro eligibility saga.
The crowd was a factor in a focused‚ keyed up Leopards muscling past Jomo Sono's Cosmos. But Lidoda Duvha‚ structured by prominent Limpopo coach Joel Masutha and spearheaded by their big Zambian striker Mwape Musonda‚ have also just been the best of the three teams in the playoffs.
If anything the pressure resulted in a somewhat nervy display from Leopards on Wednesday‚ though in the end they did enough for a solid victory.
Cosmos‚ in the second half especially‚ made Leopards fight for their promotion.
Leopards scored the goal that produced a roar from the crowd that shook Thohoyandou when Mwape Musonda's cross from the left found Karabo Tshepe free of his markers to strike a first-time volley past goalkeeper King Ndlovu.
Cosmos had a golden opportunity to equalise almost immediately when‚ three minutes later‚ Tebogo Makobela's shot was deflected into the path of Sphesihle Nzimande‚ all alone in space on the left‚ who skewed a shot wide
when it would have been easier to hit the target.
A minute before the end of the half Marks Munyai's run down the right drew Ndlovu out of his goalmouth‚ as the influential Leopards right-back crossed to find Tshepe‚ Cosmos centreback Thato Lingwathi scrambling a challenge to deny a certain second.
Leopards tried to press home the advantage at the start of the second half‚ Munyai blasing over from a promising position.
Centreback Khomotso Masia headed a lot closer from a corner.
Leopards goalkeeper Rotshidzwa Muleka produced an excellent 64th-minute save to keep out Nzimande's header‚ and his team in the lead.
Cosmos‚ as could be expected from a team playing for a place in the PSL‚ gave everything‚ and their late resurgence made for an awkward last half-hour for Leopards and their superb crowd.
Ultimately‚ though‚ Leopards contained them.
And two spectacular late saves by Ndlovu denied the home team a 90th-minute doubling of the scoreline.
Playoff results -
May 16: Black Leopards 1 Platinum Stars 0
May 20: Jomo Cosmos 2 Black Leopards 2
May 23: Platinum Stars 0 Jomo Cosmos 0
May 26: Platinum Stars 2 Black Leopards 2
Wednesday: Black Leopards X Jomo Cosmos X
Fixture -
Saturday: Jomo Cosmos v Platinum Stars
The AGO's dazzling new Georgia O'Keeffe show, an intimate opera performance and six other things to see, do, hear and read this week
The AGO's dazzling new Georgia O'Keeffe show, an intimate opera performance and six other things to see, do, hear and read this week
A sweeping ode to one of modernism's late greats
The AGO follows its Lawren Harris showcase with another blockbuster dedicated to a 20th-century icon: Georgia O'Keeffe. The landmark exhibition chronicles her evolution from little-known abstract expressionist to the so-called Mother of American Modernism through 100 works in her trademark styles: undulating blooms, sun-bleached animal skulls, geometric skyscrapers and flowing New Mexico landscapes. It also provides a glimpse into O'Keeffe's personal life through a series of black-and-white portraits taken by her husband, the photographer Alfred Stieglitz. Saturday, April 22 to Sunday, July 30. AGO.
A day of Canadian cinema
Proving that there's more to our national cinema than just Strange Brew and Sicilian Vampire, National Canadian Film Day brings a spectrum of films and filmmakers to theatres across the city. Some of the highlights: Don McKellar talks Last Night at the Revue; Vincenzo Natali skypes in for Cube at the Royal; Robert Lantos introduces Barney's Version at the Toronto Jewish Film Foundation; Kazik Radwanski discusses Tower at the Carlton; and McKellar and Colm Feore present Thirty-Two Short Films About Glenn Gould at the TIFF Bell Lightbox. Tuesday, April 18. Various venues.
A spooky Toronto-set novel
Barbara Gowdy writes neo-Gothic psychodrama like no other Canadian. Little Sister, her first novel in a decade, is the spectral tale of a rep-cinema owner from Toronto who finds herself slipping into another person's consciousness after a thunderstorm—like ­Being John Malkovich, with a literary twist. Tuesday, April 18. HarperCollins.
An evening with artists
AGO Creative Minds at Massey Hall returns with an eclectic lineup of talent to discuss art, politics, and how they intersect. Artist Christi Belcourt, architect David Adjaye, author Junot Díaz, and CanCon king Paul Gross join moderator Matt Galloway, plus musical guest Whitehorse. (Hopefully someone will ask Gross about Gunless.) Friday, April 21. $19.50-$79.50, Massey Hall.
The city's buzziest soul singer
With apologies to Drake and Rihanna, the best 2016 song called “Work” belonged to another Torontonian: Charlotte Day Wilson. The sexy organ-driven track is the centrepiece of Wilson's debut EP, CDW, a soulful R&B effort that's quickly turned her into one of the city's most sought-after musical exports. Apple used her music in an iPhone commercial, Netflix put a song in their series Grace and Frankie, and L.A. indie rockers Local Natives took her on tour. In these back-to-back homecoming gigs, she'll simmer through her sparse repertoire and give fans a taste of what's next. Wednesday, April 19 and Thursday, April 20. Mod Club.
Opera and dinner, all in one place
Wouldn't it be nice to hear great opera without being stuck in Ring 5? For Popera (Pop-Up Opera), the Canadian Opera Company teams up with Drake One Fifty to showcase rising stars from the COC Ensemble Studio in an intimate setting. This low-key/high-art event features a three-course dinner as the grand finale. Saturday, April 22. $50. Drake One Fifty.
A gritty, ultra-Canadian graphic novel
When he's not drawing X-Men comics for Marvel, Jeff Lemire creates gritty graphic novels. His latest, Roughneck, is a dose of blue-collar Canadiana about a grizzled ex–hockey player who reconnects with his troubled sister in a remote northern Ontario hunting camp. Tuesday, April 18. Simon and Schuster.
Free concerts at Sonic Boom
If you make only one pilgrimage on Record Store Day, make it to Sonic Boom. On this annual celebration of independent retailers, Toronto's most beloved music store will host in-store performances by Luka, Sahara, and Lonely Parade—plus the usual array of deals and exclusive releases. Saturday, April 22. Sonic Boom.
Last week when Carolina Panthers cornerback James Bradberry fractured his wrist, the initial reports estimated that he'd be wearing a cast for the next six weeks. As it turns out, it will be closer to six days.
According to Jourdan Rodrigue at the Charlotte Observer, Bradberry's cast will come off after tomorrow's practice:
Cast comes off after practice tomorrow, said James Bradberry (to clarify) — Jourdan Rodrigue (@JourdanRodrigue) June 14, 2017
Bradberry suffered the injury last Monday when he accidentally collided with middle linebacker Luke Kuechly, who pulled off an interception on the play.
Whatever happened, it must not have been too serious because the very next day Bradberry was back on the field:
This is interesting: cast on, helmet in hand, James Bradberry is ready to practice pic.twitter.com/F0m5efqosI — Bill Voth (@PanthersBill) June 6, 2017
Ever since, Bradberry has been balling out even with the cast on.
During today's mandatory minicamp practice, Bradberry snagged a diving interception during a two-minute drill against the first-string offense. He also nearly had another one:
Bradberry (cast on his left hand & all) breaks up out route to Funchess during team drill. Bradberry picks off an errant pass moment later. — Max Henson (@PanthersMax) June 14, 2017
James Bradberry almost pulled in a pick as cam yelled "OH MY GOD"…bobbled it last second. (The dude does only have one hand). — Jourdan Rodrigue (@JourdanRodrigue) June 14, 2017
Even for June drills, that's pretty impressive.
The more we see of Bradberry, the more it seems like he's going to be a special kind of cornerback. Keep your eyes on this one.
Aug 11 (Reuters) - First Solar Inc-
* First Solar awarded 241MW module supply contract for Edify energy solar projects in Australia Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Vodafone Group Plc:
* VODAFONE ANNOUNCEMENT REGARDING MEDIA SPECULATION
* ‍CONFIRMS THAT IT IS IN EARLY STAGE DISCUSSIONS WITH LIBERTY GLOBAL REGARDING POTENTIAL ACQUISITION OF CERTAIN OVERLAPPING CONTINENTAL EUROPEAN ASSETS OWNED BY LIBERTY GLOBAL​
* VODAFONE IS NOT IN DISCUSSION WITH LIBERTY GLOBAL REGARDING A COMBINATION OF BOTH COMPANIES
* ‍THERE IS NO CERTAINTY THAT ANY TRANSACTION WILL BE AGREED, NOR AS TO TERMS, TIMING OR FORM OF ANY TRANSACTION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
PanARMENIAN.Net - The Syrian Arab Army has fully linked up its two fronts in Aleppo and Idlib provinces after capturing two final towns north of the Abu Duhur military airport, Al-Masdar News reports.
Military-affiliated sources said on Friday, February 2 that troops of the Syrian army's elite Tiger Forces Division seized the towns of Ziyart Samaan and Tal Mamou in southwest Aleppo province.
The latest advance has seen the elite formation meet up with Syrian Army Republican Guard units at the nearby town of Kafr Haddad (itself being captured in recent days) and thus merge what was once technically two separate operations by two different battle-groups into a single front.
Moreover, the seizure of Ziyart Samaan and Tal Mamou brings the total number of towns and villages reclaimed by pro-government forces in the area of the Idlib-Aleppo provincial border to almost 30 since they re-started offensive operations with the support of heavy aerial bombardment by Syrian and Russian warplanes three days ago.
A few years back, I wrote about the way we communicate with our technology. It was obvious even then that a big game-changer would be enabling a reliable conversational interaction with technology in order to overcome the friction humans experience when we use our modern tools, be they apps, phones, cars or semi-autonomous coffee makers. Too much typing and swiping and app management crowds our experiences with our connected “things.”
To some degree, this game-changer has come to pass.
Voice interaction is now a big part of technology interface in everything from smartphones to virtual assistant/smart speaker products to connected home and vehicle solutions — and so it will be going forward. While this is marked progress, it is not really “conversation.”
For the most part, the state of voice interaction is more akin to commanding a four-year-old to do your bidding than having a useful, rich conversation with a friend or assistant. As we continue to minimize friction and advance usability of technology via voice, it is clear that more is needed. I'll predict right here that the next big game-changer in technology interface is ambient contextuality.
Ambient contextuality hinges on the idea that there is information hidden all around us that helps clarify our intent in any given conversation. Answering the simple questions of whom, what, where and when is now easier than ever as IoT continues to mine and mind the data of our lives. I once sketched out a derivative needs pyramid for IoT devices using the example of Maslow's hierarchy of needs pyramids to chart a course for “thing-actualization,” whereby our technology could use analytics, learned logic and predictive behavior to establish groups and networks of things and enable other more “complex” things. The voice interfaces and natural-language processing technology on display in interactive speakers such as Amazon's Alexa or Apple's Homepod are examples of this actualization in action — predictive analytics and machine learning imbued into objects and interfaces to technology that collect data and collectively power progressively complex functions, often in real time.
But it is still not conversation. There is a new, nascent communications triangle between people, processes and things that fuels usability, and it still has a bit of its own growing up to do.
Deeper questions like how and why are also key to conversation for humans. To achieve truly conversational interactions, one or many of the answers to these questions not only need to be captured, but also learned and retained. Recently, Google has made some good strides into this for targeted types of online search. But we have to do much more before something akin to natural conversation emerges.
Establishing ambient contextuality to enable the kinds of conversations we do want to have is the actual end goal of all this connected stuff.
Most human conversation is abridged. Known quantities may not even be discussed, but they are deeply factored into interaction. A simple example is shifting from nouns and proper names to pronouns. “I asked about Dave's vacation and Jen said she'd take him to the airport to kick it off right.” This may seem like a small thing, but think about how unnatural a conversation is when you cannot use human “shorthand.” Referring to every subject in every sentence by its proper name quickly becomes as uncomfortable as it is unnatural.
A simple definition of a conversation is an informal exchange of sentiment and ideas, and it's the way people naturally communicate with each other. Informal conversation is contextual, cohesive and comprehensive. It involves a lot of storytelling. It ebbs and flows, jumps around in time and tense, references shared experience or knowledge to exchange new experiences and knowledge. It is inference infused and doesn't require adherence to strict conventions. But this is pretty much the exact opposite of the way “things” are designed to communicate. Machine communication is specific to whatever technology drives it and is based on code. It is binary, resource-constrained, inflexible, standalone, purely informational and lacks context. It is rigid and formal. It is very much not storytelling.
This elemental difference in communication creates a usability gap, which we have traditionally bridged by forcing people to learn to “speak” machine — download a new app to control every new device, use this set of wake words or language constructs for one device and an entirely different set for another, update, update, update, and if-this-then-that for everything. It's why so many “things” end up thrown in a drawer after two weeks, never to be used again. This is not the kind of conversation humans want to have.
Putting aside the creepiness factor and important privacy issues surrounding devices that constantly collect information about us, establishing ambient contextuality to enable the kinds of conversations we do want to have is the actual end goal of all this connected stuff. The aim is to smooth our experiences with our technology throughout the day and blur the seams enough to feel natural to us.
The challenge now is to make our machines “speak” human — to imbue them with context and inference and informality so that conversation flows naturally. DARPA has been working on it. So, too, Amazon and Google. In fact, most technology efforts are concerned with reducing interface friction. Improving the quality of our conversation is key to achieving that goal.
Development on IoT, augmented and mixed reality, Assistive Intelligence (my term for AI, but that's an entirely different conversation) and even the miniaturization and extension properties on display in mobility and power advancements are all examples of the quest for that quality. Responsibly developed ambient contextuality, and ultimately natural conversation, will be better enabled by these technologies, and our lives will become much more conversational soon. Once we experience reliable and useful conversations with our technological world, I think we will all be hooked.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. -- Former Iowa State coach Kevin Jackson has been hired by USA Wrestling.
The governing body announced Wednesday that Jackson will be a developmental coach for the men's freestyle team.
Former Iowa State coach and 1992 Olympic champion Kevin Jackson has been hired by USA Wrestling. AP Photo/Charlie Neibergall
Jackson was an Olympic champion at the Barcelona Olympics in 1992, and he also won two world titles. Jackson later served as the national freestyle coach from 2000 to 2008, helping Cael Sanderson and Henry Cejudo take home Olympic gold medals.
Jackson was let go by Iowa State at the end of last season after the Cyclones lost their last 10 dual meets.
Jackson will work alongside national team coach Bill Zadick.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 3:04 pm |
NEW YORK (AP) - Stocks are rallying Monday as the tensions between the U.S. and North Korea that flared last week appeared to ease. Technology companies and banks are making some of the largest gains as stocks bounce back from their losses with some of the biggest gains the market has seen this year. All 11 industrial groups in the Standard & Poor's 500 index are moving higher.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 jumped 24 points, or 1 percent, to 2,466 as of 1 p.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 144 points, or 0.7 percent, to 22,003. The Nasdaq composite added 80 points, or 1.3 percent, to 6,336. The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies climbed 18 points, or 1.3 percent, to 1,392.
Last week was the worst for stocks since late March, as the S&P 500 fell more than 1.4 percent. Rising tensions between the U.S. and North Korea startled investors out of the complacency that has weighed on the stock market for most of this year. That eased Monday after officials said fighting is not imminent. The top U.S. military officer said the country wants to resolve the standoff peacefully.
Thursday was the worst day for stocks since mid-May, and Monday is shaping up to be the best day since late April.
LEADERS: Technology stocks outpaced the rest of the market. Apple added $1.85, or 1.2 percent, to $159.33; and Microsoft picked up $1.05, or 1.4 percent, to $73.55. Western Digital advanced $2.57, or 3.2 percent, to $82.47.
Chipmaker Nvidia rebounded after two days of sharp losses. It rose $8.95, or 5.7 percent, to $164.92. Competitors like Micron Technology and Analog Devices also rose.
NEW BUYER NETS NEFF: Equipment rental company Neff said it received a buyout offer worth $25 per share, or $596 million. It did not say who made the offer, but Neff said its board has decided the new offer is superior to a bid from H&E Equipment Services that the company accepted last month. H&E Equipment has the right to match the new offer and is entitled to a breakup payment if Neff it acquired by another company. Neff climbed $4.05, or 18.5 percent, to $25.90. H&E's offer valued Neff at $21.07 a share.
H&E Equipment lost 40 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $21.19.
FRIENDLY NABORS: Drilling technology developer Tesco said it will be acquired by drilling contractor Nabors Industries in an all-stock deal. The companies said Tesco is being valued at $4.62 a share. Tesco added 50 cents, or 12.8 percent, to $4.40. Nabors lost 15 cents, or 2.2 percent, to $6.65.
STICKER SHOCK? Fiat Chrysler climbed after Automotive News reported that a Chinese carmaker offered to buy the company. It did not identify that company and said Fiat Chrysler rejected the offer because it wasn't high enough, but investors hoped another bid would come. Fiat Chrysler stock gained $1.06, or 9.2 percent, to $12.67.
TARGET'S GRAND PLAN: Retailer Target is buying a delivery logistics company to help it offer same-day delivery service to in-store shoppers. The company did not say how much it will pay for Grand Junction, a firm that connects retailers with about 700 delivery companies around the country that pick up items from distribution centers and take them to customers. It is already testing same-day delivery at a New York store.
Target stock climbed 80 cents, or 1.5 percent, to $55.83.
BONDS: Bond prices turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.21 percent from 2.19 percent late Friday. That helped banks, as higher bond yields mean higher interest rates and greater profits on mortgages and other loans.
Bank of America climbed 53 cents, or 2.2 percent, to $24.39; and JPMorgan Chase gained $1.27, or 1.4 percent, to $92.70.
ENERGY: U.S. crude oil lost 91 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $47.91 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, shed $1.04, or 2 percent, to $51.06 a barrel in London. Energy companies were little changed.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 109.45 yen from 109.04 yen. The euro fell to $1.1796 from $1.1824.
OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX jumped 1.3 percent, and the CAC 40 in France gained 1.2 percent. In Britain, the FTSE 100 index added 0.6 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index jumped 1.4 percent, and the South Korean Kospi rose 0.6 percent. Japanese stocks fell sharply as investors played catch-up after an extended holiday weekend. The Nikkei ended 1 percent lower.
The year of their appearance together at the Winter Olympics in PyeongChang began at the local McDonald's restaurant for the Summerhayes sisters of Sheffield.
Molly, 20, was working there, having volunteered for the New Year's Eve all-nighter – the gravest of graveyard shifts few people her age would ever put their hand up for.
Katie, 22, was there, she confesses, to mock her sister, though it is safe to assume that the bond between them is so strong that the elder sibling had pitched up to keep her younger sister company as 2017 became 2018.
Fast-forward just five weeks and the Summerhayes girls will depart London next week for South Korea and the pinnacle of any young athlete's career, the chance to represent their country at an Olympic game, which begin on Friday.
The paths these two freestyle skiers from Sheffield have taken to this point have been similar in origin, even if a few forks in the road have seen them drift apart before reconverging in PyeongChang.
Both learnt the sport at the dry ski slopes in Sheffield, developing an unwavering passion for freestyle skiing among a group of like-minded adrenalin-junkies at the Sharks Ski Club, and a talent for it on the artifical halfpipe that was unique on British slopes.
Great Britain's Katie Summerhayes following her second run in the Ladies Ski Slopestyle Final during the 2014 Sochi Olympic Games in Krasnaya Polyana, Russia.
Both travelled Europe as teenagers on the back of their parents' support before Katie's career accelerated under the umbrella of UK Sport funding and sponsorship.
She made her Olympic debut in Sochi, finishing seventh as skiing slopestyle – a downhill run which rewards competitors for the difficulty and execution of jumps and tricks off a range of obstacles – made an exciting introduction to the Olympic programme.
Molly's journey has been tougher. No funding from UK Sport, allied with little or no sponsorship, means that when not competing across the world, she finances her career and her Olympic bid in the skiing halfpipe by flipping burgers and serving Big Macs at the local McDonald's. Not that she begrudges having to do so.
“I couldn't ask for a better job,” says the younger Summerhayes with a smile.
We still race each other up the stairs. Molly Summerhayes on her sibling rivalry
“McDonald's have been fantastic with me. They give me all the time off I need and are really supportive.
“My friends used to come in and laugh at me, but I'm all right with that.
“I even worked the New Year's Eve overnighter. So I was at work when it turned 2018. Katie came in trying to show me up.
“A lot of my friends and colleagues have got an interest in what I do, asking if I've qualified for the Olympics so it was nice going in the day after selection telling them I've made it.
“To them, I'm just a friend who works at McDonald's, so to know someone going to the Olympics has got them really excited and it's made me even more excited as well.”
Such is her enthusiasm for the job that even a successful Olympics which might finally secure her a slice of the funding pie would not tempt her to quit the day job.
Because a taste of life on the athlete's breadline has given Molly a greater appreciation of what she has accomplished.
“It has been quite difficult without funding, I won't lie,” says the 2015 junior world champion. “But I don't have a chip on my shoulder about it.
“I like going to work, it's a nice break when I come back from a trip, I get to see all my friends and I couldn't imagine not working now. I know things have been tougher for me because of that, but I know that other people even with funding still struggle with money.”
Not that Katie has had it all her own way. Money may not have been a problem, but that other intangible – injury – has kept her progress in check.
In 2014, she arrived in Sochi having undergone two operations on a knee injury and faced a race against time to make it to the Games. Seventh place in the final, therefore, represented a huge success.
Four years and a world championship silver medal later, and injury again has blighted her build-up.
“I've not been injured for four years and now I've been injured twice before the Olympics,” says Katie, who did not ski for six weeks as she rehabilitated an ankle injury. “It's frustrating but I'm working as hard as I can. I didn't really have time to get down about it.”
The chance to represent Team GB alongside one another proved a huge incentive for both in the race for selection; for Katie as she battled injury, and for Molly as she scraped the funds together to keep her qualification hopes alive.
“To have Molly with me this time is great. I love that we'll be able to support each other,” says Katie. “I told Molly all about the experiences I had last time and it's fantastic that she now gets to live it with me. I've just told her to take as much from the experience as she can.”
“Watching Katie in Sochi,” continues Molly, “made me realise how much I wanted to go to an Olympics.
“I wasn't competing at the World Cup circuit at that stage but seeing her there, the experiences she got, made me realise how much I wanted it.
“For it to have become a reality for us both is amazing.”
That they are not competing against each other is a blessing.
Competitive as any siblings are – “We still race each other up the stairs,” laughs Molly – they know they can concentrate on their own event before fully supporting the other in their chosen discipline.
Katie contests slopestyle on the second weekend of the Games, with Molly on the halfpipe two days later.
“I used to do both but because I tore my ACL before Sochi, I had to focus on one event, and that was slopestyle,” says Katie.
Molly adds: “I travelled around Europe competing in all the slopestyle events when I was 15, 16 and at the last event it was halfpipe and afterwards I rang my Dad and said: ‘I think halfpipe is what I want to compete in'.
“I thought he'd be mad, but he said it's still skiing and whatever you want we'll support you.
“We wouldn't be where we are today without our mum and dad.”
That support has been crucial, for both girls.
Richard Summerhayes and his wife will not be in PyeongChang because of the cost of flying themselves out there.
Instead, they will have to make do with staying up until 1am to watch it on the television.
“We could not be prouder of the pair of them,” says Richard.
“They deserve this opporunity because of the hard work they have put in and it's nice to know that they're out there together, looking after each other.”
Even if that means doing so from separate rooms.
“We've asked not to share a room because we bicker too much,” laughs Katie.
“We could go months on end without seeing each other then we'll be together for one week doing one competition and by the end of the week we'll be sick of each other and ready to go our separate ways again.
“We'll still be close but not in the same room – we're happy with that.”
PanARMENIAN.Net - Turkish and U.S. forces will jointly take over the northern Syrian city of Manbij after the pullout of Kurdish militia, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu said, according to Al-Masdar News.
“A roadmap for the Syrian city of Manbij may be implemented before the end of this summer if a deal is reached between Turkey and the U.S.”, Çavuşoğlu added.
“Taking over the city will last until a new administration is formed as per an agreement with the United States”, he commented.
The U.S. State Department denied reaching an agreement with Turkey on this issue, said that talks are still ongoing.
The Turkish diplomat's statements have also been refuted by the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights by confirming that the Kurdish forces haven't yet withdrawn from the city.
In the same context, spokesman of the Manbij Military Council, Shervan Derwish, described the statements as ‘fake', denying any Kurdish withdrawal.
The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces, supported by coalition airstrikes, captured the city from the Islamic State on August 2016 after 2-month assault.
Russian publishing houses will be involved in replication of textbooks in Kyrgyzstan . The Ministry of Education and Science informed 24.kg news agency.
According to the representatives of the ministry, the situation with the provision of primary schools with new textbooks looks more or less favorable.
More than 30 types of new generation textbooks for 5-9 grades are being tested.
«Writing a book is a very complicated procedure that takes time. We need appropriate authors. Why should we reinvent the wheel? If we do not have any books, we can look at well-proven textbooks in other countries. We found a solution, and there are already preliminary agreements with two Russian publishing houses. Since January, we will work on the issue of publishing Russian textbooks, but adapted to our conditions. Representative offices of these publishing houses will be able to participate in our competitions,» the Ministry of Education explained.
Secondary schools are 83 percent provided with textbooks. In 2010, this figure was 58 percent.
Muhammad Nadeem Bhatti
TAXATION refers to compulsory or coercive money collection by a levying authority, usually a government. The term “taxation” applies to all types of involuntary levies, from income to capital gains to estate taxes. Though taxation can be a noun or verb, it is usually referred to as an act; the resulting revenue is usually called taxes. In economics way, a leakage is a diversion of funds from some iterative process. For example, in the Keynesian depiction of the circular flow of income and expenditure, leakages are the non-consumption uses of income, including saving, taxes, and imports. In this model, leakages are equal in quantity to injections of spending from outside the flow at the equilibrium aggregate output.
The model is best viewed as a circular flow between national income, output, consumption, and factor payments. Savings, taxes, and imports are leaked out of the main flow, reducing the money available in the rest of the economy. Imported goods are one way this may happen, transferring money earned in the country to another one. Leakage is a common problem involving TNCs (Transnational corporations). Large companies have factories or production facilities in less developed countries, these factories create wealth for the company which is then not transferred to the economy of the host country and instead to that of the corporation involved. The economic value of goods and/or profits lost here is leakage.
Pakistan is a country having the total population of taxpayer more than 12 hundred thousand registered companies. The need of the hour is to bring maximum companies into the tax registration to get rid of IMF because there is a big loss in economic stability due to the worst kind of reduction of Pak rupee with compare to US dollars. It was the highest jump towards reduction of Pakistani currency to get devaluate. Passive policies could not stabilize the values of export and agriculture. Although Pakistan is known as agricultural country and the 70 % of total area of Pakistan is cultivated with different seasonal crops.
As an instrument of national policy, the individual income tax has played different roles in different countries at different times. In most countries it has been used to redirect economic decisions through preferential treatment of various activities. It can also act as a stabilizer against economic fluctuations because its effect on purchasing power varies inversely with changes in income and employment. Regarding income taxes on corporations, nearly all countries assess them, but the provisions and rates differ widely. Since industrialized countries generally have larger corporate sectors than less-developed countries, corporation income taxes in developed countries tend to be greater in relation to national income and total government revenue—except in major mineral-producing areas of less-developed countries.
Motivational activities have always played vital rule to convince a person to deposit a selective amount from his gross money towards government revenue collectors or collection centers. In this regard industrialist wants peaceful atmosphere, each and everything equalized and some better occasions to promote his product in the sense of export to enhance the GDP of existing country. Moreover tax motivationalist always tries their best to show a horrible face of FBR and tax collection values and route. So they alarm them to must be given under hand something to them regarding this Act, they will handle all the hurdles coming toward him from tax department. Planning and development are necessity to enhance good progress of an assignment.
FBR has made the law article 38 with police and magisterial powers they can enter into a centre by hook or crook generating the worst pressure upon industrialist so he felt this ridiculous practice as his full insult upon this fist. Although the members do not corporate with them moreover these are the first face of taxpayer person whom pays withholding sale tax and all more taxes to the Department. This worst impression does not leave a good impression upon taxpayer so he decided that department is a cunning enemy which exploits the tax payer. If he makes a comparison with other countries a taxpayer given valuable respect in those societies. But in Pakistan there are different kinds of taxes and different kind of tax payer like steel mills which work twenty four hours. First official shift depends upon 9 to 5 which shows that they produce a certain level of steel. In this practice they have to face the worst kind of load shedding but as soon the official time of department come over they start their mills by the power of heavy generators.
For Department the only accountability to access their tax and working capacity is their billing meters. So they had to access their approximate 5 hour working capacity for the taxable goods to be paid as a tax. But the remaining hours which are the most running hours are automatically disguised by the department because the department time is 9 to 5. Although this trick of crown the members of department has advised them strictly In this regard they don't forget to receive their monthly payments from these Steel mills. Tax leakage refers to losses of revenue through the multitude of loopholes that riddle the financial system. For example, if a country hikes a particular tax, then people will scramble to shuffle round their assets and income in order to avoid it. Or they may simply move them offshore, meaning Government revenue will leak away. To enhance the better values to collection of taxes from industrialist to a common man there must be given them privilege and industry of the month and year awards.
But FBR still does not understand these facts of earth which can enhance their value too. People are crying to collect their VAT (value addition tax) but department does not take it seriously. So the capital of industrialist get shrink but he had to pay not less than previous tax returns. In this case if in other ways they have to face their name into scrutiny system.
—The writer is Chairman of Pakistan Columnist Council. He can be reached at [email protected]
© Ohanian
The investigators hypothesized that the attacker was a lonely American who had wanted to kill people with anthrax for some undefined time period, but then became "mission oriented" following 9/11 and immediately prepared and mailed the deadly spores while pretending to be a Muslim.
Mueller's FBI honed in on Steven Hatfill as the culprit - a "flag-waving" American, who had served in the Army, then dedicated himself to protecting America from bioterrorist threats by working in the United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases.
There was no direct link from Hatfill to the attacks, by the FBI's own admission, and the bureau never charged Hatfill. The FBI did however spy on, follow, and harass him non-stop for years. The Department of Justice also publicly outed Hatfill as the possible terrorist.
While Hatfill's dignity and life was being trampled on by America's secret police, Mueller took a stand. But on a different topic. He made front page news for threatening President Bush he would resign over NSA policy. All while his own team was trampling on the rights of an American in the FBI's largest-ever investigation.
Hatfill successfully sued the government for its unlawful actions. He won almost $6 million dollars.
The special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, has subpoenaed the Trump Organization to turn over documents, including some related to Russia, according to two people briefed on the matter. The order is the first known time that the special counsel demanded documents directly related to President Trump's businesses, bringing the investigation closer to the president.
The breadth of the subpoena was not clear, nor was it clear why Mr. Mueller issued it instead of simply asking for the documents from the company, an umbrella organization that oversees Mr. Trump's business ventures. [...]
The Trump Organization has said that it never had real estate holdings in Russia, but witnesses recently interviewed by Mr. Mueller have been asked about a possible real estate deal in Moscow. In 2015, a longtime business associate of Mr. Trump's emailed Mr. Trump's lawyer Michael Cohen at his Trump Organization account claiming he had ties to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and said that building a Trump Tower in Moscow would help Mr. Trump's presidential campaign.
For months, The Gateway Pundit has been reporting on Special Counsel Robert Mueller's flaws exhibited in both the investigation into alleged Trump-Russia collusion during the 2016 presidential election and his personal track record as an attorney.On Saturday evening, media icon Matt Drudge reminded us all why Mueller is "hardly a saint."According to Los Angeles Times reporter David Willman, Mueller's "tenacious yet linear approach to evaluating evidence led him to fumble the biggest U.S. terrorism investigation since 9/11."The case? Mueller personally oversaw the FBI's investigation into the "2001 anthrax letter attacks that took five lives and infected 17 other people."The Federalist reported Drudge, seemingly concerned about the Mueller probe's direction, is asking his millions of readers if the time has come to fire the special counsel.This week, Mueller crossed President Trump's " red line " after issuing a subpoena for documents related to the Trump Organization's business dealings with Russia.New York Times reports Recently, Mueller's Russia probe took yet another unpredictable turn after the special counsel invoked the unusual "conspiracy to defraud the government," charge that "could use the same legal strategy to go after President Trump and his associates, even if the conspiracy is not linked to a criminal act," The Washington Times reports.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):Minister for Water Resources, Syed Ali Zafar Wednesday said all associated government departments must be watchful and increase coordination to disseminate real time information during upcoming raining season.
He was chairing 53rd annual meeting of Federal Flood Commission to review arrangements made by the provinces and federal line agencies for safe passage of monsoon season 2018.
Secretary Water Resources, Chief Engineering Advisor/Chairman, Federal Flood Commission and senior officers of concerned federal as well as provincial government organizations participated in the meeting.
The minister highlighted the seasonal outlook, issued by PMD for monsoon season 2018 and said according to PMD, normal to slightly above normal rainfall were expected during the first half of monsoon season and below normal rainfall in second half of monsoon season 2018.
He shared the pre-monsoon season actions taken by FFC for smooth passage of flood flows during monsoon season 2018.
All the stakeholders briefed the meeting regarding preemptive measures taken to minimize effects of flood damages in the event of occurrence of floods.
The preparedness of NDMA and PDMAs/GBDMA/FDMA/SDMA was also discussed in detail.
The minister directed them to remain vigilant throughout the monsoon season and further improve upon the already made arrangements.
The representative of Engineers Directorate, GHQ Rawalpindi informed that they were ready and vigilant for operating breaching sections in case of emergency situation, besides, rescue operations in case of very high/exceptionally high floods.
The dam management authorities of Tarbela & Mangla Dam projects shared the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) of Mangla and Tarbela dams and arrangements made for flood flows a regulation in case of high flood flows during monsoon season 2018.
Chief Engineer (H&WM), WAPDA informed that all existing Flood Telemetry Station were fully operational and transmitting data to concerned stakeholders.
The PMD presented the seasonal forecast for 2018 monsoon season. The minister instructed PMD to improve their weather forecast to give ample time to deal with any emergency situation.
In view of forecast of rains and expected urban flooding, provinces were asked to be vigilant and clear the storm drains in all major and other cities.
He asked the relevant authorities to remove the encroachments, which restricting free flood flows of rivers and may result in floods. Additionally, desilting and removal of encroachments of nullahs passing through urban areas like Peshawar, Quetta, Karachi, Hyderabad, Rawalpindi, Multan, Sialkot, Lahore and Faisalabad etc. was stressed.
The minister was told that around Rs 400 million released by the federal government during the previous years to government of Punjab for execution of urgent nature flood projects were kept unspent and no project regarding flood control was completed despite availability of funds.
Similarly, the representative of irrigation department, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa informed that due to delay in release of funds by the federal government, they could not utilize the budget before close of previous financial year (30th June 2018).
The representatives of irrigation department, government of Sindh and Federally Administered Areas (Gilgit-Baltistan, FATA and AJ&K) highlighted that they were getting very meager budget under PSDP through Normal/Emergent Flood Programme, hence, they were unable to complete the urgent nature flood works last year. They requested to enhance their budget share in the said programme.
The minister showed dissatisfaction over delay in completion of some urgent flood protection projects being executed through Public Sector Development Programme.
He directed the representatives of provinces and FATA to make utmost efforts in completion of under-construction works so as to make them safe against 2018-floods and ensure protection of adjoining settlements, private and public property.
He showed serious concerns over the inordinate delay in preparation/approval of PC-I “Enhancing Capacity of Shahdara Railway Bridge & old road bridge project on River Ravi” and advised to take up the matter seriously, process the PC-I on fast track basis for early approval and implementation.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump warned Iran on Tuesday not to follow through with threats to restart its nuclear programme, as he and French President Emmanuel Macron struggled to find common ground on saving the 2015 Iran nuclear deal.
Meeting Macron in the Oval Office after a colourful welcome ceremony in honour of the French leader, Trump heaped scorn on the nuclear accord negotiated by his predecessor, former president Barack Obama, and aimed at stopping Iran from getting a nuclear weapon.
Iran has said it will ramp up its nuclear programme if the deal collapses and a senior Iranian official said on Tuesday that Tehran might quit a treaty designed to stop the spread of nuclear weapons if Trump scraps the agreement.
“If they restart their nuclear programme, they will have bigger problems than they have ever had before,” Trump said.
Trump called the agreement a “terrible deal” that was “insane” and “ridiculous” because it did not deal with ballistic missiles or Iran's activities in conflicts in places like Yemen or Syria.
“We made this terrible deal but we're going to
discuss it,” he said. Under the deal, Iran agreed to curb its nuclear ambitions in return for relief from economic sanctions. Tehran says its nuclear programme is only for peaceful means.
Macron came to Washington hoping to persuade Trump to keep the United States in the Iran agreement, saying it offered the best chance to constrain Tehran, imperfect as it may be.
He told Trump the accord is part of a “broader picture” of security in region.
“On Iran, we must contextualize this subject within the challenges of the region. There is the situation in Syria, there is security in the entire region and I think, in any case, we share a common goal of avoiding an escalation and proliferation of nuclear weapons in the region. So the question is what is the best path,” Macron said.
French President Emmanuel Macron (L) looks on as U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during their meeting in the Oval Office following the official arrival ceremony for Macron at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 24, 2018. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
European calls for exemptions from Trump's plan for 25 percent tariffs on steel imports are also on their agenda, as well as the U.S. president's desire to withdraw U.S. forces from Syria as soon as practicable.
Macron, whose visit will be followed by one on Friday from German Chancellor Angela Merkel, has called on Trump to keep troops in Syria for the time being to ensure the defeat of Islamic State militants.
A 21-gun salute echoed across the South Lawn and a flute-playing fife and drum corps, in red-coated uniforms and tri-corner hats, marched by Trump and Macron and their wives, Melania Trump and Brigitte Macron in a welcoming ceremony on Tuesday.
In the evening, the Trumps are to host the Macrons at the first state dinner conducted by Trump since he took power.
Trump, in welcoming remarks, thanked France for joining with the United States and Britain in launching airstrikes in Syria earlier this month in response to a chemical weapons attack blamed on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
He said he and Macron had developed over the past year “a wonderful friendship” that is “a testament to the enduring friendship that binds our two nations.”
Macron, in his remarks, called for the two countries to work together against Islamist militants, on North Korea and Iran, on “free and fair trade,” and on climate change.
“It is together that we will counter the proliferation in weapons of mass destruction, whether it is in North Korea or in Iran,” Macron said.
U.S. President Donald Trump (L) and French President Emmanuel Macron walk down the colonnade at the White House following the official arrival ceremony for Macron on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 24, 2018. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
He alluded to Trump's withdrawal last year from the Paris climate accord, saying “we do not always agree on the solution,” but stressed “the fate of our children is at stake.”
ISLAMABAD, Aug 13 (APP): Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan
Abbasi Sunday approved the appointment of his five advisors
besides making Sartaj Aziz Deputy Chairman Planning
Commission.
According to a PM House statement, Sartaj Aziz would
enjoy the status of the federal minister.
The prime minister appointed Lt. General (R) Nasir
Janjua as National Security Advisor.
Among four others who had also been made PM's Advisors
included Amir Muqam, Irfan Siddiqui, Sardar Mehtab and Jam
Mashuq.
MONTREAL—Not having a security perimeter in Quebec City when protesters converge in the provincial capital next week to mobilize against the G7 summit is intelligent, Mayor Regis Labeaume said Wednesday. “You shouldn't be obliged to give them an objective,” Labeaume told reporters Wednesday after he spoke to a business luncheon in Montreal.
World leaders from Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Japan and Italy will participate in the annual G7 meeting June 8-9 in La Malbaie, Que. ( Ryan Remiorz / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“The last (summit) there was a barrier — so the protesters knew exactly where to put on a show. So, we've evolved.” Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is welcoming world leaders for the 44th annual G7 summit in La Malbaie, about 140 kilometres north of Quebec City. The town of 8,000 will be in virtual lockdown during the June 8-9 meeting and protesters won't be able to get anywhere near the hotel where the heads of state will be staying.
Article Continued Below
Businesses and citizens with property around the downtown area are worried, Labeaume said. Gatherings of leaders from wealthy states often attract thousands of protesters, with some engaging in violent acts toward property and the police. During a recent tour of La Malbaie, Trudeau said “discussions are ongoing” when he was asked who would pay the tab for any property damage in Quebec City.
Article Continued Below
The federal government has budgeted $600 million to pay for its yearlong, rotating G7 presidency, the responsibilities for which include hosting the summit. Ottawa explicitly said it would pay for costs associated with loss of revenue for businesses affected by the security perimeter around La Malbaie, but has so far offered no guarantees about property damage. Labeaume said he's confident the federal government would assume the costs. “The summit costs $600 million — I think there will be money left over to reimburse business owners,” he said. World leaders from Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Japan and Italy — which represent the majority of global wealth — will participate in the summit, as will a representative from the European Union and other dignitaries. Activists and labour leaders denounce these heads of state for representing and propping up a capitalist system they say increases inequality through the exploitation of the poor and that appropriates the world's resources for profit. The G7 leaders have done little to address offshore tax havens that deprive governments of billions of dollars that could be used for public services, said Dominique Daigneault, president of the Montreal branch of a large Quebec labour federation. Global leaders often explain their failure to act against tax havens by stating that many countries need to act together to stop the problem. “These leaders often use the excuse that they need to co-ordinate with other countries to fight tax havens,” said Daigneault, whose labour union will be present for the protests in Quebec City. “But the G7 is a perfect time to address this — and you know they won't.” Arij Riahi, a defence lawyer who often represents activists arrested during demonstrations, said she hopes things don't get out of hand next week. But she said she shares the concerns of one civil rights advocacy group, who, along with Amnesty International, plan to send a delegation to monitor how police treat protesters. The human rights groups have deplored the fact the RCMP's security perimeter in La Malbaie will keep protesters far from the hotel, increasing the likelihood, they say, of large-scale arrests. Police in Quebec, Riahi said, are ready to declare a protest illegal and to attempt to shut it down if only a small minority of people participating cause trouble. That violates people's right to express themselves and criminalizes protesters, she said. Riahi, however, believes it's a good thing Quebec's legislature didn't copy the Ontario government, which passed a special law giving authorities additional temporary powers to detain people around the security zone during the 2010 summit in Toronto. But she said that just because it hasn't happened yet doesn't mean it won't. “Special laws can be voted in quickly,” she said.
Read more about:
PanARMENIAN.Net - Metallica have revealed that they plan to ‘fast-forward to the next chapter' of working with Lady Gaga – sparking rumours of a collaborative album, NME said.
This weekend saw them perform a special duet with Gaga at the Grammys – before a stagehand was blamed for frontman James Hetfield's mic being unplugged.
“[She is the] quintessential perfect fifth member of this band. Her voice, her attitude, her outlook on everything is so awesome,” drummer Lars Ulrich told Rolling Stone. “[The performance] was so effortless and organic and she just has the spirit of hard rock and metal flowing through her veins. It comes really easy for her. There's nothing contrived; she just has this super warm, easy energy.”
He added: “We already started fast-forwarding to the next chapter when we can do more of this,” he says. “It's not one of those '20 lawyers, strategists and managers trying to force two people from two different worlds to figure out how to spend four minutes together on a national telecast.' Of any of these undertakings, this is about as organic and authentic as there's ever been one. We're just getting started.”
Fans also shared a video of how the performance should have sounded with a functioning microphone.
Host Laverne Cox also apologised for not introducing the band before their performance. Not only that, but Metallica's classic ‘Master Of Puppets' was played by the house band as Megadeth picked up their award – much to fans' amusement and dismay.
Bowhunting Course In Denmark A short video about bowhunting and bowhunters in Denmark. It looks like there is a lot going on over there.
Whitetail Research Center: Magmun Scrape Dripper Combo The Magnum Scrape Dripper Combo has everything you need to keep a scrape hot so it attracts rutting bucks and does.
VIDEO: Pelser Bowhunting Africa Promo Short Video From Pelser Bowhunting On Highlights From Their African Bowhunts.
VIDEO: Rutting Illinois Buck And Doe Together 2016 The buck comes in the area with a doe and Max gets great video footage of a rutting buck with a doe in rut. Plus he gets the buck.
Kayla Gets It Done, Again Kayla got her first deer here when she was 9. She liked bowhunting and she comes with her dad every Thanksgiving. Now she's 15 and as she says, "It's a tradition."
Searchable Nationwide List Of Places You Can Shoot Archery The best way to learn about archery is to find an archery or bowhunting store near where you live. There, experts will teach you everything you need to know to get started.
VIDEO: See Why Grim Reaper Mechanical Broadheads Are Better Jay Liechtey, the inventor of Grim Reaper Broadheads, tells us why his broadheads are the best broadhead you can bowhunt with.
VIDEO: Brown Bear Bowhunt Three years of planning for a Brown Bear bowhunt in Alaska pays off with a big one.
Boar Down At The Hammer Hole Further back in the brush behind the three wild hogs that were passing by him Robbie saw a hefty black hog on the same trail. Robbie waited.
Stalking California Wild Hogs In Bacon Canyon Spot & Stalk for wild boars in Southern California with Ron Crouch and Rodney York of Bent Bow Outdoor Productions. Exciting, close up, wild boar hunt with traditional equipment.
VIDEO: Fred Bear Was Funny Too! Fred Bear was known for his impressive accomplishments; but, the thousands of bowhunters at his talks knew him for one more thing, he could tell a joke with the best of them.
Say No To Odor, Sweat, Noise & Cold Staying Warm In Cold Weather Is Just The Start. ScentBlocker Expedition Weight Base Layers are superfine Merino wool for warmth, comfort, natural odor prevention and it's quiet.
VIDEO: Big Buck Down On This Ohio Bowhunt VIDEO: 6 days of rut hunting action puts a big Ohio buck on the ground. Pennsylvania bowhunter travels to a hunting lease in Ohio to hunt the 2016 rut and shoots his biggest buck to…
ZERO Brand Equals Zero Scent The NEWEST in SCENT CONTROL focuses on hunters. By the leading maker of scent eliminating and scent control products, ATSKO.
2016: The Year I Used A Crossbow To Hunt Deer My bowhunting buddy Don Beckwith (a.k.a. Donald Duck, The Duck and Gater Don) schooled me on shooting the crossbow. He used the 'cold turkey' method.
How To Challenge A Bull Moose Right To You On David Hunter's bull moose bowhunt his guide the ''Moose Man' uses a secret challenging technique to bring the huge moose right to them. And David gets it done.
VIDEO: Bowhunting Wisconsin 2016 Seeing deer is always cool, and this bowhunter's video from the Wisconsin deer woods has some excellent deer footage for ya.
Fred And Chef: The Wrap Up The last 3 days of Fred and Chef's bowhunts brought some changes, but we definitely had a great hunt.
VIDEO: South Texas Bowhunt Robert Ayala goes to Cotulla in South Texas to bowhunt for trophy Texas bucks. He uses his Mathews bow and a Grim Reaper Broadhead and has a "watch 'em drop" moment.
ALL DECEMBER: Save 60% On Youth Hunting Items For December, save 60% on all youth hunting apparel, accessories, and safety products from Robinson Outdoor Products; ScentBlocker, RainBlocker, ColdBlocker, Youth Tree Spider Micro Harness and more.
Whitetail Bucks and Does and Turkey. Nebraska Bowhunters! Bowhunting whitetail bucks and does and wild turkeys in Nebraska.
The Tip Off To Curved Horn Thanks for the Tip-Off. I looked where the buck was and saw a slight movement. It was Curved Horn and he was coming my way.
John Joins The Hunt With Fred And Chef John and Bryant Askew came down to visit and hunt with Fred Lutger and Chef Klaus. All of them bowhunted in the morning.
Freddie Bear And Chef Klaus Day 3 The Chef wanted to change tactics and hunt from a treestand. And that turned out to be a good idea.
More Freddie Bear And Chef Klaus Bowhunt The CHEF noticed a mature buck and a doe 80-yards out in the trees to his left, they were heading in his direction. He got ready.
Who Likes Grim Reaper Broadheads? Bowhunters who shoot Grim Reaper Broadheads expandable and fixed blade heads report in on their experiences with the 'Watch 'em Drop' broadhead.
Fallow Deer Bowhunt In New Zealand Join Paul Korn for a successful stalk on a big Fallow Deer buck on his bowhunt in the rugged terrain of New Zealand.
Whitetail Bowhunt With Reagan Bryan Good Job Reagan on your whitetail bowhunt. Everything about this bowhunt is done just right. Cool footage of a buck and doe around Reagan's stand as she waits for the right shot and gets it…
Freddie Bear And The Chef On November 1-8 two good friends and hunting buddies from the Chicago area were my guests to bowhunt for deer, wild turkey and wild hogs; Fred Lutger of Freddie Bear Sports in Tinley Park, IL…
Low Light Shooting With The Bow Since most game animals move either at dawn or dusk, it's a good idea to be ready to shoot in low light conditions, increasing your chances at a successful harvest.
Search For The 10-Point Sometimes A Good Plan Doesn't Come Together, Sometimes It Does! The 10-Point was out of sight, but possibly still close, or maybe not. I texted my bowhunting buddies Don Beckwith and Robbie Cramer and let…
Fly Like An Eagle, A Black Eagle The shot was made. The doe's reaction was unusual. A few other things about this were puzzling.
When Does The Rut Start? And More... When Does The Rut Start? And How Do You Know? Plus, My Hunt Goes On! And I weigh My Options!
Pivotal On I did not see or hear them coming, they just lunged into view in front of me; two does and with an 8-point buck chasing after them. They stopped!
Matrix Is Quiet But Holds Back Bad Weather And Keeps You Dry And Warm Featuring proprietary WindBrake™ technology, Matrix lets you move move without stiffness or noise, even in winds over 50 MPH.
Good News: This Morning Was Pivotal In The Deer Woods This morning was a big one in my deer woods, pivotal. vital. essential. beginning today the deer are going in a different direction. Here's how I know.
Hunting Strategies 2016 For Treestand Hunters How to have a treestand hunting strategy that works for you. Stay safe from falls, on the way up or down, as well as in the stand.
Buck Cruise First Hunt Has Good Luck Tab and Jacob Justice bowhunt between two bedding areas. The day before they saw a buck and set up their stands right away. I'ts a good place.
How Do You Control Your Scent Josh Dahlke? Josh Dahlke, the editor of ScoutLook, reviews the Atsko hunting products, including Sport-Wash hair and body soap, Sport-Wash laundry detergent and U-V-Killer.
Bear Says: Hello In There! On a Fall black bear bowhunt in Ontario, Canada bear guide Fred Lutger and I had an official close encounter with a black bear.
Bowhunting Down Under With Elissa Rosemond From Australia In this video from Down Under, Elissa Rosemond from EGR Bowhunting bowhunts for Australian wild billy goat. She stalks up on one makes a perfect shot.
Robbie Tags The First Doe Robbie tells us about his opening weekend bowhunt for wild hogs and whitetail deer.
Team Fitzgerald TV, Hardcore Bowhunting 2016: Episode 06 Dan & Guy Fitzgerald bring you AN AWESOME BITTER COLD HOSS BUCK MICHIGAN BOW KILL BY GUY – ONE OF HIS LARGEST EVER!
NFAA Youth High Performance Compound Academy 2016 “It's so cool because the group of kids really care if they improve or not and they're eating up everything we throw at them,” Gore said.
The Duck Makes Pork Chops Ingredients: scatter some seed, get an old double bull blind, put it in the right place and add one Duck and a Wild hog!
John And The ClawHead Buck I switched from the camera to the binoculars. The Claw Head buck had disappeared on me and I intended to locate him again.
Claw Head Buck; Is It Him? I'm Not Sure! The buck moved through the thick brush and trees and I followed with my camera. He looked right. But I still could not see if it the brow tines were definitely from the Claw Head…
Opening Morning Deer Bowhunt Opening day is always a big deal around here. This year I took my friend John Askew out with me. Early on, we saw some deer shadows and soon things got real good.
Bow Season Opener: Don't Step There! My accident will keep me from hunting with my bow and arrow this year. But I have an idea on how it can still be good hunt.
Everything came up Cleveland in the Indians' Game 1 victory over the New York Yankees. The hometown crowd was treated to stellar pitching by Trevor Bauer and a timely longball by Jay Bruce. A good time was had by all, especially one sign-holding individual with seats right behind the Indians' dugout who wanted to talk about the 2004 American League Championship Series.
You know, the one where the Yankees blew a 3-0 lead to the Boston Red Sox. That one. Not the last full playoff series played, where the Indians blew a 3-1 lead to the Chicago Cubs. Not that one.
See, the 2004 thing was worse. At least the Indians have a World Series crown from 1948 to fall back on. What do the Yankees have to show for their efforts since 1948? Probably not a lot.
As companies get bigger and bigger, odds are who has access and owns what information is going to get more and more fragmented — and the risk of the last person knowing how to do something, like knowing a code base, leaving the company starts to become a real existential threat.
One way to fix that is, obviously, to ensure that people are talking to each other. But since that usually won't be the case once companies hit the thousands of employees, Adam Weinstein and his co-founders Patrick Farrell and Jason McGhee started a company called Cursor that's designed to help make that problem a little easier internally. Cursor serves as a sort of internal search tool for information, whether that's inside SQL queries, database metadata, existing platforms like Tableau and others. The whole goal there is to reduce the communication gap between employees to as close to zero as possible, and ensure that it's not just a single person that knows how to get something done that's constantly inundated with requests.
“Silicon Valley has a way of putting on rose tinted glasses,” Weinstein said. “What I found was, even in the leadership of analytic functions, everyone had this problem. There's been such a sprawl of software in general that data and the knowledge behind it [is fragmented]. If you use Mixpanel and Google Analytics, each has some level of data protections, and the ability to cross them is increasingly a problem. It gets more and more difficult as a business grows to extract value at an aggregate level. There's this challenge we don't have someone who can keep track of it. If somebody was a knowledge person on each team, and they even took a vacation, that was a risk.”
The startup said today that it has raised $2 million in a financing round from Toba Capital, with participation from Ride Ventures and several angel investors, and is launching its Cursor data search and analytics hub.
Cursor more or less behaves like a search engine internally. Users can search for information, which will surface up anything from a Tableau worksheet to an actual segment of SQL. Users can then comment on the information coming up from those searches, which are tagged with metadata to help employees find that information more easily. The idea is that if someone over on one side of a production team needs something (like a segment of code), they should have some kind of intuitive way for finding it rather than having to start an email chain with dozens of people on it.
Most of this was born from ideas Weinstein had when he joined LinkedIn through its acquisition of Bright in 2014. Weinstein was working with the data analytics team, but like any good engineer, was trying to “engineer himself out of a job” by making processes like these more efficient.
“If I did this right, there's always a way to make things happen that are faster and cheaper for things around you,” Weinstein said. “I was one of our only people that dealt with litigation [in China], dealt with M&A, cost reduction efforts, and all those things. I was the limiting reagent. I became the human knowledge manager, and I thought, there has to be a solution to manage all this, and that was the idea behind Cursor.”
Already some internal search tools are becoming pretty popular, especially when it comes to programming. While it's not an exact comparison, Sourcegraph is doing somewhat similar work in terms of making code easily searchable and find out who is working with it. It all speaks to a movement toward trying to make all this information more easily searchable and reduce the overhead in email or Slack, and it's certainly something larger companies are going to begin noting going forward.
Germany's Penta is the latest European startup to throw its banking wares into the ring. The burgeoning company is launching a new digital bank account targeting SMEs. Running on top of Banking-as-a-Platform solarisBank, the new offering perhaps resembles something like Tide in the U.K., and is designed to meet all of the banking needs of small to medium-sized businesses, including, of course, startups.
Opening in Beta today, the premise for Penta is that and SMEs are currently underserved by banks and that “business banking can be really awful,” co-founder and CEO Lav Odorovic tells me. This typically sees traditional banks make account opening cumbersome and much more difficult than it should be, whilst simultaneously charging exorbitant fees for making payments or international money exchange.
There's also a long list of other unmet needs, such as tracking employee spending and automating accounting and invoicing. “We ultimately concluded that business owners want a fully digital bank that's easy to use and that has the apps and products they need to help them scale quicker, save more time and money,” he says.
Through its partnership with solarisBank, Odorovic says Penta is able to offer a full-fledged business bank account, and not a freelance or retail bank account labeled as business, like some other challenger banks do. And, in a nod to marketplace banking, beyond a business bank account, the startup isn't planning on developing additional financial products of its own to upsell, but instead wants to integrate the best third-party fintechs and other service providers.
“We strongly believe that we can create the most value for our customers by partnering with the best fintech and business app providers and offering their products directly to our customers in our Business App Store,” says the Penta CEO. “Partners can include someone like TransferWise or Revolut for FX, or Debitoor/SMACC for accounting”.
To that end, Odorovic say Penta's typical customer is a high-tech startup founder who uses Slack or Trello with their team on a daily basis. “Their startup is a team of two or as big as 50 and is building tech that is hopefully solving a problem and making people's lives easier!.” he says.
This is also reflected in Penta's pricing model: the digital-only bank is offering a completely free account for “bootstrapped” or very early-stage businesses that doesn't charge a monthly account fee and provides 10 free transactions per month. Thereafter, each additional transaction costs €0.10 cents per transaction.
“Once you start growing, your business banking needs to become more complex. You may need to start doing your accounting, send or receive money from abroad, manage your cash-flow better, or do payroll. So we'll offer you these products via our Penta Business App Store. We call this: Pay as you Grow,” says Odorovic.
For now, Penta is only available to businesses registered in Germany. The startup bank plans to go Europe-wide next year.
Like his character in the new spy thriller “The Coldest Game,” Bill Pullman has suddenly found himself uprooted from his daily life in the U.S. and dropped into an elaborate setup in Warsaw, Poland. In what he estimates is the shortest prep time he's ever had for a feature role, Pullman agreed at the last minute to replace an injured William Hurt as a hapless, obsessive, burned-out American chess master who becomes a pawn in a 1960s Cold War plot.
“This was kind of scary to me,” Pullman tells Variety, “and therefore, I thought, worth a try.”
Pullman was brought in to play Joshua Mansky just a few weeks into filming, managing to squeeze in the Warsaw shoot between the first two seasons of his current USA Network project, “The Sinner,” after Hurt broke his leg in an off-set accident. Set to wrap a 40-day shoot next month, the thriller is written and directed by Lukasz Kosmicki, and produced by Piotr Wozniak-Starak and Krzysztof Terej of Watchout Studio, plus producer Daniel Baur of Germany's K5.
In the film, Pullman's character, despite limited social skills and some substance-abuse issues, is recruited by a seductive CIA agent (played by Lotte Verbeek) and abruptly flown to Warsaw to face off against a Russian chess champ (Evgenij Sydikhin) at an international tournament in the iconic Palace of Culture and Science, a genuine Cold War relic that in real life still dominates the city center of the Polish capital. The match turns out to be a sort of proxy for the Cuban missile crisis in Kosmicki's film, one of the first Polish productions to be shot in English.
Related William Hurt Breaks Leg; Bill Pullman Subs in 'The Coldest Game' (EXCLUSIVE) Jennifer Jason Leigh: Harvey Weinstein Scandal 'Starts With the President on Down'
Hurt's unexpected departure was just one of the challenges facing “The Coldest Game.” Aptly enough, given the film's title, the weather was another. While filming one night earlier this month on the roof of the culture palace – an imposing structure erected in 1955 in homage to the Seven Sisters building in Moscow, once the pride of Stalin – Pullman wore just a blazer, dress pants and loafers even as ice and snow surrounded the crew amid record low temperatures.
“It was minus-14, but it was blowing,” Pullman said during a break in shooting on a U.S. embassy set designed by Oscar-nommed Allan Starski (“Schindler's List”). The nearly perfect mockup of the 1960s-era diplomatic outpost, built by the crew in an empty building that once served as Gestapo headquarters in Poland, is full of period furnishings and 50-year-old back issues of Life lying about.
In one scene featuring a phone call from President John F. Kennedy, Pullman's Mansky finds himself reluctantly saddled with intelligence duties as he preps for the next chess match, bristling: “I knew it's not about the chess.”
Pullman said his fascination with the character grew as he quickly read through Kosmicki's script. Mansky, a complex man who resents authority and lives mainly inside his head, is unlike any other character he has taken on, the affable actor said.
“He's a little bit of a wild card,” Pullman told Variety. “And I had never played chess before.”
Determined to make the character authentic, director Kosmicki hired a chess master to help him write critical game scenes with actual moves from historic matches, including one in which Soviet players tried to distract an opponent with a hypnotist. Pullman himself boned up on chess, meeting Polish grandmaster Monika Socko and studying the moves of players currently competing in Warsaw.
The matches in the film are each shot in a distinct visual style. Cinematographer Pawel Edelman (“The Pianist”) has been working closely with the Kosmicki to create a look that evokes classic retro thrillers, with a single camera in most scenes, and occasionally intricate choreography with actors on elaborate tracking shots.
The project is an ambitious one but is being produced by a relative upstart: Watchout Studio is only a few years old. However, it has had major commercial success domestically in Poland with its Polish-language projects. Producer Terej said that the international cast and appeal of the story made it the company's greatest challenge yet. The project has backing from the Polish Film Institute and a sales deal with L.A. shingle Hyde Park Entertainment. It's aiming for release next year.
The film's thorough prep, which included blocking each scene well in advance on special software, has helped keep the film crew on their toes, Kosmicki said, with morale high even when shooting on real Warsaw streets from which they've had to remove masses of snow.
“They know that we know what we want to shoot,” Kosmicki said.
(Pictured: Lukasz Kosmicki and Bill Pullman)
Chief Justice of Pakistan Mian Saqib Nisar and other Judges of Supreme Court of Pakistan bade farewell to Justice Dost Muhammad Khan, on his retirement on Monday.
A simple and dignified ceremony was held in honour of Justice Dost Muhammad Khan in Supreme Court of Pakistan, which was attended by Chief Justice and all the Judges of Supreme Court, said a press release here.
They lauded the professional and legal acumen of the Judge and praised his lordships devotion and dedication for the cause of justice.
They also paid the deepest regards to the Judge and prayed for his long, healthy, prosperous and productive life after his retirement as Judge, Supreme Court of Pakistan. They also presented souvenir and shields to Honorable Judge as token of respect and gesture of goodwill.—APP
Related
EDMONTON—The Alberta government has reached a new agreement with physicians that calls for no fee increases for two years.
The deal that runs until March 31, 2020, covers about 10,000 doctors who are members of the Alberta Medical Association.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Minister for States and Frontier Regions (SAFRN) (Lt. General (R) Abdul Qadir Baloch on Monday informed the National Assembly that about 1.38 million registered Afghans Refugees holding Proof of Registration (PoR) cards were living in Pakistan.
Answering the questions in National Assembly during question hour, he said that the major districts of Afghan refugees residing areas are Peshawar, Nowshera, Kohat, Haripur, Swabi, Quetta, Pishin, Chaghai, Loralai, Rawalpindi, Chakwal, Attock, Mianwali, Malir and Karachi (East and West).
The minister said that in addition there are approximately 700,000 undocumented Afghan's in Pakistan.
Qadir Baloch said that the repatriation of registered Afghan Refugees is guided by the principle of voluntarism and
gradualism as embedded in the Tripartite Agreement signed between Governments of Pakistan, Afghanistan and UNHCR that is valid till December 31, 2017.
Under this program more than 4.3 million refugees have returned to Afghanistan since 2002 which is marked as the largest voluntary repatriation program in UNHCR's history, he added.
He said that the government encouraged repatriation of Afghan Nationals to their country of origin in whatever manner that it can.
Speaker National Assembly Sardar Ayaz Sadiq said that he would write to the Prime Minister to suspend SAFRON secretary for three days for not replying the questions and wrongly addressing the National Assembly.
Northumbrian Water is investing more than £3million in upgrades to the Pegswood sewage treatment works.
The scheme will help to improve the quality of the Bothal Burn for the benefit of the people, the environment and wildlife.
It started at the end of May and will be phased across 20 months.
The work to be carried out includes the installation of a new tank and apparatus, as well as the upgrade of existing equipment.
The company says that although residents and allotment owners may see an increase in traffic during the scheme, it has made a request for all deliveries to come via the new bypass and not through Pegswood in order to reduce the disturbance to the village.
Residents can keep up-to-date with the project online at www.nwlcommunityportal.co.uk
On the community portal, customers can ask questions, make comments and find out when deliveries are planned – especially when large pieces of material or plant equipment are being delivered.
The One Habit of Self-Made Millionaires
Master the trait that separates the millionaires from the middle class.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MUSKEGON, Mich. – An 8-year-old girl is suspected in the death of a 1-year-old boy who was found dead at a Muskegon, Michigan, day care when his mother went to pick him up last week, police said Monday.
Muskegon Police Chief Jeffrey Lewis called it one of the worst cases he's seen, MLive.com reported.
"I thought I saw everything," Lewis said, according to the news outlet. "This one floors me. I can hardly get a grip on it."
The boy, identified by sister station WXMI in Grand Rapids as Korey Brown, had bite marks and bruises all over his body when he was found, according to this mother.
"Bruises and bite marks on his face, bite marks on his fingers," his mother, Bryanna Reasonover, told WXMI. "It was bad. I found Korey in a Pack 'N Play, he was laying in there like he was asleep."
An autopsy was performed Saturday, but a cause of death has not been released.
The baby's body was found concealed in a bedroom at the home day care where his mother had dropped him off, the police chief told MLive.com.
Korey was apparently crying when the "8-year-old dealt with the baby crying," Lewis said. There were apparently no adults supervising the children, and the only witness to what happened was a 5-year-old.
The 8-year-old girl was taken to a hospital where she underwent a mental evaluation, MLive.com reported.
Reasonover told WXMI she dropped off Korey and her three other children at Keysha's Keepers day care.
"When his face rolled over, he had all these bruises on the side of his face. And that's when I said, 'What's wrong with my baby's face?'" she said.
Reasonover said day care employees had no idea anything was wrong with Korey. He apparently never woke up and did not regain consciousness.
"It doesn't seem real. It still doesn't seem real to this day. It seems like a dream and I'm going to wake up and he's going to be here," she said.
WXMI went to the day care and tried to speak with the owner, Keysha Collins, but nobody was available for comment. Phone calls were also not immediately returned, the station reported.
State records show the facility's license was approved in November and expires next month.
Dish Network is reshuffling the management of its Sling TV division with the departure of Roger Lynch, the exec who built the over-the-top pay-TV service, who is exiting to join streaming-music company Pandora as president and CEO.
Dish said it will move oversight of Sling TV under the purview of Erik Carlson, Dish's president and COO and a veteran of 20-plus years of the company, effective Aug. 31.
Carlson joined the satellite TV operator in 1995. He oversees the company's day-to-day operations including HR, operations and information technology, media sales, marketing, programming, acquisition and retention, finance, and accounting organizations. Carlson will continue to report to Dish chairman and CEO Charlie Ergen.
“Roger built a fantastic team that will take Sling TV into the bright future ahead, and I wish Roger the best in his new endeavor,” Ergen said in a statement. He said Carlson “is positioned to fully support and grow our enterprise's portfolio, including our Sling TV asset, as we work to connect 100% of the country through satellite, OTT, wireless and even digital over-the-air offerings.”
Most recently, Carlson served as VP of operations, overseeing Dish's In-Home Services, Customer Service Centers, Customer Billing, and IT organizations, as well as Manufacturing, which consists of equipment retrieval and refurbishment operations. Prior to that, he managed the company's indirect sales operations as SVP of retail services and sales. Carlson received a bachelor's degree in business from Bradley University.
KABUL : Pakistan and Afghanistan need to engage in concrete cooperation instead of blame game on both sides, said Foreign Secretary Tehmina Janjua while addressing the Afghanistan-Pakistan Action Plan for Solidarity (APAPS) in Kabul on Saturday.
Janjua condemned the Kabul terrorist attacks and offered Pakistan's assistance for a joint investigation.
The government of Afghanistan was urged to take action against anti-Pakistan terrorists. Pakistan also emphasised the need for strengthening border management on the Afghan side.
A top-level delegation of Pakistan's civil and military leadership, led by Foreign Secretary Tehmina Janjua, reached Afghanistan earlier today to attend the meeting.
Orignally published by INP
[India], Feb 1 (ANI): Pakistan on Thursday violated ceasefire in Nowshera sector, in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir.
The villages of Kampala, Pukherni, Lam, Anwas, Bhandar, Rattal, Basali and PB came under attack, and 71 schools were closed in Lam due to heavy shelling, the District Collector of Rajouri, Shahid Choudhary informed.
On January 26 and January 30 as well, Pakistan had initiated unprovoked firing in Nowshera. (ANI)
Streaming upstart Philo today announced a referral program. Every time someone signs up using your individual referral code, you'll get a $5 credit on your bill, and your friend will get $5 off their first month.
Philo is a low-cost streaming service that has a limited number of channels but also tops out at $20 a month. So if they have what it is you want to watch, you're going to be saving a lot of money. And the really cool part here is that there's no limit as to the number of folks you can refer — so theoretically you could be watching Philo for free month after month.
To find your individual referral code, head over to this link.
will be putting the hit series,, on a seven month hiatus starting in the series' 32nd isse.creator Gosho Aoyama said that this hiatus will be running until issue 39 of. The reaason being is for further research for the series. This comes to the relief of many fans as the series had just returned from another long hiatus from last December to this April.According to Aoyama, while this is a long wait, we can expect that the spinoff series, which centers around Toru Amuro, will be continuing during the hiatus. That way fans can still get their fill of the series while they wait. With a spinoff series to keep that fans occupied and a research hiatus that is pretty typical for the series, it seems that these seven months will fly by. These rigs true even more because now we can expect when to seeback again.Interested at what type of research the creator will be looking up? Happy to put more focus on? Share yourthoughts in the usual spot!
To the delight of Kelly Staten, director of the Southern Family Resource and Youth Services Center and Darlene Wright, coordinator of the Northern Family and Youth Services Center, Grand Knight John Delaney of St. Frances Xavier's Knights of Columbus, presented a gift in the amount of $4,000, $2000 to each center.
To view more, please log in or subscribe to the digital edition.
Have an event coming up? Email your information to Managing Editor Tammye Nash at nash@dallasvoice.com or Senior Staff Writer David Taffet at taffet@dallasvoice.com by Wednesday at 5 p.m. for that week's issue.
• Weekly: Lambda Weekly at 1 p.m. on 89.3 KNON-FM with David Taffet, Lerone Landis and the late Patti Fink. This week's guest is counselor Candy Marcum; United Black Ellument hosts discussion on HIV/AIDS in the black community (UBE Connected) at 7 p.m. every fourth Tuesday of the month at 3918 Harry Hines Blvd.; Core Group Meeting every 1st and 3rd Tuesday of the month at 7 p.m.; Fuse game night every Monday evening except the last of the month at 8 p.m. at the Fuse space in the 3918 Harry Hines Blvd.; FuseConnect every Wednesday from 7 p.m. For more information call or e-mail Jalenzski at 214-760-9718 ext. 3 or Jalenzski@myresourcecenter.org. LGBT square dancing group Pegasus Squares meets every Sunday from 2:30–4:30 p.m. at Grace United Methodist Church, 4105 Junius St. For more info, email pegasussquares@gmail.com; Dallas Frontrunners meet for a walk or run on the Katy Trail at Oak Lawn Park, Turtle Creek and Hall Street, every Wednesday at 7:15 p.m. and every Saturday at 9 a.m.; Leadership Lambda Toastmasters practices and develops speaking and leadership skills from 6:30–8 p.m. on Tuesdays at First Unitarian Church, third floor of the Hallman Building, 4012 St. Andrews; Gray Pride support group from 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. followed by mixer every Monday at Resource Center, 5750 Cedar Springs Road; Lambda AA meets at 7 a.m., noon, 6 p.m. 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. and has a men's meeting at 10 a.m. on Saturdays and meets at 10:30 a.m. and 1 p.m. on Sunday at 1575 W. Mockingbird Lane #625. Call 214-267-0222 for details; DVtv in Spayse, news and entertainment discussion live streaming every Friday, 4–5 p.m., on the Spayse Station YouTube channel.
FEBRUARY
• Feb. 3: Mardi Gras
Viva Dallas Burlesque presents Mardi Gras with beads, booze, kings day cake, and burlesque hosted by Patti Le Plae Safe. From 8-11 p.m. at 1350 Manufacturing St. #120.
• Feb. 3: Dynamic Duets 6
United Court of the Lone Star Empire presents Dynamic Duets 6 benefiting AIDS Interfaith Network. From 6-10 p.m. at Dallas Eagle, 5740 Maple Ave.
• Feb. 3: Firedancers Soup'R Bowl Cook-Off
Delicious chilis, soups, stews, chowders, and anything you can serve from a crockpot and eat with a spoon from
2-4 p.m. The Hidden Door, 5025 Bowser Ave.
• Feb. 3: DFW Sisters Roman Holiday
Join Sister Addy Rawl aka Randall Brown for her Novice project for DFW Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence featuring DJ C-Rail at 10 p.m. at Dallas Eagle, 5740 Maple Ave.
• Feb. 4: Pizza & Politics
LGBT issues are on the agenda at the YPC of Dallas 32nd congressional district candidates forum at 12:30 p.m. at Northaven UMC, 11211 Preston Road.
• Feb. 6: Mid-Cities Democrats
Gubernatorial forum and chili dinner at 6:30 p.m. at Local UAW 218, 98 W. Hurst Blvd., Hurst. $25. info@midicitiesdemocrats.com.
• Feb. 6: DFW LGBT Grief Support Group
For people who have lost a same-sex spouse at 6:45 p.m. at Oak Lawn Branch Library, 4100 Cedar Springs Road.
• Feb. 6: Outlast Youth: 2018 Vision & Equip
Discussion of where Outlast Youth is headed, what resources are available to address LGBT youth homelessness and how to get involved from 6:30–7:30 p.m. at Promise House, 224. W. Page Ave.
• Feb. 8: PFLAG Dallas
PFLAG meets the second Thursday of every month from 7-9 p.m. at Northaven United Methodist Church, 11211 Preston Road. 972-849-0383. PFLAGDallas@outlook.com.
• Feb. 9: DFW Pride Happy Hour
DFW Pride Happy Hour, an LGBT-plus community sponsored by Texas Instruments, meets for a special event hosted by Strategic Alliance, the SMU Cox School of Business LGBTQ and allies organization, from 5-8 p.m. at the Meadows Museum, 5900 Bishop Blvd. For information call 214-768-2516. Includes complimentary hors d'oeuvres and a cash bar, and free parking on the two lower levels of the museum's parking garage.
• Feb. 10: Aroused
Impulse Group Dallas presented “Aroused — The Art of Safer Sex,” a party celebrating Impulse Group Dallas' anniversary and International Condom Day, from 9 p.m.-midnight at Deep Ellum Art Co., 3200 Commerce St., Dallas. Tickets are $15 in advance, available at Aroused.evenbrite.com, and $20 at the door. Rapid HIV testing will be available, and there will be complimentary cocktails.
• Feb. 10: Love Equality
Benefit for Equality Texas at 8 p.m. at 7 for Parties, 150 Turtle Creek Blvd Suite 107. Tickets are $50 in advance, available at tinyurl.com/yauumagh. Tickets at the door are $75, Sponsorships start a $500 and are available at tinyurl.com/ya57oesf.
• Feb. 10: 2018 Dallas Mardi Gras
The Krewe de Etoile presents the 2018 Mardi Gras Dallas Gala Masquerade Ball at Fashion Industry Gallery, 1807 Ross Ave., from 7 p.m.-midnight. Tickets start at $80, and this year's spotlighted charity is CitySquare. For information visit KreweDeEtoile.com.
• Feb. 14: Valentine's Day
• Feb. 15: Miss CEBA Sweetheart
Caven Employees Benevolence Association presents the Miss CEBA Sweetheart Pageant, hosted by Asia O'Hara at
The Rose Room in S4, 3911 Cedar Springs Road. Pageant begins at 10:30 p.m. Winners and first two runners-up will receive cash prizes and more; for information or to apply as a contestant, visit CEBADallas.org.
• Feb. 17: Gold Medal Gaybingo
Monthly fundraiser for Resource Center takes place from 6-9 p.m. at the Rose Room at S4, 3911 Cedar Springs Road. 214-540-4458. MyResourceCenter.org/gaybingo.
• Feb. 17: Krewe to Cure Arthritis-Mardi Gras Ball
From 6-11 p.m. at The Hall on Dragon Street, 1500 Dragon St.
• Feb. 20: Early voting begins
Early voting for the March primary runs Feb. 20-March 2. Vote at any early voting location in your county.
• Feb. 21: Conspirare — “Considering Matthew Shepherd”
Berklee College of Music presents the Dallas debut of vocal ensemble Conspirare, performing Considering Matthew Shepherd, a three-part oratorio composed by Craig Hella Johnson, at 7:30 p.m. at Moody Performance Hall, 2520 Flora St. Tickets are available online at DMA.org.
MARCH
• March 2: Bianca Del Rio
Performance at 8 p.m. at Majestic Theatre, 1925 Elm St.
• March 3: Toast to Life–Bollywood
Steve Kemble hosts and DJ Jennifer Miller entertains. Info to follow.
• March 3: Carousel of Love
Garza Productions presents “Carousel of Love: A Magical Night of Cabaret Extravaganza,” at the Margo Jones Theatre in Fair Park, at Magnolia Lounge, 1121 First Ave. Tickets are $27 and parking is free. All proceeds will benefit a charitable organization in North Texas This is an adult-only event. For information visit Facebook.com/GarzaProductionsDFW.
• March 4: The Women's Chorus of Dallas
TWCD performs with TWU and DISD singers at 7:30 p.m. at City Performance Hall, 2520 Flora St. TWCD.org.
• March 6: Democratic and Republican primaries
Vote in your precinct polling location only.
• March 6: Miss Red Pageant
From 8-11:30 p.m. at the Round-Up Saloon, 3912 Cedar Springs Road.
• March 8: PFLAG Dallas
PFLAG meets the second Thursday of every month from 7-9 p.m. at Northaven United Methodist Church, 11211 Preston Road. 972-849-0383. PFLAGDallas@outlook.com.
• March 11: Mr. and Miss North Texas Pride Pageant
• March 17: Leprechaun Gaybingo
Monthly fundraiser for Resource Center takes place from 6-9 p.m. at the Rose Room at S4, 3911 Cedar Springs Road. 214-540-4458. MyResourceCenter.org/gaybingo.
………………..
Sister Addy Rawl of the DFW Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence presents the Roman Holiday Party, her Novice project, Saturday at Dallas Eagle. See listings for details.
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
Murder accused Jason Rohde testifies
Share
Former Sotheby's executive Jason Rhode appeared in the Western Cape High Court where he pleaded not guilty to charges of murder and defeating the ends of justice. Credit: EWN.
Alleged wife killer Jason Rohde has disputed the testimony of a handyman who was with him when his wife's body was discovered.
He's testified of verbal and physical fights with his wife, Susan, about his extra-marital affair with a colleague, on the night prior to her death at the Spier Hotel near Stellenbosch in July 2016.
He's explained how he found her body after she allegedly committed suicide.
Rohde says he struggled to open the hotel room's bathroom door and contacted reception, who sent a handyman.
Desmond Daniels arrived and used a screwdriver to unlock the door.
The hotel handyman says he saw Susan lying on her back naked, on the bathroom floor, with a cord around her neck.
He has also told the court he had no difficulty removing it from her neck because it wasn't tight.
But the accused disputes this.
Rohde says that after Daniels unlocked the door, the handyman stepped aside.
He says he could see his wife's feet as he continued to force the door open and found her crouching down with the cord around her neck.
The accused agrees that Daniels removed the cord from his wife's neck, but he insists it was tight.
WATCH: Jason Rohde testimony courtesy of News24
EWN
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – A Roman Catholic priest with a controversial past will not be assigned to the parish in St. Louis Hills after all.
The announcement about Father Joseph Jiang came down in a letter Wednesday from Archbishop Robert Carlson and St. Gabriel Archangel Church's pastor Msgr. John Shamleffer after many parents voiced their concerns.
A meeting where parents would have been asking about Fr. Jiang's appointment has been canceled for Thursday.
Fr. Jiang was twice accused of sexual misconduct involving children. Both charges were eventually dropped.
Some parents said they are pleased with the church's decision but the matter could have been handled better.
“Communication could have been better but it also kinda feels like that you would like to give everyone a fair shot,” said Matt Plocher, “and any charges that were ever against were thrown out so now it has come to halt so I guess you just move on with your life.”
In the letter, Carlson continued to say that he plans to meet with school and parish leadership to talk about discuss concerns and “work toward a better understanding of what Fr. Jiang has gone through, the reaction to his appointment on the part of so many parishioners, the work that the Church has done over the years to safeguard our children, and then to discuss where we go from here as a parish and as an archdiocese."
A spokesperson for the Archdiocese said Fr. Jiang is staying at the Cathedral Basilica for the moment.
WASHINGTON — Justin Trudeau says he pushed for an exemption on Canadian steel and aluminum imports to the United States during his phone call this week with Vice-President Mike Pence.
The prime minister says the government is pushing the U.S. on multiple economic fronts, including getting a deal on a renegotiated NAFTA.
Using a national-security clause in U.S. trade law, President Donald Trump is threatening to slap potentially crippling steel and aluminium tariffs on Canada, Mexico and other countries when their exemptions are due to expire Friday.
Pence "seemed to understand very clearly that national-security issues don't really apply when you talk about steel or aluminum from Canada," Trudeau said of his conversation.
"We're continuing to work, highlighting that it would be not great for Canadian workers and Canadian industry, obviously, but it also would be difficult for American workers, American jobs and American consumers, who will pay more for various products."
That is on top of intense effort by Canada, the U.S. and Mexico to get a deal on a renegotiated North American Free Trade Agreement in time for the current iteration of the U.S. Congress, and ahead of what's expected to be a turning-point election in Mexico on July 1.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland pushed the steel and NAFTA issues during her meeting Tuesday in Washington with Trump's trade czar Robert Lighthizer.
"Canada considers it frankly absurd that we would in any way be considered a national security threat to the United States," she said of the tariff threat, which comes under Sec. 232 of the U.S. Trade Expansion Act.
"I would like to absolutely assure Canadians, particularly those that work in the steel and aluminum industries, that the government is absolutely prepared to and will defend Canadian industries and Canadian jobs. We will respond appropriately."
Freeland left Washington empty-handed earlier today, while Lighthizer and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross were off to Paris to talk tariffs with nervous European Union counterparts.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Provident Financial Plc:
* DIRECTORATE CHANGE
* APPOINTS MALCOLM LE MAY AS GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
* ANNOUNCES APPOINTMENT OF MALCOLM LE MAY AS GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT
* THIS FOLLOWS A BOARD PROCESS LED BY STUART SINCLAIR OVER RECENT
* BELIEVES THAT MALCOLM LE MAY IS AN OUTSTANDING CANDIDATE FOR ROLE, GIVEN HIS EXISTING KNOWLEDGE OF GROUP
* HOME CREDIT CONTINUES TO MAKE GOOD OPERATIONAL PROGRESS
* AND DISCUSSIONS CONTINUE WITH FCA IN RELATION TO VANQUIS BANK AND MONEYBARN INVESTIGATIONS
* CHRIS SWEENEY, MD VANQUIS BANK, WILL CONTINUE TO FOCUS ON LEADERSHIP OF VANQUIS BANK AND SUCCESSFUL RESOLUTION OF ROP
* BOARD INTENDS TO APPOINT SWEENY AS DEPUTY GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER IN ADDITION TO HIS VANQUIS BANK ROLE
* ANNOUNCES PERMANENT APPOINTMENT OF CHRIS GILLESPIE, MD CONSUMER CREDIT DIVISION
* APPOINTMENT OF STEVE GRIGG, AS INTERIM GROUP CHIEF INFORMATION & TECHNOLOGY OFFICER, TO DEFINE GROUP‘S LONG-TERM IT ARCHITECTURE
* HAS INSTIGATED A PROCESS TO APPOINT A NEW EXTERNAL CHAIRMAN AS WELL AS TWO ADDITIONAL NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS AS SOON AS PRACTICABLE
* APPOINTMENT OF STUART SINCLAIR AS INTERIM CHAIRMAN, WITH STUART MOVING TO THIS ROLE FROM THAT OF SENIOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
According to a New York Times report, a self-driving Uber car struck and killed a woman in Arizona on Sunday. The incident reportedly took place on Sunday night in Tempe where an unidentified pedestrian was hit by the autonomous car while she was crossing the street. The autonomous vehicle also had a human safety driver in it at the time. The Times said that this could be the first human death caused by a self-driving vehicle.
Uber initiated self-driving operations in Arizona and San Francisco as well as Pittsburgh and Toronto but as of the Sunday night incident, the company has ceased all operations in those areas for safety measures. On Twitter, Uber's CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said,
Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened.
Sarah Abboud, a spokesperson for Uber, released a similar statement on behalf of the company and said, "Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."
On Twitter, Khosrowshahi's tweet was met with criticism and concern. For several observers, the technology of autonomous driving seemed to only confirm their worries about possible injuries and even deaths caused by self-driving cars. One Twitter told the Uber CEO is issue a better and more "proactive" apology.
The tragic news may not help Uber with further testing its self-driving cars as a 2016 poll by the American Automobile Association revealed that 78 percent of Americans are already afraid of riding a self-driving car. Most of the participants in the AAA poll cited safety and well-being as the primary reasons for not feeling comfortable with autonomous vehicles.
Although this seems to be the first time a human has died because of an autonomous car, this won't be the first time that an Uber self-driving vehicle was involved in a car crash. In March 2017, another car crash took place in Tempe, Arizona, when an Uber car was in self-driving mode with a human safety driver present. Thankfully, no one was hurt. The Tempe Police Department ruled that the autonomous car was not responsible for the collision.
Carl Court/Getty Images News/Getty Images
The debate on whether self-driving cars bring more benefits or cause more harm, is one that seems to be a constant source of difference within and outside of the tech industry. Supporters of self-driving cars point to research that says autonomous cars carry little to no possibility of committing errors thanks to complicated calculations made by the machines.
Supporters also point to algorithmic operations within autonomous cars that could allow them to (kind of) talk to each other about potential congestion and reduce traffic as a result. Supporters also point to the possibility of better and more practical car design as a result of mainstreaming self-driving cars.
But critics of autonomous vehicles point to several key risks and dangers. For one, they're not a popular and affordable mode of transport. Affluent people may be the only ones able to afford these services. Then, of course, there's the fact that no technology is ever entirely perfect and thus, errors can very well be made by these cars. Plus, opponents note that currently there is little to no licensing infrastructure present for autonomous cars.
Perhaps one of the biggest concerns of those not-so-stoked by self-driving cars is that the more our surroundings become high-tech, the bigger the possibility that services and gadgets can be hacked. As researcher Dave Gershgorn pointed out in 2015, self-driving cars can be vulnerable to hacking. As Gershgorn said, these cars can be "tricked" into performing tasks never asked of them. With the Uber incident in Tempe, Arizona, the company may have even bigger and tougher questions to field.
Watch out Carlton the Bear, there's a new mascot in the city.
Coming off a 4-3 victory in Game 2 of the playoffs against the Capitals, Leafs' fans have adopted “Dart Guy” or “Dartman” as their new hero.
During the Hockey Night in Canada broadcast in Washington on Saturday, one die-hard Leafs' fan stood out in a sea of red by rocking a large blue-stained beard, dripping blue-and-white face paint, and an unlit cigarette hanging out of his mouth.
“It doesn't get more Toronto than this,” the NHL tweeted.
After hitting the big screen, the super fan, identified as Jason Maskalow, has gone viral, with thousands of fans adopting his face as their new Twitter and Facebook profile pictures.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A heavily pregnant Polish woman has been reported missing with her five-year-old daughter, as police raised concerns about their welfare.
Alicja Dworakowska was reported missing from her home in Beeston in Leeds, West Yorkshire, shortly after 4pm on Tuesday, February 14.
Officers have said they need to find the mum urgently and check she is okay.
The 29-year-old is described as white, with long blonde/ginger hair and freckles on her face.
She is believed to be wearing a black water-repellent coat.
Her young daughter is described as white, with blond hair and is believed to be wearing a pink hat with ear flaps, a beige coat and a pink dress.
(Photo: West Yorkshire Police)
Detective Inspector James Entwistle, of Leeds District Safeguarding Unit, said police "urgently" need to trace Alicja and her daughter.
He said: "We are very concerned for Alicja and her daughter's welfare and urgently need to trace her and check that she is okay. We would ask that she contact us immediately.
"We would also like to hear from anyone who has seen them since yesterday afternoon or who has any information that could assist in tracing them."
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Special Operations Room at Elland Road via 101 quoting log number 1018 of February 14.
Here. We. Go.
After years of speculation, rumors and social-media jabs, two of the world's foremost fighters will finally be stepping into the ring to face each other.
UFC star Conor McGregor will fight former boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. in a boxing match.
Both fighters made it official on social media, with McGregor already taking the early trash-talking lead by posting a side-by-side picture of himself and Mayweather's ... father.
THE FIGHT IS ON. pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 14, 2017
Following Wednesday's shocking announcement, the sports world immediately exploded with excitement, outrage and surprise.
UFC president Dana White and fellow fighters were quick to express their thoughts about McGregor's quick rise through the sport and his chances against Mayweather, who is heavily favored.
😃 — Dana White (@danawhite) June 14, 2017
It's gonna be a good fight for that #2 spot. 💯 A post shared by natediaz209 (@natediaz209) on Jun 14, 2017 at 4:05pm PDT
CONTEST : If Conor Mcgregor KO's Floyd Mayweather on August 26th, I'll follow 1000 Random users who retweet this!#VanillaGorillaContest pic.twitter.com/29odSu7tS1 — Chase Sherman (@ChaseShermanUFC) June 14, 2017
My best case scenario for #MayweatherMcGregor : Floyd smacks Connor around for 3 rds, Connor starts throwing kicks, riot ensues. 🔥🔥🔥 — caleb truax (@GoldenCalebT) June 14, 2017
Floyd doing it because he's bored and Connor is getting his largest payout. We know who's gonna win the fight cut it out ... — Suzy (@Sua_Cravens) June 14, 2017
Conor cracks Mayweather with that left, Mayweather goes down, doesn't get back up...
The most incredible accomplishment by any athlete ever? — Cathal Pendred (@Pendred) June 14, 2017
Celebrities and media members also weighed in on the upcoming fight.
If you pay for #MayweatherMcGregor please take the time to do it in pennies at least you get the moral victory of making them do some work pic.twitter.com/SmYkbbk6ve — MichaelRapaport (@MichaelRapaport) June 14, 2017
I want to fight on Mayweather-McGregor undercard — Chad Johnson (@ochocinco) June 14, 2017
4 years ago, Conor McGregor picked up a welfare check of $235.
He'll likely walk away with $100,000,000+ from Mayweather fight. — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) June 14, 2017
I know it won't be a great fight. I know it's a joke. I know I will regret it. But I'm in. #MayweatherMcGregor — Mike Greenberg (@Espngreeny) June 14, 2017
I will pick the undefeated all-time great boxer over the guy who has zero professional boxing matches — Bill Barnwell (@billbarnwell) June 14, 2017
If you thought Mayweather-Pacquiao was a waste of time, boy do I have a fight for you. — Jeremy Schaap (@JeremySchaap) June 14, 2017
According to ESPN's Dan Rafael, the match will take place Aug. 26 in Las Vegas at T-Mobile Arena.
McGregor (21-3 in MMA) will be making his professional boxing debut. Mayweather (49-0, 26 KOs) last fought in September 2015, when he beat Andre Berto to retain his welterweight world title.
--Isaac Chipps
A Monroe County man is accused of sexually assaulting one woman and attacking another woman with a sword, police said.
Monroe County Sheriff Dale Malone said Monday deputies have arrested the suspect, a 58-year-old LaSalle Township man, and he's facing multiple felony charges. Police are not releasing his name until he is arraigned.
Malone said the man attacked both women early Monday morning at his home in the 2900 block of Clayton Street in LaSalle Township. LaSalle Township is about 56 miles south of Detroit.
The two women, ages 55 and 45, were invited to the suspect's house and arrived about 4:30 a.m., police said.
According to investigators, the suspect attacked the older woman with a sword shortly after they arrived.
It's not clear what provoked the attack, but he lacerated the woman's face, officials said.
The woman fled the home, ran to a neighbor's house and called 911, Malone said.
He said the suspect then sexually assaulted the younger woman, but she managed to escape and flee to a different neighbor's house.
Police arrived at the scene, but the suspect got into his vehicle and drove away, according to Malone.
A sheriff's deputy spotted the suspect's vehicle and attempted to execute a traffic stop, officials said.
The suspect continued to flee and police give chase until he crashed into a tree near the intersection of Cousino Road and South Dixie Highway, Malone said.
Deputies arrested the man without further incident, he said.
Authorities took the 55-year-old woman to a Toledo hospital to be treated for the laceration on her face. Malone said she is in stable condition.
He said the other woman was taken to a Monroe hospital to be treated for minor injuries.
Police continue to investigate. Anyone with information about the suspect or the incident should call Det. Mike McClain of the Monroe County Sheriff's Office at (734) 240-7530.
cramirez@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w44LB2
My girlfriend keeps complaining that I spend too much time on my work phone in the evenings — how can I get her to realise that I need to?
Clearly there are going to be times when you have to be checking your work phone in the evenings. Pressing deadlines, horrible bosses or urgent firefighting all mean you sometimes need to be tapping away on your phone while sat on the sofa.
But...
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):A week-long Iranian Film Festival has started here at Pakistan National Council of the Arts (PNCA) by organizing screening of films.
The film festival was inaugurated by Minister State for Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage Mrs. Marriyum Aurangzeb. Ambassador of Iran to Pakistan Mehdi Hassan Hunar Dost, Cultural Counselor of Iran Embassy and Director General PNCA Syed Jamal Shah and Incharge Film Division PNCA Aijaz Gul was also present on the occasion.
The film festival was organized by Cultural Consulate Islamic Republic of Iran in collaboration with Cultural Center of Islamic Republic of Iran in Rawalpindi, PNCA and National Heritage of Folk and Traditional Heritage (Lok Virsa).
In his welcome remarks, Ambassador of Iran to Pakistan Mehdi Hassan Hunar Dost welcomed the participants in the week-long film festival. He expressed the hope that this film festival provides an opportunity to the enthusiasts of productive and constructive films in Pakistan to closely observe and enjoy the superior technique and content of Iranian film.
Cultural Counselor Iran Embassy Shahaboddin Daraei said that Cinema is a phenomenon associated with life and social progress of human beings and since its audience is public, it is in line with their social, cultural, economic and political changes. He said that Cinema in Iran has always been evolving and transitioning with social changes. Today Iran's Cinema history can be divided into two parts 1- pre-revolution Cinema and 2-Post-Revolution Cinema.
He appreciated PNCA, Lok Virsa and Asian Peace Film Institute for their cooperation in making this event possible.
The opening ceremony of three-day festival was also attended by a large number of people from different walks of life.
The films will be shown at Pakistan National Council of Arts from December 11-12 and at Lok Virsa from December 13-15.
During the festival five famous Iranian movies, ‘So Far So Close', ‘Bodyguard', ‘A Cube of Sugar', ‘Crazy Castle' and ‘Where are my shoes?' are to be shown.
Iranian cinema has been one of the main enthralling and appealing cinema industry in the world and has gained special status among the world's cinema industry with its unique and innovative film directing techniques.
Iranian films are regularly shown in different Pakistani cities in which people show keen interest.
Last year an Iranian film festival was held in Rawalpindi city while in January this year another Iranian film festival was held in eastern city of Lahore and both events attracted a good number of people.
Mayank Jaggi Collects INR 38.68 Lakh At The 2018 Wynn Summer Classic
PokerShots FOLLOW TOP CONTRIBUTOR News 11 // 04 Jul 2018, 17:20 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Mayank Jaggi Collects INR 38.68 Lakh At The 2018 Wynn Summer Classic
A remarkable cashout of INR38.68 Lakh for Mayank Jaggi at the 2018 Wynn Summer Classic in Las Vegas.
This summer has been about the WSOP and how players from across the world are totally swooning over it. However, the contingency of poker players that arrived in Las Vegas wasn't meant to go all in for the WSOP only.
One of the fan-favourites- The Wynn Summer Classic is attracting players with a plethora of mind-boggling tournaments. Vegas, for sure, has got people going crazy with poker. And speaking of sports and craze, Indians rarely fall behind. Poker across felts is gaining popularity in the country, and it was a proud moment again for India, when Mayank Jaggi, on his debut trip to Vegas this year, cashed big bucks at the Wynn Summer. Jaggi finished 6th place in the $1,100 NLHE Event.
A regular winner in online poker tournaments, Jaggi has made decent earnings at the live Indian poker tournaments like DPT and IPC. It is surprising though that Jaggi flew to the Sin City not for the WSOP, unlike many of his countrymen, but the Wynn Series.
The $1,100 No-Limit Hold'em Event
The $1,100 No-Limit Hold'em event started on June 26. The guaranteed prize pool of $1million got crushed as 2,197 entries registered for the tournament. With more than double the expected prize pool, the moneymakers got their hands on a larger share of the pie. After three days of rigorous grinding, the Greek origin US player, Athanasios Polychronopoulos bagged the title.
As for Jaggi, an earning of over thirty-eight Lakh rupees sky-rocketed his career earnings by four times. The win is not only Jaggi's career best but, the biggest score for an Indian player in Las Vegas this year, after Nikita Luther. A few days back, Luther got the WSOP bracelet and a paycheck of $87,902 for winning the Tag Team tournament.
After a great run at the Wynn Summer Classic, India is hoping to see if Jaggi will participate in the $10,000 Main at the WSOP.
The Final table results:
Spotify CEO Daniel Ek admitted his company fumbled the deployment of a new content policy that sparked considerable controversy within the music industry.
Spotify reportedly rethought its controversial decision to ban certain artists from playlists based on their “hateful conduct” and moved to reinstate rapper XXXTentacion, but not another artist, R. Kelly. The initial announcement met with immediate backlash.
“We rolled this out wrong and could have done a much better job,” said Ek on Thursday night on stage at the Code Conference in a keynote Q&A.
Ek, who took personal responsibility for the botched rollout, deemed the policy too ambiguous and open to interpretation. But asked by Variety whether the policy was no longer in effect, he made it clear it was still up on the company's website, though subject to future iterations.
“The whole goal with this was to make sure that we didn't have hate speech,” said Ek. “It was never about punishing one individual artist or even naming one individual artist.”
While there have been reports that the decision was so controversial internally at Spotify that global head of creator services Troy Carter nearly exited, Ek gave no hint of dissension within the ranks. “It was a debate we had internally at the company,” he said. “It's something we keep on discussing.”
Related Is Spotify Walking Back Its Anti-Hate Policy? Spotify's Class-Action Settlement Approved
Spotify lost $49 million in the first quarter of 2018 as the company toils under the overhang of escalating royalty payouts to record labels. But Ek pointed to the positive cash flow he's maintained in recent quarters as the primary metric to which he's focused. “As long as that's the case we don't have to go the markets and askt them to keep funding the company,” he said.
The Spotify IPO valued the company at $26 billion in April via a rarely-used process called a direct listing that comes without underwriters.
Spotify is facing increasing competition from Pandora, which announced a new $15 family plan earlier this week, and YouTube, which recently relaunched its own streaming music offering. Last month, Apple Music disclosed more than 50 million users via paid subscriptions and free trials.
On its first earnings report, Spotify disclosed 75 million paying subscribers, and revenue of €1.139 billion (around $1.36 billion). The company had 170 million monthly active users in March. The company forecasts to have 92-96 million paying subscribers by the end of the year, as well as 198-208 million monthly active users.
MORE TO COME…
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
MK Dons chairman Pete Winkleman says former Bristol City boss Keith Millen could get the manager's job full time at the struggling League One side.
Millen, who has been the assistant manager to Dan Micciche since January, has taken charge of the team after Micciche departed the club on Sunday.
The ex- Bristol City boss, who managed the club from 2010 to 2011, had previously been briefly working as a coach at Portsmouth after leaving his last club Crystal Palace following Sam Allardyce's appointment in January.
Millen has worked as a No.2 for Tony Pulis, Neil Warnock and Alan Pardew since departing his only managerial job with the Robins in 2011.
Talking to the MK Citizen , Winkleman said: "If you were going to get a caretaker, you'd get Keith.
"He's got performances out of Premier League teams. If the inevitable happens, let's go down fighting.
"Keith can put himself in the frame, and if he won all three, he'd put himself in the frame. We want to see what Keith wants to do.
"I've had to go to him and tell him what we did with Dan, this is where we are, and I asked him whether he wanted the job for the last three games or whether he wants to avoid it. He immediately stepped up and told me to worry about what I need to do.
"That's Keith Millen, he has been like that the whole way through."
MK Dons are currently 23rd in League One, six points from safety. An escape now would be something of a miracle.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Camila Mendes made all of our hearts stop the minute we saw her on the small screen as Veronica Lodge in Riverdale — she truly is perfect for the role. Based on what we've seen of the 23-year-old in season two, there is going to be even more Veronica for us to obsess over, including family drama and maybe even a possible love triangle. Scandalous, we know! Now is the perfect time to get to know more about the woman behind Veronica before season two premieres on Oct. 11. Trust us, she will make it to the top of your girl crush list as soon as you're done reading this.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Conor Walsh threw a
no-hitter to lead Dunmore over Western Wayne, 5-0, in a Lackawanna League Division IV game Monday.
Walsh struck out six and walked five to complete the Lackawanna League's third no-hitter since Thursday.
Steve Borgia and Daniel Walsh had two hits and one RBI for the Bucks.
Dunmore Western Wayne
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Grippi 2b 2 0 0 0 Kilgallon cf-p 3 0 0 0
Murray ph 0 0 0 0 Walck ss 2 0 0 0
Borgia cf 3 2 2 1 Sommers 1b 2 0 0 0
DeLuccie ph 1 0 0 0 Malcolm 2b 3 0 0 0
Salzmann c 3 1 0 0 Dudley lf 3 0 0 0
Griffiths ph 1 0 0 0 Seeley rf/p 2 0 0 0
Mandarano ss 2 0 0 0 Carey ph 1 0 0 0
Pigga ph 1 0 1 1 Garnett p 2 0 0 0
DWalsh 3b 3 1 2 1 Shepered c 0 0 0 0
Yanochik ph 1 0 0 0 Kuha dh 2 0 0 0
Lawler lf 3 0 1 1 Boots 3b 1 0 0 0
Blasko ph 1 0 0 0
CWalsh p 1 0 0 0
Pinto dh 2 0 0 0
Hannah ph 1 0 0 0
Damiano rf 3 0 1 0
Talutto ph 1 0 0 0
Finan 1b 2 0 0 0
Walsh ph 1 1 1 0
Totals 32 5 8 4 Totals 21 0 0 0
Dunmore 103 001 0 — 5
Western Wayne 000 000 0 — 0
Dunmore IP H R ER BB SO
Walsh, WP 7 0 0 0 5 6
Western Wayne IP H R ER BB SO
Garnett, LP 3 3 4 0 1 2
Seeley 3 4 1 1 2 6
Kilgallon 1 0 0 0 0 1
Pitches: DUN: Walsh 94; WW: Garnett 73, Seeley 66, Kilgallon 16.
Records: DUN 1-2, WW 0-3.
Mid Valley 6, Riverside 5
At PNC Field, Brendan Davies worked a walk-off walk to cap a four-run seventh inning as Mid Valley rallied past Riverside.
Brendan Kucharski had two hits and J.J. Glinsky and Justin Gohsler each drove in two runs. Glinsky tripled and R.J. Gouldsbury doubled for the Spartans.
Nick Sottile led Riverside with two hits, two runs and two RBIs. Peyton Connor and Alex Jaworski doubled for the Vikings.
Riverside Mid Valley
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Stephanelli cf 3 1 0 0 Glinsky rf 4 1 1 2
Sottile ss 3 2 2 2 Wallo p/p 2 1 0 0
Connor 2b 4 0 1 2 Gouldsbury c 4 0 1 0
Cimakasky 1b 4 0 0 0 Bonacci dh 4 1 0 0
Mancuso 3b 4 0 0 0 Demian 2b 2 1 0 0
Jaworski rf 4 0 1 0 Gohsler 3b 4 0 1 2
Moran lf 3 0 0 0 Kucharski 1b 3 1 2 0
Ladd dh 1 0 0 0 Lahey pr 0 0 0 0
Lescio dh 1 1 0 0 Davies lf 3 0 0 1
Weisenfluh c 3 1 0 0 Polon cf/p 2 1 0 0
Quick p 0 0 0 0
DeFrancesco p 0 0 0 0
Totals 30 5 4 4 Totals 28 6 5 5
Riverside 100 004 0 — 5
Mid Valley 020 000 4 — 6
2B: R.J. Gouldsbury (MV), Peyton Connor (RIV), Alex Jaworski (RIV). 3B: J.J. Glinsky (MV).
Riverside IP H R ER BB SO
Quick 6.1 4 3 2 2 6
DeFrancesco, LP .1 1 3 3 4 0
Mid Valley IP H R ER BB SO
Wallo 5 2 1 0 1 6
Polon, WP 2 2 4 4 3 2
Pitches: RIV: Quick 100, DeFrances 30; MV: Wallo 87, Polon 45
Records: MV 2-2, RIV 1-2
Lakeland 4, Carbondale Area 2
At PNC Field, Adam Retzbach had a double, a triple and drove in four runs to lead the Chiefs.
Marino DePalma had a two-run double in the top of the seventh for Carbondale Area.
Carbondale Area Lakeland
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Tolerico cf 2 0 1 0 Piraino 2b 1 1 1 0
Gigliotti ss 4 1 1 0 Art 3b/p 2 1 0 0
Wormuth 3b 4 1 1 0 Hayes 1b 1 2 0 0
Connolly rf 4 0 0 0 Retzbach c 3 0 2 4
Katchmore 2b 0 0 0 0 Verrastro ss 2 0 0 0
DePalma dh 4 0 2 2 Romano cf 2 0 0 0
Larson c 2 0 0 0 Bertholf ph 1 0 0 0
Manarchck p 3 0 1 0 Novitsky lf 1 0 0 0
Durkin 1b 3 0 0 0 Mizok lf 1 0 0 0
Vadella lf 2 0 1 0 Hodorovch p 0 0 0 0
Natale 3b 0 0 0 0
Lavelle dh 2 0 0 0
Cicio rf 2 0 0 0
Totals 28 2 7 2 Totals 18 4 3 4
Carbondale Area 000 000 2 — 2
Lakeland 202 000 x — 4
2B: Adam Retzbach (LAK), Marino DePalma (CAR). 3B: Adam Retzbach (LAK).
Carbondale Area IP H R ER BB SO
Manarchuck, LP 5 1/3 3 4 4 5 5
Connolly 2/3 0 0 0 1 1
Lakeland IP H R ER BB SO
Hodorovich, WP 4 2/3 2 0 0 3 9
Art 2 1/3 5 2 0 1 2
Pitches: CAR: Manarchuck 98, Connolly 11; LAK: Hodorovich 81, Art 38.
Records: LAK 3-0, CAR 1-2.
Old Forge 12, Holy Cross 7
At Old Forge, the Blue Devils had seven batters with two hits in the win.
Shane Smith had a triple and Brendan Mozeleski had a double, while Smith, Mozeleski, winning pitcher Ben Grochowski, Mason Boettger, Patrick Donovan, Lorenzo Febbo and Joey Verespy all contributed two hits.
Joe DeGrazia had a two-run home run, while Josh Mies had two hits and two RBIs and Ronnie James had two hits for Holy Cross.
Holy Cross Old Forge
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Mies 2b 4 1 2 2 Smith c 5 0 2 2
Iacobacci rf 4 0 0 0 Mozelski p 5 2 2 1
James c 3 1 2 1 Grchwski 1b/p 5 2 2 1
DeGrazia 3b 4 2 1 2 Boettger 3b 3 3 2 1
Cacioppo ss 1 1 0 0 Donovan rf 3 2 2 1
Walsh ss 2 0 0 0 Febbo dh 3 1 2 3
Dougherty 1b 3 1 1 0 Krenitsky 2b 0 0 0 0
Gilhooley ph 1 0 0 0 Banks lf 4 0 0 1
Murphy p 3 1 0 0 Welsh ss 3 0 0 0
Antosh lf 1 0 1 0 Jones ph 1 0 0 0
Brogenski ph 0 0 0 0 Verespey cf 3 2 2 0
Gilroy cf 4 0 0 0
Totals 30 7 7 5 Totals 35 12 14 10
Holy Cross 302 020 0 — 7
Old Forge 404 130 x — 12
2B: Josh Mies (HC), Brendan Mozeleski (OF). 3B: Shane Smith (OF). HR: Joe DeGrazia (HC).
Holy Cross IP H R ER BB SO
Murphy, LP 4 9 9 5 2 1
DeGrazia 1 3 3 2 2 1
Mies 1 2 0 0 0 1
Old Forge IP H R ER BB SO
Mozeleski 3 4 5 3 2 5
Grochowski, WP 4 2 2 0 4 4
Pitches: HC: Murphy 79, DeGrazia 36, Mies 9; OF: Mozeleski 67, Grochowski 66.
Records: OF 2-1, HC 2-2.
Scranton 3, Abington Heights 1
At Abington Heights, Robbie McAndrew and Colin Mullen drove in runs in the top of the sixth and winning pitcher Jack Kelly gave up only one hit for the Knights in a Division I-II crossover.
Tim Stankowski, Chris Cobley and McAndrew all came around to score in the decisive sixth inning.
Scranton Abington Heights
ab r h bi ab r h bi
McAndrew ss 3 1 1 1 McCreary cf 3 0 0 0
Karp lf 3 0 0 0 Harvey ss 3 0 0 0
Mullen 3b 2 0 0 1 Duboski lf 3 0 0 0
Zanghi 2b 3 0 1 0 Swank 1b 3 0 0 0
Montoro c 3 0 1 0 Fayocavitz rf 3 1 1 0
Keen dh 3 0 0 0 Barcia dh 3 0 0 0
McDonald 1b 3 0 0 0 Myers c 1 0 0 1
Stankowski cf 2 1 1 0 Lesjack c 0 0 0 0
Cobley rf 2 1 0 0 Eckersley 2b 2 0 0 0
Kelly p 0 0 0 0 Rothnbrgr 3b 2 0 0 0
Termini p 0 0 0 0
Totals 24 3 4 2 Totals 23 1 1 1
Scranton 000 003 0 — 3
Abington Heights 010 000 0 — 1
Scranton IP H R ER BB SO
Kelly, WP 7 1 1 1 0 5
Abington Heights IP H R ER BB SO
Termini, LP 7 4 3 1 0 5
Pitches: SCR: Kelly 77; AH: Termini 75.
Records: SCR 1-3, AH 2-1.
Scranton Prep 1, Valley View 0
At Scranton Prep, Kyler McAllister drove in the deciding run with a double in the bottom of the fourth in a Division III game.
Noah Granet also had a double and Jordan White fired a one-hitter and had nine strikeouts for the Cavaliers.
Kyle Cwalinski had Valley View's lone hit.
Valley View Scranton Prep
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Kilmer 3b 3 0 0 0 Grady cf 3 0 0 0
Castellani p 2 0 0 0 Granet ss 2 1 1 0
Trojanowcz ph 1 0 0 0 Cimini 2b 3 0 1 0
Black 1b 3 0 0 0 McAllister c 3 0 1 1
Cwalinski 2b 3 0 1 0 Polishan 1b 2 0 0 0
Pezak ph 2 0 0 0 Nalevanko lf 2 0 0 0
Deleo lf 1 0 0 0 Belardi dh 2 0 0 0
Black ss 3 0 0 0 Redman 3b 2 0 0 0
Sebastnelli c 1 0 0 0 Rinaldi rf 1 0 0 0
Regan cf 2 0 0 0 Hdnshld ph 1 0 0 0
DeSavino rf 1 0 0 0 White p 0 0 0 0
Boyle ph 0 0 0 0
Combs pr 0 0 0 0
Totals 22 0 1 0 Totals 21 1 3 1
Valley View 000 000 0 — 0
Scranton Prep 000 100 x — 1
2B: Kyler McAllister (SP), Noah Granet (SP).
Valley View IP H R ER BB SO
Black, LP 4 2 1 0 1 9
Castellani 2 1 0 0 0 4
Scranton Prep IP H R ER BB SO
White, WP 7 1 0 0 2 9
Pitches: VV: Black 66; Castellani 28; SP: White 94.
Records: VV 0-3, SP 2-2.
Forest City 2, Blue Ridge 0
At Forest City, R.J. Kuruts twirled a two-hit shutout with four walks — three intentional — and 13 strikeouts as Forest City blanked Blue Ridge in a Division V game.
Eric Paulin's two-run single in the fourth inning provided the offense for the Foresters.
Blue Ridge Forest City
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Mills cf 4 0 1 0 Kuruts p 3 0 0 0
Zawiski ss 3 0 0 0 Knehr-Cook c 3 1 3 0
Decker p 1 0 0 0 Clift cf 3 0 0 0
Stento c 3 0 0 0 Shema ss 3 1 1 0
Conrad rf 3 0 0 0 Paulin 3b 3 0 1 2
Peters lf 3 0 0 0 Zukosky lf 3 0 1 0
Folk 3b 2 0 0 0 Daniels 2b 2 0 0 0
Folk 2b 3 0 1 0 Tomlinson 1b 2 0 0 0
Roe dh 2 0 0 0 O'Neill rf 2 0 1 0
Totals 24 0 2 0 Totals 24 2 7 2
Blue Ridge 000 000 0 — 0
Forest City 000 200 x — 2
2B: Dakota Knehr-Cook (FC).
Blue Ridge IP H R ER BB SO
Decker 2 2/3 1 0 0 0 4
Stento, LP 3 1/3 6 2 2 0 2
Forest City IP H R ER BB SO
Kuruts, WP 7 2 0 0 4 13
Pitches: FC: Kuruts 98; BR: Decker 29, Stento 40.
Records: FC 3-0, BR 2-1.
Elk Lake 11, Susquehanna 5
At Susquehanna, Zach Groover rippled a homer, a double and a single, driving in three runs to lift Elk Lake.
Alex Bradish scored three times and Blake Chew drove in two.
Eric Lee had two hits for Susquehanna.
Elk Lake Susquehanna
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Waldenbrgr c 3 0 1 0 Hall lf/p 2 1 0 0
Bradish ph 1 3 0 0 Dbnwtz ph/p 4 0 0 0
Valvano ss 4 2 1 0 Lee c/p 4 0 2 0
Groover lf 4 2 3 3 Haley 3b 2 1 1 1
Traver 1b 0 1 1 0 Andersn cf/p 3 1 1 0
McAleer 2b 5 0 1 0 Dolfini ss 3 1 0 1
Chew cf 5 2 1 2 Cogan rf 3 1 1 0
Arnold rf 4 1 1 0 Hallisey 1b 2 0 0 0
Ely 3b 2 1 1 1 Koziol 2b 3 0 0 1
Pettyjohn p 2 0 0 0
Grosvenor ph 1 0 0 0
Totals 31 12 10 6 Totals 26 5 5 2
Elk Lake 001 314 2 — 11
Susquehanna 010 012 1 — 5
2B: Zach Groover (EL), Eric Lee (SUS), Brandon Traver (EL) 2. HR: Zach Groover (EL).
Elk Lake IP H R ER BB SO
Pettyjohn, WP 5 3 2 1 5 4
Valvano 2 2 3 2 2 2
Susquehanna IP H R ER BB SO
Dubanowitz, LP 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hall 5 8 5 2 1 4
Lee 1 1 4 0 2 1
Andersen 1 1 2 2 1 1
Pitches: EL: PettyJohn 87, Valvano 46; SUS: Dubanowitz 96; Lee 34; Andersen 16.
Records: EL 2-1, SUS 0-3.
Montrose 8, Mountain View 6
At Mountain View, Andrew Rapisardi had two hits and two RBIs, and Keith Ely had a home run and two RBIs to lead Montrose.
Zach Dieck had two RBIs and R.J. Arnold had a double for the winners.
Jey Rusek had two hits and an RBI, and Matt Lavin had two hits for Mountain View.
Montrose Mountain View
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Dieck cf 2 1 1 2 Neri p 3 1 0 1
Ely c 3 2 1 2 Pellew cf 4 0 1 0
Arnold ss 3 2 1 0 Rusek lf 4 1 2 1
Buck 1b 4 1 0 0 Fedchk 3b/p 1 1 0 0
Rapisardi 3b 4 0 2 2 Lavin ss 4 1 2 0
Giles lf 1 0 0 0 Showalter 2b 2 1 1 0
Spence lf 2 0 0 0 Kelly rf 4 0 1 1
Aukema p 2 1 1 0 DiManicor c 3 0 0 0
Warriner 2b 1 0 0 0 Rush 1b 2 1 0 0
Ruseski rf 2 1 0 0
Washo 2b 3 0 0 0
Totals 27 8 6 6 Totals 27 6 7 3
Montrose 220 000 4 — 8
Mountain View 400 100 1 — 6
2B: R.J. Arnold (MON). HR: Keith Ely (MON).
Montrose IP H R ER BB SO
Aukema, WP 4 1/3 5 5 4 4 7
Rapisardi 2 2/3 2 1 0 3 2
Mountain View IP H R ER BB SO
Neri, LP 6 3 4 4 4 4
Feduchak 1 3 4 2 1 0
Pitches: MON: Aukema 96, Rapisardi 46; MV: Neri 92, Feduchak 23.
Records: MON 2-2, MV 1-2.
Contact the writer:
sports@timesshamrock.com
570-348-9125
@sportsTT on Twitter
Nothing is worse than your crush approaching you right after you finished that onion bagel smothered in garlic cream cheese, or the self-conscious feeling you get preparing to give a huge presentation at work after a hearty lunch of tuna fish and BBQ potato chips. I know what you're thinking during these moments. I know what we're all thinking: I wish I had dill pickle mints.
Oh — I beg your pardon. You thought this was going to be an article about mint toothpaste or a refreshing new flavor of icebreakers? Hahahahafuadalgfdashmfgv no. It's about dill pickle mints.
Dill. Pickle. Mints. Just in case you missed that the first two times.
Said mints come from Archie McPhee, and you can buy them online over at the Archie McPhee website for $3.50 a pop, but honestly, it's probably cheaper just to bar a jar of Vlasic and gargle the juice. This was all news to me. Upon learning dill pickle mints exist, I found myself emotionally conflicted, so I searched the internet for customer reviews that would perhaps shed some light on why — God, why — anyone would ever want the inside of their mouth to taste like a pickle-y mint.
I largely came up empty-handed, I assumed because most people don't, in fact, want the inside of their mouth to taste like a pickle-y mint. I did, however, find a couple of reviews for a similar product on Amazon, and here's the kicker: they were all disappointed the mints didn't taste more like pickles.
I was just about to slam my head into my desk when I realized something: mints aren't the only food item that have received the pickle makeover. Sure enough, a quick Google search turned up results for products and recipes for pickle-flavored ice cream, doughnuts, candy canes, chips (which I admit might be tasty — somebody sends help), gum, popcorn, toothpaste, pop, slushies, beer, and even condoms.
And sex is ruined for me.
It was at this point I started questioning myself. Was I being a pickle hater? Was I blinded by ignorance? What did I really know about pickles, anyway?
When I stopped to think about, I realized something: despite my confusion surrounding dill pickle mints, I myself am utterly, hopelessly, irrevocably in love with pickles. Any time is a good time to stick my hand in a jar a remove a few — or if company is around, I'll play coy and use a fork.
That first crunchy bite fills my heart with glee, and I'd drink the juice with a straw if I wasn't worried people would judge me. When left alone and to my own devices, I've been known to finish an entire jar by myself in less than 48 hours, and I feel no shame.
NO SHAME.
And we're just talking about my love for the taste of pickles, here. This doesn't even scratch the surface of the numerous health benefits of our salty friends. According to CureJoy, pickles can help reduce nausea and morning sickness, and prevent blood sugar spikes after eating. They're a good source of antioxidants, says Organic Facts, and can help us digest our food better. One study from 2010 published in Medicine and Science in Sports and Exercise even found when athletes drank pickle juice, their muscle cramps lasted for a shorter period of time compared to athletes who drank water.
So, let's recap. Pickles:
Taste like crunchy heaven Are good for your health
All things considered, it's really no wonder somebody finally bridged the gap between pickles and breath mints. I mean... why didn't we think of this sooner? We were doing breath mints wrong this whole time, you guys.
The Boston Bruins are touring New England this summer, with a stop in Springfield on August 29.
Current Bruins players, coaches and executives will be on hand throughout the tour, along with NESN broadcasters Jack Edwards and Andy Brickley. They will be available to take photos, sign autographs, hold Q&A sessions with fans, among other activities.
In Springfield, the caravan will stop at Cyr Arena in Forest Park from 2-7 p.m. on Tuesday, August 29. Admission is free.
The tour's mission is to grow hockey in New England, and the team is prepared to provide new CCM hockey gear to kids between the ages of four and nine at each stop who have signed up for the Bruins Academy Learn to Play program. The Bruins estimate that they will outfit more than 4,000 youth hockey players. Registration for the program is open here.
Attendees are also welcome to participate in kid-friendly fitness activities, and NESN will provide virtual reality games.
The tour begins in August 26 in Portland, Maine. It then stops in Manchester, N.H., Burlington, Vt. and Springfield, before continuing to Hartford and Providence. The final stop will take place during Bruins training camp in September.
The full schedule is below:
Saturday, August 26
Portland, ME at Monument Square, 12- 6pm (456 Congress St, Portland, ME 04101)
Sunday, August 27
Manchester, NH at Arms Park, 12-6pm (10 Arms St, Manchester, NH 03101)
Monday, August 28
Burlington, VT at Burlington International Airport, 2-7pm (1200 Airport Dr, South Burlington, VT 05403)
Tuesday, August 29
Springfield, MA at Forest Park, 2-7pm (200 Trafton Rd, Springfield, MA 01108)
Wednesday, August 30
Hartford, CT at Bushnell Park, 2-7pm (60 Elm St, Hartford, CT 06106)
Thursday, August 31
Providence, RI at ALEX AND ANI City Center, 2-7pm (2 Kennedy Plaza, Providence, RI 02903)
It's summer, which means lots of us are going to be spending more and more time outside, enjoying the summer sun. Whether you're going on low-key hikes, riding horseback, playing in a casual sports league, or training for a marathon, chances are you're going to get some sore muscles — and for those of you who are interested in soothing products made with cannabidiol (CBD), there's good news. Wellness company Life Elements is launching a new collection that includes a CBD bath bomb that works to relieve sore muscles like your very own personal masseuse.
The collection includes five different products, all containing CBD derived from hemp that is organically grown in Colorado. There are two apply-directly-to-the-skin sticks, including one for ache and pain relief ($20) and one for everyday skin repair ($16), plus "Lip Goo" ($7.50) and sugar scrub ($21).
But what's extremely exciting, of course, is the Bliss Ball bath bomb, which retails at $14 for 50mg of hemp CBD (aka the "Swedish Massage"), $16.50 for 100mg (the "Sports Massage"), and $20 for 200mg (the "Deep Tissue Massage"). Life Elements calls the Bliss Bomb an "effervescent, skin softening and aromatic bath bomb with soothing relief for sore muscles, joints and cramps" that will "envelop your muscles in the anti-inflammatory goodness of CBD" to soothe away your tension and aches.
For folks who aren't experienced with CBD, it's totally understandable to be a little cautious, given the stigma surrounding anything to do with cannabis. First and foremost, it's important to note that CBD, which Life Elements uses in its products, is different from THC, another compound derived from cannabis. THC is what causes the high of smoking marijuana, Healthline reports, and CBD doesn't do the same.
According to Healthline, "[s]tudies on CBD oil and pain management have shown a great deal of promise," despite the fact that "CBD products aren't approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for any medical condition," and "[t]hey aren't regulated for purity and dosage like other medications." Researchers think that CBD works on pain because it "interacts with receptors in your brain and immune system," creating "anti-inflammatory and painkilling effects that help with pain management," Healthline reports.
Healthline also mentions that CBD could potentially be an alternative to habit-forming treatments like opioids, but we simply don't know enough about CBD's pain relief effects yet to make a solid judgment. For now, though, there have been studies that "concluded CBD was effective in overall pain management without adverse side effects," Healthline reports.
And as for the Bliss Ball's other half, honey, things are looking, well, buzzworthy. According to WebMD, "many people swarm to honey for its antibacterial and anti-inflammatory properties," and "[h]olistic practitioners consider it one of nature's best all-around remedies." WebMD notes that manuka honey is currently used in products like Medihoney, "which the FDA approved in 2007 for use in treating wounds and skin ulcers."
Dr. Frank Bongiorno, a wound care specialist, told WebMD that honey, when purified with ultraviolet light, "works very well to stimulate healing" because of its acidic pH content. That content makes the honey "soothing and feels good to the wound."
Since the Bliss Ball packs both CBD and honey, it's a double whammy of natural ingredients that have been known to give folks a little relief. And, FYI, the whole collection is cruelty-free, plus the products do not contain any harsh chemicals, preservatives, aluminum, colorants, foaming agents or synthetic fragrance, according to Life Elements.
If you've been looking to try CBD products, treating yourself to a spa day at home via bath bomb may just be the perfect way to kick off summer.
Lisa has been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. She rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash and joined the freelancer economy. Alongside Naked Security Lisa has written for CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Toly Bread Co Ltd
* Says co's Dongguan-based wholly owned unit plans to transfer 100 percent stake in its Nanchang-based and Changsha-based units to the co respectively
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/TY9tfH
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
LAHORE, Aug 13 (APP): Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General
Qamar Javed Bajwa on Sunday at 12:00am hoisted the world's 8th
largest and South Asia's largest flag at Wagha Border on the eve
of the 70th Independence Day.
The flag was hoisted on a 400-feet pole whereas
the size of the flag is 120 feet by 80 feet.
The flag has been made entirely in Pakistan, and is
the highest flag in South Asia and the 8th highest in
the world.
The flag was hoisted in a park adjacent to Wagha Border.
This is the exact place where the national flag was hoisted
for the first time after Pakistan came in to existence.
Aug 14 (Reuters) - Australian shares are expected to open lower on Monday, weighed by miners, as base metal prices slumped amid escalating tensions between the U.S. and North Korea. Chinese iron ore futures fell nearly 5 percent in a selloff triggered by a sharp retreat in steel prices amid concerns the Shanghai commodities exchange will lift margins on rebar contracts to fight speculative trading. The local share price index futures fell 0.1 percent to 5638, a 55.1-point discount to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark fell 1.2 percent on Friday. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index fell 0.05 percent or 3.8 points to 7715.31 at 22:08 GMT. (Reporting by Shanima A in Bengaluru; Editing by Chris Reese)
In consideration of the plight of health-seeking public and to give room for an amicable resolution of its dispute with the Federal Government, the Joint Health Sector Unions (JOHESU) has agreed to suspend its 44 days old strike on Friday, June 1, 2018.
This decision followed the intervention of the National Industrial Court (NIC) which offered to take over the mediation process between the striking health workers and the government.
Before now, a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), The Incorporated Trustees of the Kingdom Human Rights Foundation (KHRFI) had obtained a court order against JOHESU; mandating the health workers to suspend their industrial action on the 21st of May, 2018.
But, in pursuit of its constitutional rights to either comply or challenge the court order, JOHESU filed an appeal at the Appellate Court.
However, the leadership of JOHESU decided to sheath its sword and direct the members of the union to resume duties since the NIC, as a neutral and impartial organ of the Judiciary, has mandated its mediation centre to take over the negotiation and reconciliation processes within the next 24 hours in the interest of the public.
Disney Company Drops YouTube Star PewDiePie Over Anti-Semitic Jokes
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Lamparski/Getty Images John Lamparski/Getty Images
A prominent YouTube star has lost a lucrative contract after The Wall Street Journal pointed out a series of anti-Semitic jokes and Nazi-related images in his videos.
Felix Kjellberg is better known as PewDiePie — a profane, prolific video producer and comedian. He rose to prominence largely through videos of him playing video games, but now creates a wide range of popular videos, from pranks to sketches to commentary.
He's the most popular video producer on YouTube, with more than 50 million subscribers. His videos have been watched, collectively, billions of times.
In a report on Monday, the Journal noted that Kjellberg's popularity led to a "multimillion-dollar" deal with Walt Disney Co., which owns Maker Studios, a firm that handles Kjellberg's business.
The newspaper continued:
"Since August, PewDiePie has posted nine videos that include anti-Semitic jokes or Nazi imagery, according to a review of his channel by The Wall Street Journal. "On Monday after the Journal contacted Disney about the videos, the entertainment giant said it was severing ties with Mr. Kjellberg."
Kjellberg is also the star and creator of a show featured on YouTube's new paid service, YouTube Red. Engadget reported Tuesday that YouTube has canceled the second season, and is removing Kjellberg's channel from the "Preferred" category. "Kjellberg will still be able to run ads against his videos, but will likely see a drop in revenue," the site reports.
Three of the nine videos flagged by the Journal have since been pulled down, apparently deleted by Kjellberg.
In one video — which is still live — Kjellberg paid two men to write "Death to all Jews" on a sign and dance beneath it. He reacted with apparent disbelief when they actually did it. A brief caption beneath reads, "Trying to hide a smile from triggered SJWs," which is short for "social justice warriors," Internet slangs for liberal activists — who might complain about a sign saying "Death to all Jews."
After a long pause, he said, "I'm sorry. I didn't think they would actually do it. I feel partly responsible. ... I mean, I gotta give them five stars for an outstanding experience because at least they did what I asked."
In other videos, Kjellberg donned a Nazi-style cap, showed images of swastikas and pretended to try to resurrect Adolf Hitler. In many cases, he was mocking the media for characterizing him as "racist."
Kjellberg defended the anti-Semitic content of his videos as jokes, taken out of context by their critics.
In one of the videos, now deleted, Kjellberg said, "We're going to have to start separating what is a joke, and what is actually problematic," according to the Journal.
In a post on Tumblr, Kjellberg wrote:
"I think of the content that I create as entertainment, and not a place for any serious political commentary. I know my audience understand that and that is why they come to my channel. Though this was not my intention, I understand that these jokes were ultimately offensive. "As laughable as it is to believe that I might actually endorse these people, to anyone unsure on my standpoint regarding hate-based groups: No, I don't support these people in any way."
But Jonathan Vick, an associate director of the Anti-Defamation League, told the Journal the apologies were insufficient.
"Just putting it out there brings it more and more into the mainstream," he told the newspaper.
The neo-Nazi site Daily Stormer said something similar — approvingly. The white supremacist website celebrated Kjellberg's videos, and at one point wrote:
"Some may ask 'Is Pewdiepie really racist? Is he really a Nazi? Does he really want to kill all Jews?' Who knows. He could be doing all this only to cause a stir things up and get free publicity. Ultimately, it doesn't matter, since the effect is the same; it normalizes Nazism, and marginalizes our enemies."
Bloomberg News notes this is not the first time Kjellberg's videos have gotten him in trouble with major tech brands.
"Twitter Inc. briefly suspended his account last year after he posted a profile picture that could be viewed as obscene," Bloomberg writes. "Kjellberg made matters more confusing by claiming, in jest, that he had been suspended because he had joined the Islamic State."
An earthquake measuring 3.5 points occurred today in Chui region at 9.44 am. Press service of the Ministry of Emergency Situations reported.
The focus of the quake was located 70 km south-east of Bishkek, 13 km south-west of Prigorodnoye village, 38 km south of Tokmak. In Prigorodnoye village, the force of the tremors reached 3 points, in the villages Arpa-Tektir, Kegeti, Koshoy, Karagul and Chon-Zhar — 2.5 points.
At 10.06 am, a 3-point earthquake was recorded in Jalal-Abad region. The epicenter was 3 km south-east of Zhaz-Kechuu village (3 points), 10 km south-east of Kyzyl-Unkur village and 34 km south of Kok-Zhangak village (2.5 points).
According to preliminary data, no victims or damages were reported.
Since taking over the England reins, Gareth Southgate's workplace has been their St George's Park training complex in Staffordshire.
Yet the 47-year-old still calls the peaceful North Yorkshire spa town of Harrogate home.
Watch Leeds United fan celebrates England win wildly in bar full of Colombians
Southgate first moved to Harrogate in the early 2000s, after signing for Middlesbrough, with his wife Alison, and the couple have raised their two children, now 19 and 15, in the town.
He owns the six-bedroom, 16th-century mansion Swinsty Hall - overlooking a scenic reservoir between Leeds and Harrogate - which is one of the few Grade I-listed properties in Yorkshire still in private ownership.
GALLERY: England fans watch penalty shoot-out win in Leeds city centre
The family have extensively renovated the four-storey house, which has a Great Hall, master and guest suites, a wine cellar and a cinema room. The grounds contain a two-bedroom cottage, a barn, an Elizabethan knot garden and a stream.
In 2013 the Southgates put their mansion on the market with an asking price of over £3million, but the estate - which is reputed to be haunted by the ghost of a man who stole valuables from plague victims - is no longer for sale.
Harrogate-based England fan on his experiences watching England in Russia
The family have been spotted socialising in local bars and shopping in town centre boutiques, while their son Flynn has played football for a junior club in the area and is also a talented cricketer. Gareth is involved in community events, having previously taken part in a Q&A session at Rossett High School.
Yorkshire Post illustrator Graeme Bandeira has bumped into Southgate several times at football events in Harrogate, and has also seen him shopping at luxury cosmetics store Molton Brown.
"He's very approachable and involved. If you ask him to do a kids' football presentation evening and he has the time, he will do it," said Graeme, who is also a junior football coach.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Australia's prime minister said he was disappointed that excerpts of an off-the-record speech he gave at Parliament House parodying President Donald Trump were broadcast by a television network on Thursday.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull made fun of both Trump and the Australian government's dismal opinion polls during a lighthearted speech on Wednesday night at an annual ball hosted by the Federal Parliamentary Press Gallery.
“Donald and I, we are winning and winning in the polls. We are winning so much. We are winning like we have never won before,” Turnbull said in a speech apparently recorded on a phone and broadcast by the Nine Network. The crowd laughed.
“We are winning in the polls. We are, we are — not the fake polls, not the fake polls — they're the one we're not winning in. We're winning in the real polls, you know, the online polls. They are so easy to win,” he added to more laughter.
“Did you know that? I know that, did you know that? I kind of know that. I know that. They are so easy to win. I have this Russian guy …” Nine broadcast concluded.
Turnbull's first telephone conversation with Trump in January over a refugee resettlement deal was, in Trump's words, “testy.” But the two leaders made a public show of solidarity and friendship when they met for the first time in New York in May.
While Turnbull is rarely critical of Trump in public, he mocked the president off-the-record.
Turnbull's office and the press gallery reacted angrily to the speech being broadcast. Turnbull said he was disappointed by the leak, telling Melbourne Radio 3AW: “it's a breach of protocol, it's a breach of faith and all those things.”
“But you know, it's light hearted, it's affectionate, good natured and the butt of my jokes was myself,” Turnbull said.
Federal Parliamentary Press Gallery President Andrew Meares said the ball committee was disappointed that guests at the ball had not complied with the non-publication request for the speeches of the prime minister and opposition leader.
The veteran political journalist who reported the speech, Laurie Oakes, said he did not attend the ball and did not accept reporting should be banned at a function hosted by journalists.
“The idea that there be no leak with hundreds of people in the room armed with mobile phones is just ridiculous,” Oakes said.
Ariana Grande has been sporting a huge diamond sparkler on her ring finger over the last few months, which many speculate is an engagement ring from her boyfriend, Mac Miller. While neither Ariana nor Mac have confirmed any of the rumours, it's pretty clear that the two are head over heels for each other. In addition to their emotional reunion following the Manchester bombing at Ariana's concert in May and their public debut as a couple at the MTV Video Music Awards in 2016, they aren't shy about showing PDA on social media. The duo often share snaps of themselves kissing and hugging on Instagram, and we have to admit, they look pretty darn cute together. Keep scrolling to see some of Ariana and Mac's sweetest moments together.
What a difference a year makes.
Last year, streaming services nabbed 10 Golden Globe nominations between Amazon and Netflix (5 each) — an impressive haul, to be sure. But this year, they proved that they're a force to be reckoned with on the awards scene.
While HBO retained its lead atop the list of most nominated networks at the Golden Globes, Netflix jumped to second place, with 9 noms (to HBO's 12). And while Amazon fell to just 3 noms (thanks to the snubs of “Transparent” and perennial Globes favorite “Mozart in the Jungle”) Hulu made its presence known with three nods for “The Handmaid's Tale.” That overall total of 15 noms outpaces broadcast, which only earned 8 overall (5 for NBC, 3 for ABC).
Netflix's surge to second place is credit to the wide range of series on the streamer. While the western “Godless” and serial killer thriller “Mindhunter” didn't quite make the cut, several others did: “The Crown” (2 noms), “Master of None” (2), “Stranger Things” (2), “13 Reasons Why” (1), “GLOW” (1) and “Ozark” (1). Netflix has two of the five contenders in the drama race, as it did last year: reigning champion “The Crown” and “Stranger Things.” “Master of None” broke into the comedy race, as did its creator/star Aziz Ansari.
It's no surprise that Hulu made its mark on the Globes: Its dystopian drama “The Handmaid's Tale” won near universal acclaim and captured the best drama trophy at this summer's Emmy Awards. Now the question for Hulu is what's next, beyond that show's second season. Buzzworthy 2018 offerings include the 9/11 thriller “The Looming Tower,” starring Jeff Daniels, and Beau Willimon's futuristic drama “The First,” with Sean Penn set to make his TV debut.
Globe voters have always had a love affair with Amazon — recognizing “Mozart in the Jungle” and “Goliath.” The streamer worked its magic again this time out, with two nominations for “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” and a surprise nod for Kevin Bacon in “I Love Dick.” They weathered the shutout of “Transparent,” which had to have been impacted by the sexual harassment allegations against series star Jeffrey Tambor. (Similarly, Netflix's “House of Cards” got shut out, but it's never been a major force at the Globes; Robin Wright landed the show's only nod last year.)
How this success will impact Amazon's 2018 strategy remains to be seen, as the streamer searches for a replacement for head of content Roy Price, who stepped down amid his own allegations of sexual harassment. The studio is said to be embracing a new programming strategy, mandated by Jeff Bezos, focusing away from niche series and more on high-end dramas with global appeal, like its upcoming adaptation of “Lord of the Rings.”
Mars Rover Curiosity's Panoramic Photo Depicts Its Epic Journey
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS
Here's a reminder that while you are out in the world buying groceries, picking up dry cleaning or catching up on The Crown, NASA's Mars rover Curiosity is on the red planet doing work.
The nuclear-powered mobile science laboratory has been slowly roving across the surface of Mars since 2012, searching for evidence of the conditions that once made the planet capable of sustaining life. And earlier this week, while on a brief break from mountain climbing, Curiosity sent home a giant batch of photos showing what the rover has been up to over the last three months.
Mars mission members stitched together those images — taken from a vantage point of more than 1000 feet above the floor of the Gale Crater, where the rover first landed — to create this panoramic image:
The view from "Vera Rubin Ridge" on the north flank of Mount Sharp encompasses much of the 11-mile route the rover has driven from its 2012 landing site, all inside Gale Crater. Jet Propulsion Laboratory YouTube
"Even though Curiosity has been steadily climbing for five years, this is the first time we could look back and see the whole mission laid out below us," Curiosity Project Scientist Ashwin Vasavada of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, in Pasadena, Calif., said in a statement.
"From our perch on Vera Rubin Ridge, the vast plains of the crater floor stretch out to the spectacular mountain range that forms the northern rim of Gale Crater," said Vasavada. The rover photographed the scene shortly before northern Mars' winter solstice, a season of clear skies, gaining a sharp view of distant details.
Curiosity's impressive panorama stretches across more than 30 miles and shows the route that the rover has taken since 2012.
Curiosity will soon go back to its previous work of drilling for soil samples, this time along the Vera Rubin Ridge. Drilling has been on hold while mission members at JPL figured out how to work around a mechanical problem with stabilizer points of the drill that appeared in late 2016. It seems the California team has come up with a solution that does not require using the stabilizing points, and instead moves the whole drill forward by motion of the robotic arm.
JPL is also preparing for the launch in May of a new lander called InSight. It'll be the first interplanetary launch from the West Coast. The trip to Mars takes about six months and once it's on the planet the lander will begin studying the deep interior of Mars. Using an ultra-sensitive seismometer it will listen for seismic waves bouncing through the planet created by marsquakes. That allows scientists to study what the rocky planet is made of.
Scientists have been interested in learning about the geological activity of Mars for some time, as Space.com reports, "both for the sake of science and for anyone who might go there."
"With NASA striving to take humans back to the Moon and onto Mars and beyond, understanding the geologic activity of the planet can aid in future mission planning," David Ferrill of the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio, Texas, explained.
Media companies have to make hard choices to disassociate themselves from even the most lucrative content like ABC's “Roseanne” when they become tainted by offensive sentiments, 21st Century Fox CEO James Murdoch said Tuesday in an interview on stage at the Code Conference in Palos Verdes, Calif.
“You have to make the right call,” he said. “It's not just about keeping the audience going. It's what's the right thing to do for your company.”
Murdoch touched on the controversy in a Q&A with Recode senior editor Peter Kafka as well as a wide range of issues ranging from Fox's own future with Disney (or Comcast) to diversity challenges in Hollywood.
Acknowledging that his own father gave up on Twitter after getting flak for some of his tweets, Murdoch commented on the double-edged sword social media can often be.
“I think people tweeting in a public space, there's always risk there,” he said. “There's a balance between them having a voice out there and what they are doing for their brand and the business overall. You have to be careful about that.”
He was mum on his own future now that he confirmed he's stepping down from the company his father, Rupert, founded. “It's been the five-year mark since I moved back to New York. I think it's time to do something new.”
Related Bob Iger Recounts His Path to Disney Comcast Starts Promoting Fandango Movie-Ticketing Through X1 Set-Tops
Murdoch opted not to stay on at New Fox, the new company to be formed after 21st Century Fox sells much of its TV and entertainment holdings to Disney, after Fox announced last month that his brother, Lachlan Murdoch, and John Nallen were being tapped to run the new company.
The New Fox assets would include the Fox Broadcasting Co. network and its TV station group, and the Fox News and Fox Sports operations.
Murdoch deflected questions on whether Fox would spurn Disney's offer for Comcast, making clear that no actual offer from the latter company has been officially tendered. Instead, he stuck to touting the rationale for the Disney deal in the first place.
“The reason we're looking at this combination with Disney we agreed to be we think the resulting firm is a very attractive business precisely because we have a velocity and scale with that is very complementary to theirs,” he said.
Murdoch acknowledged that his own company has had to deal with significant controversies, particularly at Fox News. He said management has been aggressive about enacting new measures ensuring the kind of sexual harassment alleged to have occurred during the Roger Ailes era is no more.
“If somebody doesn't know now at Fox News that nothing is going to protect them if they have behaved that way, that would be incredible to me,” he said.
Since the Disney-Fox deal was first broached, there was rampant speculation about Murdoch seguing into a new position at Disney.
It's doubtful any further activity on that front will happen until after June 12, when a ruling on the AT&T-Time Warner merger may help clarify what the regulatory outlook will be for a Comcast bid. Lacking a distribution component to its business, Disney had always been seen as the easier path for Fox.
Fox itself has been waiting for regulatory approval on Sky, which is expected in the coming months.
Last month, James Murdoch called U.K. regulators to examine Comcast's counterbid for satellite TV platform Sky. While Fox has been trying to acquire the 61% of Sky that it doesn't own, Comcast has made its own $31 billion offer for Sky.
Britain's government secretary for media, Matt Hancock said last month that Comcast's bid to buy Sky does not raise the same kinds of concerns as 21st Century Fox's proposed takeover and that he is therefore not inclined to order the same level of regulatory review of the Comcast offer that Fox's bid is still undergoing.
It's difficult to believe that U.S. Sen. Debbie Stabenow supports the status quo on taxes, writes Rep. Klint Kesto. (Photo: Rachel Woolf / Special to The Detroit News)
Is our senior senator more beholden to the political party she caucuses with in Washington, D.C., than to the hardworking Michigan voters who sent her there in the first place? It seems that way, given her refusal to support historic, first-in-a-generation comprehensive tax reform to help to struggle middle class families and the small businesses that employ them.
Not long ago Sen. Debbie Stabenow vowed to champion reform that “simplifies” the code, “puts more money back into the pockets of hardworking families, helps small businesses, and spurs job creation.” The senator made that declaration at the end of September, barely more than two months ago. What since has changed? In a rebuke to Michigan families, she voted against tax reform that would achieve these very objectives.
Does Stabenow no longer believe Michigan families deserve relief? Is she no longer swayed by the power of small businesses to lift up individuals, support families, and strengthen the communities in which they operate? Would Sen. Stabenow prefer they close their doors and flood the market with jobless Michiganders? Or, would she rather they expand, improve and increase their product offerings, while creating more jobs and ensuring more opportunity?
It's difficult to believe that Stabenow supports the status quo on taxes. The current U.S. tax code is untenable, probably because it has been more than 30 years since Congress last tackled it in any meaningful way. Today, that tax code is unrelentingly hostile towards enterprise, while the regulatory framework in which it is ensconced has become impenetrably dense and difficult to navigate.
In fact, mere compliance with the federal income tax each year costs the U.S. economy more than $233.8 billion in productivity.
Does Stabenow think that's either fair, or sustainable?
Not only is America's top corporate tax rate 39 percent (combined state and federal), it's also the highest among the world's industrialized countries. In shocking contrast, the top worldwide corporate tax rate average sits now at 22.5 percent, steadily on the decline from a 2003 high of 33 percent. The result has been American, and Michigan, companies continually disadvantaged among their foreign competitors, with less to invest in their products and people; lower wages and fewer jobs; less frequent innovations; and a U.S. economy ranked 35th out of 35 countries on the Tax Foundation's annual corporate tax competitiveness index.
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act currently in conference between the House and the Senate will reverse these trends, and place America back on track to a healthy, growing, sustainable future. It will ensure a pro-investment, pro-growth, pro-jobs economy that will directly benefit Michigan employees and employers alike, providing a much-needed boost to America's ailing middle-class. Among many other things, it will nearly halve the tremendous burdens on S corporations (often individuals, and usually subject to the top income tax rate) and other small businesses to 25 percent. Coupled with a top corporate tax rate reduction to 20 percent, it will lead to more and higher wages, and much greater investment.
These reductions should be of particular interest to Michigan small businesses, and specifically to the more than 600 automobile dealerships throughout the state. Not only will their rate reductions spur greater purchasing, more growth and hiring beyond the 36,000 Michiganders they already employ; the specific exemptions they will enjoy to the annual limits on deducting interest payments (they pay much more in interest than most businesses, as they rely on loans to buy cars from automakers that they then sell to consumers) will ensure they can continue to build upon Michigan's proud automobile history.
It's time for Stabenow to stand up for her Michigan constituents, and to tell her D.C.-party leadership to do the same for America.
Rep. Klint Kesto, R-Commerce Township, represents Michigan's 39th House district.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iSGMfB
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (Reuters) - The enraged father of three daughters who were sexually abused by Larry Nassar lunged at the former USA Gymnastics national team doctor and tried to attack him during a sentencing hearing in a Michigan courtroom on Friday.
The father, Randall Margraves, was nearly within striking distance of Nassar before officers tackled him to the floor in front of shocked spectators including his daughters. The judge later accepted Margraves' explanation that he “lost control” of his emotions and said she would not punish him.
The chaotic scene began minutes after sisters Lauren and Madison Margraves had concluded tearful victim statements on the second day of a sentencing hearing in Eaton County, following similar presentations by scores of other women through previous court sessions.
Nassar has already been sentenced to up to 175 years in prison for his guilty plea in neighboring Ingham County to molesting young women under the guise of medical treatment. He is scheduled to receive an additional sentence on Monday for his guilty plea to related charges in Eaton County.
At a news conference with his family and attorney hours after the outburst, Margraves apologized for his behavior, saying he was “remorseful” and “embarrassed” for losing his composure.
“I am no hero. My daughters are heroes, and all the victims and survivors of this terrible atrocity,” he said, adding that he became enraged when “I had to hear what was said in those (victim) statements, and I had to look over at Larry Nassar shaking his head.”
Margraves said he had never heard the explicit details of what his daughters endured at the hands of Nassar until he listened to their accounts in court.
A tall, burly man with thick gray hair, Margraves said his relationship with his daughters had long been “strained, distant and difficult. Now I know the main reason. The reason was Larry Nassar.”
“Now I have to deal with the fact that I failed to protect my daughters,” he added.
The courtroom disturbance came after Margraves, standing alongside his daughters and wife, asked if Judge Janice Cunningham, as part of sentencing, would “grant me five minutes in a locked room” with Nassar.
The judge replied that was not an option and rebuked Margraves for his vulgar language in calling Nassar “a son of a bitch” in court. Margraves then asked for one minute alone instead. The judge demurred again as some in the courtroom laughed uncomfortably.
The father then bolted towards Nassar, seated in an orange jumpsuit behind a nearby table. Margraves' daughters' hands flew to their mouths, and one of Nassar's lawyers moved to shield his client.
‘WHAT IF THIS HAPPENED TO YOU?'
Gasps, cries and shouts filled the courtroom as Margraves was wrestled to the floor, knocking items off a desk on the way down before he was handcuffed, while Nassar was whisked to safety.
Randall Margraves (L) lunges at Larry Nassar,(wearing orange) a former team USA Gymnastics doctor who pleaded guilty in November 2017 to sexual assault charges, during victim statements of his sentencing in the Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Michigan, U.S., February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
“One minute!” Margraves demanded repeatedly, his head pinned down. As uniformed officers pulled him from the courtroom, he implored them, “What if this happened to you guys?”
The judge then ordered a recess.
The attempted attack underscored the anguish Nassar's abuse has caused his victims' parents, some of whom were present in the doctor's exam room even as Nassar, unbeknownst to them, was molesting their children. Several have spoken in court about the guilt they feel for exposing their children to a sexual predator.
“I failed my own daughter,” Lynn Erickson said tearfully in court on Friday, as her daughter Ashley, one of Nassar's victims, wiped away tears.
Margraves' daughters had also described the impact on their parents. At Nassar's first sentencing hearing last month, his oldest daughter Morgan said her father “went out driving to look for him around East Lansing” after news of his abuse broke.
Slideshow (3 Images)
“I‘m not exactly sure what he would have done if he saw him,” she said. “However, he felt he still had to protect us in the way fathers do for their daughters.”
The county sheriff said his office would decide by next week whether to seek criminal charges against Margrave for his conduct. An online fundraising page at the website GoFundMe had collected more than $18,000 for the father's potential legal fees by early evening.
Following the recess in Friday's proceedings, the judge declined to cite Margraves for contempt of court.
”There is no way that this court is going to issue any type of punishment, given the circumstances of this case,“ Cunningham said.”
Social media users expressed near universal support for Margraves.
“We all understand this father's action,” said actor and pro-wrestler Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson. “Nassar's punishment will go far beyond sentencing. Behind bars, he'll soon know what hell means.”
The case against Nassar, who is also serving a 60-year federal term for child pornography convictions, has sparked investigations into how U.S. Olympic officials, USA Gymnastics, the sport's governing body, and Michigan State University, where Nassar also worked, failed to investigate complaints about him going back years.
In the latest fallout from the scandal, Valeri Liukin, the coordinator of the U.S. women's gymnastics team, said on Friday that he was resigning.
In a statement cited by NBC News, Liukin said, “The present climate causes me, and more importantly my family, far too much stress, difficulty and uncertainty.”
USA Gymnastics said in a statement that it had accepted Liukin's resignation.
Crime and drug overdoses are still seeing significant increases in Port Alberni, according to RCMP officer in charge Inspector Brian Hunter.
Hunter presented his quarterly report at a council meeting on Monday, April 23, where he stated that the number of criminal offences has gone up by 32 percent for the quarter compared to last year. The increase is mostly driven by property crime, which is up by 52 percent.
“That's drugs, one hundred percent drugs, that's driving that,” Hunter said on Monday.
Drug overdoses for the quarter are up by 90 percent, and Port Alberni has the highest number of drug overdose deaths per capita on the Island, he added.
READ: Island Health issues overdose advisory in Port Alberni
The detachment's major crime unit is investigating a number of large files with drug traffickers, including a significant child exploitation investigation where adult males were selling drugs to teenage girls for sex.
“We have hundreds of hours into these investigations,” said Hunter. “We need to get to the root of what's causing this.”
Like the last few quarters, Hunter said the community is experiencing a significant amount of recidivism with chronic offenders being charged and then released.
“Our job is to catch these bad guys—and girls—and get them before the courts,” he said. “We have zero control after that. It has been frustrating at times for us.”
READ: Property crime, shoplifting on the rise in Port Alberni
The detachment's hard work is reflected in its clearance rate, said Hunter, as the percentage of crimes solved in Port Alberni is at 59 percent, compared to the provincial average of 27 percent.
Port Alberni's RCMP detachment has drawn some criticism online, after a video of a mother taking down an alleged child predator was shared widely on social media. Although no charges have been laid in this incident, Hunter confirmed that there are two active investigations ongoing.
READ: Alberni RCMP ask for patience in child luring case
“Police work isn't like a TV show,” he said, regarding some of the major investigations. “Arrests don't just happen out of the blue. You have to have the evidence for that.”
He said he understands the frustrations of the community, given what information has been made available to the public.
“I'd probably be there, too, if I didn't know the whole story,” he said. “And there's a much bigger story to it.”
He also emphasized that the public should leave police work to the police, for safety reasons and also to avoid compromising an ongoing investigation.
“Somebody may have some good intentions out there, but it's just dangerous,” he said.
elena.rardon@albernivalleynews.com
Staff Reporter
Karachi
Four days good will cum training visit of PLA (Navy) Task Group to Pakistan concluded on Wednesday. Three Chinese Navy warships CHANG CHUN, JING ZHOU and CHAO HU were part of this task group under the command of mission commander Rear Admiral Shen Hao, Deputy Commander East Sea Fleet, Pakistan Navy news release said. During stay at Karachi, the officers and men of the visiting ships held professional discussions and interactions with counterparts from Pakistan Navy on the subjects of mutual interests. Chief of Naval Staff Admiral Muhammad Zakaullah visited PLA (N) ships and was accorded warm welcome upon arrival. The mission commander of Chinese Navy, Rear Admiral Shen Hao called on Senior Officials of Pakistan Navy and civilian dignitaries. In tandem, operational training activities, joint interactive sessions, table top discussions on professional topics and social events were also arranged between the officers and men of both friendly navies. At the end of the visit, a Passage Exercise (PASSEX) was conducted in the North Arabian Sea between Pakistan Navy Flotilla and PLA (N) task group to enhance interoperability between the two navies. During the exercise the platforms of both the navies performed tactical maneuvers and boarding as well as Go Fast drills. Different serials of Air Defence exercise and Anti Ship Missile Defence Exercise were also concluded.
Hannah Hauxwell, the lonely figure of Baldersdale, whose death at 91 was announced this week, had lived two opposite lives: the first in spectacular isolation, the other in the gaze of the world.
The watershed came in January 1973, when a Yorkshire Television documentary about a few hardy souls eking out an existence in the harsh north Pennine winter, was screened to the nation.
The programme's lyrical tone and intense, immaculate cinematography had marked it out as a classic even before the introduction of its central character after the commercial break.
But it is no exaggeration to say that the interview with her that followed broke the nation's heart.
It was not just that she had next to nothing – her income was less than £200 a year and there was neither electricity nor running water in her tumbledown cottage – but that she felt no right to any more.
Alone and unmarried, she spoke with the simple eloquence of one transplanted from another age, and when she had finished, and gone back out to tend her smallholding in the snow, she was a national heroine.
The television critic Sean Day-Lewis spoke next day of her “extraordinary dignity, simplicity and acceptance” which, he said, “shone without a hint of acting or editorial manipulation”.
Hannah had been “found” by the media before – most notably in a 1970 article in The Yorkshire Post – but it was Barry Cockcroft's film, Too Long a Winter, that got her noticed.
A more prosaic production might not have had the same impact, but in his hands her story became a symphony.
As soon as the programme had ended, the ITV switchboards lit up. Viewers wanted to know if she was all right; if they could help. In the coming days and weeks, so many food parcels and gifts arrived for her that they had to charter a helicopter to get them to her.
It was far from the drudgery of her day-to-day shopping, such as it was. Bread and milk had to be left for her on a wall, three fields away.
Hannah was now famous, and Cockcroft's cameras followed her again as she went to the Savoy in London to be feted at a Woman of the Year event. In subsequent, occasional appearances, she went on holiday abroad and met the Pope. A final, poignant episode showed her, too old to stay, bidding farewell to Low Birk Hatt Farm, and to the cottage that had sustained her.
Hannah Bayles Tallentire Hauxwell was born in the north Riding village of Sleetburn, the only child of farmers William and Lydia (née Tallentire).
They bought the 80-acre farm at Low Birk Hatt when she was three, but William died three years later and Hannah's Uncle Tommy took over its running. At 14, Hannah left Baldersdale School and joined the family firm. When Tommy and Lydia died within three years of each other, she was left, at 34, to tend the land alone.
It was nine years later that Alec Donaldson met her for The Yorkshire Post. “You may wish to salute, as I do, the lonely lady of Low Birk Hatt,” he wrote, “remote and independent but quietly content in her upland place, far from a world she tends to ignore.”
Less than three years later, she could ignore it no longer. A local factory raised money to connect her house to the national grid, and well-wishers gave her a cooker and a kettle.
When, finally, she moved on, to a cottage in Cotherstone, not far away but far less remote, the royalties from the books Cockcroft wrote with and about her were her pension.
In Cotherstone, she went to the Methodist chapel and joined an over-60s club. In 2016 she moved to a care home in Barnard Castle and, the following year, to a nursing home.
Her legacy is the extraordinary impact her first appearance had on viewers – which, as the reaction to this week's news demonstrated, is remembered fondly still.
A more tangible legacy is the nature reserve on what had been pasture land at Birk Hatt, which was designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest. Its is called and named Hannah's Meadow.
Her funeral will take place at the Methodist chapel in Barnard Castle, on Friday, February 16 at 11am.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Armenian National Committee of America (ANCA) Chairman Raffi Hamparian recently held a working meeting on Capitol Hill with U.S. Senator Robert Menendez (D-NJ) on a range of shared priorities, including the negotiation of a new U.S.-Armenia Double Tax Treaty.
This bilateral tax agreement, which would facilitate increased investment by removing the threat of earned profits being taxed twice, is among the ANCA's economic development priorities, along with Millennium Challenge funding for STEM education and direct Los Angeles to Yerevan commercial and cargo flights.
The U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee, on which Senator Menendez serves, is constitutionally charged with ratifying all treaties, including a future tax accord with Armenia.
"We are pressing forward with our pro-active engagement with the full range of American and Armenian stakeholders in support of a new U.S.-Armenia Double Tax Treaty," remarked Hamparian. The ANCA looks forward to the day when Senator Menendez and his colleagues on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee will have the opportunity to further strengthen America's partnership with Armenia by ratifying this long overdue bilateral accord."
In an opinion article late last year, Hamparian made the case for why a U.S.-Armenia Double Tax Treaty is mutually beneficial: "A new tax treaty would represent a great way to give substance to the rhetoric – from both Washington and Yerevan – about improving U.S.-Armenia bilateral relations. This accord would both reflect and reinforce the progress we saw last year [2015] with the signing of a U.S.-Armenia Trade and Investment Framework Agreement. It would, as well, create the conditions for the future growth of the U.S.-Armenia economic relationship, the continued development of bilateral government-to-government ties, and, of course, the strengthening of the enduring bonds of friendship that have long connected the American and Armenian peoples."
The current treaty governing double taxation issues between the two countries is the 1973 U.S.-U.S.S.R. Tax Treaty, an outdated forty year-old accord. The lack of a double tax treaty between the United States and Armenia creates legal uncertainty that deters potential U.S. investors, diverts investment flows and disadvantages American businesses seeking to invest in the Republic of Armenia.
PARIS (Reuters) - Botox-maker Allergan (AGN.N) has embarked on a big push in China where it plans to hire 200 additional staff this year and will also be on the lookout for potential acquisitions in the country, a senior executive told Reuters on Friday.
The drugmaker is about to complete a restructuring in which more than 1,000 staff will leave the company, more than 5 percent of its current workforce, as it faces a drop in revenues coming from new competition for its second most important drug, dry-eye treatment Restasis.
Speaking on the sidelines of aesthetic and cosmetic dermatology congress IMCAS in Paris, Allergan's Executive Vice President in charge of international operations Marc Princen said Allergan was eyeing annual sales of around $500 million in China by 2022.
The company recorded sales of around $180 million there last year, he said.
“At this point in time, 80 percent of our sales are in the U.S and 20 percent abroad. Over the next five years, we will bring the 20 percent to 30 percent,” Princen said in an interview.
“The focus will be on high potential must-win markets, for example China. We have added 300 staff there in 2017 and we grew revenues by 60 percent. We will add another 200 this year,” he said.
Princen said his team had identified 12 key markets outside the United States. Among them China, Brazil, Russia as well as European countries such as France, Italy, Germany and Spain.
“I am a strong believer in mainland Europe for instance. We can have double-digit growth there by doing the right things. At the moment, in Europe, we have growth of around between 7-8 percent, it will grow...” he said.
The executive said the company, which has recently bought Zeltiq Aesthetics for $2.48 billion, had many options to grow out of its own resources but that other acquisitions would also be considered.
“What we are not going to do : mega deals. We will not go into that. But we will buy early stage-products that we will develop and market further, the closer they are to launch, the better,” he said without giving further details.
“I will not go country by country on M&A. I would say though mainland Europe is important as well as Asia.”
Princen said 90 percent of the job cuts announced in November were completed.
“If we look at the proportion, its 800 departures in the U.S and 200 outside the U.S,” he said.
The company is due to publish its annual results on Feb.6.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):As many as 60 European Union election observers are being trained, who will eventually be sent to different areas of Pakistan to monitor the general election 2018.
This was informed by a two-member EU Election Observation Mission (EU EOM)-Pakistan 2018 comprising Media Analyst Inta Lase and Legal Analyst Colm Fahy, during a meeting with Associated Press of Pakistan (APP) Managing Director Masood Ahmed Malik here Wednesday.
The delegation explained that the mandate of the EU EOM was to observe all aspects of the electoral process and assess as to what extent the laws of Pakistan as well as its regional and international commitments were complied.
They said the observers would meet election officials, candidates and representatives of civil society and submit the reports based on their observation, to the core team in Islamabad. The exercise would help draw an independent and impartial conclusion about the election, they added.
The EU EOM members described it as a great opportunity to observe and analyze elections in Pakistan as part of EU Election Observation Mission (EOM). The mission currently comprised a core team of 10 election analysts based in Islamabad, besides 60 long-term observers , for deployment across the country in early July.
Inta Lase underlined the importance of social media in the present election, saying the mission would be observing the election campaign, electoral process as well as the role of media in news dissemination and coverage of elections.
Earlier, APP Managing Director informed the delegation that conduct of free, fair and peaceful elections was the prime responsibility of the Election Commission of Pakistan. The caretaker federal and provincial governments were making all necessary arrangements and providing support to the ECP in discharge of its constitutional duties, he added.
He also mentioned to the Code of Conduct prepared by the ECP for contesting candidates, presiding officers, polling staff and media. The law enforcement agencies deployed across the country for maintaining peace during the election process, he added.
He informed the visiting delegation that the ECP had prepared a code of conduct for media in consultation with the representatives of media organizations to ensure objective coverage of the election.
He briefed the delegation about the APP's organizational structure and functioning of its various services, including English, Urdu, Arabic, Siraiki, Pashto, Sindhi and Balochi.
He said APP was covering political activities of all political parties indiscriminately and ensuring that unbiased and authentic reports were disseminated to subscribers and general public.
Masood Malik said,”The organization arranges workshops for its correspondents before every election for extensive coverage of general polls and takes full responsibility of its contents as it only releases error-free and credible news.”
He said APP upheld excellent journalistic traditions by objective and accurate reporting while observing code of ethics with regard to responsible journalism.
“We enjoy a leading role by supplying authentic and credible news to the print and electronic media round-the-clock. Around 900 news containing important events and developments are put on wire daily for onward consumption by its subscribers,” he added.
Masood Malik said with strong editorial network at the headquarters, bureaus, stations as well as deployment of correspondents at district level, the news agency was rendering important professional contribution to cater to the requirements of print, electronic and pictorial media in various fields.
Facebook's former VP of ads has weighed in on the ongoing disaster involving his company's apparent negligence in allowing data on as many as 50 million users to be used for nefarious purposes by Cambridge Analytica. In a post on (what else) Facebook, Andrew “Boz” Bosworth gave variations on the line we've come to expect from tech in these situations: They're not supposed to do that, and anyway how could we have known?
“This is the opposite of our business model,” he wrote. “Our interests are aligned with users when it comes to protecting data.” What reason could you possibly have to be skeptical of this declamation?
He said much more than that, of course, and very earnestly indeed, but if you cut through the prevarication here's the simplified timeline:
Facebook deliberately allows developers to collect a bunch of data from users who authorize it, plus a bunch of their friends. (But developers have to promise they won't use it in certain ways.) Shady people take advantage of this choice and collect as much data as possible for use off the Facebook network in ways Facebook can't predict or control. (The quiz app in question is surely just one of many — this was an incredible opportunity for data snatchers.) Facebook fails to predict or control use of the data it released, and fails to protect users who never even knew their data had been released. (It also fails to learn that it has failed to control it.)
The rest is noise, as far as I'm concerned. Even if anyone really believes that sharing data about users is not the Facebook business model, who cares what its business model is? Whatever plausible sounding business model it had before donen't protect anyone, and didn't stop these characters from collecting and using data in all sorts of shady ways.
Of course there's the strong possibility that Cambridge Analytica and others misused the data, didn't delete it as promised, performed unsanctioned analyses on it. Oh no! Who would have thought someone would do that? The real question was what was Facebook expecting when it handed out data on millions essentially on the honor system?
Facebook's business model is monetizing your data (the data you give it, it must be said), one way or the other. It used to be one way, now it's the other. Soon it'll be yet another — but don't ever doubt that's at the core of every decision the company makes.
ABC has ordered a new reality dating show from Mike Fleiss, creator of “The Bachelor.”
Titled “The Proposal,” the 10-episode series will be hosted by former NFL quarterback and Season 5 Bachelor Jesse Palmer. Each one-hour episode of the 10-episode series will follow the male or female daters as they attempt to woo the mystery suitor with their words in a first impression round; bare their souls in a beachwear round; answer the mystery suitor's most pressing romantic questions; and strive to receive a seal of approval from the mystery suitor's most trusted family member in the final round.
After each phase, the daters who fail to connect with the mystery suitor are whittled down, leading to the reveal when the two remaining daters finally meet the mystery suitor for the first time and present a romantic proposal of their choice.
“The Proposal” is produced by Next Entertainment in association with Warner Horizon Unscripted & Alternative Television. Fleiss, Martin Hilton, James Breen and Jason Ehrlich serve as executive producers.
ISLAMABAD, July 4 (APP):Pakistan has so far invested $4.2 million in the Azerbaijani economy, said Azerbaijan's Deputy Economy Minister Rufat Mammadov during Azerbaijani-Pakistani business conference in Baku on Wednesday.
He said that both sides pay great attention to bilateral investments.
“I would like to note that a special working group was established between the Ministry of Economy of Azerbaijan and the Ministry of Commerce of Pakistan on the development of bilateral investment cooperation,” Mammadov said.
“It is gratifying to note that in Azerbaijan, there are 267 companies with Pakistani capital that operate in such areas as trade, communications, logistics and so on,” Trend News Agency reported.
Mammadov noted that the trade turnover between the two countries is also growing.
“There are all opportunities for further increasing the bilateral trade between our countries and both countries are very interested in this,” Mammadov said.
Azerbaijan's trade turnover with Pakistan amounted to $5.82 million in January-May 2018, which is 38.6 percent more than in the same period last year, according to Azerbaijan's State Customs Committee.
DJI is working on a “local data mode” for its apps that prevents any data from being sent to or received from the internet. The feature will be welcomed by many, but it's hard not to attribute the timing and urgency of the announcement to the recent ban of DJI gear by the U.S. Army over unspecified “cyber vulnerabilities.”
“We are creating local data mode to address the needs of our enterprise customers, including public and private organizations that are using DJI technology to perform sensitive operations around the world,” said Brendan Schulman, the company's VP of Policy and Legal Affairs, in a press release. The new feature should arrive before the end of September.
The Army memo, first published at Small UAS News and dated August 2, said that “due to increased awareness of cyber vulnerabilities associated with DJI products, it is directed that the U.S. Army halt use of all DJI products.”
It's not clear what these vulnerabilities actually are, or whether the mere possibility of sensitive information being transmitted was enough to spook someone at HQ.
DJI's flight control apps, from which users can launch and control drones, does indeed regularly phone home to make sure it is up to date, using current maps and so on. And if the user chose to, it would back up flight logs and media to DJI's servers. But the online functions aren't necessary for ordinary operation and flight, so local data mode doesn't affect airworthiness or anything like that.
Although DJI was not made aware of the Army's concerns ahead of time, the new mode has been in development for several months, according to the press release. So either a little bird told the company this was a possibility, or more likely it's just a smart option to include when your craft and apps are being put into national security and life-and-death type situations.
A DJI representative told TechCrunch that today's announcement isn't in response to the memo. Schulman, however, told The New York Times that “the Army memo caused customers to express renewed concern about data security.”
These statements may seem contradictory, but it's not hard to imagine that when a major client like the Army raises security concerns, others will join the chorus. So DJI can say the announcement today wasn't in response to the memo — not directly, anyway. But chances are we wouldn't be hearing about the feature until later had the memo not been publicized.
“We're not responding to the Army, which has never explained its concerns to us,” explained Adam Lisberg, DJI's corporate comms director for North America, in response to my inquiries along these lines. “We're accelerating the rollout of something we've been working on for a while. We announced it today because enterprise customers with serious data security have made clear they need something like this for a while, and the Army memo reinforced that concern for them. So we're addressing it quickly as part of our commitment to delivering what our enterprise customers need.”
It matters because DJI isn't a military-specific drone maker, like General Atomics, which makes Predators — though the chances of a Chinese company ever being so are slim to say the least. It's also a matter of public image: they're a company looking out for consumers and the occasional government contract, not a major participator in the military-industrial complex.
Clearly the company wants to signal that it takes its feature requests not from foreign governments, but from its valued users all over the globe, of which the Army happens to be one.
In order to land a new, lucrative career these days, it's often a good idea to cast a broad net and learn everything you can about multiple professional branches. Trying to enroll in all those courses separately can be a problem, especially when thoughtful training bundles exist.
Instead of wasting your time searching for the right courses, why not enroll in this Complete eduCBA Professional Training Lifetime subscription bundle? Right now at Android Central Digital Offers, you'll pay only $80 for unending access to the courses within. That's 98 percent off the regular price of $7,970!
You're getting here over 9,500 hours of training and 29,200 lessons in multiple branches of the professional world, including tech, finance, project management, and more. The 10 main bundles include:
Tech Training Lifetime Bundle
Soft Skills Lifetime Bundle
Finance Lifetime Bundle
Mobile Apps Lifetime Bundle
Project Management Lifetime Bundle
Test PRep & Certifications Training Lifetime Bundle
Design Lifetime Bundle
Office Productivity Lifetime Bundle
Business & Entrepreneurship Lifetime Bundle
Data & Analytics Lifetime Bundle
This bundle, which actually contains 10 smaller bundles, is an incredible value right now at just $80, down from nearly $8,000. If you're thinking about expanding your horizons, this might just be the opportunity you're looking for. Access remains open forever, so you can plan your education around your busy schedule. Don't wait too long, as this deal doesn't last forever.
Iran-Pakistan gas pipeline: intense pressures vs global market
2017-10-07 09:37 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, Oct. 4
By Omid Shokri Kalehsar - Trend:
Iran and Pakistan began work on the IP pipeline (aka Peace pipeline) in March 2013. The 2,700 kilometer-long pipeline is meant to deliver gas from the Assalouyeh Energy Zone in southwestern Iran to Pakistan.
Some 2000 km of the pipeline runs through Iran and 700 km through Pakistan. The generated revenue looks to be around $7.5 billion. Iran is planning to export 1.5 million cubic meters (mcm) per day natural gas to the country.
Iran has declared its intention to increase oil production and export capacity on countless occasions. Iran's Oil Ministry has recently presented a two-fold plan to achieve this; both short- and long-term.
The short-term program first aims to mitigate the effects of sanctions and get the country's industry and infrastructure back into shape. Iran's short term plan is to export natural gas to neighbors and in long term to European Market, Pakistan is one of Iran priorities to export gas.
Nothwithsdtanding the mutual agreements and concrete efforts which were supposed to be followed, Pakistan by October 2017 was unable to construct the necessary infrastructure in its own territory, blaming financial issues for the problem.
The problem is further compounded given that Pakistan is also planning to buy LNG from Qatar. During the former Presdinet Barack Obama's administration, the US asked India to use American technology and financial aid to construct nuclear facilities to generate electricity as a subsitute for import of Iranian natural gas through Peace Pipeline project. Against this background, then, it is clear that the Iran-Pakistan (IP) Project would face intense pressures.
Iran first priorities to export gas to neighbors, at present Iran hold less than 1 percent of world natural gas market and the Islamic Republic is planning to increase its share of natural gas market to 10 percent. If Pakistan wants to import natural gas or LNG form another supplier, Iran will lose Pakistan market.
In recent years, a fall in the cost of LNG has encouraged Pakistan to plan on importing more LNG from Qatar, and also from other suppliers rather than Iran.
Until 2016, Pakistan had no financial resources in its budget to construct the pipeline with Iran. According to the IP agreement, this project is expected to be completed by the end of 2018.
The significance of Iran's serious presence in the energy equations of the time zone is greater, as we know that the US has made a great effort to remove Iran from the energy equations of the region.
A clear example of this is the US efforts and pressure on India and Pakistan to prevent the implementation of the peace pipeline and replace the pipeline with a pipeline that transports Turkmen gas to India and Pakistan. The US effort to provide Pakistan's electricity from Tajikistan through the Casa-1000 Electricity Transmission Project is also being evaluated in the same vein.
Saudi Arabia and Qatar, struggling with heavy costs to prevent Iranian gas exchanges with regional countries through pipelines.
Before Qatar crisis, Doha followed a more active policy in terms of exports of more natural gas and LNG to its neighbors.
Iran and Qatar share South Pars Gas Field (the territory of Qatar is called the North Dome), the world's largest natural gas field.
Qatar exports oil and LNG from South Pars field but Iran was unable to export from this field due to economic sanctions imposed on it for its nuclear program.
Iran, however, hopes that it would produce more natural gas from this field and play key role in the regional and global natural gas markets as a result of lifting sanctions.
It seems that Saudi Arabia is also playing a key role in the delay in the implementation of the IP project, as well as the pressure on the Gulf states to avoid gas exchanges with Iran.
No country is interested to lose its share in the regional and global energy market. Every country tries to maximize its own benefits vis-a-vis other oil and gas exporters and use any means to find new customer and also sell oil and gas to another exporter's customers.
Omid Shokri Kalehsar is an Iranian energy analyst based in Washington, DC.
PanARMENIAN.Net - The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on Tuesday, February 14 granted Amazon a patent for a method to guide packages released from drones safely to the ground, CNN reports.
Previously the e-commerce giant had publicly released demo videos of its drones landing in yards to drop off packages. The company has testing for several years to determine the best method to deliver to customers in the future.
The patent suggests Amazon is considering keeping its drones high above customers' homes, an approach that could be more efficient and safe. In the document, Amazon said that landing a drone takes more time and energy than releasing a package from high in the sky. If Amazon's drones don't land in yards, this prevents potentially dangerous collisions between the drones and any people, pets or objects in a customer's yard.
The patent also describes how Amazon's drones would use magnets, parachutes or spring coils to release the delivery while in mid-flight. Once the package is released, the drone would then monitor the descending box to make sure it's dropping properly onto the desired landing patch.
For example, wind could potentially blow a package into a balcony, power line or tree. To solve this, Amazon's drones would radio a message to an off-course package, instructing it to deploy a parachute, compressed air canister or landing flap.
It's unclear when Amazon will launch drone delivery in the United States. Its current plan, which calls for automated drones flying without the direct supervision of a human, isn't legal today.
Amazon featured Prime Air in a light-hearted Super Bowl ad, in which Alexa told a customer she could look for delivery of Doritos soon. But the ad wasn't meant to be taken literally, and there is no launch date for the service in the United States.
Amazon did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the patent awarded Tuesday.
Competitors such as Google have shown off similar plans, in which a package is dropped from the sky. Late last year the drone delivery firm Flirtey completed an automated drone trial with 77 packages delivered from a 7-Eleven in Reno, Nevada. The flights were legal because Flirtey had a human supervise the flights, which were completed within a mile of the 7-Eleven. After extensive testing, Flirtey said it had found a way to drop a Slurpee without spilling a single sip.
Source: ‘Sheriff bungled Mugabe Con-Court case' – DailyNews Live
Gift Phiri 14 February 2017
HARARE – #Tajamuka leader Promise Mkwananzi's attorney has slammed the
Sheriff of the High Court for bungling the case in which the
Constitutional Court (Con-Court) dismissed the activist's challenge that
President Robert Mugabe was violating the Constitution by violently
quashing protests.
The Con-Court bench – led by Deputy Chief Justice Luke Malaba – threw out
the case last Wednesday after ruling that Mkwananzi had flouted proper
procedure by lodging his application to the wrong address.
Instead of delivering his court papers at Mugabe's offices at Munhumutapa
Building – the citadel of government power – Mkwananzi served the papers
at the New Government Complex.
But yesterday, Mkwananzi's lawyer, Kudzayi Kadzere – who consented to the
decision – told the Daily News yesterday that the sheriff, Mcdoff Madhega,
had submitted fake returns of service and false service to the courts.-*
The sheriff, his deputy or assistant deputy, executes all sentences,
decrees, judgments, writs, summonses, rules, orders, warrants, commands
and other process of the courts, and is obliged to make a return to the
court, together with the manner of the execution.
“He was supposed to serve the president at his Munhumutapa office in terms
of Rule 9 of the Constitutional Court rules but instead of doing so, filed
a return of service showing that service was effected at New Government
Complex.
“The sheriff is an officer of court and ought to take his duties
seriously!” Kadzere fumed.
“For him to bungle such an important case, which has never been heard
before in our jurisdiction, is unfortunate,” he said.
“Even more disturbing is that our client paid the requisite fees for the
sheriff's services considering the risk involved in us having to serve the
application ourselves on the president.”
Efforts to reach Madhega at the High Court yesterday were futile.
But Attorney-General Prince Machaya, who was the government lawyer during
the court hearing, in asking the Con-Court to dismiss the case, cited the
bungled return of service and also noted the application to the president
was supposed to be served within two days after filing it in the
Con-Court, which Kadzere said the sheriff again failed to do.
“He was also supposed to have served the application within two days of it
having been filed as per Rule 27 but he fumbled around for seven straight
days.
“For these reasons, the otherwise meritable application was dismissed,”
the 2015 northern region human rights lawyer of the year, said.
Central to the case was Mkwananzi's accusation that Mugabe was
overstepping his authority, and that the police force and army had gone
under the president's partisan control, which he argued was ultra vires
the Constitution.
He cited Mugabe's remarks at a war veterans meeting that followed one of
#Tajamuka/Sesijikile's protests last year, where the veteran leader said
his ruling Zanu PF disciplined renegades during the 70s liberation war
against white minority rule by burying them “underground like rats, in
bunkers” – threatening to unleash the same treatment on the protest group
leaders.
Mkwananzi described Mugabe's threats as “unconstitutional and un-president
like verbal onslaught.”
Mkwananzi wanted the Con-Court to declare Mugabe's actions
unconstitutional.
Kadzere has said they are going to re-apply within 30 days in terms of the
Constitution, adding that “we are not giving up”.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
The paneled library in our historic home in Provincetown, Massachusetts, is a small wing added to the house sometime in the 1920s. It literally juts out toward the harbor like the prow of a ship, nearly touching the water. Its most remarkable feature are two huge windows that frame the view. It is also one of the few rooms in the house that we painted, preferring to leave most spaces in their natural unadorned state. I struggled with finding the right color, eventually landing on Benjamin Moore's glorious, rich Dash of Curry. I think even I was surprised by its impact. In the morning it's invigorating, sparkling from the sun off the water. In the evening it envelopes you with the soft glow of candlelight. Without a doubt it's everyone's favorite spot in the house to nap, read or curl up by the fire with a glass of wine and a dog (or three) resting by your feet.
In a fitting and unusual tribute, the Prince Estate, alongside Pantone Color Institute, announced today the creation of a standardized custom color to represent and Prince.
The color, of course, is a shade of purple.
“Love Symbol #2” was inspired by his custom-made Yamaha purple piano, which was originally scheduled to go on tour with the artist before his death from an accidental drug overdose on April 21, 2016. From the 1984 film “Purple Rain” to multiple lyric references, wardrobe and vehicle choices and more, Prince has long been associated with the color. The announcement comes just weeks after the release of a deluxe edition of the “Purple Rain” album including previously unreleased tracks and a long out-of-print DVD of a 1985 concert.
“The color purple was synonymous with who Prince was and will always be. This is an incredible way for his legacy to live on forever,” said Troy Carter, Entertainment Advisor to Prince's Estate.
Laurie Pressman, Vice President of the Pantone Color Institute said: “We are honored to have worked on the development of Love Symbol #2, a distinctive new purple shade created in memory of Prince, ‘the purple one.' A musical icon known for his artistic brilliance, Love Symbol #2 is emblematic of Prince's distinctive style. Long associated with the purple family, Love Symbol #2 enables Prince's unique purple shade to be consistently replicated and maintain the same iconic status as the man himself.”
The Estate is in conversation with various partners about collaboration on products that incorporate the custom color.
Expert: Turkish economy's development - main merit of ruling party
2017-08-14 17:03 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, Aug. 14
By Rufiz Hafizoglu – Trend:
Development of Turkish economy is the main merit of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP), Kenan Yasan, Turkish journalist, columnist of several newspapers, told Trend.
He said that prior to AKP's accession to power, Turkey's economy was in a deplorable state.
“In 16 years, AKP managed to raise Turkey's economy to the world level,” Yasan said.
The expert believes that since AKP's accession to power, significant changes for the benefit of the country's citizens were made in the social sphere of Turkey.
“Another merit of AKP is in the fact that after its accession to power, indicators of democracy and human rights have significantly increased,” Yasan said.
He noted that a certain group of citizens, including the conservatives, had serious problems prior to AKP's accession to power in Turkey.
“One of these problems was related to the fact that women in Turkey, wearing Muslim head scarves, couldn't receive education, which led to serious polarization in the country,” he said.
Today, AKP is celebrating the 16th anniversary of its foundation in Turkey.
AKP was established August 14, 2001.
“Today is another day,” Julien said during his media availability at Madison Square Garden Monday afternoon. “We can't sit here day after day talking about what happened.
Julien's Montreal Canadiens lead the New York Rangers 2-1 in their best-of-seven Eastern Conference quarter-final following a dominant 3-1 win in Game 3 Sunday night . Game 4 is set for Tuesday night in New York, and Montreal's head coach wants his team prepared to press their advantage.
NEW YORK—Claude Julien is not living in the past. He hopes that his team isn't, either.
“We need to be ready to be at least as good as we were in the last game. That's where our focus has to be and not so much about sitting on all the good things we're talking about. We have to move on.”
“We have to start thinking about what needs to be done. I think we did a great job (Sunday) night. They're going to come out next game a lot better and we need to be ready for that.
To that end, the Canadiens held a video session Monday. The Rangers held a full team practice in which rookie right winger Pavel Buchnevich participated in power play drills, although New York coach Alain Vigneault would not reveal if he was contemplating making changes to a stagnant roster.
“I'm looking at all our options,” said Vigneault, who later added, “We have quite a few options up front and on ‘D.'
“We've got nine defencemen (so) it's between those nine and I've got 15 forwards. I'm going to decide (between) those 15 forwards.”
Whereas he was circumspect about his personnel decisions, Vigneault stressed his team needed to improve its puck management following a Game 3 in which the Rangers had 21 giveaways.
“We need to do a better job,” Vigneault said. “We had a lot of unforced turnovers (in Game 3) that we need to correct.”
The Canadiens' defensive structure in the neutral and defensive zones eliminated New York's greatest asset — its collective team speed. The Canadiens clogged the middle and took away passing lanes, so the Rangers spent much of Game 3 having harmless dump-ins intercepted at the blue line or cleared out by Carey Price and his defencemen.
The majority of New York's 21 shots came from the perimeter. Eighteen of the Rangers' 21 shots came at even strength and the other three were on the power play. Only Brady Skjei's first career playoff goal at 17:04 of the third came between Price and his 17th career shutout in the Stanley Cup playoffs.
“It (was) a lot about what we were doing,” Canadiens captain Max Pacioretty said. “It got them frustrated and got them off their game. They're a fast team and they need to have success by skating through the neutral zone with speed. We're trying to take that away from them as they're trying to do with us because we play so similar.
“That takes a full group. It starts with good back pressure and that leads to a good gap. It was easy on the D-men to have that good gap because guys were doing a really good job . . . of back pressuring them, forcing them to run right into our ‘D' early in the neutral zone. That's the way we try to play. They try to play similar and it's frustrating to play against.”
New York's giveaways — oddly Montreal was only credited with six takeaways in Game 3 — and inability to sustain offensive pressure allowed the Canadiens to counterattack. The Canadiens finished with 29 shots on goal and 51 attempted shots Sunday night. Over the course of the series, Montreal has significant advantages in shots on goal (118-90) and total attempted shots (222-176).
That the Canadiens have just seven goals is due the play of Henrik Lundqvist. The Rangers goaltender has a .941 save percentage and 2.28 goals-against average while working with a nearly nonexistent margin for error.
“He's played pretty well,” Julien said. “Give him credit. He's been pretty good in this series, so I think right now we're just playing our game and doing everything we can to score some goals knowing that their goaltender is really playing well for them.”
Dutch Fork wins fourth-straight, beats Lexington 29-7
IRMO, S.C. (WOLO) — Dutch Fork put the clamping on Lexington Friday night in a 29-7 win at home.
The Silver Foxes have now won four-straight games and improve to 5-1 this year.
Lexington falls to 5-3 this season.
Claira Care Well, this is one cause why there are so many pores and skin care merchandise in the market and maximum of the pores and skin care products appear to do pretty properly. We usually generally tend to accomplice pores and skin care to just correct seems. However, there is greater to it than simply that. There are more than one benefits associated with a healthy and sparkling pores and skin.
https://www.bluesupplement.com/claira-care/
Hi!
You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
Thanks,
TC Team
Operators are required to report any new tariffs to Trai within seven working days from the date of their implementation. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi: Bringing temporary relief to Bharti Airtel Ltd and Idea Cellular Ltd, the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) passed an interim order in which it said that until further orders, no penalty can be imposed on operators for not complying with the tariff reporting requirement to the telecom regulator.
However, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) is entitled to ask for details of discounts or concessions on tariffs which are offered by an operator to retain consumers, the tribunal said.
The clauses in the recent tariff order related to ‘reporting requirement' and ‘significant market power' were stayed by TDSAT on Tuesday.
This comes after Telecom Regulatory Authority of India on 15 March sent Airtel a show-cause notice where it pulled up the operator for failing to comply with tariff reporting requirements by not informing it about certain segmented tariffs offered to consumers to retain them.
The operator had sought interim relief from TDSAT in terms of reporting tariff requirements to the regulator.
Operators are required to report any new tariffs to Trai within seven working days from the date of their implementation after conducting a self-check to ensure the tariffs are transparent, non-discriminatory and non-predatory.
Trai issued new norms on 16 February which also require operators to transparently disclose segmented offers to retain customers on the company's website.
Moreover, discounts, rebates and waivers when applied to a tariff would give rise to a new and distinct tariff and this would mean that the offer of a discount was effectively the offer of a new tariff, Trai rules state.
The new norms also state that in case of violation of tariff reporting requirements, an operator can be penalised Rs5,000 for every day of delay, subject to a maximum of Rs2 lakh.
While Airtel and Idea have challenged the order before TDSAT, Vodafone moved the Madras high court.
Under the new rules, Trai can examine tariffs of a significant market player (SMP)—which is an operator holding a share of at least 30% of total activity in a relevant market—to determine the existence of predatory pricing.
It will also look at whether the tariff is below the firm's average variable cost over a certain period and whether there is evidence of a specific intent to engage in predatory pricing.
If the tariff is found predatory, an operator will be liable to pay a penalty of up to Rs50 lakh per tariff plan per telecom circle.
Incumbent operators say that the new order takes away the flexibility to compete and retain customers in a circle in which they are significant market players.
They also say that the change in Trai's definition of “total activity” will result in an unfair advantage to Reliance Jio, which enjoys huge traffic on its network.
The new definition of “total activity” is based on any of two parameters—subscriber base and gross revenue—while an earlier definition included subscriber base, revenue, switching capacity and volume of traffic.
Forget about the ugly Christmas sweater. That's sooooooooo 2016.
If you want to really wow your friends and family this holiday season, try Christmas tree eyebrows! That's right, this Christmas turn your brows into trees, using jewels, eye shadow, and lots and lots of glitter!
To begin, grab a decent eyebrow wax and spread your hairs out like tree branches. Next add the ornaments or jewels using a little eyelash glue. Optional, a little green glittery eye shadow to stay true to the theme. Of course, you'll want to top it with a bedazzled star.
#christmastreeeyebrows A post shared by Rachel Lauren (@_rachel_lauren1211) on Dec 9, 2017 at 3:00pm PST
Sorry I'm late to the party @cobrien200 & @sarahbobrien !!! 🤦🏽‍♀️ I figured since I was just gonna throw on my ugly Xmas jammies we'd be early but then #christmastreeeyebrows happened. 🎄 A post shared by »» ꔘ .🆂🅴. ꔘ «« (@shine.on__) on Dec 9, 2017 at 9:44pm PST
Of course you can also do Holiday Holly brows.
Merry Christmas!
Carlos Lizandara is next president of Spanish plastics industry organisation.
Carlos Lizandara has been elected as the new president of the Centro Español de Plásticos (CEP, Barcelona / Spain; www.cep-plasticos.com). The decision was made at CEP's 64th general assembly meeting on 25 April 2018 in Barcelona. He replaces José Luís Rodríguez, who has held the CEP presidency since 2010.
Lizandara has more than 30 years of experience in the European plastics industry. He joined the Bayer group in the Iberian region in 1976, where he worked in various functions in the areas of technical plastics, cellulose derivatives and raw materials for paints. Since 2007, Lizandara is director of the Polycarbonate division at Covestro.
The Nigerian Naira for the first time in a while caught a massive relief against the United States of America Dollar on Wednesday, May 30, at the parallel segment of the Nigerian Foreign Exchange Market.
The local currency on Wednesday, scooped three points against the greenback to close the day at N363/$1, against the rate of N366 which had stayed unchanged at the black market.
Against the British Pound Sterling, the local currency also appreciated exchanging at the rate of N497 and closed at ann improved rate of N425 against the European Single Currency,ro Eu
The recent surge of the Naira can be attributed to intervention of the CBN at the foreign exchange market
Acting Director, Corporate Communications of the apex bank, Isaac Okorafor, last week, in a statement reiterated the apex bank's commitment to intervene in the interbank foreign exchange market which is in line with pledge to sustain liquidity in the market and maintain stability.
He said the CBN would sustain its strategic management of the foreign exchange market with a view to reducing the country's import bills and halt depletion of its foreign reserves.
The Denver Broncos have a decision to make on Shane Ray.
Broncos general manager John Elway has until May 3 to decide if the team will pick up Ray's fifth-year option. Because Ray is a former first-round pick, the team has the option to add an extra year to his contract.
Slapping on a fifth-year option for Ray would cost the team $9,232,000 in 2019, according to Joel Corry of CBS Sports. That's quite a jump from the $2.9 million that Ray is set to cost this season.
Denver's decision may come down to choosing between Ray and Shaq Barrett, who recently signed a one-year, $2.914 million tender. As of today, Ray and Barrett are both scheduled to become free agents in 2019.
If you had to pick one, which would you choose: Ray or Barrett? Ray seems to be a better pass rusher but Barrett has looked like a better overall edge defender. Let us know your thoughts by voting in the poll below!
NORTHFIELD -- A budget hearing planned for the Pioneer Valley Regional School District School Committee Wednesday evening has been canceled, a district official said.
Tanya Gaylord, district treasurer, said an error was made in posting the meeting according to the state's Open Meeting Law. The error forced officials to cancel the meeting.
Gaylord said a hearing on the 2018-2019 budget is planned for Thursday, June 7.
The district is facing a $1 million deficit by the end of July, The Recorder reported.
Budget-slashing proposals include cutting sports to closing one or more of the district's schools, according to The Recorder.
The snow and the cold couldn't stop some locals from taking a dive for a great cause.
On Saturday, Feb. 3, the Fenton Polar Plunge held it's 10th annual challenge to raise money for the Special Olympics.
Angela Reeser is getting ready to jump into freezing cold Lake Fenton.
This isn't her first time either and no she's not out of her mind.
“Oh do it for sure it's the best thing ever like you think it's hard but it's super good and once you do it, it's so fast and refreshing,” Reeser said.
This is the third time Reeser is taking on the Polar Plunge to help raise money for the Special Olympics.
A cause close to her heart because her son participates as an athlete every year.
“It's so worth it. The adrenalin rush and jumping in and out. It's so fast. It's worth it,” Reeser said.
Now she said the cold doesn't bother her, she's even come up with a few tricks.
The repeat Polar Plungers know a thing or two about staying warm. They're even starting to wear water shoes just in case their feet get too cold.
This year's turn output in $95,000 thanks to more than 300 participants.
Pat Peters with Special Olympics hopes that every athlete can compete for free.
“This is a good thing that people are coming together and it doesn't matter where groups are from or what color they are or anything we're all here together for one good cause,” Peters said.
If you want a chance to bear the cold for a good cause but missed Saturday's plunge, then don't worry.
Michigan is home to 28 polar plunges just like this one.
“Jump in and have fun. For a lot of people this is on their bucket list as in do it once and then you can say you did it,” Peters said.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All right reserved.
Manoj Bajpayee in a still from ‘Aligarh'.
New Delhi: Veteran actor and filmmaker Shashi Kapoor, who passed away last week was not just Indian cinema's most charismatic stars but equally engaged with theatre, having founded the iconic Prithvi Theatre in Mumbai in 1978. Since Hindi film actors have quite a history of dabbling with live drama, here's a look at 10 people who did so.
Shabana Azmi: The National Award-winning actor of films like Ankur (1975) and Arth (1983) has done several stage plays, including M.S Sathyu's Safed Kundali, an adaptation of German epic theatre The Caucasian Chalk Circle, and Feroz Abbas Khan's long-running Tumhari Amrita along with Farooq Sheikh.
Naseeruddin Shah: The critically-acclaimed actor founded a theatre group called Motley Productions along with Tom Alter and Benjamin Gilani in 1977. Their first play was Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot. Over the years, they've produced works like Albee's, Zoo Story, Pinter's, The Dumbwaiter, The Caine Mutiny Court Martial and Julius Caesar.
Shah Rukh Khan: As a college student, Khan was part of Barry John's Theatre Action Group and has done plays like Annie Get Your Gun and Rough Crossing.
Anupam Kher: An alumnus of the National School of Drama, the Indian and international film actor has done several plays, including one based on his own life titled Kucch Bhi Ho Sakta Hai, directed by Feroz Abbas Khan.
Paresh Rawal: The actor and member of Parliament has dabbled in theatre since college, performing several Gujarati plays, including Khelaiya, and others like Kishan vs Kanhaiya and Dear Father.
Manoj Bajpayee: The critically-acclaimed actor applied to the National School of Drama multiple times but was rejected. He then attended acting coach Barry John's workshops and went on to do a lot of theatre. Along with theatre veteran N.K. Sharma, he created the Act One theatre group.
Irrfan: The internationally-renowned actor won a scholarship to the National School of Drama during his early days of struggle and did several television and theatre bit-roles before making it big in the movies.
Boman Irani: The much-loved character actor did British theatre for years, having been mentored by theatre personality Alyque Padamsee. His most memorable roles were in Roshni, Family Ties, Mahatma vs Gandhi and I am not Bajirao. The last one ran for 10 years.
Rajkummar Rao: As a Delhi University student, Rao did theatre with Kshitij Repertory and Shri Ram Centre in the national capital. In 2008, he graduated from the Film and Television Institute of India and moved to Mumbai for a film career.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui: Siddiqui, who started out with bit-roles in Hindi films like Munnabhai MBBS (2003), worked in Delhi for several years, first with the National School of Drama, then as a street play performer.
NAIROBI (Reuters) - The world's last male northern white rhino has died, the Kenyan conservancy taking care of it said, leaving only two females of its subspecies alive in the world.
FILE PHOTO: The last surviving male northern white rhino named 'Sudan' is seen at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Laikipia, Kenya June 18, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya/File Photo
Ol Pejeta Conservancy said in a statement it had made the decision with wildlife officials and his previous carers to euthanise on Monday the 45-year-old rhino, named Sudan, due to the rapid deterioration in his condition.
Sudan was being treated for age-related complications that had affected his muscles and bones and also gave him extensive skin wounds.
Slideshow (3 Images)
The rhino had spent two weeks in late February and early March lying in his pen due to discomfort from a deep wound on his right hind leg.
“His condition worsened significantly in the last 24 hours; he was unable to stand up and was suffering a great deal,” Ol Pejeta said. “The veterinary team from the Dver Kralove Zoo, Ol Pejeta and Kenya Wildlife Service made the decision to euthanise him.”
Sudan had previously lived at the Dver Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic before being transported to Ol Pejeta Conservancy, about 250 km (155 miles) north of Nairobi, where he lived with the last two females of the same species, 27-year old Najin and 17-year old Fatu.
After all attempts at getting him to mate naturally failed, conservationists last year put Sudan on dating app Tinder, hoping to raise enough money to pay for a $9 million fertility treatment.
Toronto police are searching for a suspect after an early morning shooting left one person injured in the city's downtown.
Officers say up to six men got into a dispute shortly before 3 a.m. Tuesday, near the intersection of King Street West and Portland Street.
They allege one of the men drew a gun and fired nine shots during the dispute, hitting another man once in the hip.
Police say the victim was deemed to be in life-threatening condition by emergency responders at the scene of the shooting, but was upgraded to serious condition after being treated in hospital.
Officers say they have no description of the shooter, but they believe he is violent, armed and dangerous.
They are asking anyone who witnessed the shooting or has information about the suspect to contact them.
The victim is one of 11 people shot in Toronto since late last week — many of them in the city's busy downtown core.
Police say a driver near Shuter and George Streets took a shotgun out of her trunk and opened fire at a pedestrian Friday morning, injuring the 21-year-old woman and a 69-year-old man on a bike.
Two people from the city's rap scene were killed in a daylight shooting on Queen Street West on Saturday — Jahvante Smart, 21, also known as Smoke Dawg, and Ernest Modekwe, 28, both of Toronto. Police say a woman who was shot in the same incident is expected to recover.
Another four people were injured by gunshots late Sunday in Toronto's Kensington Market area.
× 1 of 4 Expand J. Louis Reynolds (left) teamed with inventor and submarine designer Simon Lake to develop an aluminum submersible. (Photo courtesy Science Museum of Virginia) × 2 of 4 Expand Tyler reunites with the Aluminaut at the Science Museum of Virginia. (Photo by Dominic Hernandez) × 3 of 4 Expand George Tyler (center, in scuba suit) and crew during the Alvin recovery (Photo courtesy George Tyler) × 4 of 4 Expand The Aluminaut in action (Photo courtesy Science Museum of Virginia) Prev Next
A hydrogen bomb plunged into 3,000 feet of water off the coast of Spain. A deep ocean submersible sank nearly a mile below the surface near Massachusetts. In both cases, the vessel dispatched to retrieve them originated from Reynolds Metals Co.
The firm, headquartered in Richmond from 1921-2000 (when Alcoa acquired it), provided the world with the aluminum drink can, the pop top and Reynolds Wrap — the stuff used for the crinkly Markel Building near Willow Lawn. Reynolds also built one of the deepest-diving man-made objects, the Aluminaut. And you can see it behind the Science Museum of Virginia.
How the vessel came to be permanently docked there is a whale of a tale.
J. Louis Reynolds, chairman of Reynolds International, Inc., started tinkering with the concept of a deep submersible in 1942, during World War II. He viewed the oceans as a vast frontier of opportunities for scientific research, mineral discovery and food propagation. He teamed with inventor and submarine designer Simon Lake, but other demands and the need for extensive study kept the idea from coming to fruition for almost two decades.
Reynolds challenged his company's scientists and engineers to create a vessel of resilient material sturdy enough to withstand depths up to 15,000 feet, where 7,000 pounds of pressure push against every square inch. Aluminum alloy provided both the necessary strength and corrosion resistance. The craft needed to carry up to six crew members and scientists while being nimble and powerful enough to navigate at these great depths and, using mechanical arms, pick objects up from the ocean floor.
The Aluminaut, the most advanced submarine of its day, was launched in 1964 at the Electric Boat Division of General Dynamics in Groton, Connecticut. Louis Reynolds tried negotiating with the Navy to base the submersible at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute on Cape Cod, Massachusetts. But the Aluminaut instead went to Miami and became a for-hire proposition.
On Oct. 16, 1968, the vessel was called into action. The submersible Alvin, built the same year as the Aluminaut but operated by the Navy, was undergoing transport when its hauling cables snapped. The three crew members scrambled to safety, but the Alvin plummeted 4,900 feet to the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean south of Nantucket Island. Louisa County resident George Tyler, who served from 1962-66 on the Navy's diesel-electric sub USS Grampus, co-piloted the Aluminaut with Robert Canary. The Navy research vessel Mizar located the Alvin on the seabed with its hatch open. Although no previous attempt had been made to recover anything from that far down, the Navy hired the Aluminaut to attach a toggle to the Alvin for the Mizar to lift. When the boat's lights swept across the Alvin, it was an eerie sight.
“Another submersible filled with water on the ocean floor — pretty devastating to look at,” Tyler recalls. The Aluminaut and the Alvin had met previously during the 1966 H-bomb recovery off Spain — the first such rendezvous.
The Aluminaut dove twice to retrieve the Alvin; the first attempt was scrubbed due to interference from seas whipped up by Hurricane Camille, the second, in August 1969, was hampered by a two-knot current and the Alvin's slant. The Aluminaut could only move at a rate of three knots per hour. Hovering 15 feet above the craft, “We used the manipulator claws to hold the Alvin,” at first trying to insert the toggle bar through two hatches 4 feet apart. This proved impossible.
A 1971 Popular Science article quotes Canary describing how the crew ran to the aft of the 51-foot boat, then forward to make the mechanical claw karate-chop the Alvin's fiberglass superstructure. After picking away debris, the Aluminaut dropped in the toggle that unfolded support wings inside the submersible and connected to a mile-long hawser dropped by the Mizar. Each dive took 14 hours — the longest Tyler spent beneath the surface.
Later, the Alvin underwent a complete refurbishing that included a titanium hull. In 1986, operating out of Woods Hole with oceanographer Robert Ballard, it located the wreck of the Titanic. Much upgraded, the Alvin remains in service with the Navy.
The Aluminaut, in its 251 dives, conducted scientific research, recovered data recorders from experimental torpedoes, repaired cables, discovered mineral deposits and set depth records. But in 1971, all that came to an end.
“The bean counters in Richmond pulled the plug on us,” Tyler says. The Aluminaut was carted away to a Quonset hut in Jacksonville, Florida, and Tyler continued as a metallurgist at Reynolds until his retirement. Some years later, he took on contract work for the late Rodney Hanneman, then vice president for research and development at Reynolds Metals and a board member of the Science Museum. Reynolds wanted Hanneman to “do something with the Aluminaut,” Tyler says. Hanneman asked him how much the 80-ton sub would fetch in scrap. “ ‘Oh, for God's sake, you're not thinking of scrapping it?' ” Tyler says he blurted out.
Thanks to a $100,000 grant, Tyler instead oversaw the Aluminaut's transfer in 1993 from Jacksonville via the Intercoastal Waterway to the Port of Richmond, and its transport to the museum. Tyler describes his reunion with the Aluminaut: “It was funny … like a World War II fighter pilot seeing his old plane again. It was an emotional experience. When I went inside, it smelled the same; unwashed bodies and seawater.”
Now 75, Tyler and his wife raise orchids in Louisa. “We had many adventures,” he says, of the Aluminaut and the crew. “I'm glad people have the opportunity to go and see it.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An angry man allegedly shot his neighbour dead at point blank range after a heavy drinking session - but can't remember why.
Distressing CCTV footage shows the incident which happened at night in the central Russian city of Novosibirsk.
The shocking clip has been posted online and appears to show the moment the man gets out of his truck carrying a long rifle.
The victim, his neighbour, who police have said was a 37-year-old woman, is walking by but when she notices the gun, she pauses and starts to turn in fright.
(Photo: CEN)
The 51-year-old man then appears to shoot her and she falls to the ground. He takes another shot at her and she remains motionless as he gets back in his truck.
According to reports, he hit her twice, once in the stomach and once in the leg, before walking away and going back to his vehicle.
The woman moves slightly as the truck pulls away and a street cleaner then comes over to the woman's aid.
(Photo: CEN)
(Photo: CEN)
Emergency services were then called but by the time paramedics arrives, the woman had lost too much blood and died.
Police say they have arrested the unnamed man and charged him with the woman's murder .
Officers have said he has claimed he was too drunk to remember why he killed her.
The investigation continues.
Kyrie Irving makes Lance Stephenson pay for trying to guard him with an amazing crossover and step-back jumper. (0:22)
CLEVELAND -- LeBron James said that the Cleveland Cavaliers' meager one-point margin of victory in Game 1 didn't bother him, so long as the Cavs got the win.
That said, he saw his team build a big lead again, only for the Pacers to get as close as a two-possession game in Monday's 117-111 win, which put the Cavs up 2-0 over the Indiana Pacers.
If Pacers superstar Paul George was upset with CJ Miles for taking the potential game-winner from him Saturday, you have to wonder how he felt about Lance Stephenson falling into the foil role Cleveland needed to wake up and play inspired ball, leading to a 19-point Cavaliers lead.
The Cavs' masterful third quarter, in which they outscored the Pacers 33-20, really got going when Stephenson was matched with Kevin Love. Cleveland's All-Star forward took it to Indiana's wild card.
Kyrie Irving's 37 points paced the Cavaliers as they took a 2-0 lead over the Pacers. Gregory Shamus/Getty Images
The third ended with Kyrie Irving tossing in a 3-pointer over Stephenson and jawing at him to punctuate the play he made before heading back to the Cavs' bench for the quarter break.
When Irving wasn't scoring on Stephenson, he was unleashing on Jeff Teague much the same way he did each of the past two postseasons when Teague played for the Atlanta Hawks.
Irving led all scorers with 37 points. Love was right behind him with 27 points on an exceptionally efficient 6-of-7 shooting and 11 rebounds. James was solid despite a game-high eight turnovers, contributing 25 points, 10 rebounds and seven assists. James' teams had previously been 0-3 in the playoffs when he had at least nine turnovers, according to ESPN Stats & Information research.
This is the first time that Love, Irving & James have all scored 25 points in the same playoff game. The Cavaliers are now 7-0 when the trio score at least 20 points each in the postseason.
Paul George had 32 points to pace Indiana once again, with 14 coming in a fourth quarter that saw the Pacers outscore the Cavs 33-21 and get as close as a four-point deficit with 19.5 seconds left to play.
The Cavs made their move to take charge earlier than they did in Game 1, using an 11-0 run from the end of the first quarter through the start of the second quarter to seemingly grab control. Cleveland went 5-for-8 during the spurt while Indiana was 0-for-4 with two turnovers.
However, it was the Cavs' turnovers that allowed the Pacers to stick around, cutting a 13-point Cleveland lead down to five. After coughing it up 11 times in Game 1, leading to 19 points for Indiana, the Cavs had 11 turnovers in the first half Monday and the Pacers scored 14 points off them. James was the biggest culprit, losing the ball six times to mar an otherwise brilliant 17 points on 7-for-10 shooting, five rebounds and five assists in the first half. Overall, Indiana outscored Cleveland 24-17 on points off turnovers.
Iman Shumpert saw his first action of the series starting the second half in place of JR Smith, who left the game at halftime with a left hamstring injury. Shumpert quickly made his presence felt, guarding George on one end and hitting a 3 on another to cap a 7-0 run to start the third quarter that put the Cavs back up by 12.
CLEVELAND CAVALIERS Check out the team site for more game coverage
INDIANA PACERS Check out the team site for more game coverage
Later Shumpert poked the ball away from George and dove to the floor for the loose ball, causing a jump ball to be called. Tristan Thompson approached Shumpert to celebrate his defensive gusto while the guard flexed his biceps to the delight of the crowd.
The Cavs' offense was exemplary, shooting 60.3 percent through three quarters and 55.3 percent for the game. Their defense still has some kinks to work out, as the Pacers shot 51.2 percent overall and 8-for-20 (40.0 percent) from 3.
It's not like the effort wasn't there on the defensive end. Twice Love set up to take a charge and appeared to have position -- first on George and later on Teague -- and both times a blocking foul was called on Love. James was called for a technical foul for expressing his displeasure in the second call that went against Love to the refs.
He eventually got one to go his way, drawing a charge on the 6-foot-9, 285-pound Kevin Seraphin in the third quarter -- a third quarter that belonged to Love. He scored 10 in the period, including going right at Stephenson in consecutive sequences when being matched with the 6-5 swingman in the post.
Game 3 is Thursday in Indiana.
This freshman class has certainly impacted the college basketball world so far this season.
Everywhere I go, people ask me about the creme de la creme of the Diaper Dandies. It is a little early, but I have put together my super seven for the early portion of nonconference play.
These guys will be called upon to shine when league play opens up as they try to get their teams to the promised land, the NCAA tournament. I believe these seven will be playing come NCAA tournament time.
Lonzo Ball, UCLA Bruins
He has handled the ball for the Bruins, freeing up Bryce Alford from the point. Ball reminds me of Jason Kidd when he was at California. UCLA has turned things around after a losing season a year ago and Ball is one of the keys.
Miles Bridges, Michigan State Spartans
I know he has missed time due to injury, but he has proven himself as an exciting, high-rising flyer playing above the rim. He is a superb rebounder and scores well inside. Tom Izzo has one of his best freshmen classes, led by Bridges.
De'Aaron Fox, Kentucky Wildcats
He has been steady handling the rock for John Calipari's club. An outstanding passer with great court vision. Fox can penetrate and score, too. Fox has put up several 20-plus point performances.
Markelle Fultz, Washington Huskies
He has posted very good numbers as a scorer, though the Huskies have been inconsistent. Fultz has a very bright future.
Josh Jackson, Kansas Jayhawks
A versatile athlete who can handle the ball at 6-foot-8. Very competitive, he has fit in perfectly in Lawrence. Bill Self has a very special player.
T.J. Leaf, UCLA Bruins
He has been a baseline beauty, scoring and rebounding for the Bruins. He has come up big in vital spots, like the win over Kentucky (17 points, 13 rebounds).
Malik Monk, Kentucky Wildcats
He has a nice shooting touch and runs the court well. Monk has great length and that helps on the defensive end. He had the tops of the season, 47 points in a win over North Carolina.
There have been many Diaper Dandies contributing across the nation. These guys have stood out to me.
The Associated Press has photographers around the world. Here are some of the best photos they took in 2016.
With temperatures set to plummet well below zero degrees tonight the Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for ice for the evening and tomorrow morning.
A spokesman for the Met Office said: "Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from late Monday afternoon and last overnight into Tuesday morning.
The warning from the Met Office
"There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls.
"Temperatures are likely to fall rapidly below freezing later on Monday across much of the area. This will lead to icy stretches, particularly where snow melt has occurred during the day, or where a mix of rain and snow has fallen across the south of the area."
The Met Office weather warning is in force between 4pm today, Monday, and 11am tomorrow, Tuesday December 12.
RELATED: 10 key DOs and DONTs of snow and ice driving
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. NASA's Peggy Whitson, soon to become the most experienced U.S. astronaut in terms of time spent in space, assumed command of the International Space Station on Sunday as two Russian crew members and an American prepared to fly back to Earth.
For Whitson, 57, it was her second stint in charge of the $100 billion station, a multinational project overseen by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Russian space agency Roscosmos.
On April 24, Whitson will have spent more time in space than any other American astronaut, surpassing the current U.S. record of 534 days held by NASA's Jeff Williams, 59. She already held records for the most time spent in space by a woman and for the most time spent spacewalking by a woman.
“She will set another record at this moment," the departing U.S. commander, Shane Kimbrough, said during a Sunday change of command ceremony aired on NASA TV. "She becomes the first two-time female commander of the International Space Station."
Kimbrough and Russian crewmates Sergey Ryzhikov and Andrey Borisenko were scheduled to wrap up a 173-day mission on Monday, with a parachute landing in Kazakhstan at 7:21 a.m. EDT (1121 GMT).
Their replacements, NASA's Jack Fischer and Fyodor Yurchikhin of Roscosmos, were due to arrive on April 20 at the station, which is in orbit about 250 miles (400 km) above Earth.
The U.S. and Russian space agencies last week agreed to extend Whitson's mission by three months to fill in as the new crew's third member.
Russia is reducing its station cadre from three to two members until its new science laboratory is launched next year, the head of Roscosmos said at the U.S. Space Symposium in Colorado Springs, Colorado, last week.
Whitson flew to the station in November with Russia's Oleg Novitskiy and France's Thomas Pesquet. The men were scheduled to fly back to Earth without Whitson on June 2.
She was due to return to Earth in September with Fischer and Yurchikhin, having amassed a career U.S. record of more than 665 days in orbit. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka, with 878 days in orbit, is the world's most experienced space flier.
(Editing by Frank McGurty and Jonathan Oatis)
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices were stable on Wednesday, but were below more than three-year highs reached the previous session as rising U.S. fuel inventories and production dragged on an otherwise bullish market.
FILE PHOTO -- A pump jack stands idle in Dewitt County, Texas January 13, 2016. Picture taken on January 13, 2016. REUTERS/Anna Driver/File Photo
Brent crude oil futures LCOc1 were at 74.02 per barrel at 0020 GMT, up 16 cents, or 0.2 percent, from their last close, but were some way below the November-2014 high of $75.47 a barrel reached the previous day.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were up 14 cents, or 0.2 percent, at $67.84 per barrel. That was also off the late-2014 highs of $69.56 a barrel reached earlier in April.
Overall, many analysts say an oil market slump that started in 2014 has now ended and is turning into a sustained price rally due to supply disruptions and also strong demand, especially in Asia.
That's due to production cuts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) which were introduced in 2017 with the aim of propping up the market, but also because of political risk to supplies in the Middle East, Venezuela and Africa.
“Market sentiment is turning increasingly bullish towards the commodity,” said Lukman Otunuga, research analyst at futures brokerage FXTM.
Despite this, Otunga said “the sustainability of the rally is a concern” as it was fuelled largely by political risk in the Middle East.
“With rising production from U.S shale still a key market theme that continues to weigh on oil prices, it will be interesting to see how much oil appreciates before bears enter the scene,” he said.
U.S. crude oil production C-OUT-T-EIA has shot up by more than a quarter since mid-2016 to over 10.54 million barrels per day (bpd), taking it past Saudi Arabia's output of around 10 million bpd. Only Russia currently produces more, at almost 11 million bpd.
U.S. crude inventories rose by 1.1 million barrels in the week to April 20 to 429.1 million, according to a report by the American Petroleum Institute on Tuesday.
Official weekly U.S. fuel inventory and crude production data will be published later on Wednesday by the Energy Information Administration (EIA).
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Bethesda-based aerospace firm Lockheed Martin has received a $161 million production contract for the Army Tactical Missile System (ATACMS) missile for the U.S. Army. The missiles will be produced at Lockheed Martin's Precision Fires Production Center of Excellence in Camden, Arkansas and the contract calls for the production of 150 ATACMS missiles as part of the ATACMS Service Life ...
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Two Korean titles, “The Swindlers” and “Forgotten” remained on top of the South Korean box office. “Swindlers” earned $3.18 million from 418,000 admissions between Friday and Sunday for a total of $26.7 million after three weekends. The Showbox release accounted for 24% of the total weekend box office. Megabox's “Forgotten” earned $2.34 million for a two-weekend total of $7.82 million.
Animated features, “Pororo, Dinosaur Island Adventure” and “Mary and the Witch's Flower” debuted on Thursday (Dec. 7) and took third and fourth, respectively. Distributed by Next Entertainment World (NEW), local animation “Pororo” earned $2.28 million over four days. Japanese animation “Mary,” distributed by CGV Arthouse, earned $2.22 million between Thursday and Sunday. Another Thursday opener, “American Assassin” landed in sixth. The action drama earned $1.12 million over first four days.
With a week-on-week drop of 57%, “Murder on the Orient Express” slipped to fifth place from the previous week's third. It earned $1.1 million between Friday and Sunday to extend its total to $5.47 million after two weekends.
NEW's “The Chase” took seventh place, as it endured a steep drop of 73%. The local thriller earned $351,000 for a total of $2.84 million after two weekends.
LONDON (Reuters) - BAE Systems and Qatar have entered into a contract valued at around 5 billion pounds ($6.7 billion) for the country to buy 24 Typhoon combat aircraft, the British defence group said on Sunday.
FILE PHOTO: A British Royal Air Force Eurofighter Typhoon aircraft in flight during a mission over central Iraq September 21, 2016. REUTERS/Petros Karadjias/Pool
The company said delivery was expected in late 2022 and that the contract was subject “to financing conditions and receipt by the company of first payment, which are expected to be fulfilled no later than mid-2018”.
At a ceremony in Doha British Defence Minister Gavin Williamson and Qatari Minister of State for Defence Affairs Khalid bin Mohammed al Attiyah, oversaw the signing of a deal which the British minister called a “massive vote of confidence, supporting thousands of British jobs and injecting billions into our economy”.
“We are delighted to begin a new chapter in the development of a long-term relationship with the State of Qatar and the Qatar Armed Forces, and we look forward to working alongside our customer as they continue to develop their military capability,” Charles Woodburn, BAE's chief executive, said in a statement.
In September Qatar's defence minister was reported to have signed a letter of intent to buy the 24 Typhoon jets from BAE in a move that could anger other Gulf countries boycotting Doha.
($1 = 0.7472 pounds)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A little boy's wish to be able to use both his hands will be granted just in time for Christmas.
Cameron Millar, 10, was born without a right hand but has always been determined to overcome the challenges this presented.
Last week he and his mother, Margaret Millar, launched an appeal to raise £10,000 for a high-tech bionic limb before Christmas.
In an adorable video, Cameron appeals to viewers to contribute towards his campaign.
He says: "I'm Cameron, this year I'd really like a hand from Santa, but it's £10,000 so please go to my 'raise a hand for Cameron' page and donate now!”
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
The target was reached within days thanks to donations from across the UK.
The schoolboy, a keen Star Wars fan, has chosen a bionic hand featuring an illustration of his superhero role model Luke Skywalker.
Ms Millar said: "We were overwhelmed with the support we received after our story hit the headlines last week.
"Donations just kept coming to us and we reached the target within a few days.
"This means the world to Cameron and he's absolutely thrilled to know that he'll achieve his dream of having a bionic hand, and he's already making plans to learn to play the drums."
(Image: Internet Unknown)
The charity appeal was run with Radio Forth's Cash for Kids and Emma Kemp, charity manager at the Edinburgh-based station, said: "As soon as we heard Cameron's story, we had to do our bit to help.
"We quickly set up a fundraising page and this allowed the family to receive donations.
"Despite facing such a major challenge in his life, he never stops smiling and is incredibly positive and optimistic.
"Christmas is often a time of year when we focus on our own friends and family, but to witness the generosity Cameron received over the last week is amazing."
EastEnders recreated Ronnie and Roxxie's first trailer in their final episode
Last Tango In Halifax actress Anne Reid 'gets spi
Ore Oduba only held the Strictly Glitterball for
Maria Conner is sent to jail in Coronation Street
Michelle Fowler returns to EastEnders but not eve
Joe McElderry says he will cherish moment he sang
Max has no idea what he's waking up to in the nex
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell met a watery end on EastEnders as they have rung in the New Year.
As the sisters prepared for Ronnie's wedding to Jack there were signs that the day would end in a bad way. The night concluded with Roxy jumping into a swimming pool, with Ronnie close behind her - but neither made it out alive.
Viewers were heartbroken over the death of two of the most popular characters on the Square - but it was a bittersweet ending for the characters, who had one last knees-up before their deaths.
Eagle-eyed fans noticed that a scene just moments before their death was strikingly similar to the first time viewers ever got to lay eyes on the wild sisters.
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: BBC)
A promo scene from back in 2008 showed the sisters throwing a wild party in the Queen Vic as a Calvin Harris' track played in the background.
Then as the pair celebrated Ronnie's wedding, the same track played in the background as they partied together one final time.
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: BBC)
After the episode, Samantha Womack, who played Ronnie, tweeted that she was "honestly broken".
Rita Simons, aka Roxie, added: "Thank you all for your lovely tweets. I don't really have words right now. But words will come.. in good time # R&R"
While Maslen later broke his silence, saying that he "loved" working with his co-stars.
* EastEnders returns on Monday 2 January at 8pm
Warm up those vocal cords and join the Greeley Chorale in some of the greatest music ever composed—the masterwork of Christmas, Handel's Messiah. The event takes place on December 16 at 7:30 p.m. at the Union Colony Civic Center, 701 10th Avenue, Greeley. Tickets are $22. The grand choruses and soaring solos are known throughout the world, and this is your chance to sing along! For info and tickets, see http://greeleycalendar.com/event/the-greeley-chorale-presents-fa-la-la-le-lu-jah/?instance_id=13292
With high-profile investments from Alibaba and SoftBank fueling an impressive growth story since demonetization last year, you could be forgiven for thinking that Paytm has India's payments market sewn up. But at least one company will agree to differ on that.
MobiKwik, the mobile payments startup that is number two to Paytm in India, is quietly confident that it can take advantage of its rival's focus on e-commerce and recent entry to banking to even the playing field. To strengthen its case, MobiKwik, which is solely focused on payments, is in the process raising its largest financing from investors to date.
Co-founder Upasana Taku confirmed to TechCrunch that the company is in talks to raise $100 million-$150 million in a round that would value the company at more than $1 billion, thereby putting it into the elite club of tech unicorns. Taku declined to name the investors that her company is talking to, saying only that they include one major strategic investor and a number of financial institutions. She expects the round to close in the next couple of months. The plan is to invest as much as $45 million of the capital on growing user and merchant bases, and expand its current base of six offices to more than 20.
With Alibaba ploughing funds into Paytm and already holding a stake in Snapdeal, the scene is set for its arch rival Tencent — which recently invested in e-commerce giant Flipkart — to grab a piece of India's payment landscape. Taku declined to comment either way when asked whether Tencent is among the investors that MobiKwik is negotiating with.
Investors aside, that valuation would be notable for MobiKwik, and India's startup scene itself. The round could double MobiKwik's funding to date, which stands at just over $125 million. However, it would remain the underdog in its battle. Paytm has risen to become India's second highest-valued private tech firm — behind only Flipkart — with a valuation of $7 billion following a huge $1.4 billion investment from SoftBank and a $200 million round led by Alibaba.
Paytm and its parent company One97 have raised over $2.5 billion from investors. That's pushed its business into e-commerce — where the influence of Alibaba is strong — furthered its mobile payment strategy, and seen it branch out into digital banking, via a yet-to-launch project that borrows heavily from China and, again, Alibaba.
MobiKwik co-founder Upasana Taku
On paper, the statistics of its business are hugely impressive. India's demonetization in November of last year, a move that saw ₹500 and ₹1,000 banknotes (85 percent of total currency) removed from circulation, gave Paytm a huge boost. In the immediate aftermath, traffic grew 435 percent, downloads jumped 200 percent and overall transactions increased by 250 percent. The firm finished the year with 177 million mobile wallet customers — up from 122 million a year earlier — and it went on to cross the 200 million mark at the end of February.
Taku takes issue with some of those numbers, though. She pointed out that Paytm is yet to surpass 100 million downloads on Android — India's overwhelmingly dominant mobile operating system — according to the Google Play Store, which she asserts makes it “hard to imagine” that it has more than nearly 250 million registered users as it claims.
But beyond paper-based claims, she believes that her firm can take advantage of forays into other verticals that have left Paytm with “its hands full.”
“It is reneging on payments while it is pushing bank and e-commerce services,” she told TechCrunch in an interview. “Something's got to give, it is not possible to do justice on 10 different verticals.”
As an example for her argument, she cites the example of Ola Money, the payment service that Indian ride-hailing giant Ola spun out into a standalone business in late 2015.
“I don't see Ola Money accepted in many places,” she remarked, adding that e-commerce firms have also had to prioritize their focus. “Whether it is Amazon or even Flipkart, their clear focus will be on payments on their platform. In India, a lot of people tried it, thinking payments is the easiest thing to do.”
What about MobiKwik?
The company also claims to have ridden the wave of demonetization. Taku said its registered userbase jumped from 25 million to 55 million, while its merchant base rose to 1.5 million from 250,000 before demonetization and downloads rose ive-fold . MobiKwik's ambitious target is to sustain that growth and reach 100 million users and 10 million merchants in the next year.
“Our payment gateway business has seen crazy growth — demonetization has been great for us, all business numbers have grown at least 3X,” Taku said. “We couldn't have imagined where we'd be in terms of numbers. Now, we're net revenue profitable — when you remove merchant acquisition costs — and are on a path to profitability.”
That final push to go to make profit will come from the introduction of financial services later this year, the MobiKwik co-founder said. She said that the services will be directly related to MobiKwik's existing business, for example lending, insurance and investing, alongside partners. One such example is a deal announced with state-owned telecom operator BSNL to gives its 95 million customers basic financial services via a co-branded wallet app.
Currently, the service processes $2 billion in annual GMV — that's the overall value of transactions — but it is aiming to reach $10 billion by the end of this year.
Taku is bullish on the future beyond 2017, pointing out that digital payments currently account for just 15 percent of the estimated $1.5 trillion that is spent by consumers in India each year. She said the figure could reach 60-70 percent over the next two years — and is clearly determined to ensure that Paytm isn't the sole beneficiary of that boom.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BASWARE OYJ:
* Q4 NET SALES EUR ‍39​.7 MILLION VERSUS EUR 40.2 MILLION YEAR AGO
* ‍KEY STRATEGIC PRIORITY FOR STRATEGY PERIOD 2017-2020 IS CLOUD REVENUE GROWTH.​
* Q4 ADJUSTED EBITDA EUR 1 372 THOUSAND (EUR 3 660 THOUSAND)
* ‍FOR 2018 BASWARE EXPECTS CLOUD REVENUES TO BE BETWEEN EUR 90 AND 95 MILLION​
* ‍FOR 2018 EXPECTS TOTAL COSTS EXCLUDING AMORTIZATION, DEPRECIATION AND ADJUSTMENTS TO EBITDA TO BE SLIGHTLY ABOVE 2017 LEVELS​
* ‍PROPOSES TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING THAT NO DIVIDEND BE PAID FOR 2017.​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Is Captain America ready to hang up his shield? Chris Evans has said so in the past, and his contract with Marvel is up after “Avengers 4,” the 2019 follow-up to the imminent “Avengers: Infinity War.”
But in a recent interview with Variety, the actor hinted that he might be open to sticking with the Avengers for a bit longer.
Asked if “Avengers 4” will mark his last outing in uniform, he answered, “Tough to say.” Addressing the subject on Stagecraft, Variety‘s theater podcast, Evans discussed his current Broadway run in “Lobby Hero,” his theater-kid roots and, of course, whether there's a future for him in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. “Part of you almost kind of thinks: Well, if we end on the right note… and I think it really kind of does. The scripts they have are really beautiful and really well written.”
“They do such a good job,” he continued about Marvel and the upcoming “Avengers” films. “It's really sweet and lovely and just special, and everyone really has a nice tight plot and story arc. Part of you almost doesn't want to mess that up. … I guess it depends. It's hard to know where your head's gonna be at in a few years.”
Related Joss Whedon Stands by His 'Wonder Woman' Script: 'I Think It's Great' Joss Whedon Explains Why He Left 'Batgirl'
But if you ask Evans if he'll want to be in a Broadway show after “Lobby Hero,” his answer is far more certain. “Theater is the thing that I didn't know that I needed,” he declared, adding, “As soon as this is over I will be on the hunt for the next play.”
He thinks of himself as a theater kid, he said, appearing in everything from “The Music Man” to “Into the Woods” to “West Side Story” to “The Pirates of Penzance.” Even so, he hadn't been onstage since he was 18, and he admitted to some nerves coming into “Lobby Hero,” the Kenneth Lonergan play in which he stars with Michael Cera, Brian Tyree Henry and Bel Powley, playing through May 13.
“It was an intimindating thing to try and do, just because I know [Broadway is] a very tight-knit community, and I think you really have to earn your stripes to do it at this level, and I have not,” he admitted. “And so you feel a little scared that you won't be accepted, and concerned that you're maybe taking a job from someone who's worked really hard to be up on that stage. You don't want to feel like you're just leaning on your film credits and cutting the line or something.”
He continued, “So at once you feel like you're a bit of an impostor but you also feel like you're home.” Despite his jitters, reception has been warm from critics, audiences and the Broadway community alike: “Luckily it's been really nice, and everyone has been very welcoming.”
On Stagecraft, Evans also addresses whether he wants to direct another film, gives a firm answer on whether he'll ever star in a Broadway musical and explains the difficulties of spit management onstage.
Download and subscribe to Stagecraft on iTunes, Google Play, Stitcher and SoundCloud.
Port Louis (Mauritius)
Mauritian President Ameenah Gurib-Fakim, the island nation's first woman head of state, quit in the wake of a scandal over shopping expenses that led to a breakdown in her relationship with the prime minister.
“In the supreme interest of the country and that of the Mauritian population, she prefers to go,” Ms Gurib-Fakim's lawyer Yusuf Mohamed said in comments broadcast by Port Louis-based Radio Plus. “She does not want to see the population and economy suffer.”
Ms Gurib-Fakim will leave office on March 23, ending a week-long crisis at the helm of the 461-billion rupee ($18.45 billion) economy that saw Prime Minister Pravind Jugnauth on March 15 threaten to force the president out of office if she didn't quit.
It also follows only a day after Mr Jugnauth said that a commission of inquiry appointed by the president into how her bank records were leaked and into an Angolan businessman and his dealings with regulators is in violation of the Constitution.
Tensions reached boiling point after Ms Gurib-Fakim denied telling the prime minister she will resign for using a credit card that had been issued by the London-based Planet Earth Institute in 2016.
Ms Gurib-Fakim has said she “inadvertently” used the card, which was identical to a bank card she already had.—Agencies
A kanwariya, or a devotee of the Hindu Lord Shiva, wearing a T-shirt with a photograph of Yogi Adityanath, Chief Minister of India's most populous state of Uttar Pradesh, fills his pots with holy water from the river Ganga for the betterment of his...more
A kanwariya, or a devotee of the Hindu Lord Shiva, wearing a T-shirt with a photograph of Yogi Adityanath, Chief Minister of India's most populous state of Uttar Pradesh, fills his pots with holy water from the river Ganga for the betterment of his family and the society, in Allahabad, India July 15, 2017. REUTERS/Jitendra Prakash
Close
Creative, The Magazine of Promotion and Marketing ISSN-0737-5883 is published on a bi-monthly basis by Magazines/Creative Inc., 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566, Tel. 516-378-0800. Form 3579 is requested. Second Class postage paid at New York, NY and additional mailing offices. Send address changes to Creative, 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566 or via E-mail.
Creative is published in the interest of sales promotion and marketing executives who manage Point-of-Purchase Display, Trade Show Exhibit and Sales Promotion Programs. The annual subscription rate for the printed magazine is $30.00 in the United States and $50.00 in all other countries. The single copy price is $4.00 in the United States. The Annual Illustrated Guide is $20.00.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO) – A Fort Wayne man was sentenced to 26 years in prison for being a felon in possession of a firearm and maintaining a drug-involved premises.
According to documents in the case, 37-year-old Booker T. Sewell was distributing multiple kilograms of cocaine and pounds of marijuana from his Fort Wayne home.
He was sentenced to 120 months imprisonment for the gun charge and 192 months imprisonment on the drug charge. Sewell will also serve two years of supervised release and was ordered to forfeit $21,917.
The Flint Police Department is investigating an early morning shooting that left three people dead.
The shooting happened on Saturday, Feb. 3 at 12:34 a.m. at the 6900 block of Cranwood in Flint.
Flint Police officers were dispatched to the address and found Andre Davis and Sharon Davis dead at the scene.
James Fagan was taken to the Hurley Medical Center where he died.
The Flint Police Department is still investigating this incident.
Police do have a person of interest in custody.
Anyone with information is asked to call Det. Chad Baldwin at (810) 237-6912 or Crime Stoppers at 1 (800) 422-JAIL.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Armenian-American professor Mark Moogalian, the first passenger to tackle a gunman during a terrorist attack on a high-speed train traveling to Paris from Amsterdam in 2015, will play himself in Clint Eastwood's upcoming film “The 15:17 to Paris”, The Armenian Weekly reports.
According to sources, the film also stars Moogalian's wife, Isabelle Risacher Moogalian, who was also on board that day.
During the high-speed train ride on Aug. 21, 2015, Moogalian tackled gunman El-Khazzani, who was armed with an AK-47 assault rifle. It was reported that Moogalian instinctively acted to protect his wife Isabella and managed to take the assault rifle away from El-Khazzani. The assailant managed to then draw another gun and shoot Moogalian in the neck.
Moogalian, who is from Midlothian, Va. and teaches English at Paris-Sorbonne University, was quickly rushed to a hospital where he was rehabilitated and eventually made a full recovery from his injuries.
In Sept. 2015, less than a month after the incident, Moogalian was awarded the Legion d'Honneur, France's highest honor for bravery, by then French President Francois Hollande at the Élysée Palace.
Written by Dorothy Blyskal, “The 15:17 to Paris” is based on the autobiography "The 15:17 to Paris: The True Story of a Terrorist, a Train, and Three American Soldiers" by Jeffrey E. Stern, Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, and Alek Skarlatos. Stone, Sadler, and Skarlatos—the American passengers who helped stop the attack by tackling the attacker—also star in the film as themselves.
The film is scheduled to be released on Feb. 9 by Warner Bros. Pictures.
HOUSTON -- With Sunday's 26-16 loss to the San Francisco 49ers, the Texans fell to 4-9, ensuring their first losing season under Bill O'Brien, who has one year remaining on his five-year contract he signed when he took over as head coach.
Editor's Picks O'Brien: If I had seen video, Savage out Texans coach Bill O'Brien said Monday that if he had seen the video of QB Tom Savage shaking after a hit, he wouldn't have let him play.
On Monday he said he expects to be back in 2018. He also said his agent has not had a discussion with Texans owner Bob McNair about a contract extension and he has "no idea" whether that will happen after the season.
"I signed a five-year contract. I expect to be back here, but those decisions are not made by me," O'Brien said. "My job is to make sure that I coach these players. I really care about these players. I really care about how hard they're working and the effort that they're putting in. And we're not seeing the results on the field, so I really want to try to improve that over the next three weeks."
The Texans have lost six of their past seven games and have struggled to score on offense since rookie quarterback Deshaun Watson was lost for the season with a torn ACL. With Tom Savage in the concussion protocol it's possible the Texans will have to start a third different quarterback this season, if T.J. Yates starts at quarterback in Week 15.
Watson tweeted Monday that he also hopes O'Brien is back as his coach.
& I want OB with me! 💯 https://t.co/nQvzmfYFmx — Deshaun Watson (@deshaunwatson) December 11, 2017
"I enjoy being the head coach of the Houston Texans. I have great relationships with these players here, and I'm going to continue to coach hard until they tell me I'm not coaching here anymore."
O'Brien, 48, is 31-30 in the regular season as the Texans' coach and 1-2 in the playoffs. The Texans won back-to-back AFC South titles in 2015-16 before stumbling this season.
Washington
The Navy's fourth USS Colorado attack submarine has recently gone into service with an Xbox controller onboard. No, not so sailors can play Overwatch: they'll actually be using the gaming device to steer the vehicle's two photonics masts, which you can think of as high-tech replacements for typical periscopes.
The masts don't require periscope tubes to work and rely on high-res cameras to capture images to display on a big screen instead. When the military first announced that it's using an Xbox controller on the Colorado, it said the device was replacing the joystick and control panel Lockheed Martin originally designed for the sensors.
The original controls would've cost the Navy around $38,000, which is a ton of money to spend on a system that sailors found clunky and difficult to use. So, Lockheed Martin subbed them with controllers during the trial phase and found that operators were able to figure out how to maneuver the high-tech periscopes using the devices within just a few minutes.
The Navy now doesn't have to spend extra for training — and controllers only cost $30 a pop.
Damarious Randall says he's having fun with his tweet promising jerseys if the Cavaliers beat the Warriors in the NBA Finals. (0:36)
BEREA, Ohio -- Damarious Randall did not envision his tweet going viral.
The Cleveland Browns' new free safety made a promise on Twitter on Monday night that if the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Golden State Warriors in the NBA Finals that he'd buy a jersey for each person who retweeted his post.
If the Cleveland Cavaliers win the 2018 NBA finals I'll buy everyone who retweets this a jersey... — Damarious Randall (@RandallTime) May 29, 2018
"Honestly, I didn't think it was going to get over 100 [retweets], to be honest," Randall said Wednesday after the Browns' offseason practice.
As of mid-afternoon Wednesday, he had 777,145 retweets. At $99.99 each for jerseys, that would mean Randall could be spending $77.7 million.
Randall would not divulge how he planned to pay off the promise or if he had an alternate idea, perhaps charity-related, if the Cavs win.
"We'll talk about this after the series is over," he said, later adding he would do something for the fans regardless of the result.
Editor's Picks Experts' picks: Is anyone bold enough to pick Cavs? Will LeBron cap a historic playoff quest with his fourth title, or will Golden State add another chapter to its dynasty? Our experts make their Finals predictions.
Is Warriors-Cavs IV the biggest mismatch in modern Finals history? How lopsided is this fourth straight Finals rematch, and how much could Andre Iguodala's leg injury change things? Kevin Pelton breaks down the historic matchup.
Cavaliers-Warriors IV was always destined to happen ... right? From the moment the 2017 NBA Finals ended, a fourth Cavs-Warriors series felt inevitable. But that wasn't always the case as the season played out. 2 Related
Randall said he was joking about the jersey, though on Twitter he also tweeted "100 percent chance" about honoring the commitment.
"I definitely didn't think the Cleveland fan base would go this crazy about it," Randall said. "Obviously, it is a joke. Just to know how passionate this fan base is, it is really encouraging."
Randall's Twitter barrage started when he posted that he could hardly wait to see the Warriors' Stephen Curry play in Cleveland, and that Curry would "light this b---- up." Randall said he was referring to Quicken Loans Arena, and said he merely likes Curry.
"I am not anti-LeBron," Randall said. "I'm actually a big LeBron fan as well. When he's going against Steph, I would rather Steph over LeBron. But at the end of the day, they are both great, great players."
Even that statement might not go over in Cleveland, though. It's a small city with a fan base that wants its athletes to support the hometown team.
"I think what Damarious found out is that there are a lot of passionate Cleveland fans here, and you got to be careful about what you say," Browns coach Hue Jackson said. "I don't think he meant it in any harm. I think he has a love and respect for Steph Curry, obviously. But I think he found out that, hey look, in this city it's about the Cavaliers and LeBron James."
Jackson said he showed video of James talking about the importance of team after the Cavs beat the Boston Celtics in Game 7 of the Eastern Conference finals.
"I thought that was tremendous," Jackson said.
But the coach said he had no intention of offering any loans to Randall to help him pay his debt if the Cavs win.
"I'm not paying one dime; I'm done with saying anything," Jackson said with a laugh."There's no more me going on a limb saying anything."
In two days, Jackson will jump into Lake Erie with other members of the organization to live up to his pledge that the Browns would not be worse in 2017 than they were in 2016.
"[Randall] understands that we root for the Cleveland Cavaliers," Jackson said. "That is who we root for. We might have a player that we like, but that is our team up the road there. That is who we will root for."
Quarterback Tyrod Taylor's advice for Randall: "Don't hit send."
"I didn't think people [would] actually view that as a serious tweet from me," Randall said. "Obviously it got the whole world excited about it, and now I'm actually excited about it. It is a great, great opportunity to interact with the fans. We're just going to watch the series and see how everything folds out."
Randall said he was not aware how many retweets he had because his phone freezes every time he goes on Twitter. He also backed off his Twitter promise that he would be sitting courtside for Game 3 and 4 in Cleveland.
"I don't think any Cavs fans would sell me any tickets anymore," he said.
It is not known if Randall's retweets had set a Twitter record for an athlete.
"Do I get a trophy for that?" he asked.
Maybe a jersey, a media member said.
"OK, cool," Randall said.
AJACCIO, France (Reuters) - France is playing with fire by rejecting Corsican demands for autonomy, the island's chief told Reuters, urging President Emmanuel Macron to be open to dialogue when he visits next week.
Before laying down arms in 2014, groups backing Corsican independence had carried out more than 10,000 attacks over four decades, blowing up police stations and holiday homes.
These clandestine groups were linked to at least 40 deaths, either in attacks on government officials or as a result of infighting among rival factions.
“In the 1980s and 1990s, when the nationalist movement only represented a minority and was violent, governments of the left and right held talks with men in balaclavas ... but today, when we represent a majority and say there is no other path than democracy, the government does not want to budge on anything,” said regional council chief Gilles Simeoni.
“It's unacceptable,” he said in an interview in Ajaccio, with the Corsican and European Union flags behind his desk, but not the French tricolour.
Peace on the island and disillusion with mainstream parties tarnished by corruption helped nationalists led by Simeoni win power in elections last December on the back of demands for more autonomy, but not independence.
Simeoni and Corsica's assembly chief, Jean-Guy Talamoni, want official status for the Corsican language and the right to block property purchases by non-residents.
The government has said it is open to some changes in its relationship with Corsica, which currently has fewer rights than regions like Catalonia. But ministers have rejected the most symbolic demands, such as the language question.
That has infuriated nationalist leaders, who have urged Corsicans to join a protest march on Saturday, ahead of Macron's visit on Tuesday, to complain that the government is ignoring their election victory.
“Some people now tell me: if winning elections does not even get us to hold talks on what we gave you a mandate for, it means democracy is a dead end,” Simeoni said.
“To get from there to saying ‘bombs are more efficient than votes' is something I don't agree with, but which at some point could be validated by a number of people.”
Simeoni, a moderate who rejects violence, said this was not blackmail but a call to open up political and economic options for Corsicans in order to avoid not just the risk of political violence but also other types of violence, such as youth crime.
Analysts and nationalists say Corsica now is very different from the violent 1980s, but they could not rule out the possibility of isolated activists carrying out attacks.
Karachi
Pakistan Cricket Team Captain Sarfraz Ahmed said that departmental cricket has played a big part for sports in the country and the news of it shutting down is not a good sign.
The cricketer was speaking about the news of United Bank Limited finishing its cricket team.
He said that departmental cricket should be promoted and this decision would let players face uncertainty.
According to reports, UBL has decided to shut down its cricket team and has apprised the administration of the decision.
PCB's governing board member Mansoor Masood Khan said that there is no truth in this news and the administration is reviewing several options.
Masood Khan said that it isn't the right time for speculation and they want to expand their academy. Earlier in 1997, the UBL team was shut down all of a sudden.
Sources said that in the aftermath of the current decision, 25 players and other employees can be affected.
These players include Yonus Khan, Umar Akmal, Shan Masood, Romaan Rais, Saad Ali, M Asghar and Ahsaan Adil, M Nawaz, Mir Hamza, Sohail Khan, and Sohaib Maqsood are included.
In the previous season, UBL had won the one-day tournament.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jamie Carragher has claimed Philippe Coutinho is not worth the £142million Barcelona paid for the Brazilian.
The Spanish giants splashed out to land the former Liverpool player last month after a six-month pursuit.
But former Reds defender Carragher believes they over-paid for the midfield magician.
“I think if you lose your best player there's no way you can dress it up as a positive window,” he said on Sky Sports' The Debate show.
(Image: David Ramos/Getty Images)
“I think every Liverpool fan, when Philippe Coutinho stayed in the summer, thought ‘okay, we know he's leaving next season. Lets enjoy these 12 months'.
“To lose him mid-season, I don't agree with it but for that fee… Coutinho's not worth that. He's not that good.
“I would have taken £20m-£30m less in the summer to know that Liverpool would have had him for the second half of the season because at that time we were still in the FA Cup, still a Champions League to play for.”
(Image: PA)
Despite the constant speculation over his future, Coutinho scored 12 goals for Liverpool this season.
He made his Barcelona debut in the 1-0 Copa del Rey win over city rivals Espanyol in midweek.
A North Dakota woman pleaded guilty Monday in the killing of a pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby, though officials are still saying little about how the victim died.Brooke Crews, 38, could face life in prison after pleading guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind, of Fargo. Her boyfriend, William Hoehn, 32, has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers.He is scheduled for trial in March, which a prosecutor cited as a reason for continuing to withhold information on the case.Crews' attorney, Steven Mottinger, said afterward that the guilty pleas will help his client argue for less than the maximum sentence of life in prison without parole."Ms. Crews early on indicated that she wanted to take responsibility for her actions," Mottinger said. "From where I stand, she took responsibility today by entering a guilty plea to the three charges."Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with her 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.Crews didn't offer details on how Greywind was killed. Authorities haven't said either, but Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd has said her death was a "cruel and vicious act of depravity."Cass County State's Attorney Birch Burdick said further details aren't likely to be released until after Hoehn's case is finished."As you're well aware, this is one important step in two cases that are intertwined," Burdick said outside the courtroom. "At least our office will be rather circumspect until we've got both cases resolved. Then we can elaborate more fully."Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up her newborn daughter, but she later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents. Crews told police she arranged to have Greywind come to her apartment and told her how to induce labor. Greywind came back two days later to give her the newborn baby, Crews said.But Hoehn told police a different story, according to the documents. He said he came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented him with an infant girl and said: "This is our baby. This is our family."Hoehn told police he took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and his bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex, according to the court documents. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.Authorities have not said how the baby was delivered. The baby is now in the custody of her father, Ashton Matheny, who was Greywind's boyfriend.East Central District Judge Frank Racek on Monday asked Crews about letters she sent to the court complaining about a delay in receiving evidence. Crews told the judge that the issue was resolved."Cases like this we start with initial police reports, lab reports," Mottinger said. "Things come in over a period of time. It's a step-by-step by process."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Titan Petrochemicals Group Ltd:
* ‍HU HONGWEI TENDERED HIS RESIGNATION AS AN EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. (AP) — Rickie Fowler took a share of the lead into the weekend in the Waste Management Phoenix Open. He knows from experience the party is just getting started.
Fowler was tied with Bryson DeChambeau, with each shooting his second straight 5-under 66 on Friday.
Fowler has had a lot of success at TPC Scottsdale without winning. He finished a shot behind Hunter Mahan in 2010, lost to Hideki Matsuyama on the fourth extra hole in 2016 and tied for fourth last year.
Daniel Berger and former Arizona State player Chez Reavie were a stroke back.
The festive tournament drew a Friday-record crowd of 191,400 fans, bringing the week total to 439,088. The third-round mark of 204,906 set last year is expected to be shattered Saturday, and the week record of 655,434 from last year could fall with a day to spare.
Hi!
You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
Thanks,
TC Team
President Trump “called to congratulate Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Monday after a referendum greatly expanding his powers… despite a more circumspect State Department response to Sunday's vote, which international election observers declared unfair,” the Washington Post reports.
In the wake of the “Bachelor In Paradise” scandal that shut down production on the ABC series, contestant Corinne Olympios had hired top Hollywood lawyer, Marty Singer, Variety has confirmed.
In a statement released to Variety, Olympios breaks her silence, saying: “I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened the night of June 4. Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production. As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality. As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after, I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening.”
The statement officially confirms Olympios as the contestant in question, following a wild fire of unconfirmed tabloid reports that allege she was reportedly heavily under the influence of alcohol and involved in a sexual situation with a male co-star (which Variety has opted not to name, until he speaks out), while “Bachelor In Paradise” cameras were rolling. The tabloid press over the past 48 hours, since the production shut-down, has played out as a he-said-she-said saga with numerous conflicting reports.
This past Sunday, Warner Bros. Television, which produces “Bachelor In Paradise” for ABC, announced production had been shut down due to “alleged misconduct,” though the studio did not offer any further details on the matter. A formal investigation, led by Warner Bros. TV, is currently underway. ABC has declined to comment on the future of the series, which Variety reported yesterday is nearing an official cancellation.
As for Olympios' attorney, Singer is known as a powerhouse
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's real estate investment growth slowed in July, as official curbs continued to cool an overheated property market, reinforcing expectations of further slowing in second-half 2017.
New construction starts measured by floor area, a telling indicator of developers' confidence, contracted for the first time since last September, falling 7 percent in July from a year ago, compared to a 14 percent increase in June.
A rampant property boom that has spread since late 2015 from China's biggest cities to smaller centres has prompted Chinese authorities to impose a range of measures to deflate the housing bubble as financial risks accumulated. But speculators have instead flocked to China's less-restricted smaller cities and their massive overhang of unsold houses, which could worry policymakers who want to keep the property market stable ahead of a once-in-five-years Communist Party congress later this year.
The National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said at a briefing in Beijing that speculative property purchases have been effectively controlled as the overheated property market has cooled somewhat, adding that the housing market should be able to maintain stable growth.
Property investment, which mainly focuses on residential real estate but also includes commercial and office space, saw growth ease to 4.8 percent in July from a year earlier, versus 7.9 percent in June, Reuters calculated from National Bureau of Statistics data.
This retreat appeared to vindicate experts from both the industry and the government who have said that new property investment will continue to slow as regulators rein in unscrupulous lending and speculative buying.
Liu Shijin, a government advisor from a top think tank, said growth in the real estate sector was expected to slow to a new normal of about 2 percent in second-half 2017, adding: "It should not be seen as abnormal if there is no growth or negative growth."
Real estate investment, which directly affects 40 other business sectors in China, is considered a crucial driver for the economy.
"The residential sector is about to enter a contraction cycle, which is likely to soften investment growth in the second half of the year," said Tin Sun, head of research at the North China office of CBRE, a property consultancy.
Sales by floor area grew a mere 2 percent in July versus a year ago, the slowest growth since December 2015, and down sharply from a 21.4 percent uptick in June.
Policymakers have prioritised stabilising an overheated property market ahead of the party reshuffle this year, reiterating the need to avoid dramatic price fluctuations that could threaten the financial system and harm social stability.
Some industry experts have said current government curbs are mostly short-term measures that do not address deep-rooted structural problems. "If those dynamics are not changed, even if home prices could be slowing in the short-term, they would eventually rebound violently," said Li Tie, director of China's urban and small towns reform and development centre, a government think tank.
But as soaring property prices have made housing affordability a growing problem for policymakers, Chinese officials have been pushing for more initiatives to increase supply in the hottest markets, even though their effectiveness still remains to be seen.
Beijing pioneered the idea in early August that the government will share home-buyers' ownership for cheaper personal-use only houses, in a bid to make housing more affordable and to further stabilize the real estate market.
Inventory of finished homes - which is usually smaller than private estimates - continued to fall. Inventory floor area in the first seven months shrunk by 11 percent, compared to a fall of 9.6 percent in the January-to-June period.
Kwon Oh-hyun, vice chairman and CEO of Samsung Electronics Co., speaks to employees at the company's headquarters on Jan. 2, 2017. (Photo courtesy of Samsung Electronics Co.)
Samsung Electronics Co. and the South Korean government will soon release the outcome of their investigation into what caused Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire, industry sources said Monday.The South Korean tech giant has asked the US-based safety organization UL to find the root cause of phablets catching fire after the firm halted its sales over recurring battery problems.Separately, the state-run Korea Testing Laboratory has launched its own investigation into components of Samsung's latest flagship phones after numerous reports of the device igniting.The announcement is most likely to be made Jan. 10 or by the end of January at the latest, the source with knowledge of the matter said.Although the investigation has been separately conducted by the two sides, it is mostly likely for the KTL to announce the final result, the sources said."We have not yet confirmed the outcome of UL's investigation," said a KTL official without further elaborating.The government and Samsung reportedly concluded the cause is not a simple battery malfunction, and the two sides are fine-tuning details to reach the final outcome.Industry watchers say finding the exact cause of the Note 7's problem is crucial for Samsung to win back consumers' trust before the firm launches its new flagship model, the Galaxy S8, in April."Samsung Electronics must transform itself after learning an expensive lesson last year," Kwon Oh-hyun, vice chairman and CEO of Samsung, said in his speech for the new year Monday.Samsung Electronics, which suffered a setback during the third quarter of 2016, is also set to announce its fourth-quarter earnings guidance later this week.The South Korean government, meanwhile, said it will strengthen its safety measures to prevent a similar problem."The government is preparing a revision to safety regulations to prevent a similar accident from occurring," said a government official on the condition of anonymity. (Yonhap)
It was two years ago that a scathing article was written after the Toronto Maple Leafs traded Phil Kessel to the Pittsburgh Penguins.
The column penned by Steve Simmons of the Toronto Sun purported that the Leafs had to deal Kessel because they were "sick of his act" and "tired of his lack of responsibility." These barbs followed an introductory paragraph detailing Kessel's hot dog diet near the end of his time in Toronto.
Fast-forward to August 2017, and Kessel is now a two-time Stanley Cup champion, his Penguins having recently defeated the Nashville Predators in six games. But despite the various celebrations that have since ensued, it sure looks like Kessel remembers Simmons' article.
Hotdogs taste better out of The Cup! #twotime #statestreetbrats A post shared by Phil Kessel (@phil_kessel_81_) on Aug 14, 2017 at 2:07pm PDT
If Kessel indeed is trolling, there probably isn't a better response -- two years in the making -- than eating hot dogs from the palm of Lord Stanley. Chalk up another victory for Kessel in 2017.
-- Nick Ostiller
News of the breach prompted authorities in the U.S. and U.K. to launch formal investigations immediately, while the commissioner in Canada initially asked that Uber file a report explaining how the breach happened and its impact on Canadians.
The decision to launch the probe comes weeks after Uber disclosed that hackers stole the personal information from 57 million Uber accounts close to a year earlier.
OTTAWA—The federal privacy commissioner has opened a formal investigation into the large data breach that Uber announced in November.
The privacy commissioner gave little detail in announcing the now formal investigation, noting confidentiality provisions under the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
Uber Canada spokesperson Jean-Christophe de le Rue said the company will co-operate with the investigation.
“The privacy of riders and drivers is of paramount importance at Uber and we will continue to work with the privacy commissioner on this matter.”
Uber has started to provide details elsewhere on the number of potential users affected, including about 2.7 million people in the U.K., but has not disclosed how many of its roughly two million Canadian users may have been hit.
The company said when announcing the hack that it had not seen evidence of fraud or misuse from it, and that it had arranged to have the stolen data destroyed.
With little information forthcoming, Toronto city council voted last week to demand information from the company on the breach, based on requirements in their license agreement with the city.
The company is also facing lawsuits, including one from Washington State, for failing to disclose the breach despite laws requiring it to do so.
Federally, Canada doesn't have laws requiring companies to disclose data breaches, though Alberta does have requirements in place.
Changes to federal privacy laws are under way that would make it a requirement, with public consultations closed in October, but under the proposed revision the privacy commissioner would be limited to issuing a maximum $100,000 fine for not disclosing a breach.
Attention on data breaches have increased after numerous high-profile incidents including the Equifax breach earlier this year that included data on 145 million Americans and about 19,000 Canadians.
In the Roundabout Theatre Company's Broadway revival of “Travesties,” a sign (“Ruhe Bitte”) on the show's set advises us to please be quiet in the Zurich reading room where Tom Stoppard's 1973 comedy takes place. But you can forget about that, because the sound of laughter can't be contained.
Written when the playwright (“Arcadia,” “The Coast of Utopia”) was a mere stripling, this extravagant farce bristles with clever wordplay, from Joycean limericks (“There was a young man from Dublin ….”) to Wildean epigrams. (“I have always found that irony among the lower orders is the first sign of an awakening social consciousness.”) One dazzling scene, in fact, is written entirely in limericks.
Fun on its own etymological terms, this madcap comedy also tips its hat — a beat-up straw boater with a jaunty red hatband — to the spirit of revolution that galvanized Europe in 1917. The War to End All Wars, as the First World War was ironically mis-named, was raging in Europe at the time, while Russia was still in the throes of becoming the Soviet Union.
It's Stoppard's conceit that, while the world held its breath and plunged into war, a Swiss library served as a refuge for James Joyce (Peter McDonald, a spooky lookalike), Lenin (a dour Dan Butler), and the flamboyant Dadaist artist, Tristan Tzara (Seth Numrich, in full fig), each a revolutionary in his own right. Although all three figures were voluble talkers, the narrative duties are entrusted to one Henry Carr (Tom Hollander, a treasure), an anonymous clerk who became a fleeting historical asterisk when he sued James Joyce over the cost of a pair of trousers.
More Reviews Tribeca Film Review: 'No Greater Law'
Carr is one of those anonymous men who live through great moments in history without contributing anything whatsoever to those parlous times. In his slyly sidesplitting performance, Hollander plays this little man with the perfectly blank affect merited by such a nonentity.
Stoppard wrote his farce in the manner of Oscar Wilde's “The Importance of Being Earnest,” and Patrick Marber, who also directed the production at London's Menier Chocolate Factory, honors his eccentric wishes here. Given those circumstances, the appearance of Cecily (Sara Topham) and Gwendolen (Scarlett Strallen), fugitive players from that comedy, makes farcical sense, while contributing wonderfully witty scenes written in fractured verse and set to music. (“Oh, Gwendolen! Oh, Gwendolen! / It sounds ez pretty ez a mendolen!”)
But underneath the gem-like brilliance of its theatrical style, the play's dark subject matter emerges through Carr's own remembered experiences in the war. “I was there,” he tells us, “in the mud and blood of a foreign field, unmatched by anything in the whole history of human carnage.” But before the mind can absorb that dreadful image, Carr the clotheshorse adds that he “ruined several pairs of trousers” while in the trenches.
That about-face joke perfectly captures Stoppard's wry humor. But it also illustrates his back-handed way of questioning (or is it mocking?) his own artistic attempt to address the subject of war within the context of farce. What's funny about war; or, for that matter, what's funny about social revolution, which both claim human lives? Even when the artist dares to grapple with such a question, doesn't it all seem like, well, a Dadaist joke?
“Wars are fought to make the world safe for artists,” says Carr, noting that artists prove to be “ungrateful, hostile, self-centered, and untalented — for which freedoms I went to war.” Easy for him to say. Having been wounded in battle, he sits out the rest of the hostilities in a library in safe, pacific Switzerland, along with other non-combatants like Joyce, Tzara and Lenin.
Lenin is his usual surly self about the non-political Dadaist poets. “Decadent nihilists! Flogging too good for them!” But then again, the Dadaists don't care much for the socialist notion that art has a duty to change society. Carr does his diplomatic best to resolve the quarrel: “Art doesn't change society, it is merely changed by it.”
But the aesthetic battle continues to rage over his objections, which gives Stoppard no end of fun — and his future audiences plenty to puzzle over.
Victoribus spolia…
So far, the most satisfying thing about the Trump win has been the howls and whines coming from the establishment.
Each appointment — some good, some bad from our perspective — has brought forth such heavy lamentations.
You'd think Washington had been invaded by Goths, now raping the vestal virgins (if there are any within the Beltway) on the White House lawns while the Capitol burns to the ground.
Regret and suffering
Trump is happening, of course.
And the very people who made it happen are now in various stages of regret…suffering…or hysteria.
What a delight it is to see them in such pain!
All along I-95 — from the Holland Tunnel to Route 295 into the heart of DC, at a distance of a football field between one and another — you see their fabled leaders, lieutenants, and water carriers crucified, with a small crowd gathered around each, weeping.
There is Hillary, of course. And Senator Elizabeth Warren (secretly happy to see the Human Rights Campaign brought to grief).
Then there's Nobel Prize-winning economist and New York Times columnist Paul Krugman. If there is another 9/11 crisis with Trump in charge, he warns: ‘America as we know it will soon be gone.'
There are the Republican traitors, too — Colin Powell, Henry Paulson, Michael Chertoff — now hanging from their crosses.
And there are the neo-con turncoats, too — Max Boot, Robert Kagan… Crucifixion is probably too good for them.
They are not only traitors to the Republican cause, whatever that may be, but warmongers, too, ready to switch allegiances just to keep the money flowing to their crony friends in the security industry.
Now they all keen away… But what did they expect?
Had they not been lustily ripping off the working stiffs for decades? With their fake money and fake wars, they had transferred trillions of dollars from the Main Street economy into their own pockets.
And then, after the grandest larceny in all history, didn't they lecture the poor victims on global warming, racism, and cisgender issues?
Had they not been so rapacious and sanctimonious…they might have their own egregious gal in the White House now! Instead, the country is run by a man they consider an outrageous jackass.
Sniff…sniff… We feel so sorry for them.
Global Financial Crisis 2017: Three Crisis Scenarios, and How They Could Impact on Australia Daily Reckoning editor Vern Gowdie reveals the three crisis scenarios that could play out as the next credit crisis hits Aussie shores…and the steps you could take to potentially navigate profitably through the troubling times ahead. Simply enter your email address in the box below and click ‘Claim My Free Report'. Plus… you'll receive a free subscription to The Daily Reckoning. We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can cancel your subscription at any time.
‘Great disrupter'
But where does that leave us?
It leaves us with the hero of 2016, too — the man who routed all those hopeless whiners.
And it leaves us with the same swamp…the same swamp critters pulling strings and hatching plans…and the same fake wars — on the real economy, on terror, on poverty, and on drugs.
So far, the losers are crying…all the way to the bank.
Donald Trump is a ‘great disrupter,' says the press. What exactly will he disrupt?
If Mr Trump is to ‘make America great again', he must do more than make the insiders mad. He must make them pay.
We saw what destroyed the Soviet Union's empire: win-lose deals.
The nomenklatura…the insiders…the Communist Party hacks all made out well — for a time. Meanwhile, the average person suffered. His income fell in line with his liberty. Naturally, a lot of people didn't like it.
Stalin had to use drastic measures to keep the losers in check. Between 1936 and 1937, his secret police, the NKVD, arrested 1.5 million people. They shot 600,000 — a rate of about 1,000 a day.
By 1953, there were five million people in Gulags, or ‘internal exile', in Siberia. Whole groups were exterminated, including poets, writers, scientists, and 85% of the Russian Orthodox clergy.
Meanwhile, win-win deals — voluntary exchanges — were practically outlawed. And without them, the system became so pathetic and unproductive, even the elite gave up trying to get anything out of it.
Moneymen and gunmen
Now we know why America's middle class suffers, too…not on the same scale, but for the same basic reason.
Too many win-lose deals were imposed on them by the Parasitocrats, the insiders — the same people who now loathe the president they so richly deserve.
Household income in the US is now lower than it was at the end of the last century. In the year 2000, the typical household had an income of $58,574. Today, it is only $57,827.
So now we know what Mr Trump must do: reduce the number of win-lose deals to make room for more win-win deals. It is that simple.
But doing so isn't simple.
The swamp critters — the insiders and Parasitocrats who control and profit from government regulations and legislation — are behind the win-lose deals. They'll fight to protect them.
We've seen, too, that the deals fit into three main categories: entitlements, the military-industrial-security complex and Wall Street.
As for the first, the Republicans have promised to overhaul Obamacare. But the president has sent mixed messages.
He also pledged to not cut entitlements. And when asked how he would pay for them, he answered that he knows ‘where to get the money from' and ‘nobody else knows.'
More than likely, the new president will be unable, or unwilling, to make any substantial dent in spending on pensions, pills, or schools. There are simply too many crony swamp critters and zombie voters on the receiving end.
Besides, they are not completely lose-lose programs. Overpriced and inefficient they may be. Still, ordinary people do get some real benefits from them.
That leaves the two biggies: the military-industrial-security complex and Wall Street.
Thus do the clouds lift and the picture clarifies.
Trump and his team must try to rein in the gunmen and the moneymen, or they are nothing but conmen.
Regards,
Bill Bonner,
For The Daily Reckoning, Australia
From the Archives
The Bloated and Obese Aussie Property Market Is Headed for a Forced Diet
By Vern Gowdie | 13 February, 2017
Where to From Here for the Australian Property Market?
By Vern Gowdie | 10 February, 2017
Last year Blizzard made what I felt was a huge mistake in scrapping the Battle.net brand, which gamers have associated with properties like StarCraft and Diablo for decades. The company has now reversed that decision, in what can only be a humble acknowledgment of my wisdom in these matters.
“The technology was never going away, but after giving the branding change further consideration and also hearing your feedback, we're in agreement that the name should stay as well,” the company wrote today in a blog post.
The reasoning in 2016 was that there was “occasional confusion and inefficiencies” from Blizzard, the game development company, and Battle.net, the game launcher and matchmaking service, having different names.
I'm pretty sure that wasn't actually a problem then, and I don't think there's one now. But probably to throw a bone to the marketing manager who suggested this ill-advised course of action in the first place, the service will now be known as “Blizzard Battle.net.”
Zug zug, but we'll all still just call it Battle.net. Hopefully forever.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Strictly Come Dancing's Mollie King and AJ Pritchard have been hit with romance rumours for the entire series - and that hasn't stopped since they were knocked out.
The couple, who were booted out during this weekend's semi-final, have faced jokes made at their expense from Claudia Winkleman and Tess Daly.
There was no let up on tonight's companion show It Takes Two, as host Zoe Ball asked Mollie if she had "fallen in love".
The presenter quickly confirmed that she was talking about dancing, but then went on to hint at a potential marriage by joking she already has "a hat for the wedding".
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
Mollie was left in tears after being shown a montage of clips of her time on the show.
She continued to wipe away the tears as friends and family gave messages of support, but luckily AJ was on hand to comfort her throughout.
Zoe asked: "Very important question - have you fallen in love..."
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
The audience gasped while Mollie and AJ squirmed on the sofa.
Zoe quickly added: "...with dancing. What are you insinuating? Please, as if I would stoop so low."
A giggling Mollie said: "I have loved it, I really have. It was such an unbelievable experience. I wish I could do it again."
As the interview drew to a close, Zoe said: "We've fallen in love with the idea that you two might fall in love one day. And if you do I've got a hat for the wedding."
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
It Takes Two viewers took to Twitter to beg Mollie and AJ to publicly reveal a romance.
One viewer said: "Can Molly and AJ just kiss and show they're in love now!! #Strictly #ItTakesTwo"
Another added: "If they want the rumours to stop, they are not helping themselves #ItTakesTwo #strictly"
A third said: "Are you an item now ..... or am I reading too much into Zoe's comments on ‘it takes two'? #strictly "
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The couple appeared to confirm their romance last week with some very revealing reactions to Claudia Winkleman's kissing joke.
And it seems the presenters were not ready to let it lie as Claudia and Tess Daly addressed the "elephant in the room".
They made a cheeky gag at the couple's expense for the second week running which must have left them feeling very awkward.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
Tess revealed that the pair were doing a "romantic Waltz".
Claudia said: "I think we're all agreed it's the right time to talk about the elephant in the room."
A confused Tess replied: "What do you mean - are Mollie and AJ a couple or not?"
(Image: BBC)
Trying to turn attention away from the couple, Claudia said: "No that elephant in the room."
Suddenly a loud elephant trump was heard and Claudia rushed off to get rid of the animal.
Tess looked a bit shocked as she was talking about another elephant.
(Image: BBC)
Strictly viewers were in hysterics at Tess and Claudia's joke.
One viewer said: "AS IF TESS AND CLAUDIA JUST DID THAT IM F***ING CRYING!!! YES YES YES BABIES #Strictly"
Another added: "Tess and Claudia can't stop bringing up whether or not Mollie and AJ are a couple"
A third said: "Well that's awkward Tess #Strictly"
(Image: BBC)
Mollie and AJ appeared to confirm their romance last week with some very revealing reactions to Claudia Winkleman's kissing joke.
The couple, who looked very close on the sofa after discovering they were through to the semis, had their relationship questioned by Tess Daly on Saturday night's show.
And after it was revealed they spent 300 hours training on tonight's results show, fellow presenter Claudia cheekily claimed that Mollie and AJ had spent 'only half that time kissing'.
The audience let out and audible gasp while Mollie started laughing and looked up to the ceiling to hide her emotions.
(Image: BBC)
AJ looked stunned before also looking upwards, while their fellow dancers were left open mouthed after hearing Claudia's remarks.
The professional dancer kept his arm tight behind Mollie's back while she put her hand over her fface.
The rest of the competitors started chanting for them to kiss, as Claudia admitted she was "joking".
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
The hilarious moment came after Mollie revealed her emotions after making it to next week's semi-final.
She said: "I can't put it into words. I'm just over the moon. And I'm so grateful to you [AJ]. We train every hour of the day. Poor AJ must be like 'not again'. I'm so grateful and thank you to everyone who has voted for us
AJ added: "Your dedication is just outstanding, you're willing to train for over 300 hours."
Quickly getting her joke in, Claudia said: "And only half that time is spent kissing."
(Image: BBC)
Strictly viewers took to Twitter after hearing Claudia's hilarious joke.
One viewer said: "GOT TO LOVE CLAUDIA FOR TEASING MOLLIE AND AJ ABOUT KSSING FOR THE SECOND TIME IN A ROW"
Another added: "Claudia said what we were all thinking about Mollie and AJ #strictly "
A third said: "Claudia to Mollie and AJ: and only half that time is spent kissing! IM LAUGING SO HARD, THEIR REACTIONS #Strictly "
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
This came after Tess Daly also got into speculation about their romance on the previous show.
During the musicals-themed Strictly, Mollie and AJ danced a romantic Rumba to Hopelessly Devoted To You from Grease.
At the end, AJ leaned over her and they looked very close.
As they walked over to Tess, the host couldn't help but ask whether they had actually kissed.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
She questioned: "Did you actually kiss her on the lips?"
The judges were also really feeling the love - particularly Bruno.
Grinning knowingly, Bruno remarked: "I could feel the fireworks myself... i never thought you would be able to translate these emotions into such brilliant motions."
* Strictly Come Dancing airs every weekend on BBC One
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo has signed the 2017 appropriation bill into law.
Mr. Osinbajo signed the budget at about 4:40 p.m. on Monday inside his conference room in the presence of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Abba Kyari; Senate President, Bukola Saraki, Speaker of the
House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, Ministers and other top government officials.
The total budget figure signed is put at N 7.44 trillion.
Mr. Osinbajo said his signing of the budget was a milestone in the implementation of the economic and growth plan programme put in place by Mr. Buhari in April.
He said the processes of putting the budget in place had been smoother than that of 2016 with no allegations of errors.
“There were far few cases of acrimony unlike in the past. There is no doubt at all that our democracy is maturing very well,” he said.
The National Assembly passed the 2017 Appropriations Bill on May 10 after raising from the N7.28 trillion earlier proposed by President Muhammadu Buhari in December last year, to N7.44 trillion.
President Buhari is away in the United Kingdom for medical treatment.
It is the first time in recent years that an acting president would sign the budget into law.
After the signing, the senior special assistant to the President on prosecutions, Okoi Obono-Obla, disclosed that 20 % of the budget will be financed by recovered looted funds.
A caring Houghton Regis mother is donating a defibrillator to a Dunstable school in memory of her late son, so staff and pupils have access to life-saving equipment.
Sarah Pyatt, 50, lost her son Jake Gallagher in 2012 after he suffered from a cardiac arrest at just 16, and the determined mum has since made it her mission to ensure that schools in Bedfordshire are equipped with defibrillators.
Jake and Sarah
Through her dedicated fundraising and support from several organisations, Sarah, a member of the charity Sudden Adult Death Trust UK (SADS UK), has already put seven defibrillators in place and The Vale Academy will be the eighth to benefit.
Anne Jolly, Founder of SADS UK, the Ashley Jolly SAD Trust, said: “We are grateful to Sarah Pyatt and The Advance Catering Group, who have supported the charity significantly.
“SADS UK is pleased that The Vale Academy will benefit from having a defibrillator to restart the heart if there is a cardiac arrest on the premises.
“We work with schools and highlight the fact that they should have defibrillators in place to save lives.
“Using CPR alone provides a 5 per cent chance of survival but early use of the defibrillator as well increases the chance of survival to over 50 per cent.”
Funds for the defibrillator were raised through the annual Jake's Bash, the Midlands Tough Mudder, a Colour Obstacle Run and an office fundraising event.
SADS UK are running the ‘Big Shock Campaign' to make defibrillators available in all schools and widely in the community.
Copies of ‘The Warning Signs' leaflets have been provided to the school to assist people who may have an underlying cardiac condition to be identified and treated and defibrillator training will be carried out at the Academy on December 5.
For information about providing your community with a defibrillator, call SADS UK on 01277 811215, or email info@sadsuk.org.
> www.sadsuk.org.
5 min read Women Entrepreneurs
How Women Entrepreneurs Can Use Execution for Startup Success
Women still receive only 7 percent of U.S. venture capital funding, but there's one tool at their disposal they must master to be successful.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Buckle up. We're ready to get to work. That's what Vice President Mike Pence told congressional Republicans in Philadelphia today. GOP lawmakers are holding a retreat to plot out an aggressive agenda for the next few months. They want to repeal Obamacare, pass a replacement plan and at the same time overhaul the tax code. They also want to fulfill President Trump's pledge to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border.
Trump came to the congressional retreat today, and NPR's congressional reporter Scott Detrow is also there. Hi, Scott.
SCOTT DETROW, BYLINE: Hey, Ari.
SHAPIRO: This is more power than Republicans in Washington have had for a long time. How are they planning to approach this very full to-do list?
DETROW: They are very eager to make up for lost time. It's been a decade since they've had control of the House, the Senate and the White House, and that's something President Trump joked about during his speech today, pointing to Paul Ryan who was on stage with him.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: He is writing his heart out, right? And we're actually going to sign this stuff that you're writing. You're not wasting your time.
(CHEERING, APPLAUSE)
TRUMP: He would write it. He'd send it up, and nothing would happen. But now it's going to happen.
DETROW: So Ryan and other leaders are really anxious to pass laws, not just bills that get vetoed. They're talking about a really aggressive schedule - repealing Obamacare and putting a replacement plan in place by April and then overhauling the tax code, major tax cuts by the end of August. Add to that a Cabinet that needs approval, hundreds of other executive appointments that need approval and, oh, yeah, a Supreme Court pick that's coming in the next weeks. It's...
SHAPIRO: Right, that too.
DETROW: ...Pretty busy schedule.
SHAPIRO: Yeah. With such a busy schedule...
DETROW: That other thing.
SHAPIRO: ...And Republicans controlling the White House, the House and the Senate, though not by a filibuster-proof margin, how much can Democrats actually do to slow this down?
DETROW: Democrats can slow it down, and there are a few things that they will need to have a say on. But Republican leaders are trying to do their best to work around that. Take a listen to Mitch McConnell speaking this morning.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
MITCH MCCONNELL: You know, the two biggest issues we're moving forward with the first half of the year obviously are repeal and replacing Obamacare and tax reform. Both of those we anticipate having little or no democratic cooperation. So we are working with the House to make sure these measures are reconcilable.
DETROW: Reconcilable - that's Congress-speak for using a procedure where you only need 51 votes to pass a bill in the Senate, not that 60-vote threshold that means you need some Democratic support. That's limited to things that affect the budget, though, and you still can't create a new health care plan through reconciliation. So Republicans do still need some Democratic votes to do a lot of their agenda.
It's interesting. Today, President Trump showed some frustration already with the pace of Congress. He made several comments about wanting his commerce secretary confirmed, wanting other members of his Cabinet confirmed. So far he's only had four nominees be approved by the Senate.
SHAPIRO: There are so many moving pieces. Today, another one is that Mexico's president canceled a trip to Washington, saying that Mexico will not pay for a border wall as Trump insisted it will. What did congressional Republicans have to say about that?
DETROW: Yeah, whether or not Mexico ultimately pays for this wall, everyone agrees that Congress is going to have to front the money to pay for it, and everybody agrees it's going to be expensive. The figure that McConnell was using today was $12 to $15 billion. That would be in a spending package that's coming in the next few months.
You know, for years, Republicans have insisted on finding funding for every spending project or cutting the same amount of money from somewhere else, but Speaker Ryan said this morning he's expecting the White House to make what's called a supplemental funding request. That's the kind that's normally used for emergency defense spending, to fund wars overseas.
But you know, you have the wall. You have other big spending projects. Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell and President Trump all like to talk about how much they're on the same page, but there could be some tension coming down the line here because Trump wants to spend a lot of money, and that really goes against the traditional Republican approach.
SHAPIRO: That's NPR's Scott Detrow speaking with us from the Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia. Thanks, Scott.
DETROW: Thank you. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
There are many forms of birth control on the market today, and most of them are female-centric, including the birth control pill, intrauterine devices (IUDs), the Patch, and the NuvaRing. Now, however, a small study found that a male birth control pill tested successfully, reports Time. In other words, having an oral form of testosterone test safely is unique. In the past, oral forms of testosterone have been linked to possibly causing liver inflammation, the study's senior investigator, Stephanie Page, M.D., PhD, professor of medicine at the University of Washington, Seattle, Washington, stated in the Endocrine Society press release about the study. But this was not the case in this study. Of course, if this pill, dimethandrolone undecanoate (DMAU), were to eventually become available on the market, it would be *huge* for birth control as we know it.
“This would be a nice new option for men,” Dr. Michael Krychman, Executive Director of the Southern California Center for Sexual Health and Survivorship Medicine and co-author of The Sexual Spark: 20 Essential Exercises to Reignite the Passion, tells Bustle. “Choice is exceptionally important, and male involvement and empowerment of the couple to make joint decisions is crucial in the overall birth control paradigm — it's an opportunity to improve communication among partners. After all, pregnancy prevention and contraception are an essential part of the sexual experience, and a couple must discuss the best choice that fits their lifestyle.”
The male birth control pill study was done among 83 men over a month-long period. During the month, they took a daily oral contraceptive, DMAU, tailor-made for males. According to the Endocrine Society press release announcing the study, the pill “combines activity of an androgen (male hormone) like testosterone, and a progestin.” It goes without saying that a male birth control pill would be a game-changer, and the results of the study were presented this past Sunday, March 18, at ENDO 2018, the Endocrine Society's 100th annual meeting in Chicago, IL. “DMAU is a major step forward in the development of a once-daily ‘male pill',” said Dr. Page. “Many men say they would prefer a daily pill as a reversible contraceptive, rather than long-acting injections or topical gels, which are also in development.”
Why Has There Not Been A Male Birth Control Pill Before?
Ashley Batz/Bustle
If you're wondering why there has not been a male birth control pill yet, good question. Page stated that it is because available oral forms of testosterone may cause liver inflammation. Plus, they clear the body too fast for dosing once per day, and would then require two doses per day. But DMAU is different since it contains undecanoate, a long-chain fatty acid which slows this clearance, she said.
How The Study Was Done
The study took place at the University of Washington Medical Center and at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center in Torrance, CA, led by co-author Christina Wang, M.D. Three different doses of DMAU were tested — 100, 200, and 400 milligrams (mg), and two different formulations inside the capsules (castor oil and powder) among men from 18-50 years old. For the drug to work, DMAU must be taken with food. Most men received and took DMAU daily while five subjects in each dosing group received and took an inactive placebo.
At the 400 mg level, study subjects showed “marked suppression” of levels of their testosterone, as well as two hormones required for sperm production. “Despite having low levels of circulating testosterone, very few subjects reported symptoms consistent with testosterone deficiency or excess,” Page said. In addition, the males passed safety tests, including markers of liver and kidney function. “These promising results are unprecedented in the development of a prototype male pill,” Page said. “Longer term studies are currently under way to confirm that DMAU taken every day blocks sperm production.”
DMAU is being developed by the National Institutes of Health, Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, which also funded this study. Hopefully, with further studies of DMAU being done, a male birth control pill will be an actual product in the future.
There Are Other Forms Of Male Birth Control In The Works
Andrew Zaeh for Bustle
While a male birth control pill would be revolutionary, there have been some other methods of male birth control in the works, too. For instance, according to MIT Technology Review, after more than 10 years, a topical contraceptive gel will begin testing in a clinical trial starting in April. The gel may prevent the production of sperm, and the trial will last for approximately four years. MIT states that this would be the biggest effort in the U.S. regarding testing a hormonal form of birth control for men.
Vasalgel, too, is another male birth control method. Unlike a vasectomy, Vasalgel is likely more reversible, according to their website. It is a non-hormonal contraceptive wherein a gel is injected into the vas deferens, blocking sperm from swimming through. However, men can get the gel flushed out months or years later if they so choose. The first clinical trial is expected to take place in 2018. Meanwhile, Vasalgel has been tested successfully in rabbits and monkeys.
All in all, any effective and safe form of male birth control would be amazing. In addition, it would put birth control options more in men's hands, too — literally — which is a whole other story.
DON MILLS, NORTH YORK Location: 55 Jocelyn Cres., Don Mills Rd. and Lawrence Ave. E. Asking price: $1,580,000 Size: about 1,500 sq. ft., plus about 600 sq. ft. finished basement
Article Continued Below
Lot: 57-by-160 ft., single-car carport, private drive, three parking spaces Taxes: $5,733 (2017) Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2 This three-level side-split was among the first of the houses constructed in Don Mills, one of Canada's first post-Second World War master-planned communities that's been used as a template for Toronto's suburban neighbourhoods. Built and designed by Henry Fliess — the original owner and also an architect — this trend-setting family home features an open-concept, main-floor living area and a finished basement with an office and backyard walkout. “From the first time I saw the house in 1970, what struck me most was being able to walk in the front door and see right into the backyard through the floor-to-ceiling windows,” homeowner Gerry Fitzpatrick says.
The family room addition has broadloom on the floor, a wood-burning fireplace that is flush with a ceramic tiled wall, a closet, a sloped ceiling, track lights, a picture window, floor-to-ceiling windows and a glass door walkout. ( Royal LePage Signature Realty )
“The wood accents that enhance the main floor, made by Fliess, are still intact. In contrast to the living room, the low-sloping ceiling of the family room, converted from a portion of the carport by Fliess, has a cosy and intimate feel with the wood-burning fireplace. The family room has a walkout to a natural stone patio. “I built the vine-covered pergola as an extension to the room, and it has been the site of countless leisurely evenings of outdoor dining and family celebrations. Over the last five years we have also completely enclosed the backyard for optimal privacy,” Fitzpatrick says. “The neighbourhood is very friendly and community involvement is high. There are people who grew up in the neighbourhood who then have purchased homes nearby to stay close to their parents,” Fitzpatrick adds. The home is a short walk to the CF Shops at Don Mills. Also nearby are schools, a community centre, an arena, a library and Edwards Gardens. The home has easy access to public transit, the Don Valley Parkway and Hwy. 401. “Although the area is established, it is also experiencing an influx of new buyers — people who may have previously only considered areas such as Willowdale or Bayview Village are looking in this neighbourhood since it offers many of the same conveniences and is more affordable,” listing agent Sohail Mansoor says.
Features of the dining room include a vaulted ceiling with wood accents, track lights, a chandelier-type pendant light, a hardwood floor and a wood-panelled wall with a pass-through to the kitchen. ( Royal LePage Signature Realty )
“When architect Fliess built this home in 1953, he brought forward-thinking west-coast architecture to Toronto. With its sloped roofline, tall windows and split-level design, this home is not the standard cookie-cutter home. Plus, its large yard offers many possibilities, including a backyard ice rink,” Mansoor adds. The all-brick home features a varied roofline, an interlocking brick walkway, a front door with a glass insert and transom window, and a large landscaped front yard with mature trees and shrubbery. In the foyer has a high ceiling, a ceramic-tile floor, grasscloth wallpapered walls and a double closet. The living room contains wood posts, wood accents on a high and sloping ceiling, hardwood flooring, wood panels on one wall, a ceiling fan and a floor-to-ceiling window spanning the back wall. The adjoining dining room is outfitted with a vaulted ceiling with wood accents, track lights, a chandelier-type pendant light, hardwood flooring and a wood-panelled wall with a pass-through to the kitchen.
The kitchen showcases a sloping ceiling, a ceramic tile floor, a ceramic tile backsplash, a pantry, a large window over the sink and counter and a built-in dishwasher. ( Royal LePage Signature Realty )
Features in the kitchen include a sloping ceiling, a ceramic-tile floor, a ceramic-tile backsplash, a pantry, a large window over the sink and counter, and a built-in dishwasher. The spacious family-room addition features broadloom, a wood-burning fireplace built flush with a ceramic -tiled wall, a closet, a sloped ceiling, track lights, a picture window plus floor-to-ceiling window and a glass door walkout flanked by a large floor-to ceiling window. There is a powder room just off the family room. On the second level, the master bedroom has broadloom (with hardwood below), two double closets and a large picture window. There are two more bedrooms — both with broadloom (over hardwood) and picture windows, and one with a double closet. A four-piece bathroom completes this level. The finished basement has a recreation room with broadloom, pot lights and built-in open shelves. The lower level office contains built-in upper shelves on two walls, broadloom on the floor, pot lights and a sliding-glass door walkout to the back patio.
This three-level, side-split brick home features a sloping roofline, an interlocking brick walkway, a front door with a glass insert and a transom window above and a large landscaped front yard with mature trees and shrubbery. ( Royal LePage Signature Realty )
ISLAMABAD : Former Prime Minister and Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz) Quaid Nawaz Sharif on Tuesday dismissed chances of corruption in the ongoing cases against him and his family.
“Allegations of corruption of billions were levelled against me but nothing has been proven so far,” he said, while talking to media after hearing in the NAB court.
He said that whatever they had was bought from personal money and not from the national exchequer. He said that if there is no corruption, this series of vindictive cases need to stop.
Maryam Nawaz also said that there is no point in prolonging the cases any further after the testimony received. She said that the allegation of London flats being in her name was completely baseless.
Orignally published by INP
LeBron James, right, and the Cleveland Cavaliers make their only scheduled visit to Toronto on Jan. 11. The NBA champion Golden State Warriors will visit Toronto two days later. ( Vaughn Ridley / GETTY IMAGES )
The Toronto Raptors will make their earliest regular-season start in club history this fall. The NBA released its full schedule Monday, and Toronto will start its 23rd season at home against Chicago on Oct. 19 — a week earlier than last season's start. Toronto's road debut is Oct. 23 at San Antonio, which will open a six-game road swing, their longest of the season. Read more: Canadian women defend FIBA AmeriCup crown
Article Continued Below
Roy Rana named Team Canada head coach for upcoming FIBA AmeriCup The longest home stand is four games from Feb. 2-8. They will end the regular season April 11 at Miami. Toronto will host the NBA champion Golden State Warriors on Jan. 13, two days after the lone visit from LeBron James and the Eastern Conference champion Cleveland Cavaliers.
The Raptors will have 14 back-to-back games, down three from last season. Six will feature a pair of road games. More facts and dates to watch from the NBA schedule: The four-games-in-five-days challenges? Eliminated for the first time in NBA history. Back-to-backs? Only 14.4 per team on average, an all-time low for the third year in a row. Single-game road trips, average miles travelled and time zones crossed? All down a bit as well. Opening night is Oct. 17, the earliest the regular season has started in 37 years. Paul George travels back to Indiana on Dec. 13 for the first time since the Pacers surprisingly dealt him to Oklahoma City. Jimmy Butler, another all-star who went East to West in the summer, takes the Timberwolves into Chicago on Feb. 9. The NBA's top two draft picks go head-to-head for the first time Nov. 15 when Markelle Fultz and Philadelphia visit Lonzo Ball and the Lakers. The all-star game goes Feb. 18 in Los Angeles. The Christmas schedule, as usual, is headlined by NBA finalists Golden State and Cleveland meeting for the first time since the Warriors' five-game victory in June. They will meet again on Jan. 15 on the Cavaliers' home floor. Later that night, Chris Paul's Houston Rockets play the Clippers at Staples Center for the first time since acquiring the point guard to play alongside James Harden in their backcourt.
MTV is aggressively building out its Thursday night original series lineup in an effort to capitalize on the success of “Jersey Shore Family Vacation.”
MTV has ordered four unscripted series as it looks to stack the night with “Jersey Shore” compatible unscripted series. Two of the four shows are set well outside of New York and L.A. — Decatur, Ind. and Pike County, Ky. — in a bid to add more cultural diversity to the slate at a moment when Middle America is a hot demo for TV.
“What's happening in the middle of the country is so different than what's happening on the coasts,” MTV/VH1 president Chris McCarthy told Variety. “We are always looking for interesting and authentic subcultures that gives us a look at youth culture in this country.”
Thursday has become a beachhead for MTV as it slowly but surely pulls out of its long ratings slump. “Jersey Shore” has averaged 2.1 million viewers per episode in Live+Same Day since its premiere earlier this month. McCarthy said they strategically programmed it in the 8 p.m. slot to allow it to serve as the anchor of a night where MTV saw an opening for big-tent unscripted series. “Jersey Shore” and its new 9 p.m. companion “Ex on the Beach” have created a solid foundation.
“We want to double down on big franchise shows and build a massive night,” McCarthy said.
The new series will roll out in June through the fall, starting with “Too Stupid to Die.” The series revolves around the antics of daredevil Zach Holmes and his young-guy friends in Decatur. It's a throwback in some ways to “Jackass,” but with greater emphasis on the family lives of five young men and one woman who are part of Holmes' core circle. The half-hour episodes, produced by Gunpowder and Sky, will air as an hourlong stack. There's a kind of sitcom-esque quality to the show that makes it a little warmer than “Jackass,” McCarthy said.
“They're fun. This is a really interesting subculture and hopefully they won't get us into too much trouble,” he jokes.
“Made in Kentucky” — produced by MTV Studios, Luau and Critical Content — revolves around a core group of six young men and women who are at the crossroads of finishing high school and trying to figure out the next steps in their lives. The rural setting lends itself to perspectives that aren't often seen on MTV, although it is not a politically charged show. “MTV at its core is a showcase of youth culture and coming of age stories,” McCarthy said. “That's what this show is.” It's targeted for premiere in July.
Back on the left coast, MTV will head to “Staten Island 10310” in August to following a group of young adults in the New York City borough that has a small town feel despite its proximity to the nation's largest urban center. Staten Island's population is famously a mix of law enforcement and firefighters with those involved in less-than-legal occupations. “In many ways life on the island has such a different texture than the rest of New York,” McCarthy said. “We get to see another side of these kids who are very scrappy.” The show hails from MTV Studios.
“Just the Tattoo of Us,” from MTV Studios and Big Fish, aims to add a colorful competition element to the slate. Based on an international format, the series challenges couples, friends and family members to design tattoos for one another. The participants won't get a look at the image until after it is inked onto a body part, for good.
MTV's interest in the property was sparked by research indicating that millennials and Gen Z-ers are among the nation's most heavily decorated people and that friends and lovers often get new tattoos together. “Tattoo of Us” is aiming for a fall premiere.
The momentum from “Jersey Shore,” which has been renewed for season two, and “Ex on the Beach” has galvanized MTV's focus on finding great youthful characters in unexpected situations and settings.
“The first piece of this Thursday strategy has exceeded our expectations,” McCarthy said. “We are excited to build on that with these new shows.”
(Pictured: “Jersey Shore Family Vacation”)
Earlier this month, two former Google staffers quietly launched a new app that's designed to help users overcome technology's uncanny valley and develop a more healthy relationship with the ubiquitous electronic assistant that “lives” in our pockets.
Called Maslo, the new app (and the company behind it), in the words of its founders, to develop a “personified AI technology that interacts with empathy and playfulness.”
At its core, the first iteration of Maslo is a daily check-in tool that encourages and develops mindfulness, according to founders Ross Ingram and Christina Poindexter.
Once downloaded, Maslo is a voice-activated journaling tool with a basic status update feature that encourages users to log an emoji representation of their emotional state a particular moment, and spend a minute talking to the app about what's going on.
The idea, the founders say, is to have Maslo evolve and personalize as users interact with it. You can see what the company's blobby AI looks like below.
[gallery ids="1608868,1608869,1608870,1608871,1608872,1608873"]
Ingram, who was a former Sphero employee working on projects like the BB-8 before he joined Google, has thought deeply about how technology intersects with the human psyche and how people create bonds with the technologies they use.
“We started building robots in 2010 and in the 2012 to 2013 timeframe we wondered what this would look like if we added some personality to this — and some kind of relationship,” says Ingram. “Whenever we launched these robots out into the world… people had this desire to connect on a deeper level… people wanted to share aspects of themselves with the robot.”
Meanwhile, his co-founder noticed the same behaviors from people who were interacting with the Google assistants in their early days.
“A lot of these interactions were non-utility queries,” says Poindexter, a Yale-educated sociologist, who worked on Google's soon-to-be-announced assistants in the Pixel phone and Google Home in 2016 when she and Ingram first met.
“There was this need to go in and help people on a deeper level… I have a background in sociology and I look at it from a users' perspective of what do people need,” Poindexter says. “A lot of these interactions [with the assistant] were mulling things over and needing a place to express them….and Google can't deliver on that and from a brand perspective Google didn't want to.”
That's perfectly clear from Google's latest commercial.
By contrast, Maslo wants to be a space where people can more comfortably address the emotional aspects of user's lives.
“It's the way we define an assistant vs. a companion… assistants help things get done in the external world and companions are going to help us get things done in our internal world,” says Ingram.
“There are going to be different classes of machines that interact and relate to humans on different levels,” Poindexter adds. “We are seeing thousands of people using machines for assistant based things… we know that where this is going we're going to start talking more to whatever you want to call them — assistants or companions — and Alexa won't help you figure out if you need help.”
With Ingram's experience in design and hardware, the two came to the conclusion (as they relate in a blog post about Maslo's early days), that technology “can help us become more human, and less robotic.”
Ingram left Google in December of 2016 and Poindexter followed in February. The two moved down to Los Angeles and began collaborating on the project that would eventually become Maslo.
Over the long term, the two founders think of Maslo as a gateway to interacting with other services that a user may need — and one that is completely focused on security. Other tools can help with therapy, self-improvement, education, or entertainment, and Maslo wants to be the funnel that prompts users to take advantage of those services when necessary.
Importantly, in this era of increased privacy protection, the two have built Maslo so that most of the user information that Maslo collects stays on a user's device rather than on servers that the company hosts. “Privacy and trust is the most critical to us,” says Ingram. “We've designed the architecture in a way that does keep a lot of the sensitive information on the phone. We do have to upload some things to the cloud in a secure way to continue to develop Maslow's back end and machine learning… [But] we don't have access to the actual voice note… we are able to interpret whatever is shared using our algorithms.”
Meanwhile transformative powers of technology and the ways in which it can provide a positive influence in people's lives isn't just rhetorical hyperbole for Ingram — he's experienced it himself.
At 16 years old, Ingram, who grew up in a small town in rural Colorado, faced three felony charges and expulsion from his high school for stealing a computer. Always interested in technology, Ingram came from a working class family that didn't have enough money for him to indulge in his favorite pastime.
The brush with the law could have landed him in jail, but Ingram was sent to a diversion program to keep kids out of prison and while there, the young developer decided to pursue a career in computer science. He enrolled in Denver's Metropolitan Community College and while attending class managed to talk his way into a job with Sphero.
Ingram met the Sphero founders when they were just a collection of Boulder-based Android developers going through the Techstars program. When the company raised its first round, Sphero hired Ingram as its 7th employee and his career was off to the races.
“Going through that experience… helped me develop my sense of identity and figure out where I wanted to go in life,” Ingram says. “That's very much what we're focused on with Maslo today. Maslo is a reference to Maslow's hierarchy of needs and developing the tools you need to have that sense of self.”
Several studies (including this one from the University of Iowa) discuss the positive effects of journaling on mental health and addressing trauma. And Poindexter said that's where Maslo wants to begin.
“In the beginning there needs to be some sort of joy in the exercise,” she says. “We really want to reflect back to people what they're saying… [Maslo] holds up a mirror… it's a sounding board and doesn't necessarily give you the answers but shows you what you might already know.”
Over time, the two co-founders expect that the application will evolve to become more personalized as users develop a relationship with the AI they're talking to. “The way that Maslo looks and the way Maslo animates and talks will be something that happens down the road,” says Ingram. “Being able to build this sense of companionship between machine and the user so that it is this safe space to access is very important.”
DANIEL Ricciardo looks set to stay with Red Bull next season unless Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton suddenly announces his retirement in the next few days, team boss Christian Horner has said.
The race-winning Australian, who turned 29 last Sunday, is out of contract at the end of the year and has been mulling his options for months.
He has had Mercedes and Ferrari in his sights but, despite potential vacancies at both teams, neither has seemed interested.
"We've now got to the point where there is a desire from both sides to continue the relationship," Horner told reporters at the Red Bull factory ahead of this weekend's British Grand Prix.
"So it's just a matter of now really going through the detail and coming to a conclusion, which will certainly be done prior to the summer (August) break."
With Mercedes winning the last four drivers' and constructors' championships, and trading the lead with Ferrari this year, Horner recognised the champions could have lured Ricciardo away.
Daniel Ricciardo gets into the zone
"I think that had Mercedes put a serious offer on the table, or an offer, he would have been potentially interested," the Briton said.
"He's impatient to try and challenge for a world title so I think he would have had his head turned in the event of a Mercedes or a Ferrari offer, but I think those two teams look pretty set where they are."
Prior to the Austrian Grand Prix it was reported the gun Aussie was on the verge of re-signing with Red Bull, but he quickly clarified his position.
"I still don't have an answer - not just for you but in my own mind as well," Ricciardo said.
"There are still ongoing discussions."
Ricciardo says contesting for world titles is his overriding priority for 2019 and beyond - but also wants his achievements to date to be recognised in his next deal.
"I said it from the start, the priority is to try and get a car that can win a world title because I really believe I can. So that's the first thing in my mind," he said.
"If there was absolutely no possibility then you look into other things, but I think as a driver I think I've done enough now … even Lewis (Hamilton) touched on it, and I didn't even need to really say it, your value as a driver is not 'X' amount of money it's just what you feel your value is and what you bring to the sport.
Red Bull look set to keep the band together for next season.
"I feel I hold a certain value so I just want to at least match that with my expectations and what also people value me as."
Mercedes is yet to confirm either of their drivers for 2019, but Hamilton is expected to agree to a lucrative new deal imminently and Finland's Valtteri Bottas is also expected to stay.
Ferrari has confirmed the spot of Ricciardo's former teammate Sebastian Vettel, a four-time world champion who is leading Hamilton by a single point ahead of Silverstone, and Monegasque rookie Charles Leclerc is favourite to replace Kimi Raikkonen.
Horner said Ricciardo suited Red Bull's brand image and was a popular member of a team set to trade Renault engines for Honda power next year.
Asked whether Ricciardo would get equal money to 20-year-old Dutch hotshot Max Verstappen, the winner in Austria last weekend, Horner said only that each had their own value.
"Obviously, one of the things he was waiting to understand was where we were going with engines as well. He's seen and understood the decision-making behind where we've gone," Horner said.
"Hopefully, the rest of it becomes a formality, unless Lewis announces his retirement at the British Grand Prix this weekend."
- with AAP
Reliance Jio had moved the HC on 13 April against Bharti Airtel's ‘T20 cricket Live and Free' advertisement, alleging that the ad was misleading and deceptive as it failed to inform consumers about the hidden costs.
New Delhi: The Delhi high court on Tuesday asked Bharti Airtel to tweak its ‘T20 cricket Live and Free' advertisement so that a disclaimer on certain hidden costs are written in bold, and comply with a 13 April order passed by it.
On 13 April, justice Yogesh Khanna had directed Bharti Airtel to modify, as in an interim measure, the ‘T20 cricket Live and Free' advertisement to the extent of making the information on data consumption cost more prominent.
The court was hearing a contempt plea moved by Reliance Jio Infocomm against Bharti Airtel for alleged non-compliance of the 13 April order.
P. Chidambaram appearing for Bharti Airtel stated that the there had been no instance of non-compliance on behalf of Airtel and submitted a “compliance affidavit” to the court.
Reliance Jio had moved the high court on 13 April against Bharti Airtel's ‘T20 cricket Live and Free' advertisement, alleging that the advertisement was misleading and deceptive as it failed to inform consumers about the hidden costs.
Abhishek Manu Singhvi appearing for Reliance Jio had claimed that the Airtel's claim of providing access to all Indian Premier League (IPL) matches “live and free” was not true as a user had to pay for the data consumed for streaming the matches by subscribing to one of the data plans starting from Rs399 for 20 GB data per month.
Singhvi had further argued that the disclaimer that follows the advertisement, stating that “date consumption will be charged as per the existing plan”, went beyond clarifying or expanding the “main message” and contradictied the message perceived by a viewer.
Bharti Airtel had clarified that ‘free and live' in the advertisement referred to a free subscription to online streaming platform Hotstar, and not data consumed. It was argued that the fact that users had to pay for data consumption was already stated in the advertisement.
The case will be next heard on 27 April.
Valentine's Day has always been the traditional time of year when we celebrate love both new and blossoming as well as a love that is seasoned with time. This past Saturday at the Résidence Memphré seniors' home in Magog, a special celebration of an 80-year love story was held for Adrien and Simone Laplume who now live in Magog after spending the majority of their life in Potton.
See the February 14 issue of Brome County News for the complete story.
Dennis Villeneuve is quickly becoming one of my all-time favorite directors. This film could seal the deal.
Related
WINNIPEG — There was an unexpected twist to the Winnipeg Jets' injury update after Monday's practice.
Coach Paul Maurice said defenceman Dmitry Kulikov decided not to have back surgery planned for Monday after meeting with surgeons.
"It's never clearly one way or the other that he should go (for surgery)," Maurice said. "So when he met for his final consult, again it's the player's choice with what he wants to do.
"He's going to forgo the surgery. There are other remedies with this so he didn't have surgery today."
The team will have an update on Kulikov in three or four weeks. He was supposed to be out a minimum of eight weeks if he'd had surgery.
The injury happened in Winnipeg's 3-2 victory over New Jersey on March 8 right as he fired a shot.
Kulikov, 27, injured his back last season when he played for the Buffalo Sabres. He had been hit into an open door in a pre-season game and was limited to 47 games.
Maurice also updated the status of defenceman Jacob Trouba, who collided with Dallas Stars captain Jamie Benn in the third period of Winnipeg's 4-2 victory Sunday.
The pair made head-to-head contact and Trouba fell down. He was wobbly as he was helped off the ice and began undergoing the NHL concussion protocol.
Maurice said Trouba was going to see a specialist to get a diagnosis. The Dallas game had been Trouba's second after he missed 20 games with an ankle injury.
Pulwama
Police arrested Saturday Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF) chairman Yasin Malik after he tried to lead a protest march. Earlier, Malik had given slip to forces and reached Pulwama town during the night to lead a protest rally in the area. He had taken shelter in one of the mosques in the town.
Witnesses said that people clashed with government troops to prevent forces from arresting Malik. Locals alleged that CRPF troopers beat up pedestrians irrespective of their age.
“My friend had accompanied his mother to district hospital. As they were returning from the hospital CRPF men caught him and hit his head with a gun butt,” a local, Mushtaq Ahmed, told Kashmir Reader over phone.
Earlier Malik in his address to the gathering urged the people to stay away from any poll process.
“Your vote them (pro-India) politicians to power and they later use the same only against you.
We will resist by all possible means to foil their designs including the issuance of domicile certificates to West Pakistan Refugees,” Malik told the gathering. He further said that the blood of those who laid their lives for the cause of Azadi so far won't be allowed to go waste.—KR
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The stars of reality TV series The Only Way Is Essex have revealed all about their upcoming Christmas special, aptly-dubbed 'The Only Way is Essexmas'.
And, like you'd expect, it's going to be a belter.
Lauren Pope, Dan Edgar and Chloe Sims were on hand to dish about the hotly-anticipated end-of-year special, as they chatted with Build TV in front of a live audience.
Glammed up to the nines, long-term cast member Lauren said there will be "Drama, as always, and a little bit of a love story..."
Watch it below:
However, when grilled about who was involved in the story, the cast was tight-lipped, with Lauren joking "it's the three of us", while both Dan and Chloe denied any of them were involved.
But Chloe added: "[It's] two people that everyone loves."
Instantly, it's assumed James 'Arg' Argent will reunite with former lover Gemma Collins.
Dan added: "They do have a lot of chemistry...I don't think its a bad thing."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Towie's Gemma Collins enrages 'the whole of Gloucester' after failing to show for pub launch Personal Appearance
Another major storyline of the series was the turbulent relationship of Pete Wicks and Megan McKenna - the two dating and dramatically splitting recently on the show.
The three cast-members addressed Pete's relationship with the reality star-turned-singer, as his close friend Chloe added it was a negative time on the show while they dealt with the couple's drama as filming continued.
(Image: Splash News)
However, since Megan's departure - as she goes on to great success with her country music career - filming the Christmas special seemed to be easier for the crew.
Chloe said: "She's gone and literally everybody got on, there was a little bit of drama, but everyone had the best time filming that Christmas special in Suffolk."
(Image: ITV)
Filmed "a couple of weeks ago", there's been several rumours about what goes down in TOWIE-town, with Chloe herself being linked to both Dan and Pete in behind-the-scenes snaps from the set (however the latter has been denied by his reps) - guess we'll have to tune in to find out the rest.
**The Only Way Is Essexmas is on Sunday 27th December at 10pm on ITVBe
VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Some go for gold. Others go for God.
For the first time, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has invited the Vatican to send a delegation to its general meeting next week in South Korea ahead of the Pyeongchang Winter Games.
The Vatican newspaper l‘Osservatore Romano reported on Friday the delegation will attend in an observer role and be headed by Monsignor Melchor Sanchez de Toca, an undersecretary with portfolio for sports at the Vatican Council for Culture, effectively its culture ministry.
Sanchez de Toca, a former pentathlete, will give IOC president Thomas Bach and all Korean athletes running vests used by the Vatican's track team, informally known as the “Pope's Marathoners”.
The delegation will also attend the opening ceremony of the games in Pyeongchang. A Vatican delegation attended the opening ceremony of the Rio games in 2016.
The IOC could not be reached for comment.
Back at the beginning of September, Elon Musk tweeted that the company would unveil its long rumored all-electric semi truck on October 26th. He noted that it was “tentatively” scheduled, leaving the door open for a date change if need be. Turns out that was a good call.
In a tweet this afternoon, Elon says the Semi unveil date is now set for November 16th — a shift of about three weeks.
The reasoning for the rescheduling? Musk mentions two things they're focusing on right now instead: Model 3 bottlenecks and Puerto Rico battery production.
Tesla Semi unveil now Nov 16. Diverting resources to fix Model 3 bottlenecks & increase battery production for Puerto Rico & other affected areas. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 6, 2017
Yesterday morning Musk offered Tesla's assistance in rebuilding Puerto Rico's electric system after the devastation of Hurricane Maria left just 10 percent of the island with power; by the afternoon, the governor of Puerto Rico was tweeting back to say he wanted to talk about it.
As for the Model 3 bottlenecks mentioned: Tesla aimed to ship around 1,500 Model 3s in the third quarter of 2017, but disclosed on Monday that they'd ended up shipping around 260. While the company pinned the shortfall on production bottlenecks, they noted that they already “understand” the underlying issues and are “confident of addressing the manufacturing bottleneck issues in the near-term” — so, presumably, tackling those issues will be a key part of these next few weeks.
Beaverhouse First Nation Chief Marcia Brown Martel, representative plaintiff in the successful Sixties Scoop class-action lawsuit against the federal government, hugs the plaintiffs' co-lawyer, Jeffrey Wilson, after the ruling was delivered on Tuesday, February 14, 2017. ( Chris Young / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Over two decades starting in the early 1960s, as Ottawa began to phase out its Indian residential schools program, thousands of First Nations children were taken from their families, often without consent, and placed in non-indigenous care. To ensure the children would never return to their communities, death certificates were issued expunging any record of their indigenous existence. Like the residential schools, the “Sixties Scoop” was an attempt to forcibly assimilate indigenous children. The strategy was the same: dislocate them from their family, community and language – and watch the culture atrophy. As with residential schools, the scoop has had a widespread and devastating intergenerational impact on survivors and their communities. But unlike residential school victims, survivors of the scoop received neither official acknowledgement of Ottawa's wrongdoing nor any promise of compensation for their suffering. That is, until now. A Superior Court judge ruled on Tuesday that the scoop constituted a violation of Ottawa's duty of care to indigenous peoples. If the plaintiffs get the damages they were seeking, the bill for Ottawa's failure will exceed $1 billion. It's a just result of a nearly decade-long battle, but it should never have come to this. Since the class-action suit was filed in 2009, successive governments contested the case, claiming the scoop was a product of a different era when policy-makers genuinely believed that adopting out indigenous children to white families improved their chances of escaping poverty, getting a good education and settling into a productive middle-class life.
Article Continued Below
But in his decision, Justice Edward Belobaba said Canada's submissions “missed the point.” Governments of the day may well have been unaware of some of the particular harms the scoop would cause to individuals, but they surely should have known the damage to indigenous culture and community and, in turn, the human toll. “The issue is not what was known in the 1960s about the harm of trans-racial adoption or the risk of abuse in the foster home,” Belobaba wrote. “The issue is what was known in the 1960s about the existential importance to the First Nations peoples of protecting and preserving their distinctive cultures and traditions, including their concept of the extended family. There can be no doubt that that was well understood by Canada at the time.” The crux of the case was an agreement struck between Ottawa and Ontario in 1965, which allowed the province to extend child welfare services to indigenous people living on reserve. As part of the deal, Ottawa assured First Nations communities that they would be consulted before provincial officials intervened. That never happened.
For their part, federal lawyers argued that community members, had they been consulted, likely wouldn't have had any better ideas about how to deal with the children anyway – a claim Belobaba dismissed as “odd and, frankly, insulting.” Odder still, and arguably yet more insulting: the lawyers making this case were representing the Liberal government of Justin Trudeau. That the Harper Tories fought the lawsuit was, if less than laudable, at least largely consistent with their adversarial approach to indigenous issues. But for the Trudeau government, which has been outspoken in its condemnation of residential schools and commitment to reconciliation, this looks a lot like hypocrisy. Trudeau has made much of his government's responsibility to repair its predecessors' tragic mistakes on indigenous issues. But a new relationship requires an end to the adversarial one that preceded it. In fighting the lawsuit, he made worse what he promised to make better. He should accept the verdict and officially apologize for the Sixties Scoop, lest he give a future government yet more reason to say sorry.
Read more about:
1:22
Dixon's message for TCU down the stretch: 'We need to prepare to get better'
Arsenal vs Bayern Munich - All time combined XI
A combined XI of the greatest players to ever feature for Arsenal and Bayern Munich.
by gaurav.krishnan Opinion 15 Feb 2017, 12:58 IST
Oliver Kahn in action for Bayern Munich
Arsenal play Bayern Munich in the UEFA Champions League round of 16 over two legs in the next three weeks and fans around the world are eagerly waiting with bated breath for the clash between the two European giants. Bayern Munich have an edge in the tie because of their strength and depth, however, stranger things have happened, and a spirited, combative Arsenal performance over the two legs, could see the Gunners go through.
With the game almost upon us, we decided to form a combined XI of Bayern and Gunners legends, who if they were still playing today (only one is), would turn the tie on its head single-handedly.
We have chosen a 4-3-1-2 formation because of the sheer quality of players to choose from.
Goalkeeper: Oliver Kahn
‘The Titan' as the Bayern fans fondly called him, wasn't the obvious choice for goalkeeper despite being an absolute beast between the sticks. There was a certain Sepp Maier who is a Bayern Munich and German legend, and it was a difficult choice between the two, but the sheer number of titles won by Kahn tilted in his favour.
The German was known for his dominating presence in goal and in and around the box, and made some unbelievable saves throughout his career. He was probably one of Germany and Bayern Munich's best goalkeepers of all time. His distinguished career speaks for itself; with Kahn in goal, Bayern Munich won eight Bundesliga titles, and one Champions League trophy in 2001 – he was the man of the match in that final.
For the German national team he featured 86 times and captained the side in the 2002 FIFA World Cup, where they lost to Brazil in the final. He won the FIFA Golden Ball at that World Cup and remains the only goalkeeper to win it in FIFA World Cup history, and also finished third in the Ballon d'Or in 2001 and 2002.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The rapper Wiz Khalifa was accused in a lawsuit on Thursday of copying much of his 2016 song “Most of Us,” from another rapper's song with the same title from six years earlier.
Khalifa's version “unmistakably copies the essential elements” of the song by Cymple Man, according to a complaint filed in Manhattan federal court against Khalifa and his record labels, including Warner Music Group's Atlantic Records.
A spokeswoman for Khalifa did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Atlantic Records had no immediate comment.
Cymple Man, whose given name is Dustin Bennett, said he had given Khalifa a demo of his song “Most of Us” in April 2012 at Salt Lake City International Airport, while both were travelling to performances, so Khalifa could decide whether they should collaborate.
Khalifa never followed up, but he incorporated some lyrics, the refrain and the chorus of the plaintiff's song into his own song without permission or paying royalties, the complaint said.
“Moreover, Khalifa utilizes the term ‘most of us' to introduce the audience to the same theme of sinful behaviour with the same expression” in a manner “distinctively original to Bennett's work,” the complaint said.
The plaintiff, who lives in southeastern Georgia, said he had copyrighted his song in March 2010, and that the defendants have refused to enter any licensing or royalty agreement.
He is seeking unspecified damages, including profits from the alleged infringement.
Khalifa, whose given name is Cameron Thomaz, included “Most of Us” on the 2016 album “Khalifa,” which peaked at No. 6 on the Billboard 200 list of popular U.S. albums.
The song has also received more than 30 million views on Google's YouTube.
The case is Bennett v. Thomaz et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 18-00922.
One day after a whistle-blower led the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, to intercept huge sums of money in various currencies at the popular Balogun market in Lagos, another huge cash has been uncovered.
Wilson Uwujaren, Head of Media and Publicity, in a statement to DAILY POST, Tuesday night, said another whistle blower led operatives to the discovery of a staggering sum of N4billion suspected to be proceeds of crime.
“Investigations as to the owner of the funds revealed that the money belongs to a former deputy governorship candidate in Niger State,” he said.
“The suspect uses the names of two companies– Katah Property & Investment Limited and Sadiq Air Travel Agency- in laundering the funds.
“Each of the company has N2billion fixed in its deposit account domiciled in Guaranty Trust Bank.
“The suspected owner of the account and the account officer are currently on the run”, he added.
J.D. Soileau stands on the front porch of his truly remarkable bousillage (mud made from a mixture of moss, dirt and water) house in Point Blue. Soileau was given the home, which is roughly 180 years old, by Woodrow Veillon in 1992 and he has since then filled it with antiques he has collected over the years. (Ville Platte Gazette photo by Claudette Olivier)
The city of Paris' officials told the AFP that they have asked Airbnb and competing platforms to comply with new regulation. The Mayor's Office has flagged around 1,000 apartments that are not registered with the city.
Since December 1st, you have to register your apartment with the city if you want to list it on an online renting platform. This way, city officials can more easily track apartments and see if they comply with regulation.
In particular, you can't rent an apartment more than 120 days a year. Many renters also can't list their apartment on Airbnb unless the landlord is fine with it.
Now, hosts need to display a registration number on the Airbnb listing. There are currently 65,000 homes on Airbnb in Paris. Only 11,000 apartments have been registered so far according to the AFP.
So it seems like Paris wants to speed things up more than anything. While Airbnb is the elephant in the room, the city of Paris sent a letter to Airbnb, HomeAway, Paris Attitude, Sejourning and Windu.
Paris is Airbnb's biggest market. The company has made some promises, saying that Airbnb will automatically cap listings to 120 days per year.
But it doesn't stop people from listing their apartment on multiple websites. For a big tech company like Airbnb, it doesn't seem that hard to ask for a registration number as a mandatory field. But many hosts have yet to register. The company is buying time before the holiday season.
Like in many big cities, the city of Paris has been concerned about housing shortages and property price distortions. Hotel owners also see Airbnb as unfair competition.
Featured Image: Thomas Trutschel/Photothek/Getty Images
Follow Jeff Add to circle
We've been saying this a lot lately...hillclimb events are an exercise in automotive awesomeness. You have mad geniuses applying their knowledge of go-fast parts to create vicious vehicles bent on pure speed. As mad as the builders are, the drivers are even worse. Take, for example, the pilot of this particular Seat 600.
The Seat 600 is the Spanish-market version of the Fiat 500. This one has been given a wide-body treatment that would make Japanese Lamborghini tuner Liberty Walk blush with jealous anger. More important, however, is the powerplant nestled beyond that bodywork. While the Seat employed a 633-cc engine in its previous life, it's now making tremendous power from an engine borrowed from a Suzuki Hyabusa motorcyle.
That would be the 1,299-cc inline-4-cylinder engine plucked from one of the fastest street motorcycles of all time. It makes somewhere between 170 and 200 horsepower in stock form, and it revs quickly to its screaming 11,000 rpm redline. That's more than enough power for a vehicle that weighs in the vicinity of 1,250 pounds, according to the YouTube description.
Watch how aggressively this Seat 600 attacks the corners. It comes wailing into view like a pack of pissed-off hornets hell bent on finding that finish line. This is a fantastic example of the wonders that result in the world of hillclimb racing.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
MoviePass parent Helios and Matheson Analytics' stock has rebounded after market maker Citadel Securities disclosed that it has a 5.4% stake in the company.
Shares gained 6 cents, or 15%, to close at 47 cents on Tuesday. The issue had lost more than 80% of its value during the previous three weeks and declined steadily since a May 8 filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The filing revealed it had $15.5 million in available cash at the end of April, plus $27.9 million on deposit with merchants while monthly expenses totaled $21.7 million.
The May 8 filing also said if adequate funding did not materialize, the company could be required to reduce the scope of its growth or otherwise alter its operations. An independent auditor also raised questions in April about MoviePass' ability to continue operations.
The stock hit a 52-week high of $38.86 a share in October, two months after it lowered its monthly subscription fee from $50 to $9.95. The company is losing money because it pays movie theaters full price for the tickets its customers buy at a discount.
In an interview May 14 at the Cannes Film Festival, Helios and Matheson chief Ted Farnsworth told Variety that the subscription service was viable and had roughly $300 million available from an equity line of credit.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- The Commodity Futures Trading Commission fined Deutsche Bank Securities Inc $70 million as regulators continue to punish attempted manipulation of interest-rate benchmarks. on.wsj.com/2ntU98O
- U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to tell lawmakers as early as Friday that he has approved the release of a classified memo that Republicans allege shows improper surveillance of one of the president's former campaign aides, a White House official said Thursday. on.wsj.com/2nxBf0L
- CBS Corp and Viacom Inc said Thursday that their boards have formed special committees to evaluate a potential merger, a deal that would reunite the two big pieces of the Redstone family's media empire. on.wsj.com/2nwkGlG
- Trump said Thursday that he is willing to walk away from immigration negotiations if Democrats won't agree to his terms, and many involved in the debate said the chances of a deal appear to be fading. on.wsj.com/2nu7QEO
- Pope Francis has decided to accept the legitimacy of seven Catholic bishops appointed by the Chinese government, a concession that the Holy See hopes will lead Beijing to recognize his authority as head of the Catholic Church in China, according to a person familiar with the plan. on.wsj.com/2nuxBVf (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom)
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
Pakistan People's Party welcomed the announcement made by Imran Khan that the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf will field candidates against Asif Ali Zardari in Nawabshah and Bilawal Bhutto Zardari in Larkana in by-elections or general elections.
“The PPP upholds and welcomes the democratic right of Mr. Imran Khan and indeed of anyone, to contest elections against its leaders anywhere and at any time in the country and the Party looks forward to a healthy democratic electoral contest in a not too distant future”, said the spokesperson Senator Farhatullah Babar in a statement on Sunday.
“The PPP hopes and urges Mr. Imran Khan to firmly stand by his public pronouncement and not go back on it, thereby, exposing himself once again to the charge of making U-turns at the drop of the hat,” he said.
“There is an opportunity for Mr. Imran Khan to prove that he has jettisoned his past of making frequent U-turns and the PPP is more than happy to provide him this opportunity,” he added.
The spokesperson recalled that on the eve of threatened lockdown of the capital recently Imran Khan refused to leave his Bani Gala residence for, as he himself later said, fear of being arrested.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- Michigan's Charles Matthews is forgoing the NBA draft and staying with the Wolverines.
Matthews announced Wednesday he was removing his name from consideration for the draft.
"I learned a lot throughout this process, but my main focus will now be completing my education at Michigan and leading my teammates to more success next season," Matthews said in a statement.
The Wolverines made it to the NCAA title game this year before losing to Villanova.
Michigan already lost big man Moe Wagner, who left early for the draft. Matthews declared for the draft without hiring an agent and had the option of withdrawing.
"This process allows young men to gather so much valuable information and make the most informed decision they can," Michigan coach John Beilein said. "Charles has an incredible personality and confidence. His work habits and desire to reach his potential are terrific. He is more focused than ever to improve in all areas of his game."
The 6-foot-6 Matthews averaged 13 points a game this past season, his first with the Wolverines after transferring from Kentucky and sitting out a season. He has two seasons of college eligibility remaining.
Michigan has to replace Wagner from last season's team, as well as seniors Duncan Robinson and Muhammad-Ali Abdur-Rahkman. But the Wolverines should have a strong nucleus returning with Matthews, Zavier Simpson, Jordan Poole and Isaiah Livers.
Matthews was second on the Wolverines in scoring and rebounding in 2017-18, but he made just 56 percent of his free throws.
The Supreme Court observed that the constitutional courts in other countries have audio and video recording, as it is not a matter of privacy of judges. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: In a major bid to ensure transparency, the Supreme Court on Monday favoured the installation of CCTV cameras with audio recording of all court proceedings, including in its own complex along with those of the high courts and tribunals.
The top court observed that the constitutional courts in other countries have audio and video recording, as it is not a matter of privacy of judges.
A bench of justices Adarsh Kumar Goel and U.U. Lalit directed the Centre to submit a feasibility report on installation of CCTV cameras with audio recordings in courts and tribunals.
“Constitutional courts in other countries have audio and video recording. It is not a matter of privacy of judges,” the bench said, giving examples of the proceedings of the US Supreme Court which are available even on the YouTube.
Additional solicitor general (ASG) Maninder Singh, appearing for Centre, pointed out that there was a decision of the e-committee of the apex court that does not allow recording of Supreme Court's proceedings.
The bench said that order was on the administrative side only and a Court of Record means that each and everything should be recorded as long as it does not obstruct the proceedings.
The top court said it is open for the high courts to decide on the issue of installation of CCTVs with audio recording in as many courts as they considered appropriate.
During the hearing, the ASG submitted reports received from various high courts on the issue of installation of CCTV cameras. He said that 12 high courts had already implemented the 28 March directions and installed CCTV cameras in two district courts each, while some other high courts were yet to comply.
Singh contended that the process should not only be limited to only video recording as directed earlier by the court and suggested that audio recording should also be done. The bench said audio recording will also be done along with video recording.
The apex court, however, made it clear that the footage of the CCTV camera or the audio recording will not be made available under the Right to Information (RTI) Act and not supplied to anyone without permission of the concerned high court.
The top court included tribunals for the first time, besides the courts, for installation of CCTV cameras with audio recordings.
The apex court was hearing a plea filed by one Pradyuman Bisht seeking audio and video recording of court proceedings in order to bring transparency.
On 28 March, in a bid to bring transparency, the apex court had for the first time directed the installation of CCTV cameras without audio recording in courts of two districts of each state and Union territory.
It had said that CCTV cameras can also be installed at important locations of the court complexes as may be considered appropriate and their monitor should be kept in the chamber of the concerned district and session judge.
The top court had granted liberty to the high courts to decide the location of the district courts and any other issues concerning the matter and said that the installation should be completed within three months.
It had asked for the report of such experiment within a month of such installation from the registrar generals of the respective high courts to the secretary general of apex court.
× 1 killed, one injured in Jersey County accident
JERSEY COUNTY, IL – The Illinois State Police are investigating fatal accident that occurred on Friday, August 11th. The happened around 3:45 pm at the intersection of IL-267 and Challacombe Road, when an ATV went through a stop sign and into the path of a tractor-trailer.
Police say the semi was going southbound on IL-267 and the ATV eastbound on Challacombe Roar.
Two female juveniles on the ATV were ejected from their vehicle. The driver died at the scene and the passenger was airlifted to St. Louis Children's Hospital in critical condition.
The driver of the semi was not injured.
An investigation is ongoing.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A horrified maid found the body of a pensioner who suffered a heart attack during sex with an escort after popping aphrodisiac pills.
The cleaner, who checked the room at midnight, found the man's penis was still erect despite being dead for more than an hour and packets of an aphrodisiac called "the muscle" were near the bedside.
The man - named by police as San Gray - had booked into the sleazy motel last Thursday night at 7pm before ordering food to eat in the room.
A woman was seen on CCTV arriving on a moped at 10pm before leaving a "short time later" while the man was sprawled naked on the bed in Bueng Kan, northern Thailand.
(Photo: Viral Press)
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT
(Photo: Viral Press)
Police said they believed he had suffered a heart attack while having sex with the young girl due to the power of the drug, or that he had eaten a large meal before having "vigorous activity".
Police Captain Narong Srimart said: "The official opening of the door into the room (SIC). The deceased was found lying naked. But his penis was still hard and erect. We believe he had been dead for at least an hour.
"He took the aphrodisiac before having sex and had a heart attack during sex. The lady knocked on the door at 10pm but after not long left the room very quickly."
New York City skyline (by Flickr user AngMoKio) Enlarge Photo
The scenery of Central Park will soon be car-free after Mayor Bill de Blasio announced the changes coming in a few months. In the process, Central Park, one of New York City's largest green spaces for urban dwellers, will transform to become a place simply for pedestrians.
The New York Times reported on Friday that traffic will cease to flow through the park starting June 27. However, 65th, 79th, 86th and 97th Streets will remain open. The streets run below the park to keep traffic flowing from one side of Manhatten to the other.
City officials, who have considered London-style congestion charges in the past, will still permit emergency and Parks Department vehicles into the park, while pedicabs and horse-drawn carriages will also be allowed. The officials believe the impact on traffic flow will be minimal and New York police will be on hand the first few weeks to help with the traffic flow adjustment.
The announcement comes as major cities continuously suffer from gridlock and congestion problems. Meanwhile, the concept of owning and driving a vehicle continues to shift in today's modern automobile industry. Ride- and car-sharing services have changed the way people move about many cities, and NYC is no different. Many residents have ditched cars altogether.
Some individuals aren't particularly happy about the decision, though. While runners and cyclists celebrated the news, cab drivers complained Central Park was a place to escape traffic.
FAISALABAD, July 4 (APP)::PML-N President Shehbaz Sharif will address a public meeting at the Dhubi Ghatt here on July 11.
Addressing a press conference here Wednesday, PML-N leader and candidate for NA-106 Rana Sanaullah Khan said earlier the public meeting was scheduled to be held on July 7 but due to some certain reasons the meeting schedule was changed and now it would be held on July 11.
He said the PML-N believed in supremacy of law and it would also abide by election rules & regulations and code of conduct during its election campaign.
He said that PML-N had completed record development projects in the country and also put the country on the road to progress and prosperity. The PML-N had promoted a culture of progress and prosperity, he added.
Responding to a question, he said the PML-N would not boycott the general election rather it would emerge victorious and make the next government by winning the general election.
Washington — The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesman, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defense Department also is studying the issue.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder.
“Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards,” Eastburn said.
Last year, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. He said that within 12 months — or by July 2017 — transgender people also would be able to enlist.
Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government “will not accept or allow” transgender troops to serve “in any capacity” in the military. A month later, he issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. He gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.
Trump's decision was quickly challenged in court, and two U.S. district court judges have already ruled against the ban. Part of one ruling required the government to allow transgender individuals to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
The government had asked that the Jan. 1 requirement be put on hold while the appeal proceeds. The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
“The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms,” said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. “That's really where the controversy will lie.”
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but “under such onerous terms that practically there will be none.” Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
“It doesn't have any basis in science,” he said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. “But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iQqzrd
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Headlines
Vehicle emissions cheats face UK fines in new crackdown on.ft.com/2DUBCZn
Royal Mail agrees deal on pay and pensions to avert strike threat on.ft.com/2FCoys6
Trump set to authorise release of Russia memo by Congress on.ft.com/2E9KjCo
Overview
- Carmakers that try to cheat vehicle emissions tests could face unlimited fines and criminal charges under proposals set out on Thursday by the British government.
- Britain's Royal Mail Plc and the Communications Workers Union (CWU) said on Thursday they had reached an agreement to end a nearly 10-month dispute over plans to replace the firm's defined benefit pension scheme, sending its shares higher.
- The White House will likely give Congress approval on Friday to make public a secret Republican memo alleging FBI bias against President Donald Trump in its Russia probe, a White House official said on Thursday, as tensions over the disputed document gripped Washington. (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom; Editing by Sandra Maler)
SPRINGFIELD - In addition to drug trafficking and assault charges, Richard Williams picked up a lifetime's worth of alleged motor vehicle violations during a wrong-way police chase on Interstate 91 this week, court records show.
The action began late Thursday morning when Williams, 36, of Springfield, was pulled over for a traffic stop on Chestnut Street, according to the arrest report.
Throwing his rented Kia into reverse, Williams backed into a police officer and sped away, with several cruisers in pursuit. When he drove up the off-ramp on I-91 and into oncoming traffic, the chase continued until Williams crashed into a cruiser and was arrested on the highway.
Along the way, he shredded one of his tires, barely avoided crashing into a bus and threw a large bag of cocaine out the window while passing an elementary school, the report said.
Williams pleaded not guilty Friday in Springfield District Court to a slew of charges, including trafficking in cocaine, 18 to 100 grams, possession of PCP and MDMA, both with intent to distribute, and assault and battery with a dangerous weapon (a vehicle.) Other charges included failing to stop for police, reckless operation of a motor vehicle, marked lanes violations, resisting arrest and violating a drug-free school zone.
Williams was under investigation by Springfield police for allegedly running a high-volume drug distribution business out of a room at the Super 8 hotel in West Springfield, Assistant District Attorney Cary Szafranski said.
After learning a large cocaine sale was planned for Thursday, detectives followed Williams from the motel to Springfield. At a traffic light on Chestnut Street, the detectives decided to pull Williams over, the prosecutor said.
Williams stopped, then threw his car into reverse as the officers approached. He backed into one officer, knocking him down, before driving over a traffic island and heading toward the highway, Szafranski said.
A search of Williams' hotel room turned up 150 grams of powder and crack cocaine, two bags of PCP, a bag of MDMA, also known as Ecstasy or Molly, nearly $5,000 in cash and scales and packaging material, she said.
While fleeing police, Williams tossed a bag of cocaine out the window while passing the German Gerena Community School, the prosecutor said. When investigators recovered the bag across from the school, they found about 20 grams of crack and powdered cocaine inside.
The officer struck by Williams' vehicle did not suffer serious injuries, the prosecutor said.
Szafranski asked for $75,000 bail, citing the new charges and Williams' history of drug convictions.
Judge John Payne set bail at $75,000 and continued the case for a pretrial hearing on March 2.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coachloads of protestors are heading for London this morning to campaign to ‘save the NHS' – spurred on by a very topical bit of street art that apes a Hollywood film.
Bristol's very own version of Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri has been revealed on the A38 at Stokes Croft, questioning the future of the NHS.
Instead of a series of three billboards erected by the mother of a murder victim, as Frances McDormand's latest film portrays, the three billboards are questioning the future of the NHS.
Hundreds of people from Bristol are expected to attend the huge rally in London on the afternoon of Saturday, February 3, and among the speakers at the end of the march will be Nicky Romero, whose 15-year-old daughter Becky's death was attributed to ‘neglect' by the coroner because of a lack of resources and care by the NHS.
The mural was installed by People's Republic of Stokes Croft and organised by the Bristol group Protect Our NHS.
“This mural tells two stories,” said a Protect Our NHS spokesperson.
“The NHS is being deliberately underfunded. It's a political choice and the result is an NHS which cannot provide all the healthcare people need.
“Rationing is increasing, services are disintegrating and frustrated patients are more frequently opting to pay out of their own pockets for their health care if they can afford to. The government is responsible for this state of affairs
“While the NHS is being killed off, its privatisation is soaring. Private companies won 70 per cent of clinical contracts in England in 2016-17. Health should not be a profit making industry,” he added.
In spite of a flurry of patches designed to fix Windows Defender, at least one security researcher reckons there's still work to be done.
James Lee, who has presented at conferences like Zer0con, has contacted The Register to say the key vulnerable component, MsMpEng , is still subject to remote code execution.
As with the bugs disclosed by Tavis Ormandy and fellow Project Zero researcher Mateusz Jurczyk, the bugs Lee's outlined to us arise because of insufficient sandboxing.
While he hasn't provided full details to us, he's posted two remote code execution proof-of-concept videos at YouTube:
Youtube Video
Youtube Video
In spite of the system being fully patched (as shown in the first video), Lee's work shows Windows Defender crashing and unable to restart.
Lee told The Register his discoveries aren't related to what Microsoft's fixed in response to Project Zero's recent disclosures. Those, he wrote in an e-mail, covered “multiple denial-of-service, integer overflow, and use-after-free bugs”, while his work has drilled into type confusions and logical bugs.
Lee's demonstration that MsMpEng needs to be sandboxed is in line with yet another Tweet from Ormandy (the world is waiting for what follows):
Sigh, more critical remote mpengine vulns. Found on Linux then reproduced on Windows, full report on the way. This needs to be sandboxed. pic.twitter.com/OzarAmOyH1 — Tavis Ormandy (@taviso) June 7, 2017
alpha force testo alpha force testo – A source who is not pleased with his sexual attitude does not feel appreciate a painstaking man. Sexual problems cut back have all factors appreciate illness or ultimately external chattels personal and this forthwith affects the mans life.
ANC presidential candidate Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma has lashed out at white people for criticising radical economic transformation and saying it is meant for looting the state.
Dlamini-Zuma, at a prayer meeting yesterday, said white people had looted and stolen the land from black people.
"We are not talking radical economic transformation because want to steal.
"We want people to get their land back. There is no dignity if people do not have land," she said.
Dlamini-Zuma said if she were elected she would take white people on a bus to show them how black people live in informal settlements.
"I will show them that those people live worse than their dogs," she said.
Talking about the ANC's elective conference scheduled to begin on Saturday in Nasrec, Johannesburg, Dlamini-Zuma said her election would not be about her and her family. Rather, it would be "about whether we can make a difference to the lives of the people who are suffering".
She thanked the Dlamini clan for organising the farewell prayer for her and expressed optimism about the outcome of the conference.
"I am saying we, as the Dlamini clan, we have made history. I thank you for trusting me and the advice that I should not disappoint the clan and the country."
Inkosi Fodo Dlamini said: "Aunt, they chose you because they trust you. When you are elected you must never disappoint these people. But you must work for them and do what the people who elected you want. You must not only look at the Dlamini clan only but the people who elected you."
He said Dlamini-Zuma was "clean and polished" and there was no person who could change the country except her.
ANC Harry Gwala regional secretary Sindi Msomi said they trusted Dlamini-Zuma not because she was a woman but because she was strong and a leader with a good track record. "We see her as a person who can lead the ANC."
President Jacob Zuma's brother Joseph implored the ancestors to be a "veil around you" and said he wished that Dlamini-Zuma wins "no matter what".
After the prayer, Dlamini-Zuma went to a marquee across the road where enthusiastic ANC supporters were singing "We are ready for Nkosazana".
Public Works Minister Nathi Nhleko was also there.
British athlete Mo Farah stands atop of a pod on the London Eye, with Big Ben's clock tower in background on Aug. 13, 2017. Big Ben will fall silent next week in London as a major restoration project gets underway. (Photo: Jonathan Brady / AP)
London — The bongs will soon be gone.
Big Ben — the huge clock bell of Britain's Parliament — will fall silent next week as a four-year restoration project gets underway.
The bongs of the iconic bell will be stopped after chiming noon on Aug. 21 to protect workers during a 29-million-pound ($38 million) repair project on the Queen Elizabeth Tower, which houses Big Ben and its clock. It isn't due to resume regular service until 2021.
Steve Jaggs, keeper of the Great Clock, said Monday that the clock mechanism will be dismantled piece by piece and its four dials will be cleaned and repaired. The 13.5 British ton (15.1 U.S. ton, 13.7 metric tons) bell will be cleaned and checked for cracks.
Big Ben has been stopped several times since it first sounded in 1859, but the current restoration project will mark its longest period of silence.
Parliamentary officials say they will ensure that the bell still sounds on major occasions, such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The silence presents a problem for the BBC, which broadcasts the bongs every evening before the radio news through a microphone in the belfry.
After testing out the sound of substitute bells, the broadcaster said it will use a recording.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w5LYVb
An economic growth spurt is bringing the prospect of higher mortgage rates at a time when many Canadians in the country's largest cities are stretching to afford homes. Some analysts expect the Bank of Canada will raise the rate it charges financial institutions to borrow money overnight this fall after the central bank's No. theglobeandmail 3:56:00 AM CEST
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Isle of Man TT rider Dan Kneen has died aged 30 whilst practicing for the superbike race on Wednesday evening.
Kneen was riding for the Northern Ireland based Tyco BMW team.
He died at the scene after a collision on the first lap at Churchtown, with the organisers of the race confirming the tragedy.
It read: "ACU Events Ltd regrets confirming that Dan Kneen, 30, from Onchan in the Isle of Man died this evening following injuries sustained during the Superbike qualifying session on the Isle of Man.
(Image: Action Plus)
"Dan had an accident at Churchtown on the first lap of the session and died at the scene of the incident.
"Dan made his mountain course debut at the Manx Grand Prix in 2008 and won an unprecedented three races - the Junior, the Newcomers C and the Ultra Lightweight MGP Races.
It read: "BMW Motorrad UK would like to pass along our deepest condolences and sympathy to Dan Kneen's family, friends, team and fans following this evening's news."
(Image: Action Plus)
"He achieved his first TT podium in last year's Superstock Race, finishing third in the Superstock TT Race. He has the fastest official lap of 130.347mph which he set in last year's Superstock Race and recorded a lap of 132.258mph (17m06.994s) in last night's Superbike qualifying session.
"ACU Events Ltd wishes to pass on their deepest sympathy to Dan's partner Leanne, his family and his many friends in the road racing community and beyond."
A second incident occurred in reaction to Kneen's crash with a course car involved. It led to a rider being airlifted to hospital.
The race has taken place for 111 years, with the current 37-mile course in place since 1911.
It has consistently drawn controversy due to how dangerous it is, with 147 people dead in its history.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Scranton Times,Aug. 15, 1942
Taylor taxpayers file petition to stop hike
James and Elizabeth Price of Taylor started an equity action in Lackawanna County Court to stop the Taylor School Board from increasing school taxes by 6 mills.
The pair made the complaint due to several items in the proposed 1942-43 school budget, including a $2,000 salary for the school board secretary, a $4,000 salary for a school district treasurer, $2,000 for legal services and $6,500 for supplies.
The Prices felt that a $300-a-year salary for a secretary was adequate and the school board solicitor already received a salary of $750 in the budget.
Abbott and Costello appearing in Scranton
Edgar A. Jones, Lackawanna County chairman of the sale of war bonds, announced the comedy duo Bud Abbott and Lou Costello were scheduled to appear in Scranton Aug. 22 at a war bond rally at Athletic Park.
In addition to Abbott and Costello, Jones said there would be several other speakers.
Abbott and Costello were also to appear in Wilkes-Barre.
North Scranton swim team wins at carnival
Swimmers from North Scranton won numerous races at the annual city swim carnival at the Providence pool.
The North Scranton team captured the night by amassing 62.5 points. South Side racked up 54 points and West Side came in third with 52 points.
The spectacular race of the night came in the 300-yard medley. The South Side team of Frank Krayer, Robert Krayer and Pat Cusick completed the race in 3:43.8, breaking a pool record set the year before by the North Scranton team.
The team was presented the Bureau of Recreation banner and the Times Cup. The Scranton Times was a sponsor of the event.
BRIAN FULTON, library manager, oversees The Times-Tribune's expansive digital and paper archives and is an authority on local history. Contact Brian at bfulton@timesshamrock.com or 570-348-9140.
Given the crazy run cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, ether and litecoin have been on in the last week, it was only a matter of time before the Securities and Exchange Commission weighed in. Well, now it has in the form of an open letter from SEC Chairman Jay Clayton.
Clayton addresses his comments to both Main Street investors and financial services and market professionals that are selling the new financial products — and he has choice words for both.
A tl;dr of the statement yields three main principles. For investors, it's buyer beware. For market professionals: coin offerings are securities. And for market makers: you may be in violation of U.S. securities laws if you're not registered with the SEC and selling some of these securities.
For Main Street investors, Clayton notes that there are “substantially less investor protection” than in traditional securities markets and cautions that this lack of protection creates greater opportunities for fraud and market manipulation (which… yeah, of course… and it also means there's less recourse for investors if and when things go badly).
The SEC hasn't registered any coin offerings and it hasn't approved any public offering for exchange-traded products that hold cryptocurrency, so investors should be careful of anyone who makes claims to the contrary, Clayton warns.
Ultimately, Clayton's advice to investors can be boiled down to a very simple maxim: IF IT SOUNDS TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE, IT PROBABLY IS. Beyond that, any encouragement to “act now” or that there's a guaranteed upside to the investment probably means that an investor shouldn't and that there isn't (and if you're interested in seeing a list of questions Clayton proposes an investor ask before investing in a token sale, see the end of this piece).
For market professionals, Clayton underscored the opportunity for entrepreneurs that cryptocurrencies represent, but also emphasized that an offering is an offering is an offering.
Here's the relevant passage:
… any such activity that involves an offering of securities must be accompanied by the important disclosures, processes and other investor protections that our securities laws require. A change in the structure of a securities offering does not change the fundamental point that when a security is being offered, our securities laws must be followed. Said another way, replacing a traditional corporate interest recorded in a central ledger with an enterprise interest recorded through a blockchain entry on a distributed ledger may change the form of the transaction, but it does not change the substance.
I'm going to reiterate that, because the commissioner does. If a coin offering looks like a security, and floats like a security, then don't be surprised if the SEC treats it like a security.
“Merely calling a token a ‘utility' token or structuring it to provide some utility does not prevent the token from being a security,” Clayton writes. “Tokens and offerings that incorporate features and marketing efforts that emphasize the potential for profits based on the entrepreneurial or managerial efforts of others continue to contain the hallmarks of a security under U.S. law.”
The effect of this statement on the market should be profound. While it's probably true that the crypto community knew this was coming, it's the most starkly worded language I've seen about the way the SEC intends to treat coin offerings or “token” sales. Indeed, Clayton indicates that he doesn't recognize a difference.
Beyond the market professionals, Clayton puts securities lawyers, accountants and consultants on notice that they need “to be guided by the principal motivation for our registration, offering process and disclosure requirements: investor protection and, in particular, the protection of our Main Street investors.”
Finally, it seems like Clayton and the SEC have found one red line where consumer interests are not to be crossed, and that's in the crypto space. He ends with a warning to the shills, hucksters, con-men, snake oil salesman and celebrities that have been pitching coin offerings as way to get rich.
“Selling securities generally requires a license, and experience shows that excessive touting in thinly traded and volatile markets can be an indicator of ‘scalping,' ‘pump and dump' and other manipulations and frauds,” Clayton writes. “Similarly, I also caution those who operate systems and platforms that effect or facilitate transactions in these products that they may be operating unregistered exchanges or broker-dealers that are in violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.”
The tough talk doesn't end there. “While there are cryptocurrencies that do not appear to be securities, simply calling something a ‘currency' or a currency-based product does not mean that it is not a security,” Clayton writes. “Before launching a cryptocurrency or a product with its value tied to one or more cryptocurrencies, its promoters must either (1) be able to demonstrate that the currency or product is not a security or (2) comply with applicable registration and other requirements under our securities laws.”
Sample Questions for Investors Considering a Cryptocurrency or ICO Investment Opportunity
Who exactly am I contracting with?
Who is issuing and sponsoring the product, what are their backgrounds, and have they provided a full and complete description of the product? Do they have a clear written business plan that I understand?
Who is promoting or marketing the product, what are their backgrounds, and are they licensed to sell the product? Have they been paid to promote the product?
Where is the enterprise located?
Where is my money going and what will be it be used for? Is my money going to be used to “cash out” others?
What specific rights come with my investment?
Are there financial statements? If so, are they audited, and by whom?
Is there trading data? If so, is there some way to verify it?
How, when, and at what cost can I sell my investment? For example, do I have a right to give the token or coin back to the company or to receive a refund? Can I resell the coin or token, and if so, are there any limitations on my ability to resell?
If a digital wallet is involved, what happens if I lose the key? Will I still have access to my investment?
If a blockchain is used, is the blockchain open and public? Has the code been published, and has there been an independent cybersecurity audit?
Has the offering been structured to comply with the securities laws and, if not, what implications will that have for the stability of the enterprise and the value of my investment?
What legal protections may or may not be available in the event of fraud, a hack, malware, or a downturn in business prospects? Who will be responsible for refunding my investment if something goes wrong?
If I do have legal rights, can I effectively enforce them and will there be adequate funds to compensate me if my rights are violated?
Featured Image: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images
The Peoples Democratic Party has called for the immediate investigation of the alleged breach of due process in the $25 billion contract awards involving the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Dr. Maikanti Baru.
The Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Dr. Ibe Kachikwu, had on Tuesday in a letter to President Muhammadu Buhari accused Baru of awarding contracts totalling $25 billion without the input of the NNPC board, even as he described his conduct as an act of insurbodination.
Reacting to the development, the PDP in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Prince Dayo Adeyeye, called for the immediate commencement of investigation into the allegations, saying President Buhari should, without further delay, demonstrate his anti-corruption credentials by speaking up on the alleged scam.
Adeyeye said: “The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) wishes to express our shock at the loud silence of President Muhammadu Buhari on the humongous corruption scandal and other illegalities currently being exposed at the nation's cash cow, the NNPC in which two of his henchmen, the Minister of State for Petroleum, Ibe Kachikwu and the Group Managing Director of the NNPC, Maikanti Baru are the dramatis personae.
“As a political party, we expect that the President, who prides himself as an indefatigable corruption fighter, would for once try to live above board, by genuinely allowing one of his own, accused of corruption, get properly investigated and prosecuted as a show of his impartiality in the war against corruption.
“He should do this to correct the open impression Nigerians have about his so-called anti-corruption war; that it's just a tool of persecution of perceived enemies.”
The PDP warned against any official cover up, adding that Baru's alleged misdeeds must be search lighted to prove his innocence or otherwise.
The party said: “We view the allegations levelled against Baru by Kachikwu as too grave to be swept under the carpet and we insist that the NNPC GMD must be treated like an accused who should not have the opportunity to influence investigation into his alleged misdeeds.
“We demand an immediate suspension of the NNPC GMD so that proper investigation can be carried out by the relevant anti-corruption agencies.:
The PDP said it appears Buhari by his silence is shielding the NNPC boss in a manner similar to the case of one of his trusted officials some few months ago.
The statement added: “Ordinarily, if there was sincerity in the anti-corruption war , President Muhammadu Buhari should not have waited for any prompting before he takes a decisive action on this matter, but as customary with his administration, we suspect that he's trying to shield Baru as he did for Babachir Lawal, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) whom he merely suspended to allow the hullabaloo generated by the fraud perpetrated in the management of the emergency fund for the IDPs, die down. Also up till now, we have never heard anything again about the millions of dollars and billions of naira discovered at an Ikoyi apartment.
“Nigerians have not forgotten the acts of illegality and double standard perpetrated by the president in refusing to hand over Lawal to the EFCC for proper investigation and possible prosecution for graft, but rather, preferring to give the task of investigation of the open sleaze to the Vice President, in a move not known to any law of this nation.
“Even at that, the report of the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo-led committee is gathering dust on the shelf of the President because he probably could not bear to see one of his closest allies punished by the laws of the land, even when all facts show that blatant and unbridled theft was perpetrated by the president's man.”
The PDP further condemned what it called the “hypocrisy” of the Buhari administration, noting that the arms' deal scandal for which Colonel Ibrahim Dasuki is currently in custody for, was a fraction of the contract sum Baru is alleged to have fraudulently awarded.
It added: “The sum involved in the NNPC scandal is $25 Billion. Less than 10% percent of that ($2 billion) is involved in the so-called arms' fund allegedly converted by the former NSA for which hundreds of Nigerians have been arrested and hounded.
“Nigerians can now see the hypocrisy in the so called anti-corruption fight. We may as well say that the privileged class of APC members enjoys total immunity from the anti-corruption campaign.
“Tired of this double-faced corruption fight and cover-ups, we demand an immediate commencement of investigation into this latest exposed sleaze by another of President Buhari's men.
“We have been saying this for months that the looting of the nation's resources under this administration is record setting in the history of this nation and we are being proven right on daily basis by the little revelations that are being made by even those working under the administration.
“We wonder what the stench will be when the real and hidden atrocities being perpetrated under the watch of President Buhari are finally exposed when Nigerians throw the APC government out of power in 2019.
“The sum of $25 Billion said to have been the subject of the latest controversy, when converted to naira is about N9 Trillion, a sum that is bigger than the nation's annual budget. “This we find, is one of the very many reasons, the nation's economy has nosedived under the inept administration of the APC.
“The allegations raised by the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources is a confirmation of our earlier stance that the APC administration is in tatters, an administration without coordination, but one planted firmly in the hands of a few cabals who are stealing the nation dry while the President continues to feign ignorance of the sickening stench.
“If not, how on earth can President Muhammadu Buhari justify a situation where a Minister he appointed to serve under him, presiding over an important sector like the oil sector, be turned to a mere house-help who must get clearance from some “outsiders ” before accessing the president?
“How on earth will a mere Managing Director of a corporation have the temerity to sideline a minister under whom he works and take decisions without consultation with the appropriate authority?
“How on earth could the NNPC GMD have been bold enough to sideline the entire board of NNPC and take such far reaching decisions that have grave implications on the nation's economy alone?
“We suspect and our suspicion is reinforced by the unfolding events that powerful people at the corridors of power are tacitly involved in this. If the President's powerful Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari could sit on the NNPC board and such a calamity is taking place without an eyelid being blinked, we are forced to believe that the stealing is being done to the advantage of the President who has shown by his body language that the only thing that matter most to him for now, is his second term ambition.
“Will it be considered a ‘hate speech' if we say the money being stolen by President Buhari's men are being kept aside into a special pool for the prosecution of his second term ambition?
“We challenge the president to prove us wrong by allowing his allies being caught up in acts of brazen stealing of our commonwealth, get punished in accordance with the laws of the land. Anything aside this, we will take as confirmation of our suspicion that the rottenness is from the very top.
“We demand as bonafide Nigerians, an express order from President Buhari to the NNPC GMD asking him to go on compulsory leave so that investigation into the matter at stake can be conducted without interference.
“We also demand an order from the President to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) and other anti-graft agencies to immediately commence investigation into all issues of corruption levelled against Baru, as well as other persons who might have overtly or covertly participated in the illegal act.
“Much as we commend the National Assembly for indicating interest in probing the allegations against the NNPC GMD as approved in the adoption of the motion moved by Senator Samuel Anyanwu at the Wednesday plenary, we wish to appeal to the leadership of the Senate to prevail on the Ad-hoc committee set up for the purpose of the investigation, to make their sitting open to all Nigerians so that nothing will be surreptitiously swept under the carpet.”
Share 0 Share 0 Share 0
2018 Ford F-150 Enlarge Photo
When the new Ford F-150 was unveiled in 2015, it was the world's first aluminum pickup truck, an innovation that General Motors and Ram still haven't caught up with. Combined with a pair of twin-turbocharged V-6 engines, Ford's perennial best-seller pushed the art of the truck into an important new chapter.
Consider the 2018 Ford F-150 a key paragraph in that chapter. This truck takes the pioneering efforts of the 2015 model and addresses a shortcoming that's evolved over the past few years—a now old-fashioned 6-speed automatic—while improving on the style with a brutish new look inspired by its tougher big brother.
Super Duty style
The 2018 F-150's most obvious upgrade, of course, is how it looks. When it debuted in January, it was clear that there was a lot of the latest F-Series Super Duty in the new F-150's look—after the Super Duty borrowed the styling of the 2015 truck, of course—but the big truck's looks work better on the smaller truck's proportions. The Super Duty is tall and squarish, but adding the key details of its fascia—the so-called C-clamp headlights and the twin-bar grille—has the effect of widening the smaller F-150. A set of dual C-clamp taillight signatures tie the back end together.
But it's the way that Ford lets owners customize their trucks that make the 2018 stand out. Take the popular XLT in a SuperCrew—Ford speak for the big, four-door body—with the 3.5-liter, twin-turbocharged V-6. There are four separate grilles to choose from, including sporty mesh or black twin-bar, a chrome twin-bar, and the standard twin-bar. There are seven wheel options ranging from 17 to 20 inches in diameter, four side step options, and 13 exterior colors. And that's just one trim, in one body style, with one engine—the 2018 F-150 offers three body styles, three bed lengths, five engines (if you count the Raptor), and seven different trim levels (again, including the Raptor). In other words, there is an F-150 for any owner, from the blue-collar worker to the white-collar urban cowboy to the baja racer.
But while the exterior adopts the Super Duty's looks and adds an overwhelming dose of customization, the cabin doesn't fall into the trap of being too brutish or uncomfortable. In fact, taking a spin behind the wheel of the range-topping F-150 Limited—which was how I spent a fair chunk of my day of testing—furthers the notion that some American pickup trucks can stand toe-to-toe with traditional luxury sedans and crossovers.
Ford lathered the Limited in beautiful leather hides, while the fetching Navy Pier color scheme would look at home on the Mercedes-Benz E-Class Coupe. One of four new color schemes spread across the XLT Sport, Platinum, King Ranch, and Limited, Navy Pier's blue leather and pale, matte wood trims looks like something Ford should be selling in a Lincoln, let alone a pickup truck. Not only is the leather on the seats—where you'd most expect it—but it's on the dash, doors, and center console, which gets a special plaque on the top, just in case you forget what kind of F-150 you're driving. It looks and feels fantastic.
Lady Gaga and Prince William share FaceTime, talking about Gaga's mental health struggles and the Prince's charity, Heads Together.
LONDON—Prince William has brought Lady Gaga on board with in his efforts to persuade people to be more open about their mental health and crush the stigma associated with the issue.
The heir to the throne released a video on Tuesday in which he speaks with the pop superstar in a FaceTime call from his home in London to her home in Los Angeles.
William says it is “time that everyone speaks up and really feels very normal about mental health. It's the same as physical health.”
Lady Gaga says that talking more openly about mental health would allow people to feel like “we are not hiding anymore.”
William, his wife the Duchess of Cambridge and his brother Prince Harry have made mental health a focus of their charitable work.
Bayern Munich confirm they turned down Manchester United's £85 million bid for Thomas Muller
Jose Mourinho prompted his side to bid for the German international last summer.
by Khushwant Ramesh News 15 Feb 2017, 09:44 IST
The 27-year-old was, in fact, subject to a bid from Manchester United
What's the story?
Bayern Munich have acknowledged that Manchester United and Jose Mourinho bid a staggering £85 million in the summer to try and prise the 27-year-old from the Allianz Arena. The German international was seen as the kind of ruthless forward the club were looking at but Bayern Munich insist they never had doubts about selling him.
These claims are according to Bayern Munich's financial partner Jan-Christian Dreeson who admitted the bid did arrive in the summer. When specifically asked about the £85 million figure, he said, “There really was something like that.
“Then came a fax from England. For us, however, a sale of Thomas Muller was never discussed.
“If a player fits us, we would be stupid to give him a short-term prospect of a record profit and to weaken the team.”
In case you didn't know...
Manchester United have been on Muller's tail for a while now having courted him even during the reign of former manager, Louis van Gaal. But the 27-year-old has always remained loyal to the Bavarian giants and insisted that his future was there.
Despite having lured the likes of Bastian Schweinsteiger in the past, Manchester United failed to sign two Bayern Munich stars in Muller and Spanish international Thiago Alcantara. But, the club moved quickly to plan B and brought back Paul Pogba, to their team thanks to a world-record bid.
The heart of the matter
Muller is seen as the kind of superstar signing Manchester United needed to replace the likes of Wayne Rooney and Michael Carrick at the club. The two of them are feeling the strain of the Premier League and the club needed someone younger to come in and start performing from the get-go in all competitions.
While Muller would have been an incredible addition to the Old Trafford squad, Paul Pogba is proving to be similar if not more effective in shaping Manchester United's future. The club is thrilled at having signed him and hope he can now stay on and become the team's fulcrum for years to come.
What's next?
Thomas Muller's current contract at Bayern Munich runs till 2021 and he seems like the kind of player unwilling to shift for the sake of it. He's a key part of the side under Carlo Ancelotti and is proving it with his performances again this season.
With four goals and nine assists in all competitions, the German international is likely to spend the remaining years of his career with the Bundesliga champions. A move away seems unlikely.
Sportskeeda's take
Manchester United are not likely to go back for Thomas Muller but might instead pursue signing another forward in the summer with the likes of Antoine Griezmann, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Bernardo Silva seen as potential targets.
Here's your calendar for the next decade. Personal income tax changes — seven years; GST reform — eight years; corporate tax cuts — 10 years.
The overhaul of the GST has resulted in the Federal Government embracing an extended time frame that will surprise many WA voters.
But it has long been on the cards given the problems inherent in fixing the GST quagmire, especially for a Government that promised no State or Territory would be worse off.
The Productivity Commission's plan has been dumped in favour of something politically palatable in Tasmania, South Australia, Queensland and the Northern Territory. At the same time WA finally gets some certainty and fairness.
For voters the equation is simple: both sides of the political fence are offering $2.1 billion to WA over the next three years but with a much bigger pie beyond that on offer from Malcolm Turnbull.
The Government has found a way to change the GST system in a way that makes it fairer to WA.
The Government has broken from the Howard and Costello decision to make the GST the “States' tax”. Under that deal, every GST dollar was to flow back to the States and Territories.
To ensure no State is worse off, the Federal Government will pay $600 million in 2021-22. Over the six years, allowing for indexation, that's an extra $5.2 billion going into the GST pool.
It's a sign that the Government isn't worried by ideology and more focused on outcome.
Whether a future government will be happy is another question.
NEW DELHI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - India's vegetable oil imports could edge up 1.2 percent to 15.6 million tonnes in 2017/18 marketing year on higher overseas palm oil purchases, leading industry analyst Thomas Mielke said.
Palm oil imports into India, the world's biggest importer of vegetable oils, could rise 1.9 percent to 9.55 million tonnes during the current marketing year, Mielke told a conference in New Delhi on Friday.
The country's overseas purchases of soyoil are estimated at 3.37 million tonnes in the current marketing year that started on Oct. 1, slightly lower than 3.47 million tonnes a year ago, Mielke, executive director of Hamburg-based forecaster Oil World, told the Globoil India conference.
India's sunflower oil imports are likely to nudge up to 2.2 million tonnes from 2.14 million tonnes a year ago, he said.
China's soybean imports are likely to jump 3.2 percent in 2017/18 to 96 million tonnes, he added. (Reporting by Mayank Bhardwaj; Editing by Malini Menon)
Gillian Anderson says she could be dating a woman next year.
The twice-divorced actress - who came out as bisexual in 2012 - is currently in a relationship with 'The Crown' creator Peter Morgan but admitted she is only "part long-term" in their romance.
Speaking to The Times magazine, she said: "I could be with a woman next year! Part of me looks long-term. As long as there's always a back door."
And speaking about her bisexuality, she insisted she doesn't care what other people think.
Gillian, 49, said: "It's just who I am. I have absolutely no issue with it whatsoever, and I don't really care if other people have an issue with it.
"We're all intersectional, and that is something that is only just beginning to become accepted or embraced. We're all complicated beings. That is my truth and that is my experience."
However, Gillian insisted she is currently very happy in her relationship with Peter and loves that they work in the same industry.
She said: "I'm constantly grateful for the symbiosis because I haven't had that experience before."
Meanwhile, Gillian recently confirmed she is quitting 'The X-Files'.
The actress had previously hinted that the current 11th season of the sci-fi drama - in which she has starred as FBI agent Dana Scully since 1993 - would be her last in the role, and during a panel at the 2018 Winter TCA Tour last month, she confirmed her decision.
Throughout history, being on the receiving end of anything involving cavitation, a miniscule underwater implosion, has been bad news. Millions of years before humans discovered cavitation — and promptly began avoiding it, given its tendency to chew up machinery — the phenomenon has provided the shockwave and awe behind a punch so ridiculously violent that it's made the mantis shrimp a honey badger-esque Internet mascot.
Now, a slew of companies is co-opting the phenomenon behind the ocean's most powerful punch to process food and beverages from yogurt to beer.
Cavitation is when low pressure in a liquid produces a bubble that rapidly collapses, and heats up to 20,000 Kelvin — hotter than the sun's surface. This usually releases a flash of light called sonoluminescence, which physicists still don't understand. Some physicists even theorize that cavitation bubbles could get hot enough to power nuclear fusion.
Mantis shrimp's club-like appendages generate these bubbles by punching with the acceleration of a .22 caliber bullet. When they hit their prey's shell, they create a low-pressure area, vaporizing water and forming a cavitation bubble that collapses with a shockwave with up to 280 percent of the force of the original punch. Pistol shrimp, the world's loudest animal, snap their claws so quickly that they create a low-pressure jet that causes cavitation bubbles, stunning prey.
We humans are newcomers to cavitation. We never properly observed it until 1895, on torpedo boat propellers. And, save for using cavitation to reduce drag on torpedoes, engineers have generally designed equipment to avoid it like the plague.
According to Doug Mancosky, chief science officer of Hydro Dynamics, which designs cavitation technology, when 15 years ago he started trying to convince biofuel and petroleum manufacturers that cavitation could be used to refine their products, they thought he was crazy. Now, his company is at the forefront of a burgeoning sector of firms selling cavitation technology to food and beverage manufacturers.
Their first foray into the food market, in 2013, was when Hydro Dynamics discovered that cavitation could simplify egg pasteurization. According to Mancosky, their tech, which uses a hole-filled rotor (picture the inside of a washing machine) to generate cavitation bubbles, could heat from within the liquid. "The surfaces of our devices actually stay cooler than the liquid flowing through it" so eggs couldn't harden like they did on hot industrial equipment. And since companies could tune the intensity of cavitation, they could pasteurize and mix eggs without breaking apart too many proteins in them.
Since then, Hydro Dynamics and their licensees have branched out into processing pet food and dairy products — such as making fluffier, aerated yogurt products and milk. More recently, they've begun using cavitation bubbles to unravel and condense proteins in low-fat whey drinks to a size where they produce a richer, fat-like mouthfeel. They aren't alone in the dairy market, though. Among others, Yoplait and Valio have also patented in-house methods of using cavitation to process dairy products in recent years.
However, since 2015 — when an Italian National Research Council team published pioneering research on using cavitation to brew beer — cavitation has been making the most waves in the beverage industry.
According to one scientist from that research team, Francesco Meneguzzi, they found that cavitation processed and converted more of the starch in barley to brewable sugars — without having to germinate it first — in less time, at lower temperatures. It also reduced volatile gases, broke apart gluten, and punctured microbes' membranes, sterilizing wort, the sugary liquid fermented into beer. They could skip boiling the wort, reducing energy consumption by 40 percent. MIT's Technology Review hailed the team's innovation, and since then, cavitation has become a burgeoning fascination of craft brewers.
Hydro Dynamics, for example, found that as cavitation bubbles formed and collapsed, they pushed and pulled wort through hops "like a plunger," Mancosky says, improving flavor extraction. Two years later, they have partnerships with a slew of craft breweries, including Anchor Brewing and Cabarrus.
"One application leads to another," Mancosky says. Cabarrus, which makes a beer infused with cold brew coffee, asked him if they could use cavitation to extract more flavor from coffee. "We said 'Yeah, it should help, the same way it helps extract more flavor from hops. They fired it up, and next thing you know, they're able to reduce their cold brewing time by 80 percent." Afterwards, working with Anchor Brewing on their blackberry ale, Hydro Dynamics demonstrated that cavitation could also more effectively extract flavor from fruit.
The transition to using cavitation technology has posed some technical challenges for brewers, though. As Anchor Brewmaster Scott Ungermann tells NPR, "cavitation can drive extraction of undesirable flavors as well as the ones that we are looking for ... with so many other variables it is very difficult to dial in exactly the flavor profile."
Ryan Cottongim of Witches Brew, another craft brewer that works with Hydro Dynamics, seconds Ungermann's sentiments, saying that trying to integrate new technology while trying to keep brews consistent has been difficult. Moreover, while Cottingham has enjoyed more efficiently extracting extra hop flavor, "at some point you hit that saturation point where you're not going to get any more from this."
Nevertheless, cavitation's alcoholic applications go even further. It can age liquor and wines by acting a catalyst. Cavitation can effectively accelerate barrel aging by extracting flavor from charred wood chips — while using the char as a carbon filter to trap impurities.
In the past two years, Hydro Dynamics has sold equipment to several wineries and distilleries for aging. And, two companies, Cavitation Technologies and Sonn Beverage Systems, are targeting consumers with household devices that age wine and spirits.
Sonn, however, uses ultrasound cavitation, a method of generating cavitation with soundwaves most well known for its use in breaking up kidney stones. Sonn CEO Denis Londry tells NPR they opted for ultrasound because "unlike other ways of generating cavitation, nothing is pressurized." The whole thing can be an open container with few moving parts — suitable for a countertop, if not a winery.
Much like Hydro Dynamics has, Londry says Sonn is also aiming to expand into the tea and coffee markets — both of which are markets eager to improve their flavor extraction technology. In fact, one cavitation technology firm confirmed to NPR that they're testing cold brewing equipment with one of the world's largest coffee chains.
But the edible applications of cavitation don't stop there. The same phenomenon behind the most powerful punch makes for a better blender, catalyzes sought-after reactions, and can "neutralize a large spectrum of spoiling and harmful microbes," such as bacteria and waterborne viruses, according to Meneguzzo, "much more effectively and efficiently than most other technologies."
After millions of years of punctuating the most destructive attacks the ocean has ever seen, the cavitation bubble has a bright future in making humans' food and drinks safer and tastier.
Have your say
More than £12 million has been paid out by Harrogate and District NHS Foundation Trust for medical negligence claims in the last five years.
The total figure, £12,068,336, paid out between 2012 and 2017, was revealed in a BBC investigation of medical negligence costs for all NHS Trusts nationally.
Across England, Harrogate and District NHS Foundation Trust (HDFT), was ranked 145th of 258 Trusts for total payouts, with London-based Barts Health NHS Trust topping the chart.
Dr David Scullion, Medical Director at HDFT, said: “Although rare, serious incidents resulting in a claim do occur.
“Harrogate and District NHS Foundation Trust treats all claims very seriously.
“NHS Resolution payments on behalf of the Trust relate to a very small number of cases when compared to the overall numbers of patients seen.
“The number of cases which result in successful litigation is low. The Trust is committed to putting measures in place to improve patient safety and experience when such cases occur.
“Incidents are thoroughly investigated and we look to learn lessons from each in order to further improve the safety and quality of care for our patients.
“Every year, NHS trusts pay an annual insurance-like contribution to NHS Resolution which uses the funds to settle all clinical negligence claims.
“Any payments in litigation cases are not taken out of the Trust's frontline budget to provide patient care.”
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): Executive Committee of the National
Economic Council (ECNEC) on Friday approved development projects
worth over Rs. 310 billion.
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi chaired the ECNEC meeting
held here at the PM Office.
The development projects approved by the ECNEC include:-
1) Financial Inclusion and Infrastructure Project at a total
rationalized cost of Rs. 14.318 billion.
2) Balochistan Education Project (revised) at a total
rationalized cost of Rs. 3.57 billion. The project aims at
increasing student enrolment with special emphasis on girls'
education through 31 districts of Balochistan.
3) Doubling of Railway Track from Khanewal to Raiwind (246 Km)
(3rd Revision) at a total rationalized cost of Rs. 14.261 billion.
4) Revival of Karachi Circular Railway (KCR) at a total
rationalized cost of Rs. 207.546 billion to be completed under CPEC
(China Pakistan Economic Corridor) framework.
The project includes construction of 24 stations, procurement
of 162 locomotives. The project upon completion will serve
commutation of 515,000 passengers per day.
5) Provincial Roads Rehabilitation Project by the Government
of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa at a total rationalized cost of Rs. 17.103
a billion.
6) Construction of 4-Lane Bridge across River Indus linking
Layyah with Taunsa including 2-Lane approach roads (24.272 km) at a
total rationalized cost of Rs. 9.775 billion.
ECNEC also directed the National Highway Authority (NHA) to
work out a master-plan for future bridges to be constructed across
the country.
7) Construction of Rathoa Haryam Bridge and approaches across
reservoir channel on Mirpur – Islamgarh Road (2nd Revision) at a
total rationalized cost of Rs. 6.48 billion.
8) Remodeling of Warsak Canal System in Peshawar and Nowshera
District (Revised) at a total rationalized cost of Rs. 11.137
a billion on 50:50 cost sharing between Federal Government and the
Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
9) Prime Minister's Youth Training Scheme 2015-17 at a total
rationalized cost of Rs. 26.6 billion.
When playwright and Arkansas native Qui Nguyen's semi-autobiographical play “Vietgone” opens March 14 at TheatreSquared, actor Rebecca Hirota says audience members may be surprised at what they see.
“It's ridiculous and amazing,” says Hirota, who plays Tong, the character based on Nguyen's mother. She was also part of a previous production at the Manhattan Theatre Club. “It's really well-constructed, and there are amazing things that happen. It's not just a heavy piece about a heavy subject — it's a comedy and a romance about a heavy subject.”
And the part that might be the biggest surprise to audiences?
“It also involves ninja fights and rapping,” says Hirota with a smile.
You might be able to chalk up that particular content to the fact that Nguyen is an alumnus of the Marvel Studios Writers Program and a co-founder of the New York City theater company Vampire Cowboys, a leader of the “geek theater” movement that embraces “action/adventure and dark comedy with a comic book aesthetic.” The play's plot, however, is deeply personal to Nguyen, as it is loosely based on the history of his family. In a program called “Operation New Life,” more than 50,000 Southeast Asian refugees were processed and housed at Fort Smith's Fort Chaffee — including Nguyen's parents, who were refugees from the Vietnam War.
This is the third time director Kholoud Sawaf has worked on the show: She is assistant directed productions at both the Oregon Shakespeare Festival and the Manhattan Theatre Club. She says she was immediately drawn to the script because of Nguyen's unique portrayal of the immigrant experience.
“It's a positive representation, with a highlight on the word ‘representation' as opposed to ‘presentation,'” she says. “By that, I mean [the characters] are in charge of telling the story, rather than someone else taking over and telling the story on behalf of them. You get to see them as beautiful, resilient, sexy, fun human beings. The play doesn't reduce refugees to ‘an issue.' They are not the enemy to be fought, or the victim to be saved.
“In order to make that trip, you have to be so strong — and I'm so glad that there is a play that portrays that.”
Actor David Huynh, who plays Quang — the character based on Nguyen's father — says that reading the play for the first time was a revelation for him.
“The title alone, ‘Vietgone,' blew me away,” says Huynh. “I actually am Vietnamese-American, and my father has a similar story to Quang. When I read the play, it knocked me out. I never expected to see a play about people like me, people like my parents. There are some parts that are so moving that it moved me to tears, and it was the first play to have ever done that to me. It knocked me off of my feet.”
Hirota notes that Nguyen's play offers a unique perspective on subject matter audiences members may have only been exposed to through an Americanized lens.
“Not only is it a story from a group of people we don't normally get to hear from, but [Nguyen] uses a sort of gibberish vernacular for the American characters but has the Vietnamese characters speak in perfect English,” she says. “He wants you to identify with these people as actual people, because Asians, in this country, are sort of seen as ‘other' and not from here.”
“The way that's handled, the language, is an absolutely beautiful way to create empathy with immigrants and refugees, especially at this time when they're looked at as ‘the other,'” says Sawaf.
Hirota also lauds Nguyen for providing material for Asian actors that avoids all of the typical stereotypes.
“Having a show for me, personally, that has incredibly complex, strong, intelligent characters who are also Asian is incredibly significant,” she says. “These are the sort of tropes that are not always [available to us]. Females tend to be either demure or a dragon lady. Either way, we are some sort of sex idea or symbol. [Tong] owns her sexuality and isn't just the idea of something to someone else.”
Both actors say they hope the Vietnamese community in Northwest Arkansas and the River Valley have an opportunity to experience the show and its message.
“I hope we can connect with folks who don't usually see people that look like them represented,” says Huynh, but adds that he thinks the show will appeal to a wide variety of audiences. “I think this is a fantastic piece of theater for people that don't go to see theater very often. I think this will blow every expectation non-theatergoers have of theater. It's very relatable, it's very fresh, modern and sexy.”
FAQ
‘Vietgone'
WHEN — March 14 through April 8 at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, Thursday & Friday; 2 p.m. and 7:30 p.m. Saturday; 2 p.m. Sunday
WHERE — TheatreSquared at 505 W. Spring St. in Fayetteville
COST — $10-$44
INFO — 443-5600
Beijing
China's Foreign Ministry HAS said it would work with Pakistani authorities to investigate reports the two Chinese nationals abducted by the militant Islamic State group in Quetta were missionaries.
Ministry spokesman Lu Kang in a statement said China attached great importance to protecting the safety and legal rights of Chinese nationals overseas, but must adhere to local laws and regulations and respect local traditions and customs.
“As for reports that the relevant Chinese nationals were suspected of illegal missionary work in Pakistan, we will cooperate with the Pakistan government and launch an investigation in accordance with the law,” Lu said. The pair, identified by auth
orities as Lee Zing Yang, 24, and Meng Li Si, 26, were abducted by armed men pretending to be policemen on May 24 in Quetta.—Agencies
Dr. Sebastian Gorka, chief strategist for the MAGA Coalition, joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday's Breitbart News Daily to talk about the Las Vegas shooting, the possible motivations of the killer, and the call for new gun control legislation in the aftermath.
Gorka disdained conspiracy theories but said “something does not add up about the attack in Las Vegas.”
advertisement
“I think the local law enforcement are clearly under immense pressure. The under-sheriff who spoke recently was doing a sterling job. But the lack of information coming out about this, the largest shooting incident in modern U.S. history, is just galling and disturbing,” he said.
Gorka advised carefully watching the CBS News interview with Eric Paddock, brother of gunman Stephen Paddock. He called it “the most peculiar interview in modern televised history,” a “systematic 33-minute whitewashing of a mass murderer.”
“Talking about how he's just a normal guy, how much he loved his girlfriend, this is the kind of tender individual he was – watch the way he speaks. Watch his body language. A body language expert has already analyzed it with a very, very pejorative analysis of whether this man was telling the truth,” said Gorka.
“At the end of the day, do you know what the weirdest thing is? We know nothing of this man's politics. How is that possible?” he asked.
Addressing repeated claims by the Islamic State that Stephen Paddock was a convert to Islam and one of its “soldiers,” Gorka noted that “never in the history of mankind – never – has an upstanding citizen on Monday decided on Tuesday to kill 59 people.”
“It happens over time. This is a process, whether it's a psychotic break, or whether it is the process of radicalization into a terrorist group – be it secular, be it right-wing, left-wing, jihadi,” he elaborated. “This takes time. It takes months, sometimes years. The idea there were no indicators from within his family, from within his associates, from within the people he sat down and played poker with, is absolutely out of the question.”
“The fact that, to this day, we have no reports of people who saw something and thought it was suspicious, that can tell us which direction he went in – whether it's political, psychological, or religious – it just stinks to high heaven,” he said.
On the gun control debate that erupted after the Las Vegas shooting, Gorka drew on his own firearms expertise to point out that a bump stock – the devices allegedly used by the killer to fire semi-automatic rifles at near-automatic speed – is little more than a “piece of plastic” that makes the weapon fire more quickly by taking advantage of its recoil to squeeze the trigger faster than human muscles allow.
“It doesn't change the mechanism of a weapon, and that is why the ATF deemed it to be wholly legal,” he said. “You can do the bump-fire effect without a bump-fire stock. You can hook your thumb into your belt, put your finger in the trigger, and bump the weapon off your finger. Go on YouTube and watch a dozen videos on what bump-firing is. This is just a cheap piece of plastic that allows you to effect something you can do without it in any case.”
Gorka warned that “if you allow the camel's nose into the tent on bump-fire stocks” by passing legislation against them, “then you have capitulated to the argument that the object itself is the problem, the inanimate object.”
“This is what the left has told us for decades – that it's not somebody with a will to kill, be they a terrorist, be they a psychotic. It's this thing, this gun or this addition to a gun. If we give into that now, then it's over, and people like Feinstein and Schumer will just have a field day with this,” he said.
Gorka repeated what a “very senior member of the NRA” told him earlier in the morning: “We will fight any ban or confiscation scheme with the strongest possible resistance.”
“You can see perhaps potential virtue signaling in terms of some media interpretations, but after what Wayne LaPierre has done, after the fights – remember, what did they say after Newtown? Do you remember? They said the NRA is dead. They're toast. He's gone. The whole thing is going to cave. They didn't. They doubled down, and they fought for our rights. I think now we double down again, and we say, ‘Guys, we're not going to give into this, and, in fact, reciprocity is what we're going to demand from the Congress because this is what we need,'” he said.
Dr. Sebastian Gorka is a former deputy assistant to President Trump and former National Security editor for Breitbart News.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
Maradona goes on stunning anti-England rant after their World Cup win against Colombia
Aakanksh Sanketh FOLLOW ANALYST News 2.77K // 04 Jul 2018, 19:28 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Diego Maradona unleashed a scathing anti-England rant after they beat Colombia last night
The final round of 16 fixtures of the 2018 FIFA World Cup saw Colombia take on England last night as The Three Lions eventually trumped the Colombians after a penalty shoot-out decided the game in their favour.
England made history by winning their first ever penalty shoot-out at a World Cup to qualify for the quarter-finals whilst Colombia found themselves knocked out of the grandest tournament of them all.
While England and their supporters understandably celebrated their achievement, the game seems to have gathered quite a lot of controversial attention, largely due to questionable refereeing by the American official in charge of the game, Mark Geiger.
In fact, Colombian forward, Radamel Falcao, spoke out after the game, slamming the referee by calling him biased for several decisions made during the match which saw 6 Colombian players getting booked.
Also read: Radamel Falcao lashes out at 'biased' referee after World Cup defeat to England
Now, in a surprising turn of events, Argentina legend, Diego Maradona has also gone on a stunning anti-England rant to vent his feelings after last night's match, dubbing the result as a "monumental theft".
In a scathing interview on Argentine TV (via The Sun), Maradona blasted the referee and the people responsible for instating him, by saying:
"I apologise to all the Colombian people, but they must know the players are not to blame.
"It is the man who decides who is the referee who is to blame.
"A man like that should not be put in charge of a game of that magnitude.
"With all due respect, Pierluigi Collina, as the man who designates the referees, he is very bad.
"He must apologise to the Colombian people."
The 57-year-old legend also criticized FIFA and its President, Gianni Infantino:
"I told Gianni Infantino that if I worked for FIFA I would change everything. It has to be transparent.
"That's why I didn't go there.
"The referee knows a lot about baseball, but he has no idea about football.
"The Colombian players asked for VAR and he did not give it to them.
"Twice the English threw themselves to the ground and he did not admonish them. This was theft."
Diego Maradona has become the centre of attraction at the World Cup due to his controversial antics but this rant is expected to resonate with tens of thousands of football fans who feel similarly about last night's match.
Meanwhile, England have qualified for the quarter-finals of the competition and will take on Sweden in the next round.
Aviation Connection, a non-profit organization offering an aerospace training program (ATP) to high school students designed to introduce them to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics will be setting up shop at Massey-Vanier High School in January 2018.
See the story in the October 3 issue of Brome County News.
Guys, We Have A Problem: How American Masculinity Creates Lonely Men
Enlarge this image Maciej Toporowicz/Getty Images Maciej Toporowicz/Getty Images
When Paul Kugelman was a kid, he had no shortage of friends. But as he grew older and entered middle age, his social world narrowed.
"It was a very lonely time. I did go to work and I did have interactions at work, and I cherished those," he says. "But you know, at the end of the day it was just me."
The Lonely American Man The Lonely American Man Listen · 48:07 48:07
Kugelman's story isn't unusual: researchers say it can be difficult for men to hold on to friendships as they age. And the problem may begin in adolescence.
New York University psychology professor Niobe Way, who has spent decades interviewing adolescent boys, points to the cultural messages boys get early on.
"These are human beings with unbelievable emotional and social capacity. And we as a culture just completely try to zip it out of them," she says.
This week on Hidden Brain, we look at what happens when half the population gets the message that needing others is a sign of weakness and that being vulnerable is unmanly.
Resources:
This episode refers to the Harvard Study of Adult Development, Niobe Way's book, Deep Secrets, and research on suicide rates and social interaction.
The Hidden Brain radio show is hosted by Shankar Vedantam and produced by Parth Shah, Jennifer Schmidt, Rhaina Cohen, and Matthew Schwartz. Our supervising producer is Tara Boyle. You can also follow us on Twitter @hiddenbrain.
In recent weeks, several high-profile incidents have been blamed on infrastructural elements of an increasingly frequent scapegoat: the internet.
U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May made a call to renege on human rights and “regulate” cyberspace. Australia has insisted to surveillance alliance Five Eyes that encryption must be compromised in the name of safety.
Politicians — and public opinion — are beginning to slowly turn against parts of the internet, from encryption to bots, without considering the fact that the tools themselves are not bad. It is how people use them that can be problematic.
Policymakers' animus against the internet isn't new: it's part of a long trend of suspicion about this medium that challenges all media. Their feelings toward regulation of the web are often muddied by broader trends of political ambivalence toward the actual mechanics of the web.
Recently, Australian Prime Minister Malcom Turnbull said, “the laws of mathematics are very commendable, but the only law that applies in Australia is the law of Australia.”
Statements like this are striking examples of how politicians like Turnbull stubbornly refuse to learn about the infrastructure of the internet before claiming to know how to solve the problems that result from its complexities.
Such accusations, similar to recent blanket indictments by politicians against the political use of bots, fail to recognize one important fact: regulation should not be levied against tools themselves, but against particular uses. For instance, calls to ban bots of social media miss the fact that these automated software mechanisms allow for myriad positive, and even benign, activities such as queuing posts.
Politicians like Turnbull stubbornly refuse to learn about the infrastructure of the internet before claiming to know how to solve the problems that result from its complexities.
While social bots and encryption can allow for the ability to, say, anonymize communication, it is people that use anonymity for means either democratic or repressive, legal or criminal. Our team's research at the University of Oxford has found that while a variety of political actors have used social bots in efforts to manipulate public opinion, some governments have overreacted to the technology rather than the usage.
What we need is more complex conversations, and sensible policy, about how to minimize negative aspects of digital anonymity while still maintaining the internet's essence as a free-information medium that can benefit society.
State-based efforts to manipulate political online communication are very worrying. Freedom House's last global survey of internet censorship found that freedom on the internet declined for the sixth year in a row. Governments, and powerful corporate entities, are consistently limiting democratic aspects of the web.
It would be a grave mistake for politicians to continue this trend of minimizing freedom online. The entropy unleashed by new levels of access to information is an event that has historical precedent that we should observe and learn from while we still have the chance.
Nate Silver, for instance, has pointed out that the original information revolution began with the invention of the printing press in 1440.
“The amount of information was increasing much more rapidly than our understanding of what to do with it,” writes Silver, “Paradoxically, the result of having so much more shared knowledge was increasing isolation along national and religious lines.” Our current predicament is markedly similar.
In 2015, The Economist compared the invention of the smartphone to that of the printed book. A recent study by the International Data Corporation found that the total amount of data generated every year, the “digital universe,” will approximately double every year from 2005 to 2020.
The digital dam has cracked — the deluge of information holds promise and peril — but we are in a unique position to choose order over chaos. It is only natural that we are having trouble navigating this overflow of information, but it would be wrong to regard this predicament, or the tools associated with it, as the exclusive problem.
In a 2012 report the National Intelligence Council said that individual empowerment could prove a solution to society's greatest plights. To turn against the tools that make the internet a free information medium would undermine the positive side of individual empowerment.
This side enables innovations like Taiwan's anti-fake news bot or bots that combat the isolation of echo chambers online, it enables individuals to keep their bank details and health information secret and it encourages entrepreneurs to drive positive societal innovations.
The need for carefully considered data and internet policy is, however, indisputable. Tim Berners-Lee has suggested that giving consumers the right to own their data and regulating online advertising would be good starts. To wantonly call for regulation that infringes on human rights, however, will in the end result in a less safe — and information rich — society.
We must ask ourselves, what aspects of the internet are intrinsic to democracy and are they divisible from those necessary for control? Freedom of speech and the right to privacy are essential to democracy and need to be preserved online. When it comes to harm, and specifically to one's right to free speech infringing upon another citizen's well-being or rights, we must establish boundaries.
There is a profusion of data about known disinformation or terrorist recruiting campaigns online — social media companies must be more open with this information. Sharing it with researchers could allow for solutions to be developed while preventing overregulation or outright public sharing of proprietary knowledge. Another long-term solution is to keep democratic values in mind while designing new technologies. As John Markoff writes,“how we design our increasingly autonomous machines will determine the nature of our society and our economy.”
We're currently living in a time digital strategists have deemed the data wild west. The next decade the data policies set could determine the basis of digital rights for the foreseeable future. Reason is most useful at times when it seems least reasonable — we would do well to approach digital problems with nuanced solutions and informed policy that ensure liberal democracy within the digital sphere.
Featured Image: JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images
Grosse Pointe's Chase Reinhard and Braden Campbell celebrate after Saturday's 6-3 win put them in the Little League World Series. (Photo: Daniel Mears / Detroit News)
Call it stage fright, call it nerves, call it what you will. When the Grosse Pointe Woods-Shores Little League team played its first game in the Great Lakes Regional on Monday just outside of Indianapolis, the moment might have been a bit much for the young group of all-stars.
The result was about what would be expected — a one-sided 10-2 loss at the hands a team from Westside, Ohio.
“We did not play very well on Monday and I think the kids had a little bit of the ‘deer-in-the-headlights' look,” coach Jason Hill told The Detroit News on Sunday. “I don't know if it was playing in front of a camera or being on a little bigger stage.”
Whatever it was, it apparently took just one game to get it all out of their system, shake off the nerves and spend the next few days storming to a spot in the Little League World Series beginning this week in Williamsport, Pa.
Grosse Pointe Woods-Shores did just that, winning its next four games, capped by rallying for a 6-3 victory over Hinsdale, Ill., on Saturday in the championship game.
“Our backs were against the wall and we ended up winning four straight,” Hill said as the team bussed to Pennsylvania on Sunday afternoon. “Quite honestly, I think it was a total team effort. I really do. We had five different pitchers go out in four days and get the job done on the mound. It didn't matter if it was our No. 1 or No. 5 guy, everybody threw strikes and did what they needed to and the bats turned on for us after Monday. We started scoring some runs and putting together some better plate approaches, better at bats and runs obviously help a great deal and we were able to score a lot of those last couple days.”
Grosse Pointe Woods-Shores followed the opening loss by getting by New Albany, Ind., 4-3, before exploding for 10 runs against Lexington (Ky.) Eastern and 11 runs in a rematch with the team from Ohio.
In the title game, Hinsdale held a 2-1 lead through four innings before Grosse Pointe erupted with five runs in the fifth to take a 6-2 lead. Jordan Arseneau's two-run run homer was the big blast in the inning.
Joseph Wisniewski had two hits and two RBIs for Grosse Pointe and Jack Jones had two hits. Will Pflaum pitched four innings and struck out four.
“It's been quite a ride,” Hill said. “We've been together and started practicing probably in mid-June and have been playing since early July.”
This isn't the first time the Grosse Pointe team has been to the Little League World Series. It advanced in 1979 as part of the Central Region and made it back as Great Lakes champions in 2013.
Hill said several of the players from that team and their families were at the regional victory and Tom Mazzola, the coach of that team, stopped by practice last week. It's helped create a buzz around the community and within the team.
“There's definitely a sense of pride,” Hill said. “Our Little League has traditionally been very strong and has been very successful and is close knit. It's been a really good community thing and a positive for our community, so we're excited to hold the torch, for sure.”
Hill said 200 to 300 fans were with the team the past week and he's sure that number will grow in Williamsport by the time Grosse Pointe takes on the Southwest Regional champion from Lufkin, Texas, Thursday.
It's the eighth time a team from Michigan has reached the Little League World Series and Grosse Pointe Woods-Shores will be trying to become the second team to win it all and join the 1959 team from Hamtramck.
OPENING-ROUND GAMES
Double Elimination
Thursday
Game 1: Venezuela vs. Mexico, 1 p.m., ESPN
Game 2: Jackson, N.J. vs. Fairfield, Conn., 3 p.m., ESPN
Game 3: White Rock, British Columbia vs. Italy, 5 p.m., ESPN
Game 4: Lufkin, Texas vs. Grosse Pointe Woods-Shores, 7 p.m., ESPN2
Friday
Game 5: Tokyo vs. Sydney, 2 p.m., ESPN
Game 6: Walla Walla, Wash. vs. Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif., 4 p.m., ESPN
Game 7: Dominican Republic vs. Seoul, 6 p.m., ESPN
Game 8: Sioux Falls, S.D. vs. Greenville, N.C., 8 p.m., ESPN
mcharboneau@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/mattcharboneau
According to the Haaretz, an Israeli daily, Livni, was asked to join the world body by Guterres himself in a phone call. If the reports are confirmed it would be a huge stain on the international body, tasked with upholding international law and being a voice of reason in the global community. The Israeli politician was implicated in war crimes during her tenure as foreign minister during the War on Gaza in 2008-2009.
MILAN/LONDON (Reuters) - European shares suffered their biggest weekly loss in more than a year on Friday as investors' appetite for risk dried up and disappointing results from Deutsche Bank dragged the heavyweight banking sector down.
A more than five percent drop in shares of the German lender and losses across all sectors dragged the pan-European STOXX 600 index down 1.4 percent, suffering its fifth straight session of declines.
It was down 3.1 percent on the week, its worst weekly loss since November 2016.
Germany's DAX .GDAXI was the worst-hit, tumbling 1.7 percent on Friday to seal its biggest weekly fall in two years.
European stocks have been pushed lower by rising bond yields on expectations of tighter monetary policy, partly erasing January's gains when investors piled into stocks on optimism over global growth.
“The stock market cannot always go up and multiples are very high. The least bit of dust can gum up the works. European equities are weighed down by extreme strength in the euro as the market prices in future changes to monetary policy,” said Marco Vailati, head of research at Italy's Cassa Lombarda.
Vailati said European shares were more vulnerable than their U.S. peers to a possible pull back because earnings growth expectations were stable, whereas those for U.S. companies were being revised upwards thanks to measures there to cut taxes.
Bank of America Merrill-Lynch strategists said record equity inflows year-to-date had pushed their Bull & Bear indicator up to a ‘sell' signal, predicting a downturn ahead for stocks.
On Friday the banking sector .SX7P, which benefited at the start of the year from a rotation into cyclical stocks, tumbled 1.1 percent. The index had its worst week in six months.
Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) shares dropped 6.2 percent, having hit its lowest level since November earlier in the session.
It posted its third consecutive annual loss in 2017, taking a hit from challenging markets, a drop in investment bank revenue and a U.S. tax reform, after a difficult fourth quarter.
“Consensus is yet to fully reflect the earlier profit warning, let alone today's additional revenue miss and the disappointing cost guidance,” said Citi analysts, adding they expect consensus earnings forecasts to reduce materially.
Bank stocks were also weighed by declines of around three percent in Spanish banks Caixabank (CABK.MC) and Sabadell (SABE.MC) following their quarterly updates.
“Both CaixaBank and Sabadell results look a little disappointing. Fourth-quarter numbers decidedly mixed for both, but the guidance towards a brighter outlook may offer partial support,” said Jefferies analysts.
Outside the financials sector, industrials stocks were the biggest weight on the STOXXE, with Airbus (AIR.PA) falling 3.5 percent after a downgrade from Credit Suisse.
Mining and materials stocks .SXPP sank 2.7 percent, accelerating losses after the U.S. open.
Nokian Tyres (NRE1V.HE) was the biggest faller after results, down 7 percent following weak Russian sales figures.
This stunning footage shows how a group of mountain trekkers became embroiled in a potentially lethal avalanche.A group of hikers is scaling a mountainous region in northern Pakistan when they witnessed the stunning natural occurrence.The trekkers stayed on a point known as Ulter Peak, in the Hunza valley, and decided to film the event which happened on November 23.The stunning footage captures the snow tumbling down a rocky mountain face towards the hikers, who are filming it from the safety of higher ground.The white, snowy cloud soon engulfs the hikers, who continue to film the strange occurrence.Snow continues to hurtle down the rock face and then eventually the hikers are engulfed by snow plume which has been stirred up during its descent.One of the hikers who filmed the barrage of snow tumbling down the slope said: 'Weather in winters are very unpredictable because of mountains... while we are trekking on the peak we witnessed this avalanche coming right at us.'One local friend "Moiz Ali" was with me he told me this avalanche is not very dangerous so we can witness it very closely.'Locals said that they often witnessed these avalanches from their town but its very rare that this happened while we were trekking on peak.'
Sixo Midtown plan
Good urban design demands thoughtful analysis of reliable data. Do we have what it takes to ensure infill developments will enhance our neighbourhoods? The Sixo Midtown plan to redevelop five acres of former industrial lands, across from the future transit hub near King and Victoria streets, proposes a highly dense, mixed-use redevelopment: 1,000 residential units and over 300,000 square feet of office and commercial space. Compare this to the Schneider plant proposal: five times the land size and better road connectivity, proposes 2,000 residential units and less than half of the commercial space.
The Sixo site plan is much denser, but less accessible, bounded by the main railway line and narrowed roads. Sixo is proposing 1,000 fewer parking spaces due to proximity to the LRT, yet the traffic study submitted by the developer to support the plan confesses old and insufficient data, and even then identifies high traffic impacts. The study ignores other significant infill projects underway or planned within four blocks of the site. To date, no comprehensive study has been undertaken that looks at the combined traffic impacts of these large developments.
Big changes are coming to the Waterloo Region. We have an opportunity to change from welcoming any redevelopment to demanding accessible, livable neighbourhoods. Having trusted, independent studies (such as traffic) would enhance our capacity to thoughtfully planning an accessible, livable cities.
Kathy Mortimer
Kitchener
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Great Portland Estates Plc:
* ‍DEBENTURE TENDER OFFER EARLY RESULTS​
* ‍ANNOUNCES EARLY RESULTS OF, AND PRICING FOR, ITS OUTSTANDING £150,000,000 5.625 PER CENT. FIRST MORTGAGE DEBENTURE STOCK DUE 2029​
* ‍OFFEROR HAD RECEIVED VALID TENDERS OF £120,952,139 IN AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF BONDS​
* ‍ALL SUCH BONDS WILL BE ACCEPTED BY OFFEROR FOR PURCHASE PURSUANT TO OFFER​
* ‍CASH PURCHASE PRICE OFFEROR WILL PAY FOR BONDS WILL BE 131.884 PERCENT OF NOMINAL AMOUNT OF RELEVANT BONDS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Our Correspondent
Beijing
A Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson said Wednesday that Taiwan would find itself in a dead end if it denies the 1992 Consensus that the mainland and Taiwan belong to one China. Lu Kang made the remarks at a daily press briefing when asked whether the establishment of diplomatic ties between China and Panama Tuesday means the end of a “diplomatic truce” between the mainland and Taiwan. The one-China principle not only concerns the core interest of China and the feelings of the 1.3 billion Chinese, but also is the prerequisite and political foundation of developing relations between China and foreign countries, said Lu. Stressing that China has more and more friends now, Lu said there is “no way out” for Taiwan to refuse to accept the 1992 Consensus. Only by acknowledging the consensus could cross-Strait relations develop peacefully and the people on both sides of the Strait realize common development, said Lu.
A key political adviser at Nomura has stepped back from his role at a critical time for City banks, as they navigate a changing regulatory environment and the UK's exit from the European Union.
Sir Andrew Cahn, vice chairman of public policy for Europe, the Middle East and Africa at the Japanese bank, ended his seven-year term earlier this month. He will stay on as a senior adviser to the bank.
Cahn...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
New Super Bright Display Allows Stunning Display Quality While Lowering Power Consumption
LG's upcoming premium smartphone, the LG G7 ThinQ, will be equipped with a brand new 6.1-inch display QHD+ (3120 x 1440 resolution) FullVision display that is rated at a maximum of 1,000 nits, making it the brightest and most vibrant display on the smartphone market today.
Powered by LG's latest LCD technology Super Bright Display, the LG G7 ThinQ allows users the convenience of operating the phone in almost any lighting condition, notably under bright sunlight while reducing power consumption by as much as 30 percent than the LG G6.
Building on the well-received LG G6's display-to-body ratio, the LG G7 ThinQ will be easy and comfortable to operate and hold in one hand, especially with the ergonomic and beautiful curved tempered glass. The previous 18:9 FullVision display of the LG G6 has also been enhanced on the LG G7 ThinQ with a new 19.5:9 FullVision screen ratio complemented by almost 50 percent slimmer bottom bezel than its predecessor.
Color tones on the LG G7 ThinQ will look rich and natural even under bright light courtesy of the newly developed Super Bright Display by LG that covers 100 percent of DCI-P3 color space. Additionally, the LG G7 ThinQ can automatically adapt to six screen color settings for different content such as Auto, Eco, Cinema, Sports, Game and Expert. Auto mode enables LG G7 ThinQ to automatically analyze current content, such as video, game, photo or web, and optimize display setting while reducing power consumption.
For power users that are looking for total control over their smartphone's display, the LG G7 ThinQ allows users to fine-tune the screen by conveniently scrolling each RGB color level option while supporting modes are activated. LG has offered a similar feature with its camera in the past for shutterbugs, and it is doing the same for users desiring a higher-level degree of control with their displays.
HUDDERSFIELD TOWN slipped into the relegation zone for the first time this season as Manchester United exacted revenge for their defeat in the West Riding last October.
Second half goals from Romelu Lukaku and Alexis Sanchez, his first for the Red Devils, were enough to condemn the Terriers to a fifth straight league defeat.
Thanks to results elsewhere, this latest reverse was enough to dump David Wagner's men into the bottom three.
Town battled hard but simply had no answer as the home side stepped up their efforts after the break.
The breakthrough came ten minutes into the second half, Town opened up down their right flank as Juan Mata was played clear.
His cross was inch-perfect for Romelu Lukaku, whose first time volley gave Jonas Lossl no chance in the visitors' goal.
United doubled their lead midway through the second half, as Michael Hefele, on for Christopher Schindler, tripped Sanchez inside the penalty area and referee Stuart Attwell pointed to the spot.
Jonas Lossl saved the Chile striker's spotkick but was unable to do anything about him firing in the rebound.
Town, who offered little of note in attack even after falling behind, had enjoyed a fortunate escape in the first half when Terence Kongolo clattered into Scott McTominay inside the penalty area only for Stuart Attwell to rule no foul had taken place.
Jonas Lossl also had to get down smartly to deny both Jesse lingard and Alexis Sanchez but, otherwise, the visitors had looked comfortable in those opening 45 minutes.
Then, though, Lukaku broke the deadlock and there was simply no way back for the Terriers as they slipped into the relegation zone for the first time this season.
REACTION
David Wagner said:
“We were aware that this is a difficult task in front of us, we wanted to be solid defensively and find a good formation where we frustrated them, and I think it worked. We were not able to create our moments in the offence because United were concentrated and focused at avoiding our transitions.
“Unfortunately, we made a mistake and conceded the first one, then we made an individual mistake for the second one. It's frustrating because the players worked so hard but on the other side we have to be honest. These have been difficult fixtures in the last four days with Liverpool and Manchester United.
“What I have seen today, the commitment and working effort, gives me hope for what's in front of us. We now have fixtures at home where we have to get this atmosphere and this vibe in the dressing room, in the stands and in the Town that's all about surviving in the Premier League.
“We now have these fixtures in front of us where we have the chance to pick up points and we will prepare for this.”
TALKING POINT
Now comes the real test for Huddersfield Town.
After back-to-back games against Liverpool and Manchester United, the Terriers' next league assignment is the February 11 home clash with Bournemouth.
It is the first of four consecutive home games that are eminently winnable, even for a side so badly out of form as Huddersfield.
Watford, Crystal Palace and Swansea City are the visitors during a two-month period that also includes trips to Newcastle, West Brom and Brighton, plus Wembley to tackle Tottenham. This run of games will decide Town's fate.
A A A
Fed raises key rate and unveils plan to reduce bond holdings
By MARTIN CRUTSINGER
, AP Economics Writer
FILE - In this Monday, April 10, 2017, file photo, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks on stage as part of a conversation put on by the Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy at the University of Michigan's Rackham Auditorium in Ann Arbor, Mich. On Wednesday, June 14, 2017, the Fed is set to announce that it's raising its benchmark short-term interest rate for the third time in six months, a vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable American economy. (Melanie Maxwell/The Ann Arbor News via AP, File) FILE - In this Monday, April 10, 2017, file photo, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks on stage as part of a conversation put on by the Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy at the University of Michigan's Rackham Auditorium in Ann Arbor, Mich. On Wednesday, June 14, 2017, the Fed is set to announce that it's raising its benchmark short-term interest rate for the third time in six months, a vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable American economy. (Melanie Maxwell/The Ann Arbor News via AP, File) More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year, which could cause long-term rates to rise.
The increase in the Fed's short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers. The Fed foresees one additional rate hike this year, unchanged from its previous forecast. It gave no hint of when that might occur.
The overarching message the Fed sent Wednesday was an upbeat one: It believes the U.S. economy remains on firm footing as it enters its ninth year of recovery from the Great Recession, with little risk of a recession. Though the economy is growing only sluggishly and though inflation remains chronically below the Fed's 2 percent target, it foresees improvement in both measures over time.
And the most important pillar of the economy — the job market — remains solid if slowing, with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent — even below the level that the Fed associates with full employment.
The Fed's decision to raise rates, announced in a statement after its latest policy meeting, was approved on an 8-1 vote with Neel Kashkari, head of the Fed's Minneapolis regional bank, dissenting in favor of holding rates unchanged.
The announcement that the Fed plans to begin paring its balance sheet later this year — "provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated" — involves its enormous portfolio of Treasury and mortgage bonds. The Fed began buying the bonds after the Great Recession to try to depress long-term loan rates. That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $4.5 trillion.
On Wednesday, the Fed said it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process. This process could put upward pressure on long-term borrowing rates.
Under the plan it unveiled, the Fed would start with monthly reductions in Treasury holdings of no more than $6 billion and $4 billion in mortgage bonds. Those figures would rise in increments over a year until they reached $30 billion a month in Treasurys and $20 billion in mortgage bonds.
By using a gradual pace for reducing its bond holdings, the Fed hopes to avoid upsetting financial markets.
"With the Fed stating its intentions to start reducing the size of the balance sheet this year, it is offering a clear vote of confidence for the economy," said Curt Long, chief economist of the National Association of Federally Insured Credit Unions.
The Fed also issued updated economic forecasts that showed it still foresees one additional rate increase this year, to follow Wednesday's increase and an earlier rate hike in March.
The rate forecast, based on the individual projections for each member, envisions three more rate hikes in 2018 and three more in 2019. By then, the Fed's forecast would put its key policy rate at 3 percent. That's the level the Fed believes is a neutral rate — neither stimulating economic growth nor restraining it.
But the Fed's forecasts are only predictions and are frequently revised as its assessments evolve.
The revised economic forecast bowed to reality by reducing its estimate for unemployment by year's end to 4.3 percent from a March projection of 4.5 percent. Unemployment has already reached a 16-year low of 4.3 percent.
The Fed kept forecast for economic growth this year of 2.2 percent, up slightly from its March forecast, with growth of 2.1 percent in 2018 and 1.9 percent in 2019. Those forecasts are far below the 3 percent annual growth the Trump administration has said it can achieve with tax cuts, deregulation and tougher enforcement of trade rules to protect American jobs.
The central also updated its projections for inflation to take account of a slowdown. It forecast that prices will rise just 1.6 percent this year, down from a March forecast of 1.9 percent. The Fed continues to project that prices, as measured by a gauge tied to consumer spending, will rise 2 percent in 2018 and 2019, achieving its target.
At the moment, uncertainty surrounds the membership of the Fed's own policy committee. President Donald Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed's influential board, and those new members, depending on who they are, could alter its rate-setting policy.
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the vacancies. They include Randal Quarles, a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations, for the vice chairman's job of overseeing bank regulation. Marvin Goodfriend, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, has been mentioned for another board spot, and Robert Jones, chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana, reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker.
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more "hawkish" stance. Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles. By contrast, "doves" favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen, favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the Fed, is serving a term that will end in February. So far, Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether he plans to nominate her for a second term.
GOING STRONG: Cancer survivor David Locke is looking forward to new challenges and a new career in the care sector after rebuilding his strength and health following treatment.
GOING STRONG: Cancer survivor David Locke is looking forward to new challenges and a new career in the care sector after rebuilding his strength and health following treatment. Nicole Zurcas
WITHOUT his cancer diagnosis, David Locke wouldn't have found the strength to follow a new passion.
One year ago he was given the shocking news he had breast cancer.
In a fierce battle for survival, he underwent surgery, 18 weeks of chemotherapy and 25 doses of radiation.
He had to resign from his 30-year position as parks and gardens worker with the council, but Mr Locke said this opened a new pathway for him.
"After 30 years if I wasn't going to make the move, I never would," Mr Locke said.
Building back his strength, Mr Locke is now looking to pursue a career in helping others facing a similar struggle.
"I'd really love to work with others going through cancer, or something in the disability or aged care sector," he said.
"I have friends in those lines of work and I really enjoy meeting their patients and seeing how much help they do."
After his treatment, Mr Locke could barley lift his arms and struggled to grasp everyday objects.
"I was so weak I would drop things the moment I had a hold of it. I was really scared at that point," he said.
Now he's lifting weights and almost has full range of motion back in his arms.
Cancer survivor David Locke credits resistance training for helping him regain his strength and dexterity after illness. Nicole Zurcas
Mr Locke credits WIRAC's Cancer Survivor Program for his progress.
The round beginning this week will be the gym's fourth offering of the free 12-week program and Mr Locke's second go.
WIRAC fitness and facilities manager Alex Cutmore said the program involved resistance-based training that had been proven as one of the most effective ways for survivors to improve muscle strength and bone density.
Mr Cutmore said the social aspect of the program was a huge bonus.
"Group training in general is a good bonding experience for people," he said.
"But when you put people together with shared experiences, it can be even more beneficial."
Anyone undergoing cancer treatment is welcome to sign up to the program at any stage during the 12-week period.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the Islamic State attacks which killed 130 people in Paris in 2015 goes on trial in Belgium on Monday, charged over a later shootout with Brussels police before he was arrested.
Salah Abdeslam, 28, a French citizen born and raised in the Belgian capital, is accused of “attempted murder in a terrorist context” over the Brussels shootout in March 2016, four months after he fled Paris on the night of the carnage during which his brother was among the suicide bombers.
Facing a later trial in France over the Nov. 13, 2015, attacks, he will be ferried daily from France under heavy security to the main courthouse in Brussels.
Prosecutors also believe he was associated with three men who blew themselves up at Brussels airport and on the city's metro on March 22, 2016, four days after Abdeslam was arrested close to his family home. However, he and accomplice are only charged with wounding Belgian and French police who raided a suspected hideout in the city on March 15.
“For these acts, he may receive a sentence of up to 40 years in prison,” Luc Hennart, president of the French-speaking Brussels court of first instance, told Reuters television.
Abdeslam became Belgium's most wanted man after surveillance footage caught him returning from France the day after an Islamist militant group that included his brother killed 130 people in coordinated gun and suicide bomb attacks in Paris.
Despite a massive police effort to find him, he evaded capture for four months before eventually being detained in a raid in the western Brussels district of Molenbeek, home to a large Muslim population mostly of Moroccan origin.
Three days before his arrest, prosecutors say he was one of three men holed up in an apartment in the southern Brussels borough of Forest when police arrived for what they believed would be a routine search linked to the Paris attacks.
Four police officers, including a French policewoman, were wounded and a suspect armed with an assault rifle was killed. Prosecutors say Abdeslam and an accomplice escaped.
The trial is set to trigger high security in a city that was hit by suicide bombings at its airport and on its metro system by members of the same Islamic State-inspired group on March 22, 2016.
More than 100 police are expected to be deployed in and around Brussels' 19th century Palace of Justice, which dominates the skyline over the Renaissance city centre.
“These are undeniably tough security measures, but they are simply the consequence of the police's assessment of the security need for the trial,” Hennart said.
Abdeslam's trial has been repeatedly postponed. Some Belgian media said there may be further delays after proceedings begin on Monday as lawyers ask for more time to prepare their cases.
S
wati Mylavarapu and Matt Rogers are the definitive Silicon Valley power couple. Rogers, a cheerful, be-fuzzed technologist, co-founded Nest Labs. Swati, a sharp visionary, was at Square for four years before joining legendary investment firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers as a partner.
Now they're ready for act two.
The pair have just launched their new investment platform, Incite, and are looking to the future with a timeline generally unheard of within the Valley. The bottom line? Matt and Swati are looking to fund world-changing startups no matter how long it takes to see a return on investment.
Matt co-founded Nest with Tony Fadell in 2010, which sold it to Google in January 2014 for $3.2 billion. He doesn't like to talk about how much he got from the sale, be he assures me he didn't splurge on a crazy, post-exit purchase like an island.
“Matt sold Nest and we had an incredible opportunity to pay it forward and use the capital we'd acquired to make the world better,” Swati told me. “That seemed like the right thing to do. But first we wanted to spend some time learning how that's done, and [Kleiner Perkins] offered a history-rich place to learn from some of the best VCs and creative capitalists in the business, like Randy Komisar and John Doerr.”
Swati worked as a partner at KPCB for two years until the end of 2017. She tells me she left the firm understanding great investors are really working in service to their entrepreneurs first but also to their fund investors. Fundamentally, great entrepreneurs are missionaries and change-makers, she says, adding they're in it to change the world and are not just motivated by money or short-term gains.
“Having an early investor on the other side of the table who not only supports that but has done it, and can offer that motivation, guidance, resources – that's game-changing,” Swati said.
The pair consistently looked at founders leading mission-based companies who couldn't find investors. Along the way, they identified a category of startups who were attempting to solve big problems but were running into fundraising roadblocks. This is where Incite wants to make investments.
I
ncite is a different type of investment fund, say Swati and Matt. Although there is a venture fund involved, it's more than that. There's a foundation, too, which, as they explain, allows them to fund companies and ideas where they might not see a return for 20 years. And if a company is not right for Incite's venture fund or foundation, the two can use personal funds to support a startup, too.
Incite has three investment vehicles, which allows the pair to wait longer for a return: Incite Ventures, an LLC investment fund looking at mission-driven enterprises; Incite Labs, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that makes grants and program-related investments to charitable, educational and scientific purposes; and a political wing called Incite Politics, in which Swati and Matt get involved personally to organize and support political initiatives and candidates.
The firm aims to address the funding gap around hard science and difficult tech. This is an area Matt and Swati feel traditional venture capital largely ignores because of the time it takes to see a return on investment.
“We have patience,” they said over several interviews with TechCrunch, and this is evident through some of the early investments. They feel some investments have the potential to change the world, and therefore deserve a longer time to mature. Because of this, Swati and Matt set up Incite to offer the best terms to founders and the fund over the long haul.
It helps that Matt and Swati only have to answer to themselves.
“We're passionate about discovering first-movers,” they said. “These are the brilliant, committed people taking critical-but-fragile first steps to address substantive change. If we can be the difference and get these people the initial momentum they need and then we fire up that spark.”
Yet through this all, Incite does not have any limited partners. Matt clearly views the lack of LPs as beneficial to entrepreneurs.
“Entrepreneurs look for investors who are there to help for the long term,” Matt said. “Because we have no accountability to LPs and are more interested in seeing the impact in the world, we provide a much more patient capital. Also, having been an entrepreneur myself, I can really empathize with the daily stresses of what folks deal with on a regular basis. I often get calls from our founders who are just looking to talk through some of their challenges and get some perspective from someone who has gone through it.”
Incite aims to do this through funding and fundraising while connecting people for advice and guidance. That pitch is not unique to Incite. It's the same hook used by most venture capital firms. Those tentpoles hold up most investments, and most investors utilize their network to ensure their cash is properly supported and has the best chance for a return. It's Incite's different funds that set them apart in the venture world.
Without these three investment vehicles, Incite would be similar to any other venture fund, yet with them, there's credence behind their professed patience. They're funded differently from Matt and Swati's personal funds, with Incite Ventures' funding coming from the pair's family office. Incite Labs is a private foundation that they gift money to on an annual basis, and their political work is funded directly and personally from their own coffers.
So far the two partners have funded 24 projects. Incite intends to use these different investment types at different rounds, too. The blended asset class gives Matt and Swati flexibility and thus changes the risk structure of their investments.
Investments like Wright Electric Airplanes was done through the private foundation, as the return on investment is expected to take much longer.
Still yet, there are projects like The Arena, which the two funded and Swati helps run, to help organize political activism through building of communities and running quarterly training summits.
M
att and Swati are the only two Incite investment partners, and Matt is keeping his day job at Nest. This is not his exit from Nest, he says. I asked him this question several times, and he started laughing, saying, no, he's not leaving Nest and that for him, Incite is a nights and weekends project, stating Swati does most of the work.
I first met Swati at TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2017. She came along with Matt who was scheduled to sit down for a fireside chat on the Disrupt stage. Nest had just launched its long-rumored security solutions. But moments after meeting her, it was clear we at TechCrunch made a mistake. Swati should have been on the stage with Matt. She's visionary, and the pair share the same passion, which Matt laid out onstage that day.
Swati says she grew up in a similar situation as Matt, born to hardworking immigrant parents who made her and her sister aware of their luck to have the opportunities available in the United States. She graduated from Harvard with the highest distinctions and attended Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar. She says she started college wanting to be a doctor and discovered economics and how great technology can be transformative and impactful in helping people live better lives.
“The form has evolved as our world has changed, but the goal for me has always been the same – help people to both live better, and to have more opportunities and seize them,” Swati said.
This mission is evident through one of their early investments. Nima is the maker of gadgets that detect allergens and components within food. Their first product detected if a food substance contained gluten. TechCrunch first meet Nima when it won Hardware Battlefield at CES in January 2016. Matt and Swati were already investors, previously putting money in Nima's seed round, and in May 2016, participating again in the company's Series A.
Nima co-founder Shireen Yates has great things to say about them, too.
“Swati first reached out a few years ago when she learned about Nima,” Yates said. “Food allergies run in their family so they immediately understood the pain point we were solving for. They invested in our seed round and have remained incredibly active since.”
Yates says they show up as partners and consider them an extension of the company's team. She says they're instrumental in helping Nima maximize their impact.
Nima's thoughts line up with the stated goals of Matt, Swati and Incite, and there is no doubt the two intend to see this project through to the end. With the long timeline, various investment vehicles and lack of partners, it's clear the two have put in a lot of work to position Incite as a premiere investment organization. But that's just the start.
Matt and Swati have a big mission and even for Silicon Valley power players, they will not be able to do this alone. They're going to need help though they never admitted that to me when we talked.
There are close to 900 venture firms located in the United States and many are after the same type of entrepreneur as Matt and Swati. Even with their founding and investment background, the two are still going to have to establish their investment and advisement chops in the competitive VC world. It will take time, and, well, if the two are to be believed, they have the time.
Production company Endemol Shine North America has shut down its digital studio division — Endemol Beyond the USA — and laid off the group's five employees, including president Bonnie Pan.
In a statement, the company said, “We constantly review our approach to ensure that we are at the forefront of market trends and producing the very best creative content for both our brand and platform partners. Moving forward, all digital programming initiatives in the U.S. will be run organically within the core infrastructure of Endemol Shine North America and its subsidiary production companies.”
The news of the shutdown was first reported by VideoInk. The company launched the division as Endemol Beyond the USA in 2013, tapping former Maker Studios exec Will Keenan to run it. Pan was hired in March 2016 — previously executive VP of programming at Disney's Maker — to take over the reins of group, which was later rebranded Endemol Shine Beyond the USA.
But in recent months, Endemol Shine North America evidently came to the conclusion that having a dedicated division focused on digital platforms didn't make sense organizationally.
Among its recent projects, Endemol Shine Beyond the USA developed and produced “The Keys of Christmas” special featuring Mariah Carey for YouTube Red as well as original series “Capturing Everest” for Time Inc.'s Sports Illustrated, billed as the first-ever top-to-bottom climb of Mt. Everest in virtual reality.
In addition, Endemol Shine North America's unscripted team along with Ryan Seacrest Productions recently sold music-competition series “Best. Cover. Ever.” to YouTube. “Best.Cover.Ever,” part of the video giant's ad-supported originals slate detailed last month, show is slated to feature appearances by Katy Perry, Demi Lovato, Backstreet Boys, Jason Derulo and Charlie Puth.
PARIS -- Former champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-sets win at the French Open on Wednesday to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Editor's Picks Serena rallies in tiebreaker, outduels Pliskova Serena Williams rallied after trailing 3-0 in a first-set tiebreaker, and then held off Kristyna Pliskova to advance at the French Open.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 US Open.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
In another match, Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" was ended in the second round by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who had headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match, earning 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Beijing
Northwest China's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region have assigned 76,000 officials to villages in 2018 to fight poverty and maintain stability.
In an effort to enhance work in extremely poor villages and to alleviate poverty, the Communist Party of China (CPC) Committee in Xinjiang has assigned 76,000 officials and 12,000 working groups to cover every village in the region, the Xinjiang Morning Post reported on Thursday.
Those officials started to work in villages on Monday. Among the 76,000 officials, 2,578 officials selected from universities in Xinjiang will be assigned to each extremely poor village.
“The officials are mainly responsible for implementing regional policies. Their close involvement with ethnic residents would erase estrangement, which would benefit regional stability in the long run,” Dong Yong, a professor from Urumqi National Cadre College, told the Global Times on Thursday.
“The CPC Committee in Xinjiang will closely monitor the work of the village-based officials. It has decided to keep 60 percent of them from 2017 and recommended new officials for the groups, making sure that there are at least eight officials for large villages, six for middle-sized ones and five for smaller ones,” the Xinjiang Morning Post reported.
Dong said these officials have to put real effort into their work, otherwise it would become routine and will not have a substantial influence on local families.
“The work of village-officials in 2018 will focus on whether the hearts of cadres go along with their body,” he added.
An official who had worked in Hotan in 2014 surnamed Niu told the Global Times on Thursday that his experience helped his future work. “I'm more confident in handling local affairs because I learned how to effectively implement a task from my past experience,” Niu said.—Xinhua
(Reuters) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 7:38 pm |
In a boost to the Democratic Party's chances of winning back the U.S. Congress this year, both the U.S. Supreme Court and a Pennsylvania panel of federal judges on Monday rejected Republicans' efforts to block the state's new congressional district map from taking effect.
The twin rulings, which ensure November's midterm elections in Pennsylvania will be contested using the new boundaries, were announced just 24 hours before candidates for the U.S. House of Representatives must file petitions to secure spots on ballots.
In a 5-2 vote in January along party lines, the Democratic-majority state Supreme Court ruled the Republican-controlled legislature designed the old boundaries to hurt Democratic voters, violating their constitutional rights. After the legislature did not meet a court deadline to submit a new version, the court drew its own map.
Independent political analysts have said the new map will boost Democratic chances in one-third of the state's 18 seats, which Republicans have dominated since the old district lines took effect in 2011 despite Pennsylvania's status as a closely divided electoral swing state.
Republicans hold 12 seats after Democrat Conor Lamb's surprise victory last week in a special election. All told, Democrats need to flip 23 seats nationwide to capture control of the House.
The state's Republican legislative leaders had asked the U.S. Supreme Court to block the map, while eight Republican Congress members and two Republican state lawmakers separately filed a federal lawsuit in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, seeking the same remedy.
In both cases, Republicans argued only lawmakers have the power to draw voting districts.
The panel of three federal judges, all appointed by Republican presidents, dismissed the Harrisburg lawsuit on Monday, finding that individual lawmakers did not have standing to bring such a complaint on behalf of the entire legislature.
The U.S. Supreme Court, meanwhile, rejected the Republicans' petition in a single-line order.
Islamabad/Seoul
Proving that a washing machines can be the star of a viral video, LG Electronics' House of Cards video was the recipient of an AME Award in the category of branded entertainment. One of the most prestigious industry honors, the AME (Advertising & Marketing Effectiveness) Awards recognize a marketing campaign's strategy, creative concept, production value and most importantly, effectiveness, on the global stage. The video(www.youtube.com/ watch?v=sEftHIXPG2Y) quickly achieved 100 million cumulative views across various sites when it debuted on YouTube last spring. In the video, professional card stacker Bryan Berg is seen building a 3.3-meter-tall house of cards on top of an LG Centum System™ washing machine running at 1,000 RPM, a feat which earned Berg a world record for the highest card structure built in 12 hours. The video was designed to demonstrate in a creative manner LG's new Centum System, which maximizes the washing machine's reliability and energy efficiency with minimal vibration and noise. —PR
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
According to Rightmove, Bristol has an overall average house price of £301,064.
Bristol is a great city full of culture and history, but with property prices rapidly rising it is tempting to look at what you could get for your hard-earned cash elsewhere.
This three-bedroom semi-detached home in Filton is a pleasant example of the average Bristol home. It is currently on the market for £300,000 in a desirable cul-de-sac location.
It has two good-sized double bedrooms, both with built-in wardrobes, and a single. The kitchen and bathroom are well-finished and modern.
The property benefits from off-street parking, a garage and a decent strip of garden. And the large 31ft lounge/diner offers more living space than usual.
For Bristol this seems like a good buy – but what could this sum get you elsewhere in the world?
Here are some dream exotic homes for around £301,064 – some of them considerably less.
Mareeba, Tropical Far North Queensland, Australia
This bright four-bedroom home is on the market for the equivalent of around £298,342.
The contemporary, light-filled interior has an emphasis on stylish entertaining with a vast open living space overlooking the pool and a large afresco area with built-in barbecue.
The rooms are large with particularly luxurious bathrooms featuring a lovely standalone bath.
It is just two years old and includes solar power and water.
Enjoy a year-round warm and sunny climate – even in the middle of the winter daytime highs in Mareeba reach over 25C.
Lake Carolina, Columbia, South Carolina
If you value large rooms – US suburbs are another great option. On the market for just £284,508, this four to five-bedroom house is huge.
This is a proper American estate home with an attractive mix of brick and weatherboard and a traditional pillared porch.
It features beautiful hardwood floors, a media room complete with stadium seating and a sunroom surrounded by trees.
Each of the bedrooms have walk-in closets and there are 4.5 bathrooms.
The house sits within a gated community with a clubhouse, pool, community boat ramp, and tennis courts.
South Carolina is known for its shoreline of subtropical beaches and marsh-like sea islands. The home itself sits in the lovely area around Lake Carolina.
Lanouaille, Dordogne, south western France
If you don't want to travel halfway around the world for amazing value – you could just skip across the channel.
This six-bedroom manor house is up for £284,775, including large outbuildings and a delightful garden.
The charming 18th century property sits on the edge of a pretty village. It has a large kitchen and sunroom which opens out onto a side sun terrace with pleasant views. It enjoys original wood flooring and beams throughout the house.
The Dordogne area is popular with British tourists for a scenic rural retreat – but you could live there all year round in style.
Hills of Chaweng Noi, Koh Samui island, Thailand
This one comes in a little over budget at £306,400, but it truly is a perfect home. The two-bedroom villa emerges from the forest-covered hills – and from our dreams.
Situated on the tropical paradise island of Koh Samui, the home has stunning panoramic views of the sea.
Entering the home you are greeted by an impressive open-plan area that boasts high ceilings and glass sliding doors. The large bedrooms both have luxury ensuites with rain showers.
Outside there is a sun terrace off the master bedroom, a pool deck and infinity-edged swimming pool – all with outstanding views.
The island lifestyle features the gorgeous Chaweng beach, fine dining and great night life.
Cruz Chica, Córdoba Province, Argentina
This proper South American home has four bedrooms, four bathrooms and loads of character. It is on the market for just £300,900.
Large rooms look out to beautiful mountain views. While traditional wood and stone creates a lovely ambience.
The property features a secluded enclosed pool and a vast well-developed garden.
Constantia, Cape Town, South Africa
For £266,558 you could get your three bedroom home – plus a bonus self-contained two-bed flat.
The family home, situated in a peaceful pocket of Constantia, offers open-plan living spaces leading onto a covered patio, overlooking scenic mountain views.
The detached property has three bedrooms, the master with an ensuite, a family bathroom and a study nook.
But it also has an additional flat, with a spacious lounge/dining area, modern kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom. It has its own private street entrance and a separate courtyard off the kitchen.
Constantia is a stunning wine-producing suburb of Cape Town. It offers a beautiful countryside setting that's still close to all the action.
For the latest property news, check out https://www.bristolpost.co.uk/news/property/
A LISMORE woman accused of perjury has been given permission to move to Queensland.
Prosecutors allege Tiffany Ann Martin, 27, lied under oath during a Local Court hearing on August 25 last year over an alleged assault by Shaun Hucker.
An indictment lodged by the Office of the Director of Public Prosecutions states that Ms Martin committed perjury on the stand, "namely that she could not remember Shaun Hucker assaulting her."
She faces two indictable perjury related charges which, if proven, could attract a jail sentence.
Ms Martin is also charged with the supply of an indictable quantity of MDMA, or ecstasy, between September 27 and 28 last year at Lismore Heights.
Ms Martin appeared before Lismore Local Court on Tuesday where DPP solicitor Alanna Coxon withdrew a charge of perverting the course of justice.
"The Director is instead preferring sequence 3 and 4," Ms Coxon said, referring to two fresh perjury charges: one count of perjury to procure acquittal in serious offence, and one count of making a false statement under oath amounting to perjury.
Ms Coxon also said the DPP had rejected a plea offer from the defence on June 12.
Ms Martin was initially charged on February 14.
The court heard that the accused, formerly of Lismore Heights and then South Lismore, is moving to Sunshine Acres, a suburb of Hervey Bay.
She was ordered her to report to Scarness Police Station on Mondays only.
Magistrate Annette Sinclair adjourned the matter to August 7 to return to Lismore Local Court.
Ms Martin is required to enter a plea on the next occasion.
Hi!
You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
Thanks,
TC Team
The arrest of Harvey Weinstein feels like the beginning of what justice should look like for his accusers. It's also symbolic for survivors of sexual violence everywhere that a person of his stature has to answer for his actions. It provides hope for other people that they might have some recourse in their everyday lives. That's one of the most powerful things about this moment.
I don't think, however, that this is a moment to revel in how the mighty have fallen. It's really about the power of community and the power of survivors of sexual violence raising their voices and standing together. It wasn't one claim. It wasn't one singular voice. It was a chorus of voices that started rising little by little and crescendoed into this massive chorus. It resulted in what we saw today. And let's not forget to say the names of those who came forward as much as we speak Weinstein's name: Lucia Evans, Annabella Sciorra, Asia Argento, Mira Sorvino, Paz de la Huerta, Lupita Nyong'o, Ashley Judd, Rose McGowan and the dozens and dozens more are the real heroines.
It is easy to connect what happened to Harvey Weinstein to the Me Too movement, but this movement is more about that chorus of voices — those survivors — than it is about the Harvey Weinsteins of the world. It's about making sure the chorus of voices is always heard and seen and listened to, more so than it is about targeting anybody or having an agenda that's about taking on powerful men.
Related The Best Moments From Power of Women New York 2018 Harvey Weinstein Will Not Testify to Manhattan Grand Jury
What this case, as well as the Cosby case, also does is mark the dawn of a new understanding and a new way to talk to and engage survivors. Ronan Farrow, my friend, the journalist, often says that his work is not about believing all survivors but listening to all survivors. That is a really salient point. At the very least, we should be listening to all claims and taking seriously all claims of sexual violence and giving them as much credence as possible, as much interrogation as possible. When that happens, this can be the result.
The story that [Farrow] wrote [for The New Yorker] and what Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey wrote for The New York Times wasn't about them having the agenda of taking down Harvey Weinstein. They had the agenda of digging into the claims of numerous women who had similar accusations about one person. There was a story there to be told, and there were people who were telling it who were worthy of listening to. That's what their journalism showed us. When you listen to survivors, we can maybe have an outcome like we saw today.
Lastly, it's also really important for us to take a step back and not just look at the individuals. It's not just about Harvey Weinstein or Bill Cosby. It's about these men in positions of power who abuse their power and their privilege and use it to strip away the humanity of people. What we're also seeing is not just the fall of individuals; we're starting to chip away at the power structures that protect them by speaking our truth. These women who are standing up are literally what speaking truth to power looks like in action.
— As told to Ricardo Lopez
Tarana Burke is the founder of the original Me Too movement, begun in 2006.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Wilkes-Barre attorney David E. Schwager will be the chair of the Disciplinary Board of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.
The board advises the state Supreme Court on discipline for attorneys whose actions violate professional conduct rules. The board meets regularly to decide administrative matters, cases and policies.
Schwager will become chairman on April 1, according to a press release.
Schwager has practiced law for 28 years and has served on the board since 2012, including as a vice chairman. He is a partner at the law firm Chariton, Schwager & Malak in Wilkes-Barre and is the treasurer of the Pennsylvania Bar Association. He also holds appointments on local boards.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court appoints 11 attorneys and two people who aren't lawyers to serve unpaid, three-year terms on the board.
— BILL WELLOCK
A recent string of fires at Royal Dutch Shell's refineries, including at Europe's largest, is expected to hit the oil and gas company's third-quarter profit and deal a setback to its efforts to improve the segment's performance, Reuters reported.
Shell's refining, trading and marketing division, known as downstream, was the driver of the Anglo-Dutch company's strong recovery in profits over the past year, as soaring demand for fuels offset a sharp drop in revenue from the production of crude oil and natural gas amid a three-year price slump.
Downstream profit in the third quarter of 2017 is however expected to drop to $1.5 billion from $2.5 billion in the previous quarter due to the refinery disruptions and Hurricane Harvey, which crippled many refineries in the U.S. Gulf Coast for weeks, said Anish Kapadia, senior research analyst at investment bank Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
“We expect a bad quarter for Shell's Downstream division,” said Kapadia, who forecasts Shell's total profit to reach $2.8 billion in the quarter.
Shell declined to comment. The results are due on Nov. 2.
Running refineries, which use dozens of units to convert crude oil into fuels such as gasoline and diesel, is complex and danger-prone due to the abundance of flammable materials in a high-temperature environment.
Fires are relatively common but four instances in August and September led to prolonged and most likely costly outages for Shell due to repairs and revenue loss during the peak summer demand season.
The company's overall downstream earnings could be boosted by stronger output from its chemicals, trading and marketing operations, according to Barclays analysts, who forecast Shell's profit reaching $3.8 billion in the quarter.
The longest outage took place at Shell's 404,000 barrels per day (bpd) Pernis refinery in the Netherlands, Europe's largest, where a fire at a power unit on July 29 led to a three-week shutdown that sent gasoline and diesel prices in the region higher.
A fire at its 325,700 bpd Deer Park, Texas, refinery joint-venture on Aug. 17 caused a major outage which was prolonged by a shutdown ahead of Hurricane Harvey. The unit was planned to return to normal operations on Sept. 22.
A blaze also knocked out several units at Shell's 227,586 bpd Convent, Louisiana, refinery for a week.
Shell's 140,000 bpd site in Wesseling, Germany was also hit by a fire on Aug. 22.
In its second-quarter results, Shell said it expected refinery availability to increase in the third quarter due to lower planned maintenance.
Below target
Industry sources could not identify a common underlying cause of the four fires, but the incidents may undermine Shell's efforts to improve downstream's performance, which fell below targets last year.
“Our combined refinery and chemicals plant availability measure was below target due to increased planned and unplanned maintenance,” it said in its 2016 annual report.
That contrasts with the “outstanding” performance of Shell's oil and gas production division, known as upstream, thanks in large part to increased use of technology.
Shell's refineries have operated at higher rates than key rivals Exxon Mobil and Total over the past three years but have lagged BP, company data showed.
Utilisation rates however fell in the second quarter of the year to 91 percent from 94 percent in the previous quarter due to the sale of stakes in two refineries.
“Shell is trying to be smarter about preventing these outages, and when something happens, the organisation is very strong in fixing it,” an industry source close to Shell said.
“They've been pretty good in upstream and have made major improvements on upstream reliability, but the executive team missed their target in downstream availability last year and this year again it is not looking so good.”
Reporting by Ron Bousso, editing by David Evans
Trump, Macron To Hold Joint Press Conference During State Visit
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
President Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron will field questions from reporters on Tuesday, in between talks on the Iran nuclear deal and a lavish state dinner.
Macron is the first of two European leaders Trump is hosting this week. German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be in Washington, D.C., on Friday. Both France and Germany joined the U.S. in a six-nation pact with Iran to halt its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. Trump has threatened to pull the U.S. out of that deal. Macron and Merkel want him to stay in.
Trump's former advisers struggled to make the case for the nuclear deal, and the newest members of Trump's national security team are as skeptical of the agreement as he is. Nevertheless, Macron will argue the nuclear agreement is worth preserving.
"He's certainly expected — not only in France but in other countries of Europe — to try and convince President Trump over Iran," France's former ambassador to the U.S. Francois Bujon de l'Estang told NPR's Morning Edition on Monday.
Macron has skillfully courted Trump, inviting the U.S. president to be his guest last year at an elaborate military parade marking Bastille Day in Paris. Trump was so impressed, he ordered his own military parade this November, marking the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I.
The two presidents and their wives celebrated the wartime alliance between the U.S. and France on Monday by planting an oak tree on the South Lawn of the White House. The sapling comes from Belleau Wood, where more than 9,000 Marines died in the final months of the first world war, according to a White House statement.
Later, the two couples took a sightseeing helicopter tour of Washington, then held a private dinner at George Washington's historic Mt. Vernon estate.
Despite their evident personal chemistry, Trump and Macron have significant policy differences to discuss. In addition to the Iran nuclear deal, Macron wants a permanent exemption from the president's new steel and aluminum tariffs. And he'd like to see a more lasting commitment from the U.S. to stabilization efforts in Syria. Military forces from France and the U.K. joined the U.S. in launching air strikes on Syria earlier this month in retaliation for a suspected chemical weapons attack. But Trump is impatient to withdraw U.S. troops from that country as quickly as possible.
"What you do have are two leaders who have a great deal of respect for one another, who have a great friendship," said White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders. She added that friendship allows the two men to have "very open and candid conversations."
Sanders said she expects "a very productive and very positive state visit for both countries."
The visit will be marked by the first state dinner of the Trump administration. The White House has been decorated for the event with cherry blossoms, sweet peas and white lilacs. The menu is American with French influences: spring lamb and jambalaya.
On Wednesday, Macron is set to address a joint session of Congress.
Springfield - Noonan Energy, based in Springfield, now offers a full-service electrical division to its roster of services and has welcomed master electrician Daniel Rollend of Westfield to its team of experts to provide specialized assistance with new wiring, upgrades, repairs, and other electrical needs.
A resident of Westfield, Rollend brings over two decades of experience as an electrician throughout western Massachusetts to his role. He received an associate degree in energy system management from Springfield Technical Community College and carries a master electrical license in Massachusetts.
Examples of the types of electrical services now offered by Noonan Energy include: electrical panel/service replacements and upgrades, general residential/commercial service, broken switches, outlets, lights, etc; retrofit knob and tube wiring upgrades, installation of generators, wiring for swimming pools, and hot tubs, wiring for new homes or renovations, installation of hybrid electric water heaters.
Since it was founded in 1890, Noonan Energy has continuously offered home comfort products and services to residents throughout the Pioneer Valley. The company was started by Timothy F. Noonan as T.F. Noonan Ice Dealer, a home delivery ice dealer in Springfield and evolved through the generations to include kerosene and home heating oil. Throughout the years, the Noonan family acquired local fuel companies to grow Noonan Energy, always with the same focus on home comfort and quality service. Now in its fifth generation as a family-owned and operated company. Noonan Energy is one of the most respected names in oil-heat, offering the best in old-fashioned service coupled with the latest modern technology, with locations in Amherst, Palmer and Springfield. For more information about Noonan Energy, visit Noonanenergy.com.
Work ceases. The gyms and malls empty. Even criminals take the day off.
It's Super Bowl LII, or 52, if you're not into Roman numerals.
Tom Brady, aka Tom Terrific or Touchdown Tom, and the New England Patriots tangle with back-up quarterback Nick Foles and the underdog Philadelphia Eagles Sunday in Minneapolis. Kick-off is 3:30 p.m.
Tip your server and please don't drink and drive.
@VernonNews
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
INDIANAPOLIS -- Colts quarterback Andrew Luck acknowledged Monday that he originally injured his surgically repaired right shoulder during the 2015 season.
Luck and the Colts held off on the quarterback having surgery at the end of the 2015 season because they felt like rehab was the best route to go. But Luck decided to go ahead with the surgery this offseason after he aggravated it last season against Denver.
Editor's Picks Colts to start offseason workouts without Andrew Luck A number of new faces will be attending the first day of voluntary offseason workouts Monday. Andrew Luck will not be among the participants.
"I certainly felt like it was the right decision, which makes it easier and pulling the trigger on it easier," Luck said. "I felt very, very comfortable with the surgeon and his plan and our rehab plan here.
"This wasn't an off-the-cuff thing. I put a lot of thought, effort and plan in moving forward after the season -- talked to a lot of people and got quality information. Honestly, it wasn't too hard of a decision. It felt right."
The surgery on Luck's throwing shoulder is expected to keep him out of most of the team's nine-week offseason workout program. Neither Luck, coach Chuck Pagano nor general manager Chris Ballard have a definitive timetable on when he'll return to 100 percent.
Scott Tolzien will work with the first unit until Luck returns. Luck's goal is play in all 16 games next season.
"I made this decision based off all the information we could all find, that I could find," Luck said. "I have no regrets going to get surgery. I fully trust when the doctors say I'm 100 percent, that I'll be 100 percent no question."
Luck has shied away from talking about injuries in the past. But that changed Monday when he admitted that the injury originally occurred in the Colts' come-from-behind 35-33 victory against the Tennessee Titans in Week 3 of the 2015 season. Luck missed the next two games before returning and playing four straight games before a lacerated kidney ended his 2015 season.
Luck and the Colts decided rehabbing the shoulder was the best approach to take after that season. Owner Jim Irsay said during the team's trip to London last season that his franchise quarterback aggravated the injury while trying to make a tackle following an interception that was returned for touchdown by Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib in Week 2.
Luck, who wore a sling on his shoulder for part of the offseason, was listed as a full participant in 24 of the Colts' 48 practices last season.
"My practice schedule was different and altered -- that made things a little bit more difficult from a preparation standpoint," Luck said. "There were a couple of times during the year where I would get hit in an awkward position, in an awkward way. It wouldn't feel great and it would be a taxing effort to get ready for the next week."
Despite the injury, Luck still passed for 4,240 yards and 31 touchdowns while completing a career-high 63.5 percent of his passes in 15 games last season.
To lighten the burden of packing your luggage, the following are some clever tips to significantly help with the process. Jumia Travel, the leading online travel agency, shares 5 clever luggage tips for air travel.
Favour Soft Exterior Bags
Soft exterior bags are better because you can easily shove them to fit into available space, especially for carry-on bags. Bags with hard cases are much harder to shove, and regardless of how much you shove them in, if they don't fit they don't fit.
When Opening an Overhead Bin, Always Put Your Hands Up
This is so that you are in place to catch anything that might all of a sudden drop out of the bin, so it doesn't fall on your head or injure you. It is best to use an overhead bin in your immediate area for safety and security reasons. Even if the bin is not directly overhead to you, you should at least be able to see it from where you are seated.
Favour Thin Clothes Over the Thick Ones
Thin clothes pack flatter than thick ones. They fit easily into your suitcase, and are unlikely to make your bag weigh as heavily as thick ones do. It really makes a huge difference when you consider it. When packing, stick to travel-friendly clothing options like micro-fleece pullovers, lightweight clothing and weather-resistant fabrics. If you can't avoid traveling with heavy or bulky clothes, you can try wearing these heavy clothes on the plane or holding them in your hands. Of course, if you're going to do this, you can't carry more than one or two of such clothes along with you.
Consider Compatibility
When packing, try to let go of the idea of wearing different outfits for each day, consider compatibility instead. Compatibility is a very important key to packing lightly because it helps you select versatile and easily interchangeable pieces that will make it easier for you to pack less clothes. When packing for compatibility, try to focus first on basic colours, then add varieties with additional tops and accessories that have more colour and personality. This is help you to reduce the number of clothes you need to pack and make it easy for you to change your look by creatively mixing and matching.
Roll Your Clothes Rather Than Folding Them
Roll your clothes instead of folding them to help save space and prevent your clothes from creasing. When you roll your clothes, you'll be left with a lot more space in your travel bag or suitcase to use however you desire, and you will also prevent creasing more effectively than when you fold them.
Tampa Bay Rays outfielder Carlos Gomez is speaking out against Major League Baseball's drug testing program, claiming there is nothing "random" about it.
Gomez made his comments in Spanish following a test by MLB on Tuesday, three days after he was activated from the disabled list. He told the Tampa Bay Times in separate comments Tuesday that it was the sixth or seventh time he has been tested in the first nine weeks of this season.
"They tell you that it's random, that they do the tests randomly and those players who go out there, go and do a drug test," he said in the video posted on the Twitter page of journalist Hector Gomez, which was translated by ESPN Deportes. "Until they prove to me that it is random, I will not believe it. Because for me, it's not random. They go and choose the person they want. It's not random. If it's not that, show it to me.
"I have the greatest luck on my team, because they test me more than everyone else. I arrived now, three days after coming from the disabled list, and they are already testing me again."
Carlos Gomez is speaking out about MLB's drug testing program, saying there is nothing random about who gets chosen. AP Photo/Chris O'Meara
Gomez, 32, has been outspoken about MLB's drug-testing program this month, telling Yahoo! Sports in a podcast interview the day after Robinson Cano was suspended that the league targets older players and Latino players for testing.
An MLB spokesman told Yahoo! Sports earlier this month that its drug program is run independently and that it has no say in who is tested but maintained the testing is done at random.
Cano, the Seattle Mariners' All-Star second baseman, was suspended 80 games for violating MLB's drug policy. Cano tested positive for the diuretic furosemide. Under MLB's drug policy, a player is not automatically suspended for use of a diuretic unless MLB can prove he intended to use it as a masking agent.
He is one of three major league players suspended this season for violating the drug policy, along with Chicago White Sox catcher Welington Castillo and Minnesota Twins shortstop Jorge Polanco. All three players are from the Dominican Republic.
Gomez, a two-time All-Star who also hails from the Dominican Republic, has never tested positive for drugs in his 12-season career.
"I am not afraid. Do all the tests that you want. Keep doing it to me," Gomez said. "But I say it clearly, it's not random, because it's not. And I'm not going to keep quiet, because I've earned my position here."
Dustin Armbruster
Hays High took back to the road in Abilene on Tuesday night to play one of the few fellow 4A opponents they see all season long. For the girls it was only the second 4A opponent they had played for the boys it was the third of four. The Abilene boys entered the night #7 in 4A-I and Hays boys at #9 in 4A-I.
Girls
Hays 52 – Abilene 56
Hays hit five of their first seven shots and their only three pointers of the quarter to build up an 18-10 lead after the first quarter. The Indians shot 53% in the first half and built their lead to a high of 13 points at 29-16 with 4:32 left in second quarter. The Indians only scored two free throws in the remaining time of the quarter and were outscored by Abilene 11-2, cutting the Hays lead down to 31-27 at halftime.
Highlights
https://www.hayspost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/HHG-Highlights-2-14-17-Final.wav
Abilene continued their long run through the third quarter outscoring Hays 12-6. The Indians made just one of six shots in the quarter and turned the ball over seven times. Abilene entered the fourth quarter leading 39-37. The Indians scoring drought continued until the final six minutes of the game. Trailing by nine on three occasions, Hays found a 11-4 run to get back with two at 54-52 with 1:13 remaining. Hays would never get closer, but did have a chance with the ball down by three but turned it over. Abilene made just 12 of their final six free throws, but hold on to win 56-52.
Coach Kirk Maska
https://www.hayspost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/Coach-HHG-2-14-17.wav
Savannah Schneider led the Indians with 16, Jaycee Dale scored a career high 15 and Mattie Hutchison added 11. McKenzie Funston led all scoring with 21 for Abilene. Hays falls to 9-8 and have dropped four straight. Abilene is now 12-6.
Boys
Hays 44 – Abilene 48
Each team used a first quarter run to end in a 12-11 score in favor of Hays after the first eight minutes. Abilene opened with a 7-2 run, then Hays answered with a 9-4 run. Neither team gained much traction in the second quarter. Hays led a majority of the quarter with the biggest lead at 16-13. Abilene took a two point lead at 18-16 before Hays scored the final four points of the quarter capped by two Xander Swayne free throws with one and a half seconds left for 20-18 halftime lead.
Highlights
https://www.hayspost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/HHB-Highlights-2-14-17-Final.wav
Hays opened the second half on a 9-2 run to build their lead to it's highest at 29-20. Abilene cut the lead down two four twice before the Indians went back up by seven at 35-28. Abilene closed the third quarter and began the fourth on a 15-2 run, taking the lead for good at 43-37. Hays had three shots in the final minute to tie or take the lead, but missed and Abilene made their final four free throws to hold on 48-44.
Coach Rick Keltner
https://www.hayspost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/Coach-HHB-2-14-17.wav
Hays falls to 10-6 on the season and has dropped three games in a row, all against state ranked opponents. Claiborne Kyles led the Indians with 17. Abilene improves to 15-3, led by the 14 of Parker Base.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Matt Cardle has issued a stark warning to fellow Tramadol addict Ant McPartlin, if he wants to recover from his recent troubles.
According to Matt, who turned to prescription drugs after losing his record contract, Ant's best hope of overcoming his demons is to give up his glittering TV career.
Ant already pulled out of the last two episodes of Saturday Night Takeaway and announced he wouldn't be appearing in the live Britain's Got Talent finals this year while he seeks treatment in rehab.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Getty Images))
In an interview with the Daily Star, Matt advised Ant needs to continue putting himself above his showbiz commitments.
"The last thing Ant needs to worry about is his career or getting back to work. I know there's pressure to get back on TV because of how good Ant and Dec are as presenters.
“But he needs to focus on his health and forget about his career because that's the only way he will get better," said the former X Factor winner.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
After triumphing on the X Factor in 2010, Matt endured a very public downfall that led a dependency on prescription drugs, which he later said took four years to recover from.
"I went away fishing and basically didn't pick up my phone for three months after rehab," said Matt.
While the singer didn't defend Ant's recent drink-driving charge, he said Ant shouldn't feel guilty about his struggle with alcoholism.
"Addiction is such a slippery snake and it can get hold of you so easily," he warned.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Earlier this month Ant was slapped with a £86,000 fine after he was found twice over the legal limit after emerging from the wreckage of his car following a three-vehicle smash.
Following Ant's conviction at Wimbledon Magistrates Court, he has headed back to rehab to confront his demons.
A spokesperson for the Saturday Night Takeaway star confirmed to Mirror Online that Ant was back in rehab and focusing on his health.
They added: "There will be no further comment about this story now, and we ask media to finally move on and let Ant get on with his treatment."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Guanghui Energy Co Ltd:
* SAYS IT SETS INVESTMENT PLAN OF 5.53 BILLION YUAN ($880.29 million) IN 2018, FINANCING OF UP TO 13 BILLION YUAN Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2E6OSNP Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2820 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CAHOKIA, III. – Two young men surrendered to police in a deadly shooting in Cahokia.
The two turned themselves on Tuesday night to East St. Louis police and the Major Case Squad took them into custody.
The shooting happened around 7:20 pm Monday evening the quiet neighborhood on Westwood Drive in Cahokia.
A 15-year-old boy was killed Monday evening after the shooting. Two other minors were critically injured and taken to the local hospital.
The Cahokia Police Department, St. Clair County Sheriff's Department, and the Major Case Squad of Greater St. Louis are all investigating this triple shooting.
5 Things that must happen at NJPW Wrestle Kingdom 11
A huge night for New Japan Pro Wrestling could set the scene for 2017.
@pratyayghSK by Pratyay Ghosh Preview 02 Jan 2017, 12:46 IST
Wrestle Kingdom 11 will showcase the best that NJPW has to offer
It's finally 2017 and that means that it's time to kick off the year with New Japan Pro Wrestling's 4th of January show at the Tokyo Dome – this year's iteration being Wrestle Kingdom 11.
Also Read: NJPW Wrestle Kingdom 11: Results, Predictions and Full Match Card Analysis
This year's Tokyo Dome show may be missing the raw star power of previous years but the card is stacked with a host of exciting matchups and two massive headliners – Kenny Omega challenging Kazuchika Okada for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship and Tetsuya Naito defending his IWGP Intercontinental Championship against the “Ace” of New Japan, Hiroshi Tanahashi.
Wednesday's show will have huge implications for New Japan over the coming year as they try to vest away WWE's growing influence in the region and reassert dominance. They need to start 2017 off with a bang and WK11 is set to deliver. Let's take a look at 5 things that must happen at Wrestle Kingdom 11.
5: Young Bucks must lose the Jr. Heavyweight Tag-Team Championships and rise to the main Tag-Team Division
The Young Bucks will look to rise up the NJPW card in 2017
Matt and Nick Jackson have revolutionized tag-team wrestling, for better or for worse, over the last few years and are by far the most popular tag-team outside the WWE's umbrella.
As of now, the current IWGP Jr. Heavyweight Tag-Team champions have held their titles for over 200 days but The Bucks deserve so much better. Their slightly childish antics don't go down as well in the Far East as it does in the States and they've been condemned to NJPW's Junior Heavyweight tag division instead of the main division.
At Wrestle Kingdom 11, it should finally be time for Matt and Nick Jackson to get elevated to the heavyweight tag-team division after dropping their belts to Roppongi Vice. If New Japan don't give the Bucks their due, they'll eventually leave for the greener pastures of the WWE.
Last August, reports surfaced that the Denver Broncos were receiving trade calls about Pro Bowl safety T.J. Ward.
The team probably let those leaks get out in hopes of driving up interest in Ward, but the strategy didn't work. The Broncos ultimately released Ward after failing to find any trade partners.
Just a few months after buzz about Ward was initially reported, new reports suggest that Denver is now willing to trade cornerback Aqib Talib. Broncos fans have been down this road before.
The team likely doesn't want to pay Talib, Chris Harris and Bradley Roby a combined $27 million in 2018 (especially if they plan to sign quarterback Kirk Cousins), so trading away a 32-year-old Talib would make sense.
Will there be interest, though?
Surely, some team will be willing to pay $11 million for Talib this season, right? Perhaps, but if they expect Denver to eventually cut the veteran cornerback, why trade for him?
ESPN's Jeff Legwold reported earlier this week that three NFL general managers told him they wouldn't trade for Talib because they believe the team will be forced to release him.
Some food for thought but asked three GMs at Senior Bowl if they would trade for Aqib Talib — $12M against cap in '18, $8M against cap in '19 — all three answered "no" and they believed Broncos would release Talib because dead money charge is $1M so why surrender any picks — Jeff Legwold (@Jeff_Legwold) January 28, 2018
Of course, all it takes is one interested team for the Broncos to be able to make a trade, but that's not guaranteed to happen (just like it didn't happen with Ward).
Related Von Miller says Broncos need to sign Kirk Cousins
Intel's CEO is the latest executive to leave one of Trump's advisory councils in the wake of the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, which many felt was inadequately addressed by the president and his administration.
In a post on Policy@Intel, the company's public policy blog, Brian Krzanich wrote that he resigned from the American Manufacturing Council on Monday “to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues, including the serious need to address the decline of American manufacturing.”
He then specifically addressed the events in Charlottesville, which led to three deaths, including that of Heather Heyer, who among a group of people counter-protesting neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and white supremacists gathered to protest the removal of a statute of Confederate general Robert E. Lee.
“I have already made clear my abhorrence at the recent hate-spawned violence in Charlottesville, and earlier today I called on all leaders to condemn the white supremacists and their ilk who marched and committed violence. I resigned because I wanted to make progress, while many in Washington seem more concerned with attacking anyone who disagrees with them. We should honor—not attack—those who have stood up for equality and other cherished American values. I hope this will change, and I remain willing to serve when it does.”
Earlier on Monday, Krzanich joined the many people voicing their concern that the current administration, and especially President Trump, took an unacceptably weak stand against the white supremacy rally and racist violence in Charlottesville, tweeting “There should be no hesitation in condemning hate speech or white supremacy by name. #Intel asks all our countries leadership to do the same”
There should be no hesitation in condemning hate speech or white supremacy by name. #Intel asks all our countries leadership to do the same — Brian Krzanich (@bkrunner) August 14, 2017
Krzanich's announcement comes a few hours after the resignations of Under Armour founder and chief executive Kevin Plank and Merck Pharma chief executive Kenneth C. Frazier from the manufacturing council.
They are the latest executives who have resigned from presidential advisory councils in protest over Trump's actions.
Tesla chief executive Elon Musk and Disney chief executive Bob Iger stepped down from councils in June after Trump withdrew from the Paris Climate Accord. Four months earlier, Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick and Hint Water chief executive Kara Goldin quit their advisory roles in response to Trump's executive order on immigration.
Executives who remain on the manufacturing council currently include Andy Liveris from Dow Chemical, Michael Dell of Dell Technologies, Jeff Immelt of General Electric, Denise Morrison of Campbell's Soup Co., and Denis Muilenberg of Boeing.
Featured Image: Ethan Miller / Staff/Getty Images
A FINANCIAL planning firm impersonated a Fair Work Commissioner in six phone calls to her superannuation funds and later described her as "aggressive" and "nitpicking" after she lodged a formal complaint over dodgy advice that, if implemented, would have cost her more than half a million dollars.
The Banking Royal Commission on Tuesday heard from Fair Work Commissioner Donna McKenna, who approached financial planner Sam Henderson from Henderson Maxwell in 2016 for advice ahead of the government's 1 July 2017 superannuation changes.
Despite repeatedly saying she was not interested in setting up a self-managed superannuation fund (SMSF), Ms McKenna said the statement of advice she received recommended she roll her superannuation into an SMSF, sell her shares and investments and invest all of her money with Henderson Maxwell's managed fund product.
"I thought [the recommendations] were risible," she told the Commission. "I remember saying to my son, 'I can't believe this, I've been to see the Financial Planner of the Year and this is what you get.'
"I thought if I went to an independently owned financial planning firm that I wouldn't be subjected to the product flogging of the type associated with the big banks, and yet all I'm being flogged is Henderson Maxwell's own products and services. I all but threw the advice in the bin at that stage."
The most egregious error in the advice was the recommendation that she roll over her State Authorities Superannuation Scheme (SASS). Had she done so before the retirement age of 58, she would have immediately forfeited $500,000.
Mr Henderson told the Commission the error arose because he mistakenly believed Ms McKenna was on a defined benefit scheme, as opposed to a deferred benefit scheme - despite his employee phoning the super fund while pretending to be Ms McKenna and being given the correct information.
Audio recordings provided to Ms McKenna by her two funds - SASS and the Public Sector Superannuation Accumulation Plan (PSSap) - after she lodged a formal complaint with the Financial Planning Association, were played to the Commission.
In one call, the Henderson Maxwell employee can be heard speaking to a SASS representative identifying herself as "Donna McKenna".
"Hi, I was wondering if I could get some information, please, on my member number, I've been given some questions to ask and I know I hold a defined benefit," she says.
Financial planner Sam Henderson.
After providing Ms McKenna's personal details, she goes on to ask what her lump sum payout would be if she accessed her funds early, and is informed of the $500,000 difference.
"Right, so OK, and if I wait till the age of 58 ... all right, yes, okay, I think that's about it that I need, thank you," she says.
Senior counsel assisting Rowena Orr QC asked Mr Henderson whether it was "standard for your employees to impersonate your clients and seek information about their superannuation accounts".
"No, absolutely not," Mr Henderson said. "I was horrified. It was most definitely the wrong thing to do. I was bitterly disappointed that someone would do that under my responsibility."
He added that the decision was ultimately made not to sack the employee.
"Instead we gave her a warning. It was borderline. In hindsight I should have persisted with my gut reaction," he said.
Ms McKenna was refunded her $4950 upfront fee, but had she signed on with Henderson Maxwell would have paid more than $3000 in additional brokerage fees plus an ongoing investment management fee of $14,642 - compared with the roughly $2800 she was paying through her super fund.
The Commission heard that 84 per cent of Henderson Maxwell's funds under management were with its own managed fund product. "Do you consider that you conducted a reasonable investigation into the financial products that might best achieve Ms McKenna's objectives?" Ms Orr asked.
"Yes, I do actually," Mr Henderson said. "We do consider all options for clients. I felt that in the first meeting we discussed what those options were, and collectively came to the agreement that a SMSF was suitable for Ms McKenna."
In his official response to the FPA to Ms McKenna's complaint, Mr Henderson hit out at her "barrage of aggressive and presumptive accusations" and added "I feel I've made every effort to attempt to satisfy Ms McKenna in finding an amicable solution to her issues without financial or other return to myself or my business".
"You then refer to things you have read in the press about Ms McKenna's role as a Fair Work Commissioner, in a highly critical way," Ms Orr said.
Describing her as "aggressive and nitpicking", Mr Henderson's letter said Ms McKenna had "approached this situation with extreme hostility" and treated him with the "utmost disdain".
In a subsequent email to the FPA, he described the incident as "a storm in a teacup" and said his "response before I went on holidays was exclusively for the FPA's benefit and not Donna McKenna" and that he would "appreciate" if his comments were not shared with her.
"Is it really nitpicking for Ms McKenna to make a complaint after receiving advice that would have cost her half a million dollars?" Ms Orr asked.
"No," Mr Henderson said. "That was clearly not a professional email."
frank.chung@news.com.au
Do Darya murder case
Staff Reporter
Police submitted the final charge sheet in the murder case of 18-year-old Zafir Zubairi, who was gunned down in Karachi's Do Darya area last year, to a judicial magistrate on Monday.
Prime accused Khawar Burney, his guard Abdul Rehman, his three underage brothers — Haider Hussain Burney, Hasan Hussain Burney and Hasnain Hussain Burney — as well as several absconding accomplices have been booked for the murder of Zubairi.
Zubairi was on his way to breakfast with friends near Seaview on Dec 3 when he hit motorcyclist Dr Abdul Raheem, who had been racing his motorcycle on Abdul Sattar Edhi Avenue.
After Zubairi and his friend fled the site of the accident, Raheem's entourage which was travelling in a Vigo chased and opened indiscriminate fire on their car.
Police with the help of eyewitnesses had identified Khawar as the prime suspect in the case and said that he, along with the other suspects, had gunned down the teenager and injured his friend.
Police, in the charge sheet presented in court today, framed charges of murder, intent to kill, carrying of unlicensed weapons and damaging of public property against all the suspects in the case. In a previous hearing of the case, Hammad, the man whose motorcycle Dr Raheem was riding at the time of the accident, ran away from court after the judicial magistrate cancelled his interim bail. The police have been unable to arrest the suspect since then.
At the moment, three of the five key suspects in the case are in police custody while two others — including Hammad — are absconding from court.
TBS has grabbed linear rerun rights to the Fox comedy “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” from Universal Television.
The Andy Samberg starrer is in now in its fifth season on Fox. The show has had a streaming syndication pact in place with Hulu since 2014.
The single-camera comedy set in a busy NYC police precinct is a good fit with the off-center tone of TBS' growing roster of original comedies. The series hails from “Parks and Recreation” alums Michael Schur and Dan Goor.
“ ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine' is a beloved comedy series driven by a talented ensemble cast, which will be an excellent complement to TBS' slate of character-driven programs,” said Michael Quigley, exec VP of commercial operations, content strategy and monetization for TBS and TNT. “We are delighted to welcome creators Dan Goor and Michael Schur's television family to their second home on cable.”
TBS will carry “Brooklyn” episodes on Thursdays from 7-11 p.m. starting Jan. 4. The show will also be available for authenticated streaming via the TBS app.
“I couldn't be more excited that the ultimate detectives slash geniuses of Brooklyn's 99 are coming to TBS, home of the ultimate TV fans slash humans,” said Goor.
Goor and Schur are executive producers of “Brooklyn” along with 3 Arts Entertainment's David Miner and Luke Del Tredici. Andre Braugher, Terry Crews, Stephanie Beatriz, Melissa Fumero, and Joe Lo Truglio also star.
Insider
Giancarlo Stanton, who led MLB in home runs last season, joins Aaron Judge and a Yankees lineup that smashed a league-leading 241 homers last season. There will be fireworks in the Bronx in 2018. (0:44)
As offseasons go, this had been a slow one, with none of the top free agents finding new homes and only a couple of trades with any long-term significance. A big part of that reason was this month's big fantasy drama: the Quest for Giancarlo Stanton. After more than a week of the Cardinals and Giants unsuccessfully trying to persuade the reigning NL MVP to sanctify arrangements with the Marlins, the Yankees swept in at the last second and finally got the thumbs-up.
We talked a lot about Stanton's possible new homes in our feature late last month discussing the benefits and hurdles to a Stanton acquisition for 10 teams, including the Giants, Cardinals and Yankees.
More on the Giancarlo Stanton deal • Bye-bye, Baby Bombers! Adding Stanton signals return of the Evil Empire Marchand »
New York's challenge coming into this trade was -- unusually for the Yankees -- a payroll issue. The team would very much like to get below the luxury-tax threshold for a year because of some craggy rules in the collective bargaining agreement that are too long to go into here. However, the Yankees figured out how to avoid this obstacle by sending Starlin Castro and his $10 million 2018 salary to Miami, resulting in just a $15 million boost to the payroll next season. This leaves the Yankees some room to do other things this offseason.
Some game-used items from the World Series commanded big bucks from bidders in auctions offered by Major League Baseball that closed Monday night.
The top item was the first base used for the final two innings of Game 7 of the 2016 World Series, in which the Cubs won their first title since 1908. That base sold for $101,237, the most ever paid at auction for a baseball base.
The second base that was used in the ninth inning of Game 5 at Wrigley Field, when the Cubs won their first World Series game at home since 1945, went for $43,025.
The Cubs' on-deck circle used for games 1, 2, 6 and 7 topped $20,000.
Not everything was for Cubs fans.
Jon Lester's wild-pitch ball that brought in two runs in the form of Carlos Santana and Jason Kipnis in the fifth -- and gave the Indians a 5-3 lead in Game 7 -- sold for more than $10,000.
The items were authenticated by Major League Baseball and auctioned by the league on its website.
WEST SPRINGFIELD - A armed male, fleeing police Thursday night following a domestic dispute with his girlfriend, shot himself in the head on the traffic island near the Memorial Avenue Dunkin' Donuts, killing himself instantly, police said.
Police Chief Ronald P Campurciani, speaking Friday morning, said the incident remains under investigation. Police have not released the name of the male.
Campurciani said the incident began at a local restaurant. The girlfriend told police that her boyfriend, who had access to a handgun, was upset and wanted to harm her and himself.
While police were talking with her, the suspect, still at the scene, took off in his vehicle at a high rate of speed.
Police pursued the male south on Route 5. He then drove through a construction site on Memorial Bridge, causing two of his tires to blow out.
Campurciani said the suspect continued to drive, eventually stopping at Bresnahan Street and Memorial Avenue.
The male got out of the vehicle and ran back towards the Memorial Bridge rotary. When he reached the traffic island across from the Dunkin' Donuts, he took out a handgun and fired one shot, killing himself instantly, Campurciani said.
The incident, according to police radio reports, began about 10:20 p.m. A police officer reported a gunshot at about 10:47 p.m.
The incident is being investigated by the West Springfield Police Detective Bureau and the Massachusetts State Police assigned to the Hampden County District Attorney's office.
Reporter Dave Canton contributed to this story.
(Reuters) - Following are five big themes likely to dominate the thinking of investors and traders in the coming week and the Reuters stories related to them.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., December 6, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
1/FED UP
It's a monster week for central bank meetings across the globe.
The third Federal Reserve interest rate rise of the year is due Wednesday, with markets hungry to hear how many more might be in the pipeline for next year while they flatten the yield curve on fears over just how aggressive the FOMC might be.
Fed chair Janet Yellen may well wax lyrical alongside the dot plots, but the fact she won't be around to see 2018 through means a certain amount of fog descends. Investors are also trying to figure out just how much gasoline the big Trump tax cuts throw on a nicely blazing economy.
Europe's top two - the ECB and Bank of England - hold their final meetings of the year on Thursday, though it's highly unlikely either will rock the boat policy-wise. For the BoE, that's partly because visibility on the Brexit-bound UK economy stretches only to the end of its nose.
Emerging markets will see the real action. Russia is expected to trim its rates again with inflation there at a record low, but Turkey should and Mexico could go the other way. Indonesia, Colombia, Ukraine and Philippines also hold rate meetings.
2/LOOKING TO THE FUTURES
Bitcoin fans saw the cryptocurrency blast past $19,000 and then promptly plunge 20 percent to this week but are salivating over the potential for some longed-for legitimacy when futures trading launches this weekend.
The first Cboe exchange trades should print Sunday night at 2300 GMT (6 p.m. EST), followed a week later on CME Group's CME exchange and Nasdaq next year.
Traders are speculating what all this will do to the hyperactive price moves. Since August 2011, bitcoin has averaged a daily price change of nearly 3 percent, up or down. That compares to less than 0.5 percent for the euro-dollar rate since the euro's introduction in 1999.
3/FROM ME TO EU
Britain and the EU reached an 11th-hour deal on Friday covering the Irish border question that allows the second phase of Brexit negotiations, on future trade relations, to proceed. It was a typical European fudge, pushing the tough negotiations on the details of what will be extremely complex trade and regulatory issues into next year.
Sterling initially rallied to a 6-month high against the euro but then slumped, posting its biggest daily fall in two weeks against the euro and three weeks against the dollar. Sterling trading is becoming increasingly choppy - the difference between sterling/dollar volatility and euro/dollar last week was the widest since the UK general election in June.
The pound will remain highly sensitive to Brexit headlines and official commentary next week too despite Friday's breakthrough. Next up is the EU leaders' summit in Brussels on Dec. 14-15.
4/The WEAKEST LINKS
Crunchtime looms for Turkey and South Africa, the emerging market weak links. Turkey's central bank should deliver at least 100 basis points in policy tightening at its Dec. 14 meeting to counter double-digit inflation and keep foreigners keen on its bonds. Any less and the lira may slide back to record lows against the dollar - it is currently 4 percent off that level
South African markets will likewise be volatile ahead of the ruling ANC party's Dec. 16-20 conference to elect a new leader. Expectations of a victory for businessman Cyril Ramaphosa have lifted South African markets but these gains could reverse should his rival Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma take the lead in polls. The outcome of the vote could determine direction for the rand and central bank policy.
Bond yields in both countries have surged this year in contrast to broader emerging markets where yields are down - average Turkish yields at 12.5 percent are double the emerging market average, while South African bonds pay 9.8 percent.
5/EXERTING SOME DELEVERAGE
China is due to release key data next week including industrial output, retail figures, investment, house prices and the latest loan growth numbers.
The big question most economists and investors are asking about China at the moment is whether Beijing can achieve its main aim of deleveraging - and making the financial sector less risky - but at the same time keep economic growth on its steady glide path.
For EM equities followers there is also the spiralling influence of Tencent and Alibaba which are now so outsized in some of the key global EM stocks indices that the merest sniff of a slowdown in the world's number two economy could cause trouble.
PROPOSALS for a new pub and housing opposite the IKEA store in Calcot have met with objection.
Joint applicants Carter Lauren Construction Ltd, Marston's PLC and W Cumber & Son (Theale) Ltd have applied to build the 150-cover pub restaurant on the junction of the A4 and Dorking Way, directly opposite the retail park.
The plans also include 28 homes on the land, which was identified for 35 homes in West Berkshire Council's ‘preferred' housing sites list.
The applicants state that the scheme will add “a positive and much-needed contribution to housing land supply” in the area, on a sustainable site as Theale station and bus routes are located nearby.
They add that the Marston's business is family-orientated, and is the plan is considered to complement and provide facilities for the proposed housing.
However, some residents disagree and have lodged 14 objections with West Berkshire Council.
Objectors say that the development will result in a loss of privacy and additional noise will be generated from the pub, which some fear could result in a rise
in anti-social behaviour and crime.
They add that extra traffic would create a safety hazard at the busy junction on the A4; some going as far to point out IKEA shoppers being stuck in the car park for more than three hours.
Other objections say that another pub in Calcot – Murdoch's – had closed owing to lack of custom and developers were looking to convert the building into housing.
However, two people have written in support of the plans, saying that the pub would bring “greater community focus” in an area lacking pubs and provide much-needed housing.
The 28 homes are to be split between 16 three-bed houses and 12 two-bed flats, proposed as affordable housing and fulfilling the council's 40 per cent quota.
Fifty-eight car parking spaces have been proposed for the pub, while two spaces are proposed for each house and 21 for the flats.
Access will be via Dorking Way.
The site also lies in an area at low-risk of flooding.
Mars Rover Curiosity's Panoramic Photo Depicts Its Epic Journey
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS
Here's a reminder that while you are out in the world buying groceries, picking up dry cleaning or catching up on The Crown, NASA's Mars rover Curiosity is on the red planet doing work.
The nuclear-powered mobile science laboratory has been slowly roving across the surface of Mars since 2012, searching for evidence of the conditions that once made the planet capable of sustaining life. And earlier this week, while on a brief break from mountain climbing, Curiosity sent home a giant batch of photos showing what the rover has been up to over the last three months.
Mars mission members stitched together those images — taken from a vantage point of more than 1000 feet above the floor of the Gale Crater, where the rover first landed — to create this panoramic image:
The view from "Vera Rubin Ridge" on the north flank of Mount Sharp encompasses much of the 11-mile route the rover has driven from its 2012 landing site, all inside Gale Crater. Jet Propulsion Laboratory YouTube
"Even though Curiosity has been steadily climbing for five years, this is the first time we could look back and see the whole mission laid out below us," Curiosity Project Scientist Ashwin Vasavada of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, in Pasadena, Calif., said in a statement.
"From our perch on Vera Rubin Ridge, the vast plains of the crater floor stretch out to the spectacular mountain range that forms the northern rim of Gale Crater," said Vasavada. The rover photographed the scene shortly before northern Mars' winter solstice, a season of clear skies, gaining a sharp view of distant details.
Curiosity's impressive panorama stretches across more than 30 miles and shows the route that the rover has taken since 2012.
Curiosity will soon go back to its previous work of drilling for soil samples, this time along the Vera Rubin Ridge. Drilling has been on hold while mission members at JPL figured out how to work around a mechanical problem with stabilizer points of the drill that appeared in late 2016. It seems the California team has come up with a solution that does not require using the stabilizing points, and instead moves the whole drill forward by motion of the robotic arm.
JPL is also preparing for the launch in May of a new lander called InSight. It'll be the first interplanetary launch from the West Coast. The trip to Mars takes about six months and once it's on the planet the lander will begin studying the deep interior of Mars. Using an ultra-sensitive seismometer it will listen for seismic waves bouncing through the planet created by marsquakes. That allows scientists to study what the rocky planet is made of.
Scientists have been interested in learning about the geological activity of Mars for some time, as Space.com reports, "both for the sake of science and for anyone who might go there."
"With NASA striving to take humans back to the Moon and onto Mars and beyond, understanding the geologic activity of the planet can aid in future mission planning," David Ferrill of the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio, Texas, explained.
Classic cars destroyed at Country Classic Cars Enlarge Photo
More than 150 classic cars were damaged or utterly destroyed after a fire broke out at Country Classic Cars in Staunton, Illinois. Thankfully, it seems most of the cars residing in the facility were for sale, meaning owners aren't mourning the loss of their classic metal. Still, it's an unfortunate event.
The Telegraph reports firefighters were called to the blaze around 8:10 p.m. on August 8th. By the time first responders had arrived, the blaze had already engulfed a major portion of the 510-foot long by 50-foot wide building. Firefighters say a quarter of the structure was already on fire when they arrived.
The flames continued to spread, only to go unchecked when firefighters ran out of water to battle the blaze. Around 100 firefighters from 13 different departments eventually responded and mutual-aid tankers arrived. Due to the classic-car dealerships' rural location, the nearest fire hydrant was a mile away.
A quick search of Country Classic Cars' inventory shows a variety of vehicles offered for sale. They ranged from vintage 1920s automobiles to low-mileage Japanese imports and American muscle cars. It's unclear which vehicles were destroyed in the fire. Fire officials say the vehicles housed inside the facility certainly fueled the fire as fuel, cloth, and rubber ignited.
Now, officials will attempt to decipher from where the fire originated, though it may prove difficult since the blaze was so far along and extensive by the time firefighters arrived on the scene.
For most of us, it's sad to see precious cars gone much too soon.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
Tennis fraternity comes together to hail Somdev Devvarman's contributions
SP Misra, Yuki Bhambri, Ramkumar Ramanathan, Saketh Myneni and Sania Mirza all came out to pay their tributes to Somdev.
@whynotkundu by Sagnik Kundu News 02 Jan 2017, 18:31 IST
Somdev announced his retirement on Sunday
What's the story?
The Indian tennis fraternity today, came together to acknowledge the contributions of Somdev Devvarman to the sport in the country and the benchmarks he has set for the up and coming youngsters.
Somdev, earlier, announced his retirement from the sport on New Year's Day on Twitter. The 31-year-old tennis star represented India in the prestigious Davis Cup and was a part of many memorable victories.
The likes of SP Misra, Yuki Bhambri, Ramkumar Ramanathan, Saketh Myneni and Sania Mirza all came out to pay their tributes to Somdev as they expressed their surprise at the tennis star's early retirement.
“For me, he is the best Davis Cupper in singles that I have seen. There are greats like Ramanathan and Ramesh Krishnan and Leander Paes but when I started playing I have seen him. He pushed us and showed us the way. We now how difficult it has become today when the courts are slow the balls are heavy and he sustained there. He set a benchmark for us,” said Yuki Bhambri.
In case you didn't know…
Somdev was by far India's most successful singles player of the current generation. He turned pro in 2008 and within three years, in July 2011, he achieved a career-high ranking of 62. His best performances came in the ATP 250 events in Chennai in 2009 and in Johannesburg in 2011, where he finished as the runners-up. Of course, he scripted many famous wins on the Challenger circuit as well.
His record in the 14 Davis Cup ties that he featured in stands at 14 wins and 10 defeats in singles.
The heart of the matter
The former captain of the Indian Davis Cup team, SP Misra lauded Somdev's fitness as he told PTI, “Indian players can learn from him how to be so fit. He was a fitness freak. He played some great matches in Davis Cup. People can take a leaf out of his book. He also played some great matches at the Asian Games as well. His contribution to Indian tennis is tremendous.”
Misra also singled out the ties against Chinese Taipei and Serbia, where Somdev beat Lu and Janko Tipsarevic, as his standout performances. “We made it to the World Group twice and that was his major contribution,” Misra said.
Myneni, who is the highest ranked Indian in the world at 192, said, “The kind of champion he is I thought he will give it one more shot. It's a challenge for us also now to fill in those shoes.”
Ramkumar Ramanathan said, “Players will come and go but having Somdev around was very encouraging. He always helped me with his advice. He was very easy going.”
Sania Mirza also congratulated Somdev on his career earlier today.
What next?
Somdev's retirement leaves a huge hole in the Indian team, one that needs to be filled sooner rather than later. The youngsters have their task cut out for them. It is high time they pull up their socks and perform at the highest level.
For Somdev, it is possible that he could take up a coaching role in India or overseas but he has not yet shed light on his future.
Sportskeeda's take
That the youngsters realise the importance of Somdev is in itself a huge positive. Many other upcoming players will be looking to take his place in the team. These are indeed exciting times to be a tennis fan in this country.
Tweet speak
Starting 2017 on a new note, retiring from pro tennis. Thanks to everyone for the love and support over the years. #newyearnewbeginnings — Somdev Devvarman (@SomdevD) January 1, 2017
Somdev Devvarman announces retirement from professional tennis@SomdevD Well Played,India is proud of you brother
Best wishes for future pic.twitter.com/rqJc7xIanS — Surendra Poonia (@MajorPoonia) January 1, 2017
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for today. Wochit
Diandre Polk (Photo: DELAWARE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE/SUBMITTED)
A Wilmington man has been charged with attempted murder in a 2017 robbery-turned-shooting in the city.
Diandre L. Polk, 21, was indicted earlier this week on charges of first-degree attempted murder, first-degree conspiracy, second-degree conspiracy, attempted robbery and weapons charges tied to the Sept. 24 shooting of a man on the 2400 block of N. Monroe St.
Video surveillance shows Polk approached the victim with an unnamed accomplice who was brandishing a handgun, according to an affidavit of probable cause outlining evidence for Polk's arrest.
The accomplice pushed the victim to the ground and struck him in the head with the gun before Polk began to rummage through the victim's pockets, court documents state.
STORY: Former Delaware Catholic priest charged in 25-year-old child rape case
STORY: Selbyville man sentenced to 25 years for child rape
The victim then stood up and attempted to walk toward his vehicle, police said. Someone at the scene told police Polk told his accomplice "hit him" before the man shot the victim in the torso, court documents state.
The victim survived. It is unclear whether the triggerman has been arrested or charged. His name is not in court documents associated with Polk's case.
A trial date has not been set.
Contact Xerxes Wilson at (302) 324-2787 or xwilson@delawareonline.com. Follow @Ber_Xerxes on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/02/02/diandre-polk-charged-attempted-murder-wilmington-shooting/302725002/
YERUSHALAYIM -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 5:37 pm |
Former head of the Shin Bet, Yuval Diskin. (Miriam Alster/ Flash90)
The pressure was back on Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu on Monday as local media reported on the next round of police questioning and a prominent critic in Israel took aim at the embattled premier.
In his next interrogation session, Netanyahu will be asked about suspicions that he tried to obstruct one of the investigations against him, Hadashot said on Monday night, citing judicial sources.
Suspicions are said to focus on an allegation that Netanyahu instructed Nir Hefetz, his former media adviser now state's witness, to delete incriminating text messages relating to Case 4000, involving illegal attempts to influence the media.
The prime minister, his wife and son Yair are slated to be questioned by police about their involvement in Case 4000 in the next few days.
The Prime Minister's Office struck back at the report, denouncing yet another instance of leaking information from the ongoing probes against him:
“Leaking materials from the investigation, even if they are false accusations, is the real attempt to obstruct the investigation. The prime minister always comported himself lawfully,” the statement said.
Meanwhile, former Shin Bet chief Yuval Diskin said on Monday that the country has “lost its way” under Netanyahu.
“I feel that the country has lost its way,” Diskin told a business conference in Tel Aviv. “It has become very populist, without direction, vision and ideology, and its leadership is utterly lacking in personal example.”
In addition, Diskin derided Netanyahu's aversion to military conflict. “I know how much of a coward Bibi is, so I can rest assured that he won't go on any adventures,” Diskin, a frequent critic, said, implying that Netanyahu won't deliberately provoke war with Israel's neighbors to distract attention from his legal troubles.
Diskin headed the Shin Bet from 2005 to 2011, under Prime Ministers Ariel Sharon, Ehud Olmert and Binyamin Netanyahu.
Apple and Aetna have held several secret meetings to discuss offering the Apple Watch to Aetna's 23 million customers, according to CNBC.
These meetings, held on Thursday and Friday of last week in Southern California, reportedly involved top executives from both companies, including Myoung Cha, who is in charge of Apple's special health projects, and hospital chief medical information officers from across the country.
Aetna could roll out the plan as early as next year, according to a CNBC source.
This is not the first time Apple has joined up with the health insurance company. Aetna already offers the Apple Watch to its 50,000 employees. Aetna also announced last September it would be offering the Apple Watch to select large employers and these talks could be an extension of that announcement.
Aetna now reportedly has ambitions to offer it to a wider field — adding large swaths of new health data to pull from and giving the health insurance company insight into the activities of its customers.
The deal also would be beneficial to Apple, which heavily promotes the Apple Watch for health and fitness and briefly became the top wearable vendor this year, beating out Fitbit before Xiaomi took the top spot in Q2.
Apple also has been secretly hiring biomedical engineers and beefing up work on sensors for tracking blood sugar levels and detection of other diseases, which would come in handy for any health insurer wanting data-driven insights into its customer base.
Of course, whether customers will be willing to give up that information in exchange for the Apple Watch remains to be seen.
Gunmen posing as military forces were holding dozens of hostages inside a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital in an attack that began when a car bomb exploded at the gate, police and a witness said Wednesday night, while the extremist group al-Shabab claimed responsibility. Police said at least nine people had been killed and several wounded. ABCnews 10:25:00 PM CEST
ISLAMABAD, Dec 12 (APP):Ali Turganbekov, 9, has had three simple dreams – meeting the inspirational Australian speaker Nick Vujicic born without limbs, visiting Dubai and getting prosthetic legs to enable him to feel like he is part of society, Khaleej Times reported.
Now that he can scratch the first two dreams off his list, Ali urges people to never stop dreaming. “Believe, dream, then take action. Everything you want will come to you,” Ali told Khaleej Times through his interpreter Yeldar Tolesh before the family left Dubai on Monday evening. His trip was sponsored by a Kazakh business delegation who heard his desire to visit Dubai through a TV interview.
Unlike the difficulties the boy faces from the Kazakh society, his mother Akmaral Amireyeva said the warm welcome and accessibility to public places Ali experienced in Dubai made him want to stay.
“People here were welcoming. He could freely walk with his hands, which is something he cannot do back home. Malls and public places are equipped with ramps and proper infrastructure that serves the disabled,” said Amireyeva.
Since his birth, Ali has always been fascinated by the eastern culture. His Instagram account features a video of him dancing with kandoora and ghutra – the traditional Emirati costume.
Of all the places he visited, Ali said he loved Dubai's desert safari and the beach. “I loved walking and feeling the sand with my hands, and I loved Dubai's weather,” he said.
Despite his disability, Ali continues to play different kinds of sports including football and swimming through which he hopes to inspire others to practice a healthy living and stay active. In school, he's known for being active and sporting a positive attitude.
After the family struggled for years to find him a school in their hometown, they shifted to Astana after a government official knew of the boy's story and decided to sponsor his education.
Currently in third grade, Ali said he dreams of becoming a footballer and playing with the Brazilian Neymar. He practices his skills with his brother and best friend Amir.
“Before he joined, the school carried seminars to educate other children of his disability. Now, he's known among his classmates with his energy and positivity,” his mother said.
Though the stance towards the disabled is gradually improving in Kazakhstan, the family is now looking to raise funds to get the boy prosthetic legs that would help integrate him in the society.
“We don't want him to feel isolated, and we hope he maintains his positivity as he grows up.”
As he prepared to leave the city, Ali said: “During my bad times, I'll remember Dubai; its memory will uplift me.”
Mark appears to take his own life in heartbreaking Broadchurch scene
Where have you seen Conrad from Take Me Out befor
Dr Phil confronts white woman who pretended to be
Megan McKenna storms off after big argument with
Line Of Duty viewers delighted as Steve Arnott is
Heartbreaking: Laurel finds out nothing else can
Ken Barlow is told his attacker could be a family
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The third series of Broadchurch has kept millions of fans gripped for weeks as DI Hardy and DS Miller desperately try to figure out what happened to rape victim Trish Winterman on the night of her friend Cath's 50th birthday party.
A series of male suspects have been called into question but ahead of the show's finale tonight, some fans believe they've already cracked the case.
A new wild theory on Twitter is pointing the finger at Mark Latimer.
The murder of Mark's son Danny became the mystery that hooked viewers in the first series in 2013.
(Photo: ITV)
In the second series, Mark and wife Beth were left devastated when a jury found Danny's killer Joe Miller not guilty.
And in the third series, viewers have seen Mark's grief take hold of him.
In a recent episode, he appeared to attempt suicide when he took a boat out to the water and was seen plunging into the sea.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
But could Mark's suicide attempt be a sign of guilt too? Fans on Twitter believe he could be the main culprit.
One fan wrote: “My parents and I are convinced that Mark
Latimer is the rapist in #Broadchurch. Won't say any more yet - just putting it out there...”
Another fan said: “Telling you now mark Latimer is the rapist on broadchurch.”
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: ITV)
And one fan insisted: “I really hope it's not Mark
Latimer that's the rapist but I have a sneaky feeling it could be #broadchurch.”
Broadchurch Chris Chibnall has revealed tonight's "very emotional" last ever episode will close off all loose ends after three series of the show.
Speaking about the final episode while on location at West Bay, Dorset, where the series is filmed, Chris said: "We have to close off the story, close off the series. There were a few tears shed I think."
A firefighter tries to extinguish a wildfire burning near the village of Kalamos, north of Athens, Greece, August 13, 2017.
Athens (Reuters) - A wildfire close to a village near Athens has damaged dozens of houses and caused people to flee their homes, officials said on Monday.
More than 150 firefighters with 50 fire engines and three water-dropping helicopters battled the blaze, which broke out in Kalamos, a coastal area some 45 km (30 miles) northeast of Athens.
Slideshow (4 Images)
A fire brigade official told Reuters that no injuries had been reported but at least a dozen houses were heavily damaged.
"It was a terrible mess, that's what it was. You could see homes on fire, people running, people desperate, it was chaos and the fire was very big," a resident of Kalamos village told Reuters TV.
Television footage showed hundreds of residents fleeing from the area and heading to the beach to spend the night.
Greek authorities ordered a precautionary evacuation of two youth camps in the area.
The cause of the fire was unknown, but summer wildfires are common in Greece. More than 70 died in 2007 during the worst fires in decades.
LAHORE, Apr 24 (APP):'Get inio Rugby' programme is in full swing in various cities of the southern Punjab under the supervision of Pakistan Rugby Union.
Manager, PRU, Syed Mozzam Ali Shah said the programme is successfully continues in Southern Punjab under the able guidance of development offers and coaches of the PRU.
“We are quite impressed to see the talent of male and female players and we are confident that with proper training coaching they have the potential to become quality rugby players in due course of time,” he added.
He said at the moment Fort Abbas and Chistian are the two cities where special emphasis is being laid on ‘Get into Rugby' programme.
“Our Coach Abdul Moqeet is doing a great job there and it is a good sign that 150 boys and 100 girls of Golden Gate School Fortabbas are learning basics of rugby,” he said Govt High School Mangher Sharif Chistian's 250 boys are leaning the game. A strength of 150 boys and 150 girls players of Qiadat Public School Fortabbas are also engaged in get into rugby programme.
Pakistan Rugby Union is one of top unions in the world and Asia who successful run this project from last two three years. Meanwhile Chairman, PRU Fawzi Khawaja said, “We are delighted that rugby is at a rapid rise in Pakistan and in short span of five years we have achieved very productive results as far development of the game is concerned at all levels.”
He said now in every city even in every union council of the south Punjab we have rugby teams.
“World rugby and Asia rugby have already appreciated Pakistan Rugby union efforts to promote rugby on grass root level. Now we have Rugby grounds all over. Not only in south Punjab also in Fata, Quetta, Karachi, Islamabad, Peshawar, Lodhran, Multan, Mehsli, Fort Abbas, Muzafarghar, Bahawalpur, Bahwalngar and Lahore and in many their other cities,” he maintained.
“We hope we grow further more as we progress. GIR programme is running under ‘Asia Rugby Asia One million project' that we in Asia try to reach one million boys and girls for rugby,” he said.
Tehran
A senior advisor to Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei says Iran's regional presence is “inevitable,” vowing that the country will stand by the oppressed nations in the region.
Ali Akbar Velayati, who advises Ayatollah Khamenei on international affairs, made the remarks on Thursday on the sidelines of a conference attended by university students in support of the ongoing Palestinian Intifada (Uprising) against Israeli occupation, Fars News Agency reported.
“Our regional presence is an inevitable issue, and we continue this process to remain the region's most determining element,” he said.
“Iran has no intention to abandon the oppressed nations in the region…Our presence in Iraq, Syria, Palestine, and Lebanon is in coordination and with the consent of these countries' governments. Also, if we are helping Yemen, this is our humanitarian responsibility,” Velayati added.
The official warned that “Saudi Arabia should know that if this trend continues, Yemen will turn to its Vietnam.”
Riyadh and its allies have been engaged in a military campaign, accompanied by an all-out blockade, against Yemen since March 2015. The US-backed coalition has defied international calls to stop the aggression, which has killed over 13,600 people and triggered the world's worst humanitarian crisis in the impoverished country, according to the UN.
US will fail in anti-Iran puppetry: Velayati. A senior Iranian official says the US will never achieve any success in its wire-pulling against Tehran.
Iran has played a crucial part in the region's fight against terrorism by providing military advisory support to neighboring Iraq and Syria. The Islamic Republic has also been a stalwart supporter of the Palestinian struggles in the face of Israeli occupation.
“Throughout history, Iran has been the flag bearer both in civilization and culture, and is now the flag bearer in the region,” he added.
Velayati further blasted the United States for seeking to disintegrate countries and said Iran is against such schemes.
“Can one sit in their house and say ‘it does not concern me if the neighbor's house caught fire,'?” he said.—Agencies
Sharp-shooting senior forward Kyle Kaemingk led the way, draining six 3-point field goals to finish with 19 points.
“It always feels very good to be hitting the shots when you're open,” said Kaemingk, who knocked down 30 points in his previous game against West Lutheran and is averaging 17 points and six rebounds a game. “My teammates did a great job at setting me up.”
Forward Drew Wynia – the only junior in the starting lineup along with four seniors – scored 14 points. Adam Busch had 13 for the Eagles and Jaxson Kavanagh eight.
New Life led 32-23 at the half. St. Agnes closed briefly in the second half to 43-34 with 10:25 to play, but that was as close as the visitors got. Coach Doug Linton cleared his bench in the final minutes as the Eagles closed out the 17-point victory.
New Life's switch from man-to-man defense to a zone helped turn the game around.
“It was a nice win, we battled,” Linton said. “They're quick. They really hurt us with their quickness, especially in the first half. That was really tough. They were beating us on the dribble. We weren't moving our feet; we weren't switching some of our screens. They hurt us a little bit on the penetration.
“Actually our zone – this is the most we've played zone all year – I just thought we had to slow them down and take away some of their penetration,” Linton said.
St. Agnes dropped to 8-13 on the season.
New Life plays at St. Croix Prep Academy (11-9) in another con-conference contest Friday, starting at 7:30 p.m.
No matter how much else changes for the Boston Celtics, it's comforting to know there's still a 317-percent chance each game will involve a Marcus Smart heave.
That wasn't the main takeaway from Friday night's 110-102 takedown of the Philadelphia 76ers, of course, but Smart remains a maestro at finding the ball with no time to create a halfway makeable shot. The first quarter ended, as it so often does, with the guard streaking down the court, rising off one leg, and trying to avoid several defenders while flinging the basketball somewhere in the rim's direction. There might be no player more likely to damage his shooting percentages with an impossible end-of-quarter attempt than the Celtics' longest-tenured player. It's part of the regular Smart experience and, now, in season four of the guard's career, part of the regular Celtics viewing experience. It's one of the few things about this year's team that doesn't feel new.
Unfamiliarity resides everywhere else, which has helped make the first two preseason games appointment television, at least for us basketball fanatics. We don't know yet exactly what the Celtics will become, but they've given us a pair of enticing glimpses.
Notes from Friday's win follow below.
It was a beautiful, warm morning Sunday, a perfect day to stop and smell the flowers at the Zanuck Theater on the 20th Century Fox lot during the premiere of Fox and Blue Sky's “Ferdinand,” the tale of a pacifist bull who'd rather smell flowers than fight.
The film was a longtime passion project for director Carlos Saldanha, who worked for more than four years on production alone. He says that being faithful to the message of the classic book upon which the movie is based — about having the courage to be true to who you are no matter what — was his biggest responsibility.
“The message is so big,” he said. “Making sure that every character carried that message, that was my goal. That's how we expanded the story. But, believe me, it was not easy.”
One thing that was easy, however, was casting John Cena in the title role.
“He looks like Ferdinand, he's so big and he's so gentle,” said Saldanha. “When he came into record the first pages, it was like magic. He became the character. He is the character. Once that happens, it's all good.”
“Blue Sky was looking for someone big with a soft side and they came to seek me out and I said, ‘Of course I want to do it,'” said Cena. “I really enjoy a good story when I read it, and I read this and loved it and wanted to be a part of it,” he said.
Related Film Review: John Cena in 'Ferdinand' Playback: John Cena on 'The Wall,' Favorite Films and Time Away From WWE
“Sense8” star Miguel Ángel Silvestre, who voices the master bullfighter El Primero in “Ferdinand,” also praised the writing. “All the characters are written in such a lovable way, even if they are ambitious,” like El Primero, he said.
It was Silvestre's first time in a voice acting role and he quickly learned the differences between voice acting and being on camera. “My first day I was keeping it quiet and doing small choices, and the director told me, ‘Let's get a coffee. We have to go high here!' So you have to go big,” he explained.
“Ferdinand,” which opens Dec. 15, is the third animated film this year for Gabriel Iglesias, who plays hedgehog Cuatro. He's also in Pixar's “Coco” and Sony Pictures Animation's “The Star.” “All three movies that are out right now, I was doing them all simultaneously, which was really, really cool,” he says. “One day, I'd be at one studio, the other day, I'd be at another one. Sometimes I had to make sure I wasn't repeating or duplicating a voice. One of them I was allowed to be myself, one I had to really tweak, and one sounds nothing like me.”
“Ferdinand” was the one where he got to be himself and was able to ad lib during recording. “The director basically opened it up,” said Iglesias. “He said, ‘Hey, whatever you can bring to the part, please go ahead.'”
Fox Studios topper Stacey Snider was on hand to introduce the film. After the screening, Cena, Saldanha, Iglesias, and Silvestre joined guests and other cast members, including Anthony Anderson, Gina Rodriguez, Bobby Cannavale, Daveed Diggs, Flula Borg, Boris Kodjoe, and Juanes, for some food truck delicacies.
We all know one: the person in our lives who don't seem phased by what other people think. They're happy, even determined, to do their wardrobe or career or relationship or lifestyle or activism their way, in the face of every instruction to the contrary. They know in their soul what right for them — and right, period — and they wouldn't let all the shoulds in the world distract them from that certainty. They are a Rule Breaker, and their courage and integrity inspire everyone around them.
This year, Bustle is celebrating the Rule Breakers among us — the women and non-binary individuals who dare to be themselves no matter what. Our initiative begins with a social campaign in June leading up to a whole dedicated Rule Breaking digital issue in August. There we'll feature the list of Bustle's Rule Breakers Of 2018, including one nominated by you, our readers. In our interviews with all of the Rule Breakers, we hope to highlight the activism, creativity, individuality, and courage of women and non-gender-conforming people who have defied limitations and expectations in the last 12 months.
To nominate an inspiring Rule Breaker you know, just tag @Bustle #RuleBreakers2018 on your Instagram story or feed and tell us how she's rewriting the rules. We'll feature nominated rule breakers in Bustle's Instagram stories every week this summer and include one reader nominee in our 2018 list.
Help us draw attention to the women and individuals who don't look or act the park — and have made the world better for it.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Chengdu Taihe Health Technology Group Inc Ltd:
* SAYS VICE CHAIRMAN HU YUANYANG RESIGNS BUT REMAINS AS PRESIDENT Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2BOowen Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
AMMAN (Reuters) - Syrian rebels said on Saturday they had brought down a Russian warplane in an area of northern Syria's Idlib province that has seen heavy air strikes, and two rebel sources said they had captured the pilot who was badly injured.
A rebel source said the Sukhoi plane was shot down over Khan al-Subl town near the city of Saraqeb, close to a major highway that has come under fierce air attack, where the Syrian army and Iranian-backed militias are trying to advance on the ground.
Two rebel sources said the pilot was badly injured after escaping the crash by parachute. A third rebel source said he was killed. There was no immediate comment from the Russian or Syrian armies.
At least five civilians were killed in the bombing of rebel-held Saraqeb city on Saturday, which residents blamed on Russian jets. Syrians in rebel-held areas say they can distinguish between Russian warplanes and those of the Syrian air force, because the Russian planes fly at higher altitude.
Residents say thousands of people have been forced by air strikes to flee the area, moving further north to the safety of makeshift camps constructed on the Syrian side of the Turkish border.
Russia's Defence Ministry regularly says it targets only hardline Islamist militants in Syria.
Syria's civil war, now entering its eighth year, has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven more than 11 million from their homes. Since Russia joined the war on the side of the Syrian government in 2015, rebels have lost control of nearly all major population centres, but they still maintain a stronghold in Idlib.
Diversity in the workplace can increase conflict. But research also suggests that if teams lack diversity, they will be more susceptible to making flawed decisions.
advertisement
Many companies today understandably focus on workplace diversity — issues such as how to increase diversity, how to foster sensitivity to it, and how to manage a diverse workforce. But, according to MIT Sloan School professor Evan Apfelbaum, managers should also be cognizant of another, related topic: the problems associated with homogeneity. Recent research, including Apfelbaum's own, has found, for example, that racially homogeneous groups are less rigorous in their decision-making — and make more mistakes — than diverse ones.
Apfelbaum, the W. Maurice Young (1961) Career Development Professor of Management and an associate professor of work and organization studies at the MIT Sloan School, spoke with MIT Sloan Management Review editorial director Martha E. Mangelsdorf. What follows is a condensed and edited version of their conversation.
MIT Sloan Management Review: You're an expert in research on diversity and how it affects group decision-making. And one thing you and others have found is that diverse groups often do better in decision-making than more homogeneous ones. Can you tell us a bit about some of the important studies in that area and what they found?
Apfelbaum: Sure. A good way to think about it is that diverse groups have the potential to do better than homogeneous ones. In reality, there are a number of examples and reasons why that often doesn't happen. But I do think there's a unique advantage to diverse groups in certain areas.
I'll start off by talking about cooperative decision-making scenarios, where people are trying to work together to come to some best solution. Early work from several decades ago provided the first evidence that diverse groups yielded more creative solutions, and that spurred much of the more recent research in that area.
One paper that was particularly important and useful took place in a legal setting, with jurors. In that study, a researcher now at Tufts University got access to a real jury pool and randomly assigned jurors to deliberate in six-person, all-white or racially diverse juries. The groups all considered the same fictitious case, and their deliberations were recorded on video.
In general, the diverse juries were far more rigorous in how they approached their decisions. The racially diverse juries spent a longer time deliberating.
Already a member? Sign In Not a member? Member Free 3 Free Articles per month, $6.50/article thereafter. Free newsletter. Subscriber $75/yr. US Unlimited digital content, quarterly magazine, free newsletter, entire archive.
If you want to buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+ online in India, you'll have to head to Flipkart.
Samsung is all set to launch the Galaxy S8 and S8+ in India tomorrow, and the phones will be sold online exclusively on Flipkart. Pre-orders will kick off at 12 p.m. on April 19, just as the launch event kicks off in New Delhi. We don't know the pricing, but it will likely be under ₹60,000. As is always the case for a marquee phone, there will be a bevy of launch-day offers, which we'll detail tomorrow.
As a refresher, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ offer 5.8-inch and 6.2-inch QHD displays, and will be powered by Samsung's latest 10nm Exynos 8895 SoC. There's also 4GB of RAM, 64GB storage, microSD slot, Dual Pixel 12MP camera, 8MP front shooter, NFC, LTE, hybrid dual-SIM slot, 3000mAh battery (3500mAh on the GS8+), and the all-new Bixby assistant.
Exclusivity agreements aren't new in this segment, but Flipkart has secured a major win with the S8 and S8+ deal. Although the Galaxy S series doesn't account for a majority of Samsung's sales in India (that honor goes to the budget Galaxy J series), it certainly accounts for a significant portion of the mindshare.
See at Flipkart
Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has a new project, and it may just surprise you.
Ballmer is these days mostly known for owning the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team and a significant Twitter stake, but this week he is taking the wraps off USAFacts, a website chock-full of data related to U.S. government spending.
The idea is to present the facts around the government, and its use of money, in a simple way that hasn't be done to date. The New York Times reports that Ballmer has spent over $10 million on the three-year-old project, that includes hiring a team of Seattle-based researchers and giving a grant to the University of Pennsylvania to help gather data. The paper said he is prepared to continue to bankroll the program at an estimated cost of $3 million-5 million per year.
Ballmer, who describes the site as a 10K for the government, is particularly famous for his appreciation of numbers and data in arguments, which spills over from business into his personal life, too.
“I would like citizens to be able to use this to form intelligent opinions. People can disagree about what to do — I'm not going to tell people what to do,” he told the Times, adding that opinions should be based on “on common data sets that are believable.”
USAFacts isn't available to the public at the time of writing — a holding page says it will open up in “Spring 2017” — but it is expected to go live on Tuesday.
The project was first announced last November — through an interview with Bloomberg — and Ballmer stressed that it is nonpartisan and wholly factual.
Former President Barack Obama opened the veil on government data when he introduced an open data portal that provided some public information, but things are less clear under current President Trump. Obama-era data has been archived and cleared, but thus far the Trump administration has neither posted new data nor commented on its plans for the system.
Ballmer said USAFacts takes some data from the White House project, alongside other government sources. The only rule, according to Ballmer, is to avoid information from outside parties in order to remain accurate.
Stephen A. Smith highlights that Kevin Durant's presence on Golden State this year was the key to sealing the fate of the Cavaliers in the Finals. (1:25)
Last season, the Golden State Warriors blitzed their way into the NBA Finals en route to the 2017 NBA title. What has changed for Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant & Co.?
Not much, which is why they're the overwhelming favorite yet again to repeat at Western Conference champs.
We asked the ESPN Forecast panel of 44 experts to rank its top three choices for the 2017-18 Western Conference champions, with a first-place vote receiving five points, a second-place vote receiving three and a third-place vote receiving one.
Here are the results:
Forecast: 2017-18 West champs
1. Golden State Warriors
First-place votes: 44
Total points: 220
2016-17: 67-15 (W, NBA Finals)
Comments: Golden State didn't drop a single game in the Western Conference playoffs and returns with 10 of its top 11 in minutes played. Though Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry were never serious threats to leave, they managed to re-sign the All-Star duo as well as Andre Iguodala, Shaun Livingston, Zaza Pachulia, David West and JaVale McGee, all of whom played specific roles and were on the open market.
The only player not returning is Ian Clark, who will be replaced by Nick Young and Omri Casspi, two floor-stretchers likely to fit in seamlessly with the Warriors' free-flowing offense. ESPN's Real Plus-Minus pegs the Warriors for 62 wins, a total that might seem modest yet still easily outpaces every team out West. -- Micah Adams, ESPN Stats & Info
2. Houston Rockets
First-place votes: 0
Total points: 108
2016-17: 55-27 (L, West semis)
Comments: Instead of lying down and ceding the West to the Warriors, Houston GM Daryl Morey orchestrated a salary cap clinic, trading for Chris Paul to create a two-headed point guard attack unlike any we've really ever seen and adding versatile wings PJ Tucker and Luc Mbah a Moute. Morey might not be done either, as the Rockets have been linked to a Carmelo Anthony trade for much of the summer.
After running virtually everything through James Harden last season en route to breaking every 3-point shooting record, Houston will have varied options and the personnel to play any number of ways. -- Adams
3. San Antonio Spurs
First-place votes: 0
Total points: 49
2016-17: 61-21 (L, West finals)
Comments: In a whirlwind summer defined by contenders making splashy moves, leave it to the Spurs to mostly stand pat. Aside from swapping in Rudy Gay for the departed Jonathon Simmons, San Antonio seems content to roll with the group that had the Warriors down big Game 1 of the Western Conference finals until Kawhi Leonard's untimely injury.
It's surely a small sample size, but in the 92 minutes that Leonard was on the floor against the Warriors last season, including both the regular season and playoffs, the Spurs outscored the champs by 31 points. -- Adams
Also receiving votes: Oklahoma City Thunder (17), LA Clippers (1), Minnesota Timberwolves (1).
Airbnb CEO said company will ‘be ready to IPO next year' but might not
Airbnb brings in billions of dollars of revenue annually and is profitable on an EBITDA basis, so many wonders if and when the home-sharing company will go public. At the Code Conference today, Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky said the company will “be ready to IPO next year, but I don't know if we will.”
He added that he wants to make sure it's a major benefit to the company when Airbnb does go public. Following some more probing, Chesky said he has “no issues with [going public] at all. It could happen.”
Meanwhile, Airbnb has been struggling from a regulatory standpoint since at least 2010. Specifically, San Francisco and New York are two of the most difficult cities from a regulatory standpoint, Chesky said.
In New York, for example, there has been a standstill since 2010. At this point, Chesky said he expects it to take a few more years to overcome the challenge in New York.
“It doesn't seem like the end is in sight with that challenge,” Chesky said. That challenge, Chesky said, involves the hotel industry and unions that “have galvanized people in these perpetual battles.”
Another general critique of Airbnb is its effect on rising rent costs and displacement. Chesky added that if it was simply a business decision, “it probably wouldn't be worth it to stay there” in New York. But Chesky said there are hosts who have come to rely on Airbnb to earn income.
At Code, Chesky also touted Airbnb's experiences product and how it's growing 10x faster than its homes product. Airbnb Experiences sees 1.5 million bookings a year, Chesky said. Experiences, which Airbnb started testing in 2014 and officially launched in 2016, is Airbnb's product that helps travelers find things to do in cities throughout the world.
When it first launched, Airbnb didn't verify the experiences, but after some bad experiences, Airbnb has started verifying them.
“They're doing incredibly well,” Chesky said. He added that the “experience economy” is growing and “there will probably be a massive economy around experiences.”
CLAIM
A video shows a new health trend called the "human nacho spa treatment."
FALSE
RATING
FALSE
ORIGIN
In April 2017, a video of a man getting covered in melted cheese, guacamole, and other nacho-related ingredients was appeared on social media with the claim that it shows a new spa treatment that was “trending across California”:
This video does not show a new trend in the spa industry, but instead was created created for a comedy video for “ This is Mystical “, a new YouTube channel from Rhett and Link (Rhett McLaughlin and Link Neal), the comedy duo behind the “Good Mythical Morning” talk show and the “Ear Biscuits” podcast.
Some of the footage shown in the video can also be seen in another sketch from Rhett and Link. On 12 April 2017, a day before the “Human Nacho Spa Treatment” video was shared, the comedy duo completed the “Human Nacho Challenge.” This sketch was inspired by viewers' answers to a question about eating nachos, not a new trendy spa treatment:
Rhett and Link created the “human nacho” after fans said that the best way to eat nachos was “naked” and “fully loaded.” As the footage resembled some sort of bizarre spa treatment, the footage was re-edited and shared along with the humorous (but false) claim that the “Human Nacho Spa Treatment” was sweeping the nation.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Chic cofounder and Daft Punk collaborator Nile Rodgers has been hospitalized with an undisclosed ailment that caused him to miss a concert in Toronto Sunday night.
“I've never missed one gig in my life… well, it's been that way till now,” Rodgers tweeted Sunday night, adding, “The Dr. caught me trying to sneak out. … My doctors are taking great care of me. See you all very soon.” Rodgers and Chic are currently on tour with Earth, Wind & Fire.
Thanks Johnny. I've never missed one gig in my life… well, it's been that way till now. The Dr. caught me trying to sneak out. #LOVE https://t.co/51S6KBRcKs — Nile Rodgers (@nilerodgers) August 14, 2017
Rodgers' rep did not immediately respond to Variety's request for comment.
Rodgers, 64, underwent a lengthy battle with prostate cancer six years ago, which he documented at length both in a blog and in his 2012 autobiography, “Le Freak.” In 2013 he received an all-clear from his doctors, about which he jubilantly but cautiously tweeted, “I'M ALL CLEAR AGAIN! [But] I never celebrate much when I get an all-clear because in six months I'll go through the same drama.”
At the same time, the veteran songwriter, producer and guitarist was working on what turned out to be a career comeback, collaborating with Daft Punk on three songs — including the global hit “Get Lucky” — for their 2013 “Random Access Memories” album, which won the Best Album Grammy the following year; Rodgers and the duo also performed on the show with Stevie Wonder.
Rodgers, who worked with David Bowie, Diana Ross and Duran Duran during his peak period as a producer in the 1980s, has been even more active than usual in recent years, collaborating with Adam Lambert, Christina Aguilera, Kylie Minogue, Bryan Ferry and many others, as well as touring and recording regularly with a reconstituted Chic. Among many other honors, he and Chic cofounder Bernard Edwards (who died in 1990) were inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2016.
Finland, Sweden and Denmark have yet to approve the new pipeline project, but with Germany as a major economic power on board it is increasingly likely that they will follow suit.The pipeline terminates in Greifswald, Germany, where it connects to various trans-European pipelines for distribution across that continent. The project is being designed according to the most modern quality standards , and part of those standards focus on minimal to zero adverse environmental impact, with expected emissions to be 61 percent lower than the existing Central Corridor's pipeline. The pipeline has a 3,100 km run across Russia, and a 1,200 km run under the Baltic Sea and towards Germany.With this pipeline in place,, but it also solidifies business and commercial relations with Europe as a whole. As the economic sanctions against the Russian Federation slowly resolve, the nation stands to be seen as much more vital to the region than it ever has been.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bank Of Jiangsu:
* SAYS IT PLANS TO ISSUE UP TO 20 BILLION YUAN ($3.18 billion) A-SHARE CONVERTIBLE BONDS Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2EwM3DC Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2835 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. -- David Sills V has learned to embrace all that's he has been. And all that he never was.
He was the wunderkind quarterback, who first pierced the taboos of early-age recruiting.
He was the 13-year-old whom Lane Kiffin notoriously offered to USC, after watching only one highlight clip.
He was then the latest cautionary tale of an athlete gaining fame too young.
But that wasn't the end of Sills' story.
And after exhausting his quarterback ambitions through all means, including giving up his scholarship at West Virginia for one last try in junior college, Sills has found a new calling.
Now back with the Mountaineers, Sills has remarkably re-emerged, reinventing himself into one of the top receivers in college football, tied for the national lead in touchdown receptions.
"My story, if you want to say, is nothing I would've pictured," he says. "But I'm having so much fun now. The most fun I've ever had playing football.
"And I'm not playing quarterback."
David Sills V was 9 years old when his dad really began to believe that his son might have special talents. At the age when boys are riding bikes and playing little league baseball, Sills was named top quarterback at a week-long, summer Philadelphia Eagles' football camp.
"That kinda showed I wasn't just some crazy dad who thought his kid was better than he is," said David Sills IV, who played cornerback for the Virginia Military Institute.
The following summer, the Sills family was in the market for a QB guru to take Sills to the next level.
At the time, Steve Clarkson, who had tutored Ben Roethlisberger, was training USC Heisman winner Matt Leinert for the NFL draft when he started getting calls from Sills IV.
"I called him six or seven times, left messages, but he never answered or called me back," Sills IV said.
On the other side, Clarkson didn't know what to make of this dad from Delaware asking him to work out his pre-adolescent son.
"But [Sills IV] was persistent," Clarkson said. "At a certain point, it was like, he really wants this to happen."
David Sills V, right, began working with QB guru Steve Clarkson at the age of 10. Gary Friedman/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images
Clarkson finally relented. He told Sills IV they could come to Pasadena after the draft, and he'd give Sills a look. "He had this attitude of, 'Yeah, sure, I'll take your money,'" Sills IV said.
Clarkson still believed Sills was too young after the first session.
"I thought, 'We'll do one more workout, and I'll tell them to come back in five years,'" he said.
But that next session, Sills dazzled with a natural throwing motion and an arm strength that defied his age. Clarkson had never seen anything like it. Sills wowed Clarkson even more in the ensuing days, displaying an uncanny knack for understanding defensive coverages.
"This was not normal," Clarkson said. "I started to rethink, 'How young is too young?'"
After later visiting the family in Delaware, Clarkson agreed to take on, by far, the youngest client he'd ever had.
Sills are 10 years old.
Lane Kiffin entered the picture three years later. Clarkson was in Miami for Super Bowl XLIV, and Kiffin had just left Tennessee for USC. Clarkson called, and at the end of their conversation, asked if Kiffin would watch a YouTube clip.
"No explanation given," Clarkson said. "Just asked his opinion."
"I thought I was looking at a 10th or 11th grader," Kiffin recalled, in a phone interview about Sills with ESPN.com.
As impressed as he was, Kiffin couldn't figure out why Sills was so skinny. "That's because he's 13," Clarkson told him, prompting an expletive of disbelief from Kiffin.
"He just seemed so far advanced for a kid that age," Kiffin said. "It just seemed if he stayed on that track, he was going to be an elite kid, an elite player. If the kid kept growing, he could end up being as big as [USC Heisman winner] Carson Palmer, who we'd had a few years before."
Putting aside the prudence of evaluating a quarterback off a single YouTube video, it wasn't - and still isn't - against the rules to offer a middle-schooler. But it certainly was taboo. An unspoken rule of recruiting.
It didn't take long, however, for the notion to pop into Kiffin's head.
In a follow-up phone call that same day, Kiffin broached Clarkson with the idea of offering Sills a scholarship.
"Of course, I know you're going to be offering him when he's a junior," Clarkson joked back.
"No," Kiffin retorted. "I mean like right now!"
"We thought about [Sills' age]," Kiffin said. "At the same time, we had never seen anybody look like that. ... We thought he could be a great quarterback."
By that time, Sills had already fallen in love with USC. Working out with Clarkson in California, he had gotten to meet Trojans quarterbacks Leinart, Matt Cassel and Matt Barkley.
"His childhood dream was to go to USC," Clarkson said.
The Sills family discussed the offer. That same evening, they called Kiffin, and Sills committed.
"His opinion kind of was, 'That's where I'd want to go anyway, so why wait?'" Sills IV said. "But we didn't know anything about football recruiting. Being as naïve as we were, we just said, if that's where you want to go, sign up.
"Then the world decided to have an opinion."
Lane Kiffin made headlines in offering middle schoolers while at USC. Ric Tapia/Icon Sportswire
At a Super Bowl party, Clarkson tipped off ESPN's Shelley Smith about the commitment. Soon, the news was on the ESPN crawl, and before long, seemingly everywhere else.
Overnight, Sills became a household name. Soon, the hot takes followed: Why would Kiffin do this? How could the parents allow it? Was Sills really this good?
"It just went viral," Clarkson said. "I'm walking down radio row the week of the Super Bowl, and the whole row is talking about, not the Super Bowl, but about this 13-year-old accepting an offer from USC. It took off like a wildfire. It went crazy."
As crazy as it got, Sills IV said his son never wavered.
"What the media, TV, radio said about him, it never phased him," he said. "Didn't change him, didn't change who he thought he was."
But just as Sills' fame was taking off, his quarterback shine began to lose luster.
The next season as an eighth grader, Stills started for the Red Lion varsity squad, and he continued to thrive as a freshman, totaling 28 touchdowns.
From there, Sills' high school career began to tumble.
Red Lion was purchased by a group that sought to de-emphasize football, prompting Sills IV to help start a new online school based out of Maryland for Sills and his teammates. Eastern Christian Academy, however, was unable to gain accreditation initially in Maryland, and Sills played only three games as a sophomore.
Then in November of his junior season, he broke his knuckle, which Clarkson believes forever changed Sills' passing technique.
"It organically created this funny wrist motion," he said. "And he never got it back to where it was when people thought he was the perfect passer. He just couldn't get over the hump for whatever reason."
Meanwhile, back in Los Angles, Kiffin had already been fired on the tarmac of LAX.
Sills enjoyed his celebrity, training with Matt Cassel and Matt Barkley. Arash Markazi/ESPN.com
New USC coach Steve Sarkisian didn't pull Sills' scholarship, but he made it clear Sills was no longer in the Trojans' plans. USC had already landed a commitment from ESPN 300 quarterback Ricky Town. The Trojans were also heavily pursuing another ESPN 300 prospect -- Sam Darnold.
"The communication went from slim to none," Sills IV said. "David went out there to meet with Steve. David said the body language was, 'You're not my guy, and I don't want you.' That's when David decommitted."
To compensate for his diminished passing skills, Sills attempted to become more of a running quarterback his senior year. He'd always had the athleticism, yet never utilized it, focusing on sticking in the pocket instead. But in the third game, he broke a bone in his ankle, knocking him out for the season.
Once the model of a perfect quarterback, Sills had become damaged goods.
Sills had been injured, altered and discarded. Yet Dana Holgorsen still saw promise.
"You watched him and [the ball] didn't come out great," the West Virginia coach said. "But you loved his demeanor and his starting-quarterback mentality, his savvy and all the intangibles. I just loved the kid. I thought he was an unbelievable football player.
"And I wanted him on my team."
"He just seemed so far advanced for a kid that age. It just seemed if he stayed on that track, he was going to be an elite kid, an elite player." Lane Kiffin
His freshman year in 2015, Sills was redshirting while splitting time at scout-team quarterback. The Mountaineers were getting ready to play Liberty, which had a bigger wide receiver. None of the West Virginia scout-team receivers had much size. So at 6-foot-4, Sills was asked to man receiver for the week.
"He goes to scout team and just starts tearing it up," Holgorsen said. "... [defensive coordinator Tony Gibson] was like, 'Dang, we can't cover David Sills.' That's when I started watching him really play receiver."
The Mountaineers needed help in their rotation there. So in Week 6, Holgorsen approached Sills about playing receiver. Not wanting to burn a year of eligibility to play quarterback, Sills confesses he was reluctant.
"Then the Sunday after the game, [Holgorsen] told me, 'We really need you to play. The team needs you,'" Sills said. "And I was like, 'OK, I'll play.'"
That next game at Baylor, Sills remarkably caught two passes, including a 35-yard touchdown.
"I had never seen him run a pattern in my life," said Sills IV, who took the family to Waco for their first West Virginia road game. "It was absolutely shocking -- especially for a kid that at one time was considered a statue quarterback."
Sills would catch another touchdown in the Mountaineers' bowl game. But even though he seemed to be a natural at wide receiver, Sills couldn't shake his quarterback ambitions. In the spring of 2016 he rotated between quarterback and receiver but couldn't find peace.
"You know, he just couldn't let it go," Holgorsen said. "So he came in and said, 'Coach, I love it here. I love my team. I love my coaches. But I just can't let it go.' And I said, well, 'I'm not giving you that chance. But I encourage you to go play quarterback. If it doesn't work out, call me, or I'll call you.' And I gave him a big hug."
And so, Sills left West Virginia to go play quarterback for El Camino College -- a community college in Torrance, California, just down the road from the university where 13-year-old Sills believed he was destined to star.
At El Camino, Sills tried desperately to resuscitate his quarterback dreams. For seven months, he lived on the couch at the apartment of high school buddy Khaliel Rodgers, who was then an offensive lineman for USC. Every day, Sills would drag Rodgers out to the parking lot to practice taking hundreds of snaps.
"He was so determined," said Rodgers, now a starting lineman for North Carolina. "I've never seen anybody work harder than him."
Sills had a decent season for El Camino. Over 10 games, he threw for more than 1,600 yards and 15 touchdowns. But the offers never came.
"You think you're going to play in the [Los Angeles Memorial] Coliseum with 100,000 people watching," Sills said, "and you actually go play 20 miles down the road at a junior college with 500 people watching."
Holgorsen, however, was still watching, too.
And just as Sills was about to consider walking on anywhere that might take him, Holgorsen called and asked if he was ready to come back to West Virginia and truly give receiver a shot. Finally, Sills was.
"Quarterback was 100 percent out of my system," he said. "I think if I would've stayed [at West Virginia], I don't think I would've gotten it out."
"I'm at peace now," Sills says. And he's applying the same determination to wide receiver that once made him a quarterback prodigy. On the fly, that has transformed him into the go-to receiver for West Virginia quarterback Will Grier. "I've never been more impressed with somebody," said Grier, who was amazed when he first was introduced to Stills - the adolescent quarterback whiz Grier envied through much of high school. "The dude is a legit receiver, and he's only played it a year."
Sill has become WVU's go-to receiver and leads the country in TD receptions. Carlos Herrera/Icon Sportswire
In the opener, Sills had nine catches in a loss to Virginia Tech. But on the second-to-last play of the game, he failed to corral a low liner from Grier in the end zone that would've tied the Hokies. Holgorsen estimates that in the following two weeks Sills caught 1,500 low balls before and after practice on his own. "I've never seen a kid work as hard, from an intelligence point of view, and work ethic point of view," Holgorsen said. "He tries to outwork everybody." To Clarkson, that is nothing new. "He went back (to West Virginia) with a clear conscious," Clarkson said. "And he's happy. And that's the story."
Well, almost the story.
Sills' groundbreaking commitment to USC made it more acceptable for schools to pursue prospects not yet in high school. Because of Sills, it was no longer so taboo.
Three years after Kiffin offered Sills, Dylan Moses had not even started eighth grade when LSU and Les Miles offered him. The same summer, UCLA offered quarterback Lindell Stone before he'd taken a snap for Southlake Carroll High School. The following day, Kentucky gave an offer to cornerback Jairus Brents, who was just 13. Tate Martell, another Clarkson quarterback protégé, wasn't in eighth grade, either, when Sarkisian offered him to Washington.
But this summer, Illinois took the trend to a new level, offering 10-year-old youth football star Bunchie Young.
Now at Florida Atlantic, Kiffin hasn't stopped recruiting junior-high kids, either. This May, he offered Kaden Martin, the 13-year-old son of USC offensive coordinator and former Tennessee quarterback Tee Martin.
All of this might make some feel uneasy. For Sills, it doesn't at all.
"It's really how they take it," he said. "If someone gets an offer and they think they don't have to work hard anymore and take the foot off the gas, then I think it is something that happened too soon. But if they take it that, 'I want to live up to this,' and keep going and get better, then I don't think it's too soon."
Sills did all he could to live up to that day when he received an offer at 13.
Now, he's living another story. And, another dream.
"It's the most interesting and impressive story I've ever been a part of," Grier said. "It's absolutely insane, and I love it.
"There's going to be a 30 for 30 on him someday."
Richland County Public Library to Unveil New Children's Area Garden Level
COLUMBIA, S.C. (WOLO) -Looking for an adventure at the Richland Library for children and teens?
The Richland Library Main will unveil its newly designed garden level in a grand reopening Saturday, February 3.
The garden level has been closed for renovations since March 2017, according to library officials.
Saturday's event is free and will take place from 10am-Noon.
Participants can see the new design, and meet local author, Dinah Johnson, and artist-in-residence Maria Fabrizio.
The Main Library is at 1431 Assembly Street, in Columbia.
What happens when the star of The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story hosts a party at the Roxy on St. Patrick's Day? Uh, Darren Criss and JC Chasez sing some *NSYNC songs together, apparently. As Entertainment Tonight reported, Criss threw a ‘90s-themed concert at the Hollywood venue on Saturday night, and at one point, invited Chasez to join him onstage. The two wildly talented singers proceeded to perform acoustic versions of “I Want You Back” and “Tearin' Up My Heart.” A happy St. Paddy's to us all.
And because every now and again the internet can be used for good, some of the folks who were in attendance documented Criss and Chasez's renditions of these beloved *NSYNC tracks and shared the videos with the planet. You can check out a compilation of some of the Instagram Stories taken during Chasez and Criss' duet here.
Man, is Chasez's voice is just as beautiful and powerful as it was two decades ago, or is it just as beautiful and powerful as it was two decades ago? *Waves goodbye to breath.* And Criss' voice is like a dream, per usual. These two guys sound so... in sync.
And when Chasez and Criss harmonize during the “Tearin' Up My Heart” chorus? Your body will probably turn into one big goosebump made out of billions of little goosebump. And then, those goosebumps will be like, "It's too gorgeous, we can't take it, can you get us a glass of water?" And then, you will chug a coffee mug's worth of water and the goosebumps will calm down and you will feel temporarily sated. But then, you will want to watch the video again. And before you know it, you will be stuck in a loop: Watch the video of Chasez and Criss sing, turn into an enormous goosebump, pour water down gullet, settle down, repeat. It really isn't the worst way to spend a Monday evening.
Oh, and get this: January Jones was there. And she posted a video of Chasez and Criss' performance on Instagram Stories and everything.
This isn't the first time Criss has broken out the guitar and delivered an acoustic rendition of an *NSYNC track. When the multi-hyphenate appeared on SiriusXM's The Coffee House earlier this month, he played a pared down version of “It's Gonna Be Me.”
SiriusXM on YouTube
Nostalgia may prompt Chasez to belt out a few *NSYNC jams with one of the guys from Glee at a St. Paddy's Day gathering, and it may prompt the now defunct group to release a Christmas-themed line of merchandise, but it sure doesn't sound like it will prompt a full-blown reunion tour anytime soon. Back in December 2017, Chasez told Us Weekly that *NSYNC will not reunite again. He said,
“The answer is no. I know people want to hear a different answer but we felt like we did what we set out to do. By the way, we are all still friends and we all still talk about this stuff. But the way we went about it was we had to be inspired by something. And that's the only way we would do anything.”
So cling to these clips of Chasez and Criss crooning together. And cling to that picture of all five of the *NSYNC guys together at Chasez's birthday party back in August 2016. And if and when that reported reunion at the Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony finally happens, cling to that, too. But as far as *NSYNC getting back together and playing shows like it is 1998 (or the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards)? That dream will probably keep on tearin' up our hearts.
Whatever fight Platinum Stars may muster, it may be too little too late, as even a win over AmaZulu does not guarantee that they will not be officially relegated on Wednesday night.
Their fate is no longer in their hands as it is dependent on the results of Ajax Cape Town and SuperSport United in the three remaining games.
At this point the most points they can amass is 30. In order for them to do that, they will need to win all their games and still hold thumbs that Ajax and United lose all their games.
They will have to watch closely for the result tonight between Ajax and Baroka to see the difficulty of the task ahead of them.
Tomorrow night at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium (7.30pm) against Usuthu they will have one eye on what happens when United takes on Free State Stars at the Lucas Moripe Stadium.
The reported R22.5 million that consortium Rawat Petroleum in collaboration with Roger de Sa paid for the club earlier in the year could prove to be money down the drain.
It would not be the first time De Sa goes through the experience of relegation after Wits went down in 2005 with him at the helm.
In responding to whether buying the club that was already bottom of the table, De Sa conceded that you win or lose some in business.
“In business there are no guarantees, so I think any business that people go into has an element of risk attached to it and this was no different,” De Sa said.
“The situation we are in right now means that there are certain things that we have no control over. All we can do is to focus on ourselves. It has not been easy but we live to fight another day.”
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Myanmar told the United Nations Security Council not to visit during February this year because it was “not the right time,” Kuwait's U.N. Ambassador Mansour Ayyad Al-Otaibi said on Thursday, adding that the country did not completely reject the proposed trip.
Nearly 690,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to neighbouring Bangladesh since Aug. 25 last year after the Myanmar military cracked down on insurgents in Rakhine state.
The security forces have been accused by Rohingya witnesses and rights activists of carrying out killings, rapes and arson in Rakhine in a campaign senior officials in the United Nations and United States have described as ethnic cleansing. Myanmar rejects that label and has denied nearly all the allegations.
Al-Otaibi said he tried to organise a visit to Myanmar during Kuwait's presidency of the Security Council in February.
“This visit will not happen in February. Other members of the council might organise such a visit at a later stage, maybe in March or April,” Al-Otaibi said. “They did not reject it ... They just think this is not the right time for the visit.”
“They are currently organising a visit for the diplomatic corps in Myanmar to the Rakhine state. They also said that tensions are high in the Rakhine state at the moment, these were the reasons given to us by the Myanmar authorities,” he said.
In November the 15-member Security Council urged the Myanmar government to stop the excessive use of military force in Rakhine state and expressed “grave concern over reports of human rights violations and abuses.”
The statement by the council also called on the Myanmar government to give media organizations full and unhindered access throughout the country to ensure the safety and security of medial personnel.
Two Reuters reporters, Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, were detained on Dec. 12 and accused of violating the country's Official Secrets Act. They had worked on Reuters coverage of a crisis in Rakhine state.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Scranton Mayor Bill Courtright says the city is “facing incredible opportunities to grow, prosper and strive.” (Times-Tribune File)
Mayors should be as optimistic as possible about their towns, and Scrantonians should hope that Mayor Bill Courtright's rosy scenario in his recent state of the city speech comes to pass.
In his presentation at the Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce, the mayor cited ongoing residential development downtown, an increase in the number of small businesses and the partial resolution of some serious city government financial problems as marks of progress, and so they are.
But in emphasizing the positive, the mayor failed to note the huge costs that Scrantonians have borne for that incremental progress, and the huge obstacles that remain.
For example, the mayor said that he corrected the insolvency of the Scranton Parking Authority and shed the burden of $140 million in federally mandated sewer system upgrades by selling the system. But, whereas the city government no longer is on the hook directly for the parking authority's debt, downtown parking is a hot mess and hindrance to economic development. And, relative to the sewer project, Scranton and Dunmore ratepayers always were going to pay for it, which remains the case.
And Courtright, by omission, maintained one of the city's fundamental problems. A common set of taxpayers fund the distressed city government and the struggling and corrupt Scranton School District, yet the mayor continues to treat the district as if its massive tax burden does not adversely affect taxpayers or the city government's agenda.
Scranton has made some progress. And there was good news this week in a report from the Penn State Data Center that the city's population has grown by more than 1,500 people since 2010. That reflects some of the investment cited by Courtright and indicates that the city is very much alive.
The mayor should follow through on his promise to attend to more sagging infrastructure. But he also needs to attack the parking problem, work with the school district to reduce overall governance costs, and use resulting growth to better spread and diminish the tax burden on Scrantonians, for whom progress is not yet commensurate with cost.
KPMG has worked for clients in the public and private sector in Nigeria and in several other countries, helping to transform business performance and operations.
We are looking to hire young, vibrant and driven candidates to fill the position below:
Job Title: Audit Graduate Trainee
Auto req ID: 103455BR
Location: Lagos, Nigeria
Function: Audit
Job Description
Are you looking for a career in a challenging, fast-paced environment? Are you generally curious about why things happen in the way they do? Can you offer ideas about how businesses could improve their operations? A career in KPMG could be for you!
Qualification and Skills
Must be below 26 years old
Must have a minimum of 5 O' level credits (including English & Mathematics) at ONE sitting
Must have a minimum of second class (upper division) degree at first degree (please note that OND and HND qualifications are not considered for this position)
Law graduates must have a minimum of second class (upper division) degree at first degree and at Law school
Must be about to complete or have completed the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) scheme
Must not have written the KPMG Graduate Aptitude Test before.
Must have a passion for building a career in Audit
Application Closing Date
Not Specified.
Method of Application
Interested and qualified candidates should APPLY
Having not pitched since May 20, Shohei Ohtani returns to the mound for his eighth start of the season when the Angels visit the Detroit Tigers on Wednesday. The pitch to keep an eye on as the two-way phenom takes the mound in Motown? His splitter, which might just be the most dominant pitch in baseball this season.
Editor's Picks The Shohei Ohtani Experience: Keep track of the Angels phenom's two-way quest Los Angeles' pitching/hitting sensation is turning heads with every step. Follow along for the major moments from Ohtani's big league journey.
Ohtani's splitter has been the most valuable splitter in the majors this season according to FanGraphs' pitch values, and it isn't even close.
Ohtani has thrown 157 splitters this season and allowed one hit. Batters are 1-for-44 in at-bats ending on the pitch against Ohtani.
That .023 Opp BA in AB ending on his splitter is the lowest opponent average for any starter on a pitch this season (min. 100 pitches thrown of type).
ESPN
Why and how is he succeeding with the pitch? In part, his opponents are swinging pretty wildly at the splitter. Ohtani has induced a 61 percent swing-and-miss rate on the pitch, the second-highest for any starter on a single pitch (min. 100 pitches of that type).
(Reuters) - A 38-year-old Orlando woman who pretended to have terminal cancer and accepted donations when she lived in New York's Westchester County several years ago was arrested on Friday and charged with fraud, U.S. prosecutors said.
Vedoutie Hoobraj, 38, used the name Shivonie Deokaran while perpetrating the scam from about October 2014 through at least March 2016, federal prosecutors said in a statement.
Hoobraj was charged with one count of wire fraud, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 20 years, after being arrested on Friday morning in Orlando, prosecutors said.
Social media posts from the period in question show Hoobraj posing with her two sons, her head hairless, prosecutors said.
Cancer patients often lose their hair during treatment.
Hoobraj claimed to have seen doctors at cancer hospitals, including New York City's Sloan-Kettering Medical Center, but prosecutors said in court documents that she never actually underwent any cancer treatment.
She raised more than $50,000 from at least 300 people in Westchester County towns, prosecutors allege. Spaghetti dinners were organised to help raise money for Hoobraj, who claimed she had 18 months to live and was suffering from both leukemia and cancer of the liver, a federal complaint against her shows.
"Hoobraj allegedly concocted an elaborate story about having cancer when she did not, using GoFundMe pages and accepting money raised by a local high school, all supposedly to fund her medical care," Acting Manhattan U.S. Attorney Joon H. Kim said in the prosecutors' statement.
Assistant Director-in-Charge of the New York FBI office, William Sweeney, said the alleged crime was an injustice "to those who do truly need the support of their communities and may now be met with suspicion" because of her alleged behaviour.
Hoobraj's public defender in Orlando did not immediately return a call for comment.
She is due to appear in federal court in White Plains, New York, on August 16, according to court records.
Biggest remaining needs for each AFC North team
Switching conferences, we are going to look at the biggest areas of need for every team in the AFC, starting up North.
Florian Hallach CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 22:31 IST 9 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Now that we've wrapped up the NFC, we're switching to the opposite conference and identify the areas each team still could improve at. Once again, this could be a need for a starter, backup or one case even a schematic change. We are starting North and will move along clockwise throughout the week.
Baltimore Ravens – Center
The Ravens are building another dominant defense, with several key veterans and some young players, who are only getting better at this point. I think they have quality depth at pretty much every position on that side of the ball. Offensively, they are about to make a schematic overhaul once 32nd overall pick Lamar Jackson is waiting to become the dynamic new leader of this team.
However, as of now this still is Joe Flacco's job to lose and he has a completely new set of weapons. They brought over John Brown from Arizona to once again give them a serious deep threat, Willie Snead will take over in the slot for them and they drafted two excellent tight-ends in South Carolina's Hayden Hurst and Oklahoma's Mark Andrews.
Alex Collins emerged as their featured back last season and they have some young talents behind him. Nevertheless, the offensive line hasn't experienced continuity in recent years. They get their most important asset back in All-Pro guard Marshal Yanda and Ronnie Stanley is on the brink of becoming a top-tier left tackle in this league. I think you can pencil in two of these three at left guard and right tackle – James Hurst, Alex Lewis and Orlando Brown.
I'm not totally sold on what they have at center though. Baltimore picked up Matt Skura as an undrafted free agent two years ago and he started 12 games last season with Yanda on IR. They were forced to give up Ryan Jensen in free agency since they knew they wouldn't be able to afford him.
He ended up proving them right on that thought, by signing a four-year, 42-million dollar contract with the Buccaneers. I have yet to see Skura at center, but he didn't look too good at guard last season and I have some doubts. I think Bradley Bozeman, who they picked up late in the draft out of Alabama, is a rock-solid backup, but a sixth-round pick rarely cracks the starting lineup.
Here are three things we're verified Wednesday afternoon:
A KHOU 11 News viewer sent in a photo of a Walmart $1,000 gift card she received via email. She's a single mother and she wanted us find out if it was real.
We reached out to Walmart and a spokesman confirmed the coupon is a fake. Walmart never participates in these online coupon offers.
We also verified a viral photo of Whoopi Goldberg making the rounds again on social media. It's a violent image of President Trump hurting himself with the word's "Making America Great Again."
The picture has been circulating around on social media for almost a year. Even Goldberg addressed it on ABC's "The View" where she proved it was photoshopped and a fake.
Finally, we verified the news out about Ambien. The prescription drug has been trending on Twitter all day thanks to a tweet from Roseanne Barr. Barr wrote, "It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting."
That tweet was an explanation for another tweet about former Obama White House adviser Valerie Jarrett where she compared her to an ape. Barr somehow linking her racist tweet to side effects of Ambien.
That claim we can verify is false. Ambien drug manufacturer Sanofi responding to Barr's tweet saying "While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
To be fair Ambien has led to behavioral side effects in some patients.
Is there something you'd like us to verify, email us at verify@khou.com or reach out to us on Facebook and Twitter.
© 2018 KHOU
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2002 Audi A4 Cabriolet Enlarge Photo
Audi's A4 Cabriolet has a bit of a cult following and now the nameplate may be on its way back to the market.
The A4 Cabriolet was phased out in 2008 to make way for the A5 Cabriolet but could return to not only replace the A5 Cabriolet but also the A3 Cabriolet and TT Roadster, AutoBild suggests.
It seems it's not just sedans that are losing out to SUVs. Sales of two-door cars, particularly convertibles, are also on the decline. For example, only about 15,000 A5 Cabriolets were sold worldwide in 2017, and the respective numbers for the A3 Cabriolet and TT Roadster are even lower.
Mercedes-Benz last year indicated that it will prune back some of its many convertible offerings.
Interestingly, AutoBild also suggests that Audi might base the A4 Cabriolet on the MQB platform instead of the more expensive MLB platform found in the A4 sedan. The MQB platform is used in the A3 Cabriolet and can be expanded all the way up to vehicles the size of the Volkswagen Atlas mid-size SUV.
By using the MQB, Audi could keep costs low and undercut the price of rival models like the Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet and BMW 4-Series Convertible.
Stay tuned.
In Lyra's intriguingly unfamiliar world, Victorian-style technology mixes with advanced science and society is overshadowed by an oppressive religious hierarchy known as the Magisterium. Humans live alongside witches and armoured polar bears, and every person is accompanied by an animal companion known as a daemon (pronounced demon) — essentially their soul made flesh.
Published between 1995 and 2000, the first three novels — Northern Lights, The Subtle Knife and The Amber Spyglass — took Lyra from her home at Oxford University's ancient Jordan College to the North Pole and into parallel worlds on a twisting, hazardous quest. (The first book was retitled The Golden Compass in North America).
For readers and booksellers, this is news to rival the discovery of a new Harry Potter story. His Dark Materials have sold more than 17.5 million copies around the world. It spawned a Hollywood movie , The Golden Compass with Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig and a hit stage adaptation.
The irrepressible young heroine of Philip Pullman's fantasy trilogy His Dark Materials returns in a new novel being published in Britain and North America on Oct. 19, the first part of a new three-book series collectively titled The Book of Dust.
LONDON—Here are words millions of readers have waited many years to hear: Lyra Belacqua, and her daemon, are back.
Speaking from his home in Oxford, Pullman scrupulously guarded the secrets of the new book. Even its title has yet to be disclosed.
“I prefer to think I am writing realism,” he said. “I'm writing realism about a different place.”
The new book begins a decade before the start of the original trilogy, but Pullman said it is not a prequel. Nor is it a sequel. Pullman prefers to call it an “equel,” or companion story.
“The first part will deal with something that happened when Lyra was less than 1 year old,” he said. “So, in that sense, she's the centre of the story, but she's not actually an agent in the story. She is acted upon, so to speak, by other people who are very important.
“The second part, which will come out later, will deal with events when Lyra is about 20.”
There's a new hero — a boy readers have encountered before “if we were paying attention” — and “a terrifying adventure that takes him into a new world.” Multiple worlds abound in Pullman's complex, philosophically rich fictional multiverse.
And Pullman said we will learn a lot more about the nature of Dust, a mysterious substance loathed by the religious authorities in His Dark Materials.
The Book of Dust, published by divisions of Random House, will probably be one of the autumn's biggest sellers.
James Daunt, managing director of Britain's Waterstone's book store chain, said Pullman ranks with J.K. Rowling in his impact on publishing and reading.
Daunt said a generation of young readers “read first Harry Potter, then the complex, gripping and provocative His Dark Materials.”
“Other books, other authors make claims and bring huge rewards, but these two imprint on everyone who calls themselves a reader,” Daunt said.
For fans, the mischievous Lyra is one of fiction's great child characters, up there with Mark Twain's Huckleberry Finn and Scout Finch from Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird.
Pullman called her “this awkward, difficult, prying, nosy, lying, greedy, untrustworthy child.”
“She's not a special child,” he said. “She's not divinely gifted or anything like that. But she does have certain characteristics that lead her into trouble and which help her get out of trouble.”
Some critics have ranked Pullman's trilogy alongside J.R.R. Tolkien's fantasy saga The Lord of the Rings, though Pullman said he doesn't particularly like the comparison.
In Tolkien's Middle Earth, he said, “what's good is good and what's bad is bad and there isn't very much discussion about it.”
Pullman prefers fantasy that wrestles with moral ambiguity and has “one foot firmly in this world.”
He is also often contrasted with C.S. Lewis, whose saga The Chronicles of Narnia has large doses of Christian allegory.
Pullman has called himself an atheist, and some Christian groups have objected to his negative depiction of organized religion. His Dark Materialshas been pulled from some Catholic school library shelves in Canada and the United States over the years.
Pullman said he thinks most objections to his books come from people who haven't read them. His Dark Materials took its title form John Milton's biblical epic poem Paradise Lost and Pullman's saga has a searching spirituality running alongside its mistrust of organized religion.
He said The Book of Dust centres on “the struggle between a despotic and totalitarian organization, which wants to stifle speculation and inquiry, and those who believe thought and speech should be free.”
Global events make that a more pressing and urgent struggle than ever. Pullman said he doesn't try to draw overt parallels with the real world, but “they are always present in my mind.”
“Why do we vote into power people who seem to have the interests of themselves and other large, powerful people in mind rather than ours?” he asked. “Why do we vote to do something so obviously self-destructive as leaving the European Union?
“I might not be writing about Donald Trump or Brexit or Nigel Farage directly in The Book of Dust,” he added, but the “questions they pose and the situations they set up are very much part of the world that I'm writing about.”
LAHORE, Aug 14 (APP): Former prime minister Muhammad
Nawaz Sharif on Monday vowed to ensure the sanctity of vote
and supremacy of the Constitution.
“Pakistan Muslim League-N will bring necessary amendments
in the Constitution for the respect of public mandate,” he told
the media outside Allama Iqbal mausoleum on the 70th Independence
Day of Pakistan.
The former premier said Pakistan came into being
under the leadership of Quaid-i-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah
after democratic and legal struggle.
During the last 70 years, he said, the Constitution was not followed
in its true spirit which was why the country could not make tangible progress and that lesson should be learnt from the past mistakes.
He said, the country was making progress by leaps and bounds
and called his removal as a setback for the country.
Nawaz Sharif said, he brought prosperity during his
four years of tenure and fulfilled all the promises. He said
the economy was growing with a pace, energy projects were being
accomplished and law and order was improving especially in
Karachi.
He said a large number people especially youth had
accompanied him from Islamabad to Lahore.
He also pledged to bring reforms in the judicial
system, as he said, in the present system, a grandson fight
case filed by his grandfather.
“Provision of speedy and cheaper justice will be the top
agenda of PML-N's next government,” he said, adding, the state
would be responsible for fighting court cases of the poor.
“Pakistan is not of a few people but of 200 million people”,
he added.
Earlier, the former prime minister Muhammad nawaz Sharif
visited the mausoleum of Poet of the East Allama Iqbal and laid
a floral wreath on the grave and offered fateha.
Special prayers were offered for the progress, prosperity
and integrity of the country.
Nawaz Sharif also recorded his impressions in the visitors' book.
Present on the occasion were Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal,
Railway Minister Khawaja Saad Rafiq, provincial ministers Zaeem
Hussain Qadri, Mujtaba Shuja ur Rehman, Mayor Lahore Col (r)
Mubashar Javed, Hamza Shehbaz Sharif MNA, Senators Asif Kirmani,
Pervaiz Rashid, Pervaiz Malik MNA and Shaista Pervaiz Malik, MNA.
By Iddi Yire/Kojo Adams, GNA
Accra, April 24, GNA - Professor Ivan Addae-Mensah, a former Vice Chancellor of the University of Ghana, has called for a critical look at the funding of the Free Senior High School (SHS) Policy to ensure its sustainability.
He said providing quality and equitable education entailed a lot of cost, probably more cost than the cost of increasing access.
“You can increase access by making the financial burden of education on the individual less burdensome, and providing infrastructure but quality can only be improved if the conditions under which educators work are made more attractive,” he said.
Prof Addae-Mensah said this on Monday at the launch of the Global Action Week for Education 2018.
The Week, which is being organised by the Ghana National Education Campaign Coalition (GNECC), is on the theme: “Strengthening Citizen Participation and Accountability in Education Management: A Milestone for Achieving Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) Four”.
He said pupil to teacher ratio, especially at many of the public schools, was poor and had to be addressed.
“We have recently introduced the Free SHS system, this is perhaps one of the boldest educational reforms decisions taken in this country since independence,” he said.
“Now we have a situation in which whether a person can afford to pay for his or her education, it is provided free of charge. This has its implications on quality and equity,” he said.
Prof Addae-Mensah said experience over the years since 1951 had shown that whenever governments took on direct financing of education without any or very little contribution from parents, quality suffers because governments were unable to meet their obligations in good time, if at all, and sustain the necessary financial outlays required.
He said those aspects of the implications of the Fee SHS would need to be critically and dispassionately looked at without political colouration, so that the scheme could become permanent and sustainable.
He noted that the present experiment would only succeed if government would be able and willing to provide the necessary financial administrative and personnel support for the scheme.
Prof. Addae-Mensah said the Government should not put unnecessary restrictions on parents who were able, willing and prepared to contribute to their children's education in the public schools through their Parent Teacher Associations.
He said the whole issue of funding education in general and pre-tertiary education in particular would need to be re-examined.
Prof. Addae-Mensah cited a 2010 Report on Sustainable Funding of Education from Pre-school to Tertiary Level, produced by the National Council for Tertiary Education at great cost.
He disclosed that he was the co-chair of that Committee, adding “My other co-chairman of that Committee was well known Prof Jophus Anamoah-Mensah,” he said.
“It was a very comprehensive and far reaching report, unfortunately, immediately Professor John Evans Atta-Mills, who commissioned the report left office the succeeding government simply ignored it and was never implemented,” Prof Addae-Mensah said.
“I will strongly suggest that the present government revisit that report seeing if it can glean from it some ideas for providing for sustainable quality education beyond just the mere facilitation of access,” he said.
Dr Esther Ofei-Aboagye, a former Director of the Institute of Local Government Studies, who chaired the function, urged the Government to ensure that the councils and governing boards for colleges of education were constituted.
GNA
(Reuters) - Indian banks' loans rose 10.6 percent in the two weeks to Jan. 19 from a year earlier, while deposits rose 5.1 percent, the Reserve Bank of India's weekly statistical supplement showed on Friday.
Outstanding loans fell 372.90 billion rupees ($5.82 billion) to 81.71 trillion rupees in the two weeks to Jan. 19. Non-food credit fell 384.00 billion rupees to 81.13 trillion rupees, while food credit rose 11.20 billion rupees to 586.10 billion rupees.
Bank deposits fell 195.50 billion rupees to 109.78 trillion rupees in the two weeks to Jan. 19.
Source text: (here)
Canada said Tuesday it would buy Kinder Morgan Inc.'s Trans Mountain pipeline , with its expansion project and shipping terminal, for $4.5 billion before eventually selling the project to a new buyer. Finance Minister Bill Morneau, speaking Tuesday in Ottawa, said it was too soon to say if Canada would sell in the short or medium term, but didn't want to hold the project in the long term.
CALGARY—So now Prime Minister Justin Trudeau owns a pipeline . Who will take it off his hands remains an open question.
“Many investors have already expressed interest in the project, including Indigenous groups, Canadian pension funds, and others,” he said.
Finding a buyer for Trans Mountain could be tricky amid ardent opposition from British Columbia, the Pacific coast province it crosses, along with environmental and some Indigenous groups. That opposition was enough to make Kinder throw up its hands and halt construction last month. Even as Morneau struck an upbeat tone on the potential pool of buyers, he didn't give a specific time frame for a deal.
Canada's purchase may “be a vehicle to indemnify the project against regulatory risk,” Katie Bays, an analyst with Height Securities LLC in Washington, said in a telephone interview. “Once the construction is complete or once regulatory risk evaporates, whichever comes first, the project could be repurchased by Kinder Morgan.”
Kinder Morgan Canada, the unit that raised $1.75 billion for the project in an initial public offering last year, declined to comment on the speculation.
If Kinder doesn't want it back, some investors have shown interest in the project in the past.
Before deciding on taking the Canadian unit public, Houston-based Kinder Morgan ran a dual-track process that also entailed exploring a joint venture of the pipeline project. That possibility attracted interest from U.S. private equity firm ArcLight Capital Partners and Australia's IFM Investors Pty Ltd., people familiar with the matter said at the time.
Brookfield Asset Management Inc., which was said to be another bidder on the joint venture and eventually became one of Kinder Morgan Canada's largest investors, could be a potential partner in Trans Mountain now. The Toronto-based alternative-asset manager already has a joint venture with Kinder Morgan, Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, through its publicly traded Brookfield Infrastructure Partners. A representative declined to comment.
Among pension funds, the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System (OMER) and the Alberta Investment Management Corp (AIMco). could also be interested in the project. OMERS' infrastructure arm is invested in several pipeline assets, including the Czech Republic's NET4GAS sro, CLH Pipeline System in the U.K. and Spain, as well as the U.K.'s Scotia Gas Networks.
Midstream Veteran
OMERS also appointed Michael Ryder as the senior managing director of its infrastructure unit, OMERS Infrastructure. Ryder joined in January from U.S. private equity giant Blackstone Group LP, where he was responsible for leading the firm's midstream energy and oilfield services investment strategy. A representative for the fund declined to comment.
AIMCo is supportive of measures to boost investor confidence and address market uncertainty, Denes Nemeth, a spokesman for the fund, said in an email, while declining to comment on whether AIMCo would be interested in investing in the project.
Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, the country's largest pension fund, said in an emailed statement it was not “actively assessing an investment in the extension opportunity.”
Largest Investor
Meanwhile, Caisse de Depot et Placement du Quebec, Canada's second-largest pension fund, last month disclosed holdings of 10.2 million shares in Kinder Morgan Canada, making it the largest investor outside of its parent company. A spokesman declined to comment on whether the Caisse would consider an investment in the Trans Mountain pipeline Tuesday.
Caisse chief executive officer Michael Sabia told reporters last week in Montreal that the Kinder Morgan investment was made prior to the pension fund announcing a new strategy in October to reduce its holdings in carbon-intensive industries in favour of renewable energy. He said last week that the Kinder Morgan Canada investment, along with all future investments, would be reviewed in light of the new policy.
After Kinder said it was halting work on the project until it had more certainty, the province of Alberta was named as a potential buyer for all or part of the project. Premier Rachel Notley said at the time that the province would consider all options for ensuring the project was built. “At this point, we don't think that's necessary,” she said Tuesday.
Other Projects
Canada's other major pipeline operators are not seen as likely to enter the fray, either. Enbridge Inc. and TransCanada Corp., both based in Calgary, already operate major pipelines that carry oilsands crude, and both are enmeshed in their own major projects. TransCanada's proposed Keystone XL pipeline has battled delays for roughly a decade, and Enbridge's Line 3 replacement and expansion still hinges on a critical regulatory ruling in Minnesota.
TransCanada spokesman Grady Semmens said in an emailed statement that the company isn't involved in discussions about the Trans Mountain pipeline, and that it won't comment further about speculation on the project. Suzanne Wilton, a spokeswoman for Enbridge, said the company is focused on its $22 billion growth program and would not speculate on the project.
Bad Timing
The time is not right for either company to take on a project like Trans Mountain, said Laura Lau, who helps manage $1.5 billion in assets, including shares of TransCanada and Enbridge, at Brompton Corp. in Toronto. Enbridge has been selling assets to help whittle down debt it took on in last year's purchase of Spectra Energy Corp. TransCanada would be more able to buy it, but the company had its credit rating cut by Standard & Poor's earlier this month, she said.
The purchase also would distract and draw resources away from their current projects, which Lau said she's optimistic will go through.
“If they buy Trans Mountain, they have to not do something else,” Lau said in an interview. “There's only so much money to go around.”
LONDON (Reuters) - Asian utilities are increasingly striking up European partnerships and hunting for acquisitions to hedge their large multi-billion-dollar purchases of U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) supplies.
The logo of JERA Co., Inc., the world's biggest LNG buyer, is displayed at the company office in Tokyo, Japan July 14, 2017. REUTERS/Issei Kato
In the latest example, Japan's JERA, the world's largest buyer of liquefied gas, will absorb the LNG trading desk of France's EDF Trading (EDFT) EDF.PA to gain wholesale access to European gas markets and sharpen its trading edge.
Such deals, also struck lately by Tokyo Gas and Kogas, give Asian giants a fallback market for U.S. LNG supplies which they may not need, having rushed to commit to big chunks of new liquefaction capacity offered there in the past six years.
JERA's takeover of EDFT's LNG trading desk allows it to share EDF's access to 15 LNG terminals in Europe, just as shale gas producers on the U.S. East Coast ramp up LNG exports. (Full Story)
The United States has sold more than 40 percent of its projected 69 million tonnes/year output from five planned LNG plants, in operation or under-construction, to Asia, the bulk of which will go to Japan and South Korea.
Asia's thirst for U.S. LNG deals stems from its desire to strike relatively flexible contracts with new producers and wean itself off costly oil-linked supplies from Qatar and other regions at a time of spiking demand.
But, while Korea and Japan will remain top consumers, the rise of alternative fuels and, in Japan's case, the potential restart of its nuclear reactor fleet may put a brake on demand growth there.
“The level of over-contracted LNG to the early 2020s perhaps explains the emphasis Japan has placed in pushing for destination flexibility on contracted LNG,” said Howard Rogers, senior research fellow at the Oxford Institute of Energy Studies.
“The development of an LNG trading portfolio which allows contracted volumes to be marketed in either Europe or Asian arenas would clearly help Japan optimise its LNG position.”
JERA's access to European terminals will allow it to sell U.S. LNG to the continent, which consumes 550 billion cubic metres (bcm) of natural gas a year and is increasingly seen as a swing consumer of LNG, easily accessible from new U.S. or African production hubs.
ESCAPING OIL-INDEXATION
The U.S. shale revolution presented an opportunity for gas-hungry Asian consumers, especially for Japan after the Fukushima nuclear disaster shut down its reactor fleet and soaring costs of oil-linked LNG brought on a record trade deficit.
Stung by the gas import bill, Japanese utilities scrambled to sign 20-year LNG import deals from U.S. East Coast developers needing investment to underpin their export projects.
The appeal was that the U.S. producers did away with oil-indexation at a time when oil traded at record highs and allowed buyers to divert shipments at will.
But as the shopping spree wound down Japanese utilities realised they may have over-bought. Government policy shifts, such as support for renewable fuels and market liberalisation, threatened to undercut their share and dampen LNG demand.
Japan's gas-for-power consumption is expected to fall 17 percent by 2023 to 100 bcm a year, the International Energy Agency says, as its nuclear fleet comes back on stream and its renewable fuels sector grows by 5 percent annually.
What Asian utilities have a desperate need for is something European players have in abundance. Namely, import rights into LNG terminals dotted across the continent's shores, which for EDF includes terminals in France and Belgium.
As a result, Tokyo Gas 9531.T did a deal with Britain's Centrica CNA.L last month to share the purchase of LNG from a new project in Mozambique, and JERA joined Centrica in 2016 to optimise the delivery of six LNG cargos a year as of 2019.
Korea Gas Corp 036460.KS began handing over 4 million tonnes of LNG to EDFT last year under a deal struck in 2015.
(Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Friday ordered a Russian-owned corporation to pay a $5.9 million settlement it reached last year with U.S. prosecutors over allegations that it laundered proceeds of a $230 million tax fraud.
The company, Prevezon Holdings Ltd, had previously refused to pay the settlement to the U.S. government. Prevezon, which is owned by Russian businessman Denis Katsyv, argued that the deal did not require it to pay until authorities in the Netherlands released certain assets they had frozen there.
“Adopting Prevezon's view could result in bizarre consequences, namely delaying Prevezon's payment in perpetuity based on some unspecified release that has yet to occur,” U.S. District Judge William Pauley wrote in Friday's decision ordering Prevezon to pay.
Kevin Reed, a lawyer for Prevezon, declined to comment.
The case, which New York federal prosecutors brought in 2013, has attracted attention in part because Prevezon's legal team includes Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian lawyer who met with Donald Trump Jr. during the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign.
U.S. authorities had sought to seize more than $20 million in Manhattan real estate and bank accounts from Prevezon and related companies. Prosecutors claimed the companies were used to launder money stolen by corrupt Russian tax officials.
Prevezon did not admit wrongdoing in the settlement, which was announced in May 2017 just as the case was about to go to trial.
U.S. authorities said tax fraud and money laundering by Prevezon were first uncovered by Sergei Magnitsky, Russian accountant for investment firm Hermitage Capital.
After going public with the accusations, Magnitsky was arrested on tax evasion charges and died in prison a year later, prosecutors said.
The Kremlin's human rights council found that Magnitsky likely died from a beating delivered by guards and medical neglect. Russian authorities have said Magnitsky death was caused by heart failure, not foul play.
In 2012, at the urging of Magnitsky's former employer, Hermitage Capital CEO William Browder, Washington passed a law freezing any U.S. assets of Russian investigators and prosecutors said to have been involved in the accountant's detention. In retaliation, Moscow barred Americans from adopting Russian children.
Presenting his latest work, “The Putin Interviews,” at the Sarajevo Film Festival on Monday, Oliver Stone took aim at the U.S. mainstream media for its inability or refusal to look beyond the established image of Russia and President Vladimir Putin.
The festival honored Stone on Sunday with its Honorary Heart of Sarajevo Award for his “exceptional contribution to film art.” As part of the tribute, the fest is screening four of Stone's films, including “Snowden,” “Natural Born Killers,” and “Platoon.”
At a Q&A session during and after an entire four-hour screening of “The Putin Interviews,” Stone also touched on the powerlessness of Donald Trump in setting U.S policy, claiming the unwavering course of the country was set by the deep state, regardless of the White House occupant, but nevertheless warned of the U.S. president's recent threats of military action in Asia and South America.
“Trump — he can't do anything about where we're going,” he said. “Right now he's beating the war drum because that's more popular, and unfortunately it's dangerous, not only for Venezuela and North Korea, but also for the world because one thing leads to the other. It could be a disaster.”
Stone spoke at length about what he said was a blatantly biased view of Russia and its leader in the U.S. media.
The Washington Post, The New York Times, and The Wall Street Journal, which set the agenda for U.S. television news, are all conservative and have become “extremist in their anti-Russian fervor,” the filmmaker said.
“What I'm seeing today — and I've read these papers for years — is as bad as I've ever seen it,” Stone said. “When the Ukrainian situation happened, I didn't see any reports from the other side of the war. Within hours the United States recognized the coup d'état. And the reporting from the beginning was very anti-Russian.”
Pointing to the $600 million cloud computing contract that the CIA awarded Amazon in 2013 and the fact that the tech giant's owner, Jeff Bezos, also owns The Washington Post, Stone opined that “it may well be an agenda. We all know the CIA, New York Times, and Washington Post have been close for years. They're linked to the CIA … CIA interests are not America's interests, they never have been. The CIA has been morally corrupt since the beginning.”
Answering a question about the possible price of receiving access to Putin, Stone took issue with American and British journalistic practices, saying, “Anglo mentality is to be tough, ask tough questions, and challenge everything he says. I don't think that's my style. Firstly I'm a filmmaker, I'm not a reporter. I've seen the results of Mike Wallace and, what's her name, Megyn Kelly,” he said. “I've seen what happens when you treat foreign leaders as if you have the right to interrogate them in an American Guantanamo — it doesn't work.”
On Putin's view of Trump, Stone said the Russian leader was realistic and well aware that “the policy of the United States is not set by the president. He knows there are limitations. He knows that he's dealing with a man that is very irrational.” For his part, Putin says in the interview that Trump “ran a good campaign, but he sometimes went too far.”
Both Stone and audience members commented on Putin's apparent depth of historical knowledge, keen observations, and political savvy.
“He's very much of a realist, pragmatic — in the mode of Bismarck or Metternich,” Stone said, referring to the revered 19th-century German statesmen.
One audience member stressed that the film offered a stunning contrast in the level of sophistication and acumen between Trump and Putin, whose sharp intellect is evident in passing conversation, whether in reciting mythological tales of Odysseus' journey through the Black Sea or his expressed admiration for Arizona Senator John McCain — a vociferous critic of Moscow — who he compared to Cato the Elder, the conservative Roman senator who had similar reservations about another world power and liked to end his speeches by reminding his peers that “Carthage must be destroyed.”
Explaining his own personal reasons for seeking to profile Putin, Stone said: “As to my own ethic, it's in my genes, in my DNA, I've always — in baseball, in football — I've alway rooted for the underdog,” he added. “In my country, Russia has never gotten a good break.”
Despite warmer relations with the Soviet Union during World War II, Stone said the U.S. began viewing Russia as the enemy with the start of the Cold War.
“Russia never, ever was regarded as anything less than a villain after that. And it continued through my whole youth. … Interestingly enough, Franklin Roosevelt was the only American president next to Kennedy who really recognized the Russian contribution to World War II,” he said. “Roosevelt's idea, if he had lived, was to make a grand alliance between the U.S., Russia, Great Britain, and China.”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The University of Maryland, Baltimore County defeated nine other finalist teams to win the 2017 National Collegiate Cyber Defense competition April 13-15 in San Antonio. More than 230 colleges and universities participated in regional competitions that led to this year's national championship. "This is the fourth year we have been the title sponsor of NCCDC and watching these students practice ...
Creative, The Magazine of Promotion and Marketing ISSN-0737-5883 is published on a bi-monthly basis by Magazines/Creative Inc., 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566, Tel. 516-378-0800. Form 3579 is requested. Second Class postage paid at New York, NY and additional mailing offices. Send address changes to Creative, 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566 or via E-mail.
Creative is published in the interest of sales promotion and marketing executives who manage Point-of-Purchase Display, Trade Show Exhibit and Sales Promotion Programs. The annual subscription rate for the printed magazine is $30.00 in the United States and $50.00 in all other countries. The single copy price is $4.00 in the United States. The Annual Illustrated Guide is $20.00.
First Woman To Officially Enter Boston Marathon Will Run It Again 50 Years Later
In 1967, Kathrine Switzer ran the Boston Marathon, even though it was a man's-only event. She tells NPR's Lulu Garcia-Navarro about that race, and training to run it again in 2017, at age 70.
LOURDES GARCIA-NAVARRO, HOST:
The Boston Marathon is tomorrow, one of the marquee events for distance runners around the world. As with many sports, it used to be a man's-only event until 50 years ago, when Kathrine Switzer became the first woman to wear a Boston bib number and race. Now she's prepping to run it again at the age of 70. Kathrine Switzer joins me now from Boston. Welcome.
KATHRINE SWITZER: Thank you very much. It's wonderful to be with you.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: So it's hard to imagine these days that women would be banned from running in a marathon. Take us back to 1967. What was the thinking behind that?
SWITZER: In 1967, when I pinned on that bib number, I really wasn't trying to prove anything because a woman had actually run the Boston Marathon the year before by just jumping out of the bushes and running. There was nothing about gender in the rulebook in those days because everybody assumed a woman really couldn't run and didn't want to run, and why even bother with it in the rulebook or on the entry form?
And in sports, the longest distance in the Olympic Games, in fact, was just 800 meters. It was feared that anything longer was going to injure women, that they wouldn't be able to have children or they somehow turned into men. That was what was the theory.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: Really, that they were going to turn into men or that their uterus would be damaged?
SWITZER: Absolutely. You know, it was amazing. You'll never be - ever have children, they said. You're going to get big legs. You're going to grow hair on your chest. It was hilarious, the myths. And, of course, when people hear myths, they believe them because to try otherwise might mean damaging yourself. So people were afraid and they just went about their lives that way and restricted themselves.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: But you didn't. You actually entered that 1967 marathon. Tell us a little bit about how you did that and what - and the story behind that.
SWITZER: Well, I entered the race simply because my coach had been a 15-time Boston Marathon runner. And he didn't believe a woman could do it, but he loved running with me and telling me stories about the Boston Marathon. So he energized me. And, you know, when I told him that I really wanted to try and he said he didn't believe a woman could do it, I was bound and determined to prove him wrong.
So we did the - all the right things. We followed all the rules. We signed up using the correct entry form and had our travel permits and our AAU cards. We were parts of the federation. The only thing that challenged it was how I signed my name. I sign my name K.V. Switzer, with my initials. And when the entry form went in, they thought it was from a man.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: The race organizers realized there was a woman on the course, of course. How did they find out, and what happened when they did?
SWITZER: At about a mile and a half into the race, the press truck went by us, and they saw that I was a woman in the race wearing numbers and they began taking pictures. And alongside of the photographer's truck came the officials' press truck. And the race director was on the truck and the guys were teasing him. And he got so angry that there was a girl in the race that he stopped the bus and jumped off it and ran after me and attacked me in the race and tried to pull off my bib numbers, screaming at me, get the hell out of my race and give me those numbers.
And I was just blindsided by this. I was terrified. I was scared. And my boyfriend came along with a full streak and gave the official a cross-body block and sent him out of the race instead. You know, we laugh about it now because it's so funny when a girl is saved by her burly boyfriend. But, you know, I said to my coach immediately after the incident - and I said, I have to finish this race now because if I drop out of this race, nobody's going to believe that women are serious.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: We should tell our listeners you won the New York City Marathon in the '70s. You came in second in Boston once. You've been running ever since. And now, again, you are going to run the Boston Marathon at 70 years old. What's - what are your hopes for the race day?
SWITZER: You know, what's going to happen on Monday, Patriots' Day here in Boston, is to come back 50 years and celebrate the fact, first of all, that I can run, that I'm capable of doing it, amazingly enough, and I'm very, very grateful for that. And I'm also very grateful for the opportunity to thank a city and the streets that changed my life and help to empower millions of women all around the world and change the face of the sport.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: Kathrine Switzer, good luck out there tomorrow and what an honor to speak with you.
SWITZER: Thank you so much. Good luck everybody and stay fearless.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
News Feature
by Faith DeAmbrose
For some, a birthday can turn from a one-day observation into a “birthday week;” some may be so bold as to celebrate an entire “birthday month,” but the town of Brooksville has been celebrating its 200th birthday all year and the annual Brooksville Day celebration brought the best of Brooksville together for another celebration.
From a craft fair highlighting the beautiful wood pieces of Christina Snow, to sea glass art from Christina Leaf and glass from Bagaduce Art Glass, local artisans shared their wares.
Brooksville's own Tinder Hearth bakery, Boop's Lime Fizz and Mia's Noodle Cart rounded out the food offerings, while parade goers waited for the 11 a.m. start.
Led by members of the Anah Shrine in an assortment of mini lobster boats and trucks, they were followed by the sounds of Atlantic Clarion and the area's steel drum bands and a dozen or so floats made by Brooksville residents and businesses.
Brooksville Elementary School Principal Cammie Lepper and Hancock County Sheriff Scott Kane—both town residents—took to the dunk tank to raise some money. “If you have particularly bad aim, I invite you to come up,” said Lepper as she made her way to the tank platform. The two battled it out, each with an hour in the tank. Lepper raised $62 and Kane $57.50.
Ruthie Stevens, AKA the “Candy Lady” not only participated in the parade as its Grand Marshall, but made peanut butter balls and Needhams (yes, a potato candy) which were served along with birthday cake.
The Darrell Fowler 5K, held the next day, had 100 registrants with Ben Motley the overall winner with a time of 19:17. Other top finishers included Keith Knight, 19:34; Brad Eslin, 19:52; Phoebe Markel, 20:19; and Wes Tate, 20:30 rounding the top five runners.
Parade winners
Grand Prize—Brooksville's 200th Birthday Cake
First Prize—Condon & Sons Garage
Second Place L.A. Dow's Redneck Campground
Third Place—Atlantic Clarion
Staff Reporter
Karachi
State Bank of Pakistan and Karandaaz signed an agreement in Islamabad on Monday under which Karandaaz will support State Bank's efforts to create an enabling environment based on international best practices for digital banks. Karandaaz will provide technical assistance to the State Bank of Pakistan for formulating legal and regulatory framework including licensing criteria for digital banks in Pakistan. The agreement was signed by Syed Irfan Ali, Executive Director, State Bank of Pakistan and CEO Karandaaz, Ali Sarfraz. Mr. Riaz Riazuddin, Deputy Governor State Bank of Pakistan, dignitaries from SAARC countries currently in Islamabad to attend the SAARC Finance Forum 2018, and other senior officials witnessed the signing ceremony.
Improving the efficiency, effectiveness and fairness of the banking system through strengthening and streamlining the regulatory and supervisory framework are amongst the six main goals of State Bank of Pakistan's Vision 2020. The banking sector and market players at present need regulatory direction to offer services as standalone digital banks. State Bank of Pakistan is already working to introduce a separate category of banking services through promulgation of a framework for digital banks in Pakistan. The output of this engagement will be comprehensive recommendations for formulation of the regulatory framework, including licensing criteria and any amendments required in existing legal frameworks for the advent of digital banks in Pakistan.
Speaking at the occasion, Syed Irfan Ali, Executive Director State Bank said, “In Pakistan, more than 90 percent of the population has access to most affordable ICT services in the world. The consumers' use of electronic payments in Pakistan has grown significantly in recent years. This trend will accelerate in coming years due to the vision of State Bank of Pakistan on provision of digital financial services, especially to financially excluded segment of population.”
While speaking at the occasion Mr. Ali Sarfraz, CEO Karandaaz said, “The technical assistance will include extensive review of existing laws, rules & regulations and international best practices on regulatory frameworks for digital banks. Extensive consultations will be held with the industry players for developing a robust and conducive regulatory regime for digital banks.”
The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) is incorporated under the State Bank of Pakistan Act, 1956, which gives the Bank the authority to function as the central bank of the country. The SBP Act mandates the Bank to regulate the monetary and credit system of Pakistan and to foster its growth in the best national interest with a view to securing monetary stability and fuller utilization of the country's productive resources.
Karandaaz Pakistan, promotes access to finance for small and medium businesses through a commercially-directed investment platform, and financial inclusion of individuals by enabling digital financial services. The company has financial and institutional support from the United Kingdom's Department for International Development (DFID) and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF).
The Internet is a great success and an abject failure. We need a new and better one. Let me explain why.
We are about to enter an era when online services are about to become embedded into pretty much every activity in life. We will become extremely dependent on the safe and secure functioning of the underlying infrastructure. Whole new industries are waiting to be born as intelligent machines, widespread robotics, and miniaturized sensors are everywhere.
There are the usual plethora of buzzwords to describe the enabling mechanisms, like IoT, 5G and SDN/NFV. These are the "trees", and focusing on them in isolation misses the "forest" picture.
The Liverpool to Manchester railway (opened 1830) crossing a canal.
* * *
What we really have today is a Prototype Internet. It has shown us what is possible when we have a cheap and ubiquitous digital infrastructure. Everyone who uses it has had joyous moments when they have spoken to family far away, found a hot new lover, discovered their perfect house, or booked a wonderful holiday somewhere exotic.
For this, we should be grateful and have no regrets. Yet we have not only learned about the possibilities, but also about the problems. The Prototype Internet is not fit for purpose for the safety-critical and socially sensitive types of uses we foresee in the future.
It simply wasn't designed with healthcare, transport or energy grids in mind, to the extent it was 'designed' at all. Every "circle of death" watching a video, or DDoS attack that takes a major website offline, is a reminder of this. What we have is an endless series of patches with ever growing unmanaged complexity, and this is not a stable foundation for the future.
The fundamental architecture of the Prototype Internet is broken, and cannot be repaired. It does one thing well: virtualise connectivity. Everything else is an afterthought and is (by and large) a total mess. Performance, security, maintainability, deployability, privacy, mobility, resilience, fault management, quality measurement, regulatory compliance, and so on…
We have spent three decades throwing bandwidth at all quality and performance problems, and it has failed. There is no security model in the present Internet: it is a pure afterthought patched onto an essentially unfixable global addressing system. When your broadband breaks, it is nearly impossible to understand why, as I have personally found (and I am supposed to be an expert!).
It isn't just the practical protocols that are broken. The theoretical foundations are missing, and its architecture justification is plain wrong. First steps are fateful, and when you misconceive of networking as being a "computer to computer" thing, when it is really "computation to computation", there is no way back. The choice to reason about distributed computing in terms of layers rather than scopes [PDF] is an error that cannot be undone.
The problem is not just a technical issue. It is a cultural and institutional one too. Engineering is about taking responsibility for failure, and the IETF does not do this. As such, it is claiming the legitimacy benefits of the "engineer" title without accepting the consequent costs. This is, I regret to say, unethical. Real and professional engineering organizations need to call them out on this.
We see many examples of failed, abandoned or unsatisfactory efforts to fix the original design. Perhaps the most egregious is the IPv4 to IPv6 transition, which creates a high transition cost with minimal benefits and thus has dragged on for nearly 20 years. It compounds the original architecture errors, rather than fixes them. For instance, the security attack surface grows enormously with IPv6, and the size and cost of routing table sizes are unbounded.
The economic model of the Prototype Internet is absolutely crazy. We now have a system of quality rationing that incentivises edge providers to generate the most aggressive, inefficient and least collaborative application protocols. No other industry seeks to punish its most enthusiastic customers with data caps and "fair usage" policies. This problem is down to a persistent disconnect between pricing and inherent resource costs.
The regulatory system is also caught up in the incompetent insanity of 'net neutrality'. Such a monumental failure to grasp basic technical facts is an embarrassment to a supposedly advanced scientific civilisation. It delegitimises the role of the regulator in protecting the public.
What we are dealing with is an immature broadband industry grappling with unique problems. We operate at the speed of light. As such, it is difficult to adapt and adopt management and pricing methods developed in other industries that work at the speed of sound or less. However, it is possible to make the jump from skilled numerical craft to hard engineering science, if we accept our present shortcomings.
This is a complex system with many feedback loops and incentives that keep it 'stuck' in an unhappy place. Nobody is to blame, but everybody has a contribution to the madness.
The early 1970s ideas of how packet networks should be built have now reached their use-by date. The rotten smell from the back of the architecture cupboard is seeping out everywhere. It's time to face facts: more of the same beliefs and behaviors just leads to more of the same systemic failures.
The Prototype Internet is a canal system when we need an Industrial Internet railroad. There are no means to transform the former into the latter. The best we can hope for is to use canal transport to build the railroad.
Is this the best we can do in articulating value?The unsatisfactory nature of the present Prototype Internet is unspeakable, as it generates such intense anxiety, shame and fear. We have bet the development of our modern civilization on a digital infrastructure that is extremely fragile. Its quality is out of control. When you cannot measure and manage quality, you can only differentiate on quantity.
The scaling properties of the Prototype Internet are unknown and unknowable. Assumptions based on "it scaled this far so it must scale more" are extremely foolish. This fundamentally fails to grasp that there are hard limits imposed by physics and mathematics to the protocols we have adopted. This is not a hypothesis: there is hard evidence of new (and nasty) scaling problems emerging.
The problem I see is that we keep on pumping resources into a dead-end model. As erudite blogger, Chris Dillow writes in another context: When confronted with evidence against their prior views, people don't change their minds but instead double-down and become more entrenched in their error.
We collectively face a difficult dilemma: at what point do we accept that the present Prototype Internet is indeed just a prototype? And how do we begin to envision and architect its Industrial Internet successor? Do we have to wait for a costly disaster to happen before we make a move?
The good news is that the ingredients for an Industrial Internet are now becoming clear. The essential problems of science, mathematics, and protocols are largely solved, at least in theory. The practical reality of a new and better Industrial Internet is within our reach. It can be achieved in a relatively short timeframe.
The Industrial Internet is one for which security is a first-class design object. Different users and uses can be isolated from one another. Our approach to performance would be the exact opposite to the Prototype Internet. Rather than build networks and then reason about the (emergent) performance, we would reason about the performance and then build (engineered) outcomes.
With the Industrial Internet, we would from the very beginning design-in the features and capabilities to make it cheap to deploy, predictable in operation, and automated to support. We would work backwards from the essential business processes to ensure the right enablers were there from inception.
The management methodologies for 'lean quality' and efficient digital supply chains would be incorporated into the Industrial Internet from the get-go. The ideas of quality systems thinkers like Deming, Goldratt and Hammer would inform our choices and vision. The Industrial Internet is about fitness-for-purpose and low waste; the antithesis of the Prototype Internet's purpose-for-fitness and overprovision everything.
What it now takes is for that vision to be crystallized into a plan of action. The first step is to tell the story of an alternative future where we upgrade from broadband canals to distributed cloud computing railroads. This story then needs to be "made real" with examples of the new model being deployed in the real world to prove the benefits.
Who wants to join me in this mission? Hands up!
* * *
Yes: I am a dreamer. For a dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
— Oscar Wilde, The Critic as Artist
* * *
By Martin Geddes, Founder, Martin Geddes Consulting Ltd. He provides consulting, training and innovation services to telcos, equipment vendors, cloud services providers and industry bodies. For the latest fresh thinking on telecommunications, sign up for the free Geddes newsletter.
Related topics: Internet of Things, Privacy, Security, Telecom, Web
