0:53 Stampede of commuters barely makes it off a burning bus A bus burst into flames in Harbin City, China, after one of the tires caught on fire. More than 50 passengers rushed to evacuate, causing a stampede.
0:45 Woman munches on raw meat outside a train station A woman was seen eating a pound of raw meat outside a train station in central London. The person filming the gruesome sight gasped when she bit into the uncooked ground beef, which she drizzled with oil, and topped off by biting into a whole lemon.
1:13 Cop gets wrestled to the ground and hit with car before suspect's arrest A routine traffic stop turned into a high-speed chase in Georgia, after a driver wrestled a deputy to the ground and escaped arrest. The suspect eventually was driven off the road and charged with possession of a large amount of Xanax and aggravated assault against a law enforcement officer.
0:59 The sex scandals that plagued these political careers Sex scandals are common, especially in politics. In the wake of President Trump's alleged affair with porn star Stormy Daniels, here's a look at the most shocking sex scandals and affairs that left marks on our political history.
0:35 Cyclist goes airborne after he's hit by reckless driver North Wales police released CCTV footage of reckless driver Jake David Tompkinson hitting a cyclist, who went flying through the air. This week, Tompkins was sentenced to a year in prison and a two-and-a-half-year ban on driving. Police say Tompkins was driving carelessly and not paying attention at the time of the incident in July 2017. The biker sustained serious injuries and allowed the footage of his accident to be released to raise awareness of reckless driving.
0:55 Masked couple batter shop owner and steal $35K worth of gold Qatari tourist Mohammed Ibrahim Malki and his lady friend Aisha Udomwatananon donned masks to rob a Thai gold shop. Janyong Nopparat, t he store owner, was hit over the head with a metal bar and repeatedly punched in front of his horrified wife. The thieving couple fled in a car that was rented from a tourist resort miles from the gold shop. They were later found and arrested. Janyong and his wife were traumatized and injured, but they did get the $35,000 worth of gold returned.
0:51 Pepsi thief forgets to cover his face before stealing vending machine One Pepsi was not enough. Two men in Oklahoma City were seen stealing a Pepsi vending machine, after one of the thieves purchased a drink just five minutes before. The bandanna-clad suspects loaded the entire machine into a white pickup truck.
0:57 15-foot python found living inside this man's living room wall Forget the exterminator — time to call a snake charmer. A 15-foot-long python was caught hiding inside the walls of a living room in Bangkok. “This was an unusual place to find the snake,” said one of the rescuers, who hammered through the plasterboard to catch the serpent. “We think it got inside though a gap in the wall to shelter from the rain.”
0:43 Man in 'Frozen' drag pushes a police van out of the snow “Let him go!” cheered onlookers, as a man dressed as Elsa from “Frozen” pushed a police van out of a Boston snowbank. The 37-year-old attorney said he donned the Disney princess costume because he wanted to blend in during the storm, which dropped 16 inches of snow on South Boston.
Forgive me for being uncomfortable. This is my first time on a psychiatrist's couch.
Psychiatrist: No problem. Just tell me what you're feeling.
Me: Well, I'm excited, stressed out, and also depressed. I somehow advanced in my fantasy football league playoffs, but I lost my quarterback, Carson Wentz, to a season-ending knee injury. I guess I should be happy I'm still alive, but I'm not sure what to do at QB, or even other positions that could be affected. Plus, I've already had to overcome the losses of David Johnson, Odell Beckham Jr., Dalvin Cook, Deshaun Watson …
Psychiatrist: I'm sorry, are you saying you had all these players on your team and you still made the fantasy playoffs?
Me: Hey, back off! I'm projecting here! But mainly, I just need to figure out what to do at QB first.
Psychiatrist: What do you think you should do?
Me: Well, I am going to check on Jimmy Garoppolo. If he's available, that will make me feel a bit better. If not, Blake Bortles has some soft matchups the next couple of weeks, and he has played well recently. If Tyrod Taylor is deemed healthy, he's a third option. I even could just plug in Nick Foles. Plus I'm worried other players could be impacted by Wentz's injury.
Psychiatrist: What do you mean?
Me: Does this make Jay Ajayi usable again? He's averaging nearly 7 yards an attempt since he was traded, but Sunday was the first time he got double-digit carries. His use has increased steadily, and LeGarrette Blount's has declined, so that's something. What do you think?
Psychiatrist: I'm more interested in what you think.
Me: Well, even if I can start having more confidence in Ajayi, I can't say the same about the receivers. Alshon Jeffrey hadn't lived up to his draft cost even with Wentz. That's not going to improve with Foles. Nelson Agholor has been just a bye-week filler or daily-league dart. There's no way Zach Ertz, when he returns from a concussion, continues to dominate like he has, right?
Psychiatrist: I'm confused. Do you have anyone other than Philadelphia Eagles on your fantasy team?
Me: Hey, back off! I'm projecting here! Anyway, maybe I could pick up Marquise Goodwin or Dede Westbrook to offset expected Jeffrey regression? I could take a flyer on Mike Wallace in a Ravens offense that suddenly is putting up big points. Either of those is better than Agholor, right? If Ertz plays, I can't sit him for Greg Olsen or Stephen Anderson or Charles Clay or other possible waiver options, because all of them are even bigger question marks. Does that make sense?
Psychiatrist: Does it make sense to you?
Me: At least adding those guys would give me options. But none of these options are a “fix,” they're just survival-instinct reactions, percentage plays to marginally increase the dwindling possibility of a league title. What do you think?
Psychiatrist: I think time's up. Let's do this again next week.
Hurry, act now
Joe Flacco QB, Ravens
Back-to-back weeks with 250-plus passing yards and two touchdowns. Not dynamic production, but with Browns and Colts up next, not a bad backup option.
Theo Riddick RB, Lions
Riddick has gotten extra touches and delivered while Ameer Abdullah is sidelined with a neck injury. Makes no sense for him not to remain significant part of the offense the rest of the way.
Mike Davis RB, Seahawks
Feature-role RBs are hard to find late in the season, even ones who have to run behind a decrepit offensive line like Seattle's.
Dede Westbrook WR, Jaguars
Juicy matchups with the Texans and 49ers upcoming. Better add than teammate Keelan Cole based on target volume (Westbrook had eight this week, just three for Cole).
Not so fast
Rod Smith RB, Cowboys
Got big receiving TD late and tacked on rushing score. But this is still Alfred Morris' backfield for one more week, until Ezekiel Elliott returns.
Jonathan Stewart RB, Panthers
Huge three-TD day, but came on pair of 1-yarders, which are situational, and a long run, which don't happen often. Outside of 60-yard score, averaged less than 3 yards per carry.
Tyler Lockett WR, Seahawks
Had a big game against the league's best secondary, so of course he is worth a waiver grab, right? Not so fast. He has just one other game over 15 fantasy points, and had just two last season.
Trey Burton TE, Eagles
Not with Zach Ertz likely returning, and not with Nick Foles at QB.
CLEVELAND — In a rambling video, Steve Stephens said, “I snapped, I just snapped.” But as the manhunt dragged on Monday for the man accused of posting Facebook footage of himself killing a Cleveland retiree, police were unable to explain what set him off.
“Only Steve knows that,” Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said as authorities posted a $50,000 reward for Stephens' capture in the shooting of Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker.
In the video, Stephens blamed a former girlfriend he had lived with, saying he woke up last week and “couldn't take it anymore.” But in a statement Monday, the woman shed little light on what might have gone wrong and said Stephens was good to her and her children.
As for the shooting victim, Godwin appeared to have been selected at random, gunned down while picking up aluminum cans Sunday afternoon after spending Easter with some of his children.
A manhunt that started in Cleveland's gritty east side expanded rapidly into a nationwide search for Stephens, a 37-year-old job counselor who worked with teens and young adults, police said.
“He could be nearby. He could be far away or anywhere in between,” FBI agent Stephen Anthony said.
Law enforcement officials said his cellphone signal was last detected on Sunday afternoon in Erie, Pennsylvania, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of Cleveland.
Police reported getting dozens and dozens of tips, and nine schools in Philadelphia were locked down Monday while authorities investigated possible sightings of Stephens. But they said there was no sign he was actually there.
Some of those who know Stephens described him as pleasant and kind, while some said he had a gambling problem. He filed for bankruptcy two years ago.
“He got along with everybody, so it's just unbelievable what happened,” said Alexis Lee, a friend who saw Stephens last week.
The police chief said: “We are not going to pinpoint a specific thing and say this is what triggered this, because we don't know.”
Godwin's daughter said he was killed while collecting cans in a plastic shopping bag.
“Not because he needed the money, it was just something he did,” said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. “That's all he was doing. He wasn't harming anyone.”
She said her father, who had 10 children, was a gentle man with nothing mean about him.
In the shooting video, Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” The victim did not seem to recognize the woman's name. The gunman then pointed a weapon at Godwin, who shielded his face with the plastic bag.
The woman Stephens spoke of, Joy Lane, said in a text to CBS that “we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened.” She said Stephens was “a nice guy” who was generous to everyone.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite his claim in a separate video on Facebook that he killed over a dozen people.
Detectives spoke with Stephens on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade him to surrender, police said.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a social service agency in suburban Cleveland that deals with vulnerable young people. He helped them gain job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer.
An extensive background check before he was hired turned up nothing worrisome, she said.
Stephens filed for bankruptcy in January 2015. His attorney at the time, Trent Binger, said Monday that he remembered Stephens discussing gambling problems.
“He was an easy client to deal with,” Binger said. “Always respectful to me … well-mannered.”
Chidera Eggerue, 23, used to resent her drooping breasts and dreamed of the day she could get a boob job. Now she is encouraging women to love their bosom buddies – no matter the size or sag.
Chidera Eggerue has learned to love her body – saggy boobs and all – and now she wants to help others to do the same. The 23-year-old award-winning British blogger, better known as the Slumflower, is the driving force behind Saggy Boobs Matter, an online movement that challenges unrealistic expectations of what breasts should look like. “A lack of representation of saggy-looking boobs when I used to go bra shopping in M&S [as a young teenager] made me realise that something is wrong with the way the world views women's bodies,” Eggerue told BuzzFeed News.
how to style saggy boobs: a tutorial step 1 - wear the damn outfit. step 2 - remember not to care. we are all dy… https://t.co/YsWvzglnn6
“The packaging would always have a picture of a white woman with perky boobs, yet when I'd try on the same bra in my correct size, my boobs just wouldn't look like the model pictured.” Pretty soon she had developed a complex and started to resent her boobs. “It was so bad that at that age I had already decided that I'd get a boob job once I got my first job at 18,” Eggerue said. “I reached 18 and didn't get a job, let alone a boob job, so I continued self-loathing until I reached 19 and became tired of feeling like a stranger in my own body. I decided I'd had enough and made the choice to stop wearing a bra.”
Advertisement
Though Eggerue feels confident in her own skin, she wanted to share her journey towards self-acceptance to contribute to the wider conversation about body positivity. Since July 2017, she has been sharing pictures of herself without a bra, with captions that are defiant and inspirational. “Fast-forward to 23: I've now reached a position of feeling comfortable in my body, but I wanted other women to feel like this, so I had to start the conversation by using my own body as an example,” she said.
“Through creating #SaggyBoobsMatter, I have been able to help women articulate their own body image hangups – especially slim women who don't really know where they stand in the body positivity movement.” Eggerue sees the shaming of saggy boobs as a vicious cycle: “Saggy boobs are underrepresented. Being underrepresented makes you feel alien to society. This fosters insecurities in people who don't have the mental strength to see value in themselves beyond other people's standards.” Her passion, however, does come with a price. As her tweets and Instagram started to go viral, she came under immense scrutiny not only from those who thought Saggy Boobs Matter was a bit of a joke, but also from some who made disparaging remarks about her natural assets and ordered her to put a bra on. “Overall, I think the movement has been received with a lot of sarcasm and insults from men and a few confused women, which doesn't surprise me,” Eggerue said. “This concerns me a lot because other women who look like me are seeing some of the horrible responses to this movement and are now probably feeling more insecure about their bodies when they see the vitriol I receive for showing up boldly and proudly. “Most of the responses have been horrible and disappointing, but I've learnt to not take them so personally. Men are socialised to see women as vaginas that think, sometimes. Because of this, women's bodies are picked apart as if we only exist to satisfy.
The next time a man asks you why your boobs are saggy, ask him why his balls are saggy. #SAGGYBOOBSMATTER
“Men do not see women as people until you remind them of the women they have close proximity to, so what they fail to understand is that they have to be very mindful when hurling insults at me about my body, because other women who look like me are seeing these comments.”
She said it hasn't been just men who have criticised the movement. “In regards to the women who have been horrible, it's disappointing because they also benefit from this movement. “Women who condemn other women's bodies are simply seeking comfort by aligning themselves with their oppressor, who will still use that very same patriarchal system to oppress them, too,” Eggerue said. Things took a particularly nasty turn when one of her pictures was turned into a meme poking fun at her and another black woman.
I love being body-shamed and slandered by Nigerian musicians. Thank you for being horrible @DONJAZZY. Hope it's w… https://t.co/5shdPJLpgm
The meme was shared by Nigerian music producer Don Jazzy, one of the biggest names in Afrobeats, to his 3 million followers. “It was quite hurtful to see that a stranger had gone to my page, stolen a photo of me that I took on my birthday, and thought it would be a good idea to turn it into a meme comparing women to phone battery life,” she said. “My photo was compared to a dying phone battery, meaning that I was seen as unattractive. What was more hurtful was seeing the meme shared by a famous Nigerian musician with a very large audience, so the comments were full of strangers laughing at my body.” When she expressed her disappointment about the meme, the abuse started. Eggerue was called an attention-seeker and told to get over it – that it wasn't a big deal. “No matter how much you love yourself, randomly seeing strangers laugh at your body is not a nice feeling at all,” Eggerue said. “Cyberbullying does not stop being cyberbullying just because a person is popular/famous.” Don Jazzy later apologised and deleted his post, but it made Eggerue more determined to spread her message. She wants women to know that “you were made with intention and your body is not a mistake”.
“By force, we will all have to learn that the only way to normalise something is to see it repeatedly. So if you have an issue with saggy boobs, you have to ask yourself why a person's body offends you,” she added. “For the women who look like me: Your saggy boobs matter. And from now until you die, what's going to matter, ultimately, is your character. Sometimes people are scared of what they haven't been taught to accept. We still have to exist loudly, though.” Eggerue said that she's been receiving messages from women from around the world telling her that her campaign has helped them.
Gemia Jones, a student at Hinds Community College in Raymond, Mississippi, is one of the people who have been inspired to celebrate her breasts using the hashtag #SaggyBoobsMatter. “I think the movement is great,” she told BuzzFeed News. “I have my own insecurities, so it was nice to see a movement that kinda empowered body positivity or whatever.”
#SAGGYBOOBSMATTER | im here for it. 🙂
“Seeing you in all your glory has given me the confidence to say fuck it (some days) and not wear a bra. Saggy boobs matter!” wrote Twitter user @dase_xo. “Update: turns out @theslumflower started a #SAGGYBOOBSMATTER movement and I've finally found my home 🏽 #bracott2018,” tweeted another.
Eggerue said it has been “an overwhelming experience receiving so many lovely and deeply personal messages from women who have found comfort in this movement”.
“I've had breastfeeding mothers message me telling me that this movement has helped them in their postpartum journey, and that, for me, is so important because the people who are being hateful towards this movement have conveniently forgotten that a large majority of them were breastfed on saggy boobs.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Contact Ikran Dahir at ikran.dahir@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
(AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File). FILE - In this June 13, 2017, file photo, Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett walks off the field following NFL football practice in Renton, Wash. Bennett says he will sit during the national anthem this seaso...
By DAN GREENSPANAssociated Press
CARSON, California (AP) - Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett plans to sit during the national anthem this season to protest social injustice - and expects a backlash over an issue that is "bigger than a sport."
He sat on the visiting bench during "The Star-Spangled Banner" before a preseason opener against the Los Angeles Chargers, a decision he made before weekend protests by white supremacists at the University of Virginia.
The violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, including the death of a young woman struck by a car deliberately driven into a group of counter-protesters Saturday, solidified Bennett's decision.
"With everything that's been going on the last couple of months and especially after the last couple of days, seeing everything in Virginia, seeing what's going on out there earlier today in Seattle, I just wanted to be able to use my platform to be able to continue to speak over injustice," Bennett said.
"First of all, I want people to understand I love the military. My father was in the military. I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American, but I don't love segregation," he added. "I don't love riots. I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve, and I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message of that, you know, and keep journeying out and keep finding out how unselfish can we be as a society."
Bennett was at least the third prominent NFL player to protest during the anthem in the first full week of preseason games. Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, a former teammate of Bennett's in Seattle, also sat. Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised his right fist, continuing his approach from last season following then-San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick's decision to kneel during the anthem.
Kaepernick is a free agent, and the fallout from his protest has not abated, even as he remains unsigned.
Bennett is willing to deal with similar consequences.
"Of course, I'm going to face backlash," he said. "This is bigger than me. This is bigger than football. This is bigger than anything that we have. This is about people. This is about bringing opportunities to people, giving people equality. This is bigger than a sport."
Bennett said he had spoken with several other NFL players about possible protests, but had not talked with Lynch yet. While he acknowledged the possibility of more widespread and organized protests, Bennett wanted to express himself.
"I think everybody has a time where they feel like they need to be who they are and stand up for what they believe in," Bennett said.
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll did not have a response to Bennett's actions, saying he became aware of it only after the game.
Bennett said the aim of his protest is to make people uncomfortable. In the process, he hopes to spur greater communication, understanding and involvement across racial, gender and socio-economic lines.
"Everyone is in their comfort zone right now," Bennett said. "Get out there and become uncomfortable. Go out there and see what it's like out there in society right now."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Cuba's baseball coaches go rogue, chase umpires off field If you're going down, go down swinging. The Cuban National Team made use of that axiom Thursday night in an exhibition, 6-5 loss to the Canadian-American League's Rockland Boulders. After...
Jonathan Papelbon has lots of backers in Bryce Harper fallout Looks like Jonathan Papelbon has more teammates standing in his corner. Former Nationals reliever Drew Storen told TuneIn's “The Bullpen with David Aardsma” in January that Papelbon would win a...
Jose Bautista opens up on fight with two Odor accusations The punch heard 'round the baseball world was apparently premeditated. According to Blue Jays slugger Jose Bautista, the overhand right that he took on the chin from Rangers second baseman...
Why Rougned Odor has no Jose Bautista punching regrets OAKLAND, Calif. — Rangers infielder Rougned Odor said he expected to be suspended for punching Toronto's Jose Bautista during Sunday's game in Arlington. Odor said he doesn't regret it. He...
Bloomberg News/Landov American businesses got a huge tax cut in the first quarter, but they didn't spend their savings.
American businesses got a huge tax cut in the first quarter, but they didn't do much with the extra cash. Most of the dough ended up in their bank accounts.
Taxes on corporate profits sank 26% to an annual rate of $328.2 billion in the first quarter, the Commerce Department said Wednesday. In other words, that's how much the government would collect for the full year if companies paid roughly the same amount of taxes in the final three quarters of 2018.
By contrast, federal, state and local governments brought in $466.7 billion in corporate taxes in 2017, $471 billion in 2016 and $507.4 billion in 2015.
Read: Jobs report expected to point to better hiring — and increased interest rates
For the most part, the tax savings fattened up the bottom line. Cash flow rose at a $100 billion annual rate while dividends increased at a scant $3.4 billion pace.
The tax breaks certainly came as a big relief to business. Pretax corporate profits actually fell for the second quarter in a row, but they surged almost 6% after taxes.
And aftertax profit is up 14% from a year earlier.
Also Read: U.S. trade deficit falls slightly in April
“Despite the surge in after-tax profits, dividend payments increased by a trivial 0.3%, with most of the extra cash just sitting on corporate balance sheets,” said Paul Ashworth of Capital Economics.
The Trump administration cut corporate taxes to try to spur companies to relocate or expand in the U.S. and to invest more at home. Businesses have increased investment in the past year, but not nearly enough to show the tax cuts are achieving Republican goals.
Kevin Durant spent last offseason at a jaw-dropping rental property in Hollywood Hills West. Now, he's putting down some roots in Southern California.
According to The Los Angeles Times, Durant purchased a 5,136-square-foot oceanside property in Malibu last week for $12.05 million.
The multi-level home includes four bedrooms and six baths. It underwent an extensive remodel in 2013. Via the Redfin listing, the home is a fully automated smart house with a lofted gym, theater, elevator and surround sound throughout.
Let's take a look inside.
WASHINGTON (NBC News) – President Trump's oddly cryptic statement before a meeting with military leaders Thursday night is drawing scrutiny.
“You guys know what this represents, maybe it's the calm before the storm,” the president said before a dinner with his top military advisers.
Mr. Trump refused to clarify the remark, which many believe referred to either action against North Korea's nuclear weapons program or a withdrawal from the Iran nuclear pact.
Follow @insidefutbol
Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher has admitted he would love to see Leeds United or Sheffield Wednesday earn promotion back to the Premier League for next season.
Both Yorkshire clubs are pushing hard to finish in the Championship's top six and finish the campaign in a playoff spot, opening up a window of opportunity to return to the Promised Land.
And Carragher, who knows the north of England could lose three clubs from the Premier League this term, with Sunderland, Middlesbrough and Hull City all struggling, would love to see one of the two Yorkshire giants get back up.
He said on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football: "No disrespect to the other clubs, but it would be nice if a Sheffield Wednesday or a Leeds came back.
"It would be nice if a big, historical club came back [into the Premier League]", Carragher added.
Leeds have not played top flight football since being relegated in the 2003/04 campaign and their spell out of the Premier League has also included a stint in the third tier of the English game.
Sheffield Wednesday have been out of the Premier League even longer than their Yorkshire rivals, being relegated in 2000.
At present the Owls sit fifth in the Championship table, while Leeds are seventh, kept outside the top six by goal difference.
In a year filled with wonderfully realized open world games — The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Horizon Zero Dawn, Nier: Automata — it's difficult to wander around the world of Agents of Mayhem and not feel an overwhelming sense of missed potential. Volition's Saints Row spin-off, godly secret agents link up to stop the threats posed by an evil, shadowy syndicate of supervillains. Its futuristic version of Seoul, South Korea is aesthetically interesting. Its story — which parodies 1980s cartoons and superhero stories — is authentic. Despite showing flashes of fun, the game's big, theoretically inviting world devolves into a generic assemblage of open-world tropes that rarely compels you to stick around. As you'll discover in our Agents of Mayhem review, the game's diverse cast of interesting heroes rise to the occasion, but ultimately cannot save a monotonous adventure.
Out with the Saints…
Agents of Mayhem spawns from one of many endings of from Saints Row IV's “Gat out of Hell” DLC. In a world without the Third Street Saints, Saint's Row's titular street gang turned world power, a new breed of G.I. Joe-inspired shadow organization has filled in the void, you know, as they do. L.E.G.I.O.N. — the League of Evil Gentlemen Intent on Obliterating Nations — destroyed all of the world's governments, and now, under the direction of the nefarious Dr. Babylon, its planning the next step of its master plan in Seoul. You control the agents of M.A.Y.H.E.M. — Multinational Agency Hunting Evil Masterminds — who exist to foil Legion's plans. Funded by the Ultor Corporation from Saints Row, and led by Persephone Brimstone from Gat Out of Hell, the agency recruited 12 heroes to retake the world from evil.
From the get-go, Agents of Mayhem makes it clear that its premise is an excuse for an homage to 1980s cartoons and action movies. The set up itself — a worldwide group of heroes against a group of terrorists obsessed with world domination — creates a status quo ripped right out of G.I. Joe, and smaller details take cues from Knight Rider, the A-Team, and other 80's nerd culture. The game retains this stylistic choice throughout, which both helps and hinders the experience.
Agents of Mayhem spins 1980s pop culture into parody. G.I. Joe's infamous PSAs are parodied in the game's loading screens, with agents making bold, often bizarre statements.
Your standard car can talk, KIT-style, appearing out of nowhere on command. And agents don't hop in the car through the door — they are too cool for that; Instead, a slow-motion scene shows them jumping above the hood, posing, and teleporting into the driver's seat, leaving a trailer of purple pixels you might see in Wargames or Transformers.
Agents of Mayhem's premise is an excuse for an homage to 1980s
The game keeps the schtick going non-stop, with jokes and references sprinkled liberally throughout via animated cut scenes and in-mission dialogue. The agents are both self-deprecating and overly confident. The villains are both brash and naive.
Maintaining Saints Row's distinctive brand of crude humor, there are countless sexual innuendos, awkward puns, and downright silly proclamations coming from both sides. Rather than making the whole world zany though, Agents of Mayhem takes a more dialed-in approach, only using humor that fits the situation.
And in with the Agents
There is no greater fount of humor than the agents themselves. The diverse cast of characters that make up M.A.Y.H.E.M.'s A-Team-esque caravan of heroes is an eclectic bunch, comprising a wide, though admittedly shallow, variety of trope-laden characters.
There's Daisy, a Chicago Roller Derby girl with a mini-gun, who skates across the city. Rama, an immunologist from India, uses a long-range bow on her pursuit of truth to discover the origins of a plague that devastated her country. Scheherazade, a swift sword fighting ninja from the Middle East with a mysterious past, can teleport around the battlefield. Each hero earns the right to be called a hero in a different way, and showcases that with his or her own flair in both dialogue and in battle. The agency is a melting pot, and each agent brings something different to the table.
That being said, while the agents are interesting at face value, they never truly develop throughout their long adventure. Each agent suggests a promising personality, but fails to grow or extend beyond cookie-cutter caricatures. Perhaps this is because there are so many of them, or because the characters they're based on were paper thin to begin with. Regardless, it's hard to get attached to any of them.
Despite their narrative deficiencies, you can really feel the differences between the different agents when you control them. Each one has his or her own primary weapon, along with special and super-moves (Mayhem abilities). The characters resemble those from hero-based shooters like Overwatch. As you play, the agents in your squad level up, earn new ability upgrades and gadgets that modify buffs. The customization options are robust, and really do solidify each hero as a unique entity.
Each character is unique, but their talents are not used to great effect. Before you enter the game's overworld, you choose a “squad” of three agents to fill your squad. Only one is present at a time, but you can swap among them at any time. This can lead to some high-octane strings of attacks, and essentially gives you three lives.
As you unlock more agents, deciding who to bring comes down to personal preference. A few missions require heroes with particular skill sets, but for the most part, you're free to tinker with different combinations of heroes. That said, there is some strategy in mixing and matching characters with short, mid, and, long range attack styles.
Even the most important levels are cobbled together from its basic mission types.
Like latter Saints Row games, the agents feel more like superheroes than secret spies. They can jump and scale buildings, take no damage from huge falls, and are supremely resistant to all manner of violence. You have unlimited ammo. Your special moves, which operate on a cooldown, regenerate quickly. The balance is highly customizable (there are 15 difficulty settings), but the game defaults to giving you the run of the place. As exciting as it is to control a superhero, there comes a point when feeling nigh-invincible is a detriment.
Even with super-human abilities, though, enemies take an inordinate amount of time to fall. Your foes are classic “bullet sponges,” taking many magazines worth ammunition to take down. Hit points fly off of their metallic bodies, reminding you that you're doing damage even as they return fire unfazed.
Rinse and repeat
Sadly, our superheroes are relegated to performing less-than-super tasks much of the game. Agents of Mayhem has a predictable pattern of conventional open-world missions: search and destroy, “hack” (via a timing minigame) and steal some data, shoot waves of enemies, races — all the kinds of missions you'd expect to find littering a game's city map.
Sadly, our superheroes are relegated to performing less-than-super tasks much of the game.
That in and of itself isn't necessarily a knock on the game; many good open-world games feature similar mission types. The bigger issue is that the game lacks spectacle: Even the most important levels are cobbled together from its basic mission types, remixing them into drawn out takes on the same tasks you've completed a dozen times before.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
It doesn't help that the missions are almost always too long. Quite often, you're asked to go investigate a lead on Legion's nefarious doings, only to find out that you were too late and must travel somewhere else to investigate. Without a strong story hook, this “gotcha” mechanic fails to beef up missions, and simply wastes time.
Mayhem's most egregious problem, perhaps, is its flagrant use of recycled assets and environments. Missions frequently task you with finding one of a handful of secret entrances for Legion's lairs scattered around Seoul, all of which look and feel identical. We lost track of how many times we encountered with the same layout, enemies, and goals. In a game that relies so much on personality and style, using rehashed environments and identical art feels like a cardinal sin.
At the very least, the tedious missions can be broken up by the game's optional hero-specific side missions, which are just as repetitive, but at least feature a hefty helping of character development. In these missions, we learn more about why each agent joined M.A.Y.H.E.M. Playing to the game's strengths, these missions, made us wish that the whole game were built that way.
A cluttered, empty wasteland
Unfortunately, despite frequent high powered explosions and the myriad of ways to approach combat, the humdrum nature of the missions keeps the game from setting off an explosion worth marveling at.
Agents of Mayhem Compared To
As cool as Mayhem's futuristic take on Seoul may look — nothing will blow you away visually. The big city is cluttered, but still feels empty all the same. Adorned with flashing lights and bedazzled fixtures, Seoul should be brimming with life, but it's actually more like a desert. Few pedestrians roam the sidewalks and not many cars can be found on roads.
The lack of life in the city will not impact your ability to drive like maniac, blowing up cars and streetlights as you go. You can call an agency car at any time, and it will come pick you up in style. Like so many aspects of this game, if you don't look too closely, it's possible to enjoy this run-of-the-mill open world superhero story. In the end, though, it's merely going through the motions.
Our Take
Agents of Mayhem is a generic take on the city open world shooter. A diverse cast of heroes and a few funny one liners save it from being downright bad, but its repetitive missions and bland world firmly solidify its mediocrity.
Is there a better alternative?
Yes, there are a ton of open-world games these days, and many of them are far more interesting. Watch Dogs 2, Grand Theft Auto V, and the PS4 exclusive Horizon: Zero Dawn all offer better big city open world experiences.
How long will it last?
The main campaign took us about 25 hours, with side missions and available contracts adding at least 10 more.
Should you buy it?
No, Agents of Mayhem enters growing list of forgettable open world games.
If you do decide to buy this game, we currently recommend you purchase it on PlayStation 4. Based on our testing on a pre-release version of the retail build, the Xbox One version featured longer load times and framerate issues.
A small park sandwiched between two major San Jose thoroughfares can serve as a pit stop of sorts for bicyclists since several cycle-friendly features were recently installed there.
Riders whose bikes break down on the road can now pull over at Buena Vista Park, between West San Carlos Street and Parkmoor Avenue, and borrow tools to adjust gears or fix a flat at a bike repair stand.
The stand is one of several upgrades completed earlier this month, along with a Free Little Library box for lending or borrowing books, a new drinking fountain and exercise equipment. Also added was a “sharrow”—a shared-lane marking similar to a dedicated bike lane”—on Scott Street .
Many of the new features resulted from a joint effort by neighbors and city parks staff to complete the bike commuting experience, said District 6 Councilwoman Dev Davis. For example, the new fountain is designed to easily fill water bottles, which Davis said will become more common in city parks as older fountains are replaced.
“It's a standard thing now because people are carrying their own water bottles,” Davis said. “There are community members that really enjoy cycling and the parks staff knew the sharrows were going to go in, so they thought (the fountain) was a good idea.”
Buena Vista Neighborhood Association president James Rincon called the changes significant for bikers because of their proximity to the sharrow.
“This will be a resource for cyclists as well as one less impediment for people using bikes to commute,” Rincon said in an email.
Bike repair stands are common at Stanford University and usually have some tools such as an air pump and wrench tethered to them, according to Davis. The Dero brand repair station at Buena Vista has everything necessary to change a flat or adjust brakes, and also a hanger arm so pedals and wheels can spin freely while making adjustments. Davis hopes the repair stands will eventually become a standard park amenity in San Jose.
“The one at this park is actually a pilot project,” she said. “It could become more common if this is a successful project and it works out and people use it.”
Buena Vista Park keeps a low profile, but Davis said it serves an important purpose for the community.
“It's a cute little park,” she said. “It's a great little park for the surrounding neighborhood to just go and have a neighborhood gathering place.”
The park improvements cost about $100,000 and were funded by leftover grants, according to Davis. A small ribbon cutting ceremony will be held at the park on Saturday at 1 p.m.
AHMEDABAD: Half a million Indians have set a new world record by performing a mass rendition of their national anthem, as patriotic sentiment rises under a nationalist government.
The “Jana Gana Mana” anthem was sung by 509,261 people in Gujarat, the home state of Hindu nationalist Prime Minister Narendra Modi, at the opening of a Hindu temple, said Guinness World Records.
“The event attracted close to 1 million people according to the auditors, but only the above number could be accommodated in the record attempt area,” the world record-keeper said on its website.
The feat was accomplished in late January but only validated recently by Guinness World Records.
It smashes the previous record of roughly 254,500 set in the Bangladesh capital Dhaka in 2014.
“We feel very proud to have achieved this record, which is nearly double that of the previous record,” Paresh Gajera, chairman of the organizing committee overseeing the stunt in the western state, told AFP.
The patriotic effort comes amid a fiery debate in India over exploitation of the anthem, and concerns about overt displays of nationalism under Modi's right-wing administration.
The Supreme Court ruled in November that cinemas must play the national anthem before screening movies and audiences should stand for it, drawing angry accusations of an assault on civil liberties.
There have been reports of cinemagoers being assaulted for refusing to stand, while others were arrested for failing to obey the ruling.
Some liberals say freedom of speech is being stifled by Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party, which came to power in 2014.
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. (PG&E) employees work to fix downed power lines burned by wildfires in this aerial photograph taken above Santa Rosa, California, on Oct. 12, 2017.
California utility giants PG&E Corp. and Edison International surged on Tuesday as California policymakers amended a bill to address future wildfire damages that the companies may be on the hook for.
California senators were amending legislation on Tuesday to detail what utilities may be responsible for covering if their power lines were the cause of future wildfires, Paul Payne, a spokesman for state Senator Bill Dodd, a sponsor of the bill. It wasn't immediately clear exactly how the bill is being amended, and the wording is still be finalized, he said.
PG&E surged as much as 7.3 percent on the news, and Edison jumped 4.1 percent. Analysts had estimated that PG&E could face more than $15 billion in claims and Southern California Edison more than $4 billion from wildfires that devastated parts of the state last year. The scale of the destruction by the fires and the uncertainty around whether the utilities will be stuck with the bill has wiped out billions of dollars of market value from both companies.
Critics of the state bill, including the Utility Reform Network, said it would expose ratepayers to future wildfire costs and remained opposed to the amended legislation.
Gabriel Jesus has penned a long and heartfelt farewell to Palmeiras ahead of his impending arrival at Manchester City.
In August, City announced they had won the race for Jesus' signature for a reported initial fee of £27million, the forward agreeing a contract until 2021.
The 19-year-old fired Palmeiras to the Brazilian Serie A title in November, scoring 12 times across the campaign.
And on Monday, Jesus took to Instagram to say thank you to all at the club for everything they had done for him, comparing his departure to "a film with a happy ending".
"The time has come to say goodbye. It's so hard to say goodbye to something that has been so good for you. It's so painful to say goodbye to what has transformed your life and your family," Jesus wrote.
"I arrived at Palmeiras a child and I remember every day here. As every path had its difficulties, difficult moments that made me want to give up, but I believed in my dream and it came true.
"I confess that at this point in writing this message it is difficult to hold back the emotion. There's a movie in my mind. A film with a happy ending.
"As they always say, 'life passes by very quickly. Enjoy it while you can.' I enjoyed every second within Palmeiras. This team gave me the chance to have a profession, to have friends, to have a better life, to make my dream come true. Palmeiras was a great school.
"I will never forget what I experienced here. But life has to go on and it's time to say goodbye, not goodbye, but thank you. Thank you firstly to the club, I will never forget you.
"Thank you to the club officials, who do not appear but are essential to the greatness of Palmeiras. Many thanks to my team-mates who, on and off the field, I have shared joys and sorrows.
"Thank you also to the president and the board who trusted in a homegrown talent. And my biggest thanks to God, who gave me the gift and the privilege of playing for Palmeiras. I will never forget anybody who is part of Palmeiras."
WWE Hall of Famer Pat Patterson (center) was the surprise guest for a live pro wrestling talk show -- hosted by Bruce Prichard (WWE alum Brother Love) and Conrad Thompson (left) -- during Florida Panthers Pro Wrestling Day on Saturday afternoon, March 17 at the BB&T Center in Sunrise. Prichard and Thompson co-host the award-winning, weekly podcast Something to Wrestle with Bruce Prichard. Photo By Nick Mayberry
New Jersey police released body cam footage showing the moments before an officer pummeled a young woman during an off-the-rails arrest at a Wildwood beach — an incident that went viral after cellphone footage of the beatdown circulated on social media.
The 9-minute clip shows cops administer a Breathalyzer to 20-year-old Emily Weinman and another girl as they question the underage women about booze found near their beach blankets.
Weinman appears to pass the test but then becomes hostile and refuses to give her last name when asked.
“You're mad because you thought we were drinking,” she says, according to video.
see also Video shows cop punching beachgoer in head during scuffle A viral video shows a young woman getting pummeled by...
“OK, that's it — I'm done with you,” the officer eventually says, asking his partner if he has any handcuffs on him.
Then Weinman begins to back away, shouting “Don't touch me.”
“You're about to get dropped,” the frustrated officer can be heard saying moments later.
As he gets closer, Weinman shoves the officer, her hands temporarily blocking the body cam.
When a clear picture emerges again moments later, the officer appears to be wrestling her to the ground by her ponytail, footage shows.
“You're choking me. I can't breathe,” Weinman shouts.
The scuffle continues and then the cop can be heard saying “that's it” as he rears back and begins punching her.
Video of the beatdown went viral last week.
The officers eventually get her into cuffs and a waiting police vehicle.
“She tried kicking at us so I slammed her on the ground. She kicked him, so I hit her a couple times and put her in cuffs,” the officer can be heard telling a group of cops after the scuffle.
Cops slapped Weinman with several charges — including two counts of aggravated assault on an officer and possession of alcohol as a minor.
The officers were put on administrative duty while officials investigate the incident.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Marinated and grilled ribeye
14-16 oz rib eye steak (certified angus Beef)
Marinate for 1 each 14/16oz
1 TBS Olive oil
1 clove garlic Chopped fine
1 TBS Worcestershire sauce
1Tbs Balsamic Vinegar
1 TBS soy Sauce
1 TSP Dijon Mustard
1 TSP Q39 steak seasoning
Instructions
-Marinate steak for 12 hrs in plastic sealable bag
- Drain Marinade and season with Q39 steak seasoning
- Spray Grill and steak with NON-stick spray
- Place steak on grill and make grill marks
- Turn steak and continue marking steak
- When reaches desired temperature place on baker's rack to cool for two to three minutes
- Place on plate with favorite sides and enjoy
Grilled fresh herb potato Fries
6 Yukon Gold potatoes
Place in pot with cold water, Bring to simmer for 10-12 minutes until cooked but firm
Cut into 4 or 6 depending on size of potato
6 Tbs Olive oil
6 ea. Clove of garlic finely Chopped
2 tsp Chopped Thyme
2 TBS chives
¼ tsp chili flakes
2 tsp Q39 steak seasoning
Instructions
-Toss Blanched potatoes with ½ marinate
-Grill until hot with char marks
-Remove from grill and toss with remaining marinate
-Serve with Steak
Best chicken wings on the planet
with chipotle BBQ sauce
Chicken Wings
18 ea chicken wings
Cut wing tip off and separate the wing from drumette
Marinate:
1 cup salad oil
¼ cup white vinaigrette
1.5 tsp Granulated Garlic
1.5 tsp onion powder
½ tsp white pepper
½ tsp cane sugar
1 tablespoon salt
Mix well and Hold
Q 39 Chicken Wing Rub
Sauce:
1 ½ cup classic BBQ sauce
1 Tablespoon chipotle puree
1 TBS chopped fresh cilantro
1.5 tsp cider vinegar
Mix and hold until needed
Procedure
Toss trimmed chicken wings in marinate, cover and place in refrigerator overnight 12-20 hrs Drain marinate well in colander but don't dry off Lightly sprinkle rub on wings and let sit while you start you fire Smoke wings on indirect heat with cherry wood at 225 degrees Turn wing after ½ hr and continue cooking After one hour lightly coat wings with BBQ sauce ( should be 160 degrees) Place in disposable pan to hold the amount of chicken wings one layer and wrap tight with foil Cook until wings reach 185-190 degrees ( aprox. ½ hrs) Start a charcoal grill or gas grill and heat until coals turn white Spray grate with nonstick spray Finish the chicken wings by grilling them directly over charcoal and basting with sauce Place on a tray and eat away
Bacon wrapped Shrimp
4 ea 16-20 shrimp wrapped in bacon
2 slices thin bacon
1 oz Jalapeno- cilantro slaw
½ oz chipotle mayo
Roll ½ slice of bacon around shrimp and hold for service
Season with steak seasoning and grill on oak grill to medium
On rectangle plate place cilantro slaw in 4 small piles
Place shrimp one per pile
Drizzle chipotle mayo over shrimp
Serve
Jalapeño Cilantro slaw
½ea. Red onion Julienne
1 ea. red onion
1ea. Jalapeño sliced paper thin
4 cups sliced cabbage
¼ cup chopped cilantro
Mix cabbage mixture
Lime Dressing
2 TBS lime
1 TBS salad oil
To taste Q39 Steak seasoning
Mix together to make vinaigrette
Add lime dressing and season with steak seasoning
Chipotle Mayo
1 cup 1qt Mayo
2 tbs ½ cup Minced red onions
1 Tbs ¼ cup honey
1 ea. 4ea. Fresh lime squeezed
2 tbs 1 can Chipotle peppers without seeds
¼ tsp 1tsp Salt
Puree all ingredients except for mayo, than fold in mayo and re season to taste. Place in squeeze bottle and reserve for service.
Abercrombie's holiday comps rise for the first time in 5 years What a difference a year — and a new CEO — makes. Last February, teen apparel retailer Abercrombie & Fitch was headed down a bad path — losing customers, closing...
Ad man infamous for sex-filled campaigns lists sleek penthouse Art director Sam Shahid — best known for the controversial '80s ads featuring a sexualized Brooke Shields, then just a teenager, in Calvin Klein jeans — is listing a penthouse...
Can Abercrombie & Fitch make millennials fall back in love with them? Sex no longer sells. With its heavily perfumed boutiques and attractive, barely clothed adolescent sales staff, Abercrombie & Fitch ruled the aughts. But the Ohio-based apparel brand has struggled recently...
Abercrombie shares surge nearly 20 percent Abercrombie & Fitch posted a much smaller than expected quarterly loss on Thursday, helped by robust demand for its Hollister brand, sending the company's shares soaring nearly 20 percent. Hollister,...
Alice + Olivia CEO makes appearance at Sun Valley It wouldn't be Sun Valley without fashion maven Stacey Bendet, CEO of Alice + Olivia and daughter-in-law of Michael Eisner. Bendet told us she got a lovely gift of sunglasses...
Abercrombie calls off sale, shares dive 20 percent Abercrombie & Fitch shares got the stitching knocked out of them on Monday. The apparel retailer's stock fell 21 percent after the company said it ended talks with potential acquirers....
Abercrombie & Fitch puts itself on the block Abercrombie & Fitch is working with an investment bank to field takeover interest from other retailers, according to a report. The struggling teen-apparel chain has hired investment bank Perella Weinberg...
Jamie Dornan did nude modeling for Abercrombie Jamie Dornan had some practice before playing Christian Grey.
Abercrombie & Fitch delivers third straight subpar quarter Who said teens are fickle? Perhaps it was Abercrombie & Fitch. The struggling retailer, which also owns Hollister, got slapped by Wall Street on Friday after it delivered lousy third-quarter...
A grieving mum has hit out after a flower arrangement was stolen just hours after it was placed on her son's grave.
Bradley Hirst, from Carnoustie, was found dead at his home last year, aged just 36.
His mum Sheila, 63, had made the flower arrangement and placed it on his grave at Shanwell Cemetery in Carnoustie.
However, just three hours later she discovered that the floral tribute had been stolen.
Sheila said that she had decided to speak out to alert local people about the theft.
She said: “I went along to the cemetery with my husband and we laid the flower arrangement on Bradley's grave.
“Later on, we were at the park with our grandchildren and I was pushing my grandson in his pram.
“I just kept walking because I didn't want him to wake up.
“When I got to the cemetery I found that the flowers had gone — it had only been three hours since we put them there.”
Sheila said she “couldn't believe” that the arrangement had been taken from her son's grave.
She said: “It was really upsetting. You wonder who would do that kind of thing — maybe it was just children who had taken a liking to it and did it innocently but it does hurt.
“It is a low thing to do and it is still upsetting.
“It probably goes on all over the place.
“I didn't think there was any point in phoning the police – what could they do?”
Bradley was born in Johannesburg but moved to Scotland when he was two.
After a brief spell living in Edinburgh, he moved to Carnoustie where he grew up.
He attended Carlogie Primary before moving on to Carnoustie High School.
At the age of 16, Bradley started an apprenticeship in telecommunications with the Ministry of Defence and lived in Portsmouth for four years.
The role saw him spend time working at some of the UK's best-known naval bases including Faslane and Coulport.
He then moved to Dubai — where his brother Garrick was living — and had various jobs before securing work in the oil industry.
The experience he gained in the Middle East eventually saw him move back to Scotland to work in the oil industry in Aberdeen.
While Bradley was working in Dubai he came home for his nephew's christening, where he met future wife Katriona.
The pair hit it off immediately and Katriona decided to visit him in Dubai for a week.
Their future together was sealed when one week turned into three due to the volcanic eruption in Iceland which grounded flights.
One of Bradley's biggest passions was martial arts and he had a black belt in kickboxing.
From Ryan Kent
(April 18, 2017) — The Rick's Trucks and Equipment – Buckeye Outlaw Sprint Series (BOSS) is set to kick off its 2017 tour this Saturday, April 22nd at the Atomic Speedway just south of Chillicothe, Ohio. This will mark the seventh season of competition for the traditional wingless sprint car series that lays claim to being the last true “outlaw” sprint car series.
Founded in 2011, the tour did not see its first repeat champion until last season when the “Guilford Gasser” Shawn Westerfeld of Guilford, Indiana scored his second consecutive title. However, for 2017, the Hoosier hot shoe has elected to pick and choose his events and does not plan to defend the crown.
This opens the door for a whole host of potential new champions. But two past titlists are already gearing up to attempt to join Westerfeld in the history books as a repeat champ. The inaugural points champion, “The Hustlin Hoosier” Dustin Smith of Russiaville, Indiana and 2014 champ Mike “The Magic Man” Miller of Wapakoneta, Ohio both will return.
On Wednesday, watch for the full release of 18 drivers who have committed to the full 2017 title chase. A points payout of $15,000 in cash and prizes awaits the top 15 in year in points, mostly provided by title sponsor Rick's Trucks and Equipment of Kenton, Ohio.
Opening night at Atomic Speedway promises to be a thrilling event. In total, four races have been contested to date on the fast, high banked 3/8 mile dirt track with 2 of those 4 being some of the most exciting finishes in the track's 65 year history. Past winners at Atomic includes California natives Justin Grant and Kody Swanson, Atomic's own local favorite Todd Kane and defending champion Westerfeld who won the last event there back in September.
This Saturday at Atomic, pit gates will be open for teams all day but the pit area will be cleared and officially opened at 2 pm. General admission gates will open at 4. As always, there are no membership or entry fees at all with BOSS. Mufflers are not required for this event. Methanol is available for sale at the track. Also, TCB Speed will have the official BOSS parts trailer on site. Pill draws for registration will close at 6 pm with hot laps immediately following. Pit passes are $35 for this event but there will be no transponder fee.
For more information on this event, please check out Atomic Speedway's website at www.atomicspeedway.net
Complete Payout Information:
25 Lap A-Main: 1) $1500, 2) $900, 3) $700, 4) $600, 5) $500, 6) $450, 7) $400, 8) $375, 9) $350, 10) $325, 11) $300, 12) $290, 13) $280, 14) $270, 15) $260, 16) $250, 17) $250, 18) $250, 19) $250, 20) $250.
All cars competing but not making the main event will earn $100
Heat race payouts: 1) $40, 2) $30, 3) $20, 4) $10
Heat race pay is provided by the following sponsors
Heat #1: DRC Chassis of Indianapolis, IN
Heat #2: Lias Tire / American Racer
Heat #3: Hoosier Race Tires
Heat #4: TCB Speed Equipment
Bonus Awards Provided by the following sponsors:
Hard Charger Award $50 – The Bridge Restaurant ; Sidney, Ohio
Hard Luck Award $50 – J F Construction ; Bucyrus, Ohio
Steel Block Award $50 – Cowen Truck Lines ; Perrysville, Ohio
Perseverance Award $50 – All Pro Cylinder Heads ; Johnstown, Ohio
Lucky Pill Draw Award $50 – Apple Metal Polishing ; Eldorodo, Ohio
Sweet Move of the race $25 – McMillin Apiaries ; Wampum, Pennsylvania
Special thanks to additional sponsors who help provide the top 15 points teams tow money which include:
The Blue Room Restaurant ; Kirby, Ohio
Cooley Cabinets ; Greenville, Ohio
Griff's Racing Engines ; Sandusky, Ohio
FAST Signs ; Dayton, Ohio
Southeast Harley-Davidson ; Cleveland, Ohio
Superior Bearing & Supply ; Bradenton, Florida
Citigroup Inc. is restructuring its credit markets, municipal securities and securitized markets operations into a new unit to be led by Mickey Bhatia and Joe Geraci.
The pair will assume their posts atop the business, to be known as global spread products, in early May as credit markets chief Carey Lathrop steps down and takes a leave of absence from the company, according to a memo to staff. Ward Marsh will be chairman of global spread products.
“While these three franchises each have their own distinct needs and constitutions, their products have increasingly become a continuum,” Paco Ybarra, the New York-based bank's head of markets, said in the memo. “We thank Carey for his contributions and look forward to him assuming new challenges upon his return.”
It's at least the second time in a year that Citigroup has reorganized those operations. Last May, it named Bhatia and Lathrop to oversee its newly combined credit and securitized products businesses. Credit products range from investment-grade corporate bonds to credit-default swaps and loans made to heavily-indebted companies.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Stars align for prizewinning Pinot Noir
Wild Earth Wines, near Cromwell, has had a good haul of gold medals this month. Its 2015 yet-to-be-released Pinot Noir won the only Central Otago gold awarded in the 2017 Decanter Asia Wine Awards earlier this month, and it was the first time it had entered that competition. Source, Otage Daily Times
Suburban apartments are popping up
11030 David Taylor Drive is currently an undeveloped field off West Mallard Creek Church Road but is one of several locations where developers are planning big new, suburban apartment complexes. Even as attention focuses on the high profile sites next to the light rail and uptown office towers, developers are turning their focus to the suburbs, where there's cheaper land and plenty of demand.
Donald Trump kicked off Hispanic Heritage Month on Friday during an event at the White House. He did this after his thoroughly embarrassing tour of hurricane-devastated Puerto Rico in which he lobbed rolls of paper towels at victims of the hurricane and that was after he blamed the island for the natural disaster. Puerto Ricans are very proud people, but Trump tried to diminish them.
Trump spoke on different topics during his speech, from the economy to the Las Vegas massacre, then he addressed Puerto Rico which is now in crisis after Hurricanes Maria and Irma devasted the U.S. territory.
“We are also praying for the people of Puerto Rico,” Trump said while using an exaggerated Spanish accent.
“We love Puerrrrtoooo Ricooo,” he continued, again with the accent. “Puerto Rico,” he said again.
At that point, a woman yelled out, “We love you!” and Trump then said “and we also love Puerto Rico,” but this time, the fake president dropped his fake accent.
Watch:
Trump says Puerto Rico in an affected Spanish accent three times in a row. (via CBS) pic.twitter.com/FopaVNLqAY — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) October 6, 2017
Sure, the audience laughed because haha, we're used to this ‘president' offending every single group of Americans across the board. Perhaps a better way of honoring Puerto Ricans would be to not try to cover up his own misdeeds in handling the humanitarian crisis. On Oct. 4th, half of the residents in Puerto Rico had access to clean water and 5 percent of the island had electricity, according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency website. However, by Oct. 5th, FEMA had removed statistics on Puerto Rico's water and power supply from its website, so now we have no idea of what the island is dealing with and what they need to survive. The only thing FEMA left on its site was good news; not the real news which is very bleak.
Information on water access and electricity on the island is available only on a website maintained by the office of Gov. Rosselló, StatusPR. According to the website, 9.2 percent of the island has power and 54.2 percent of people have some form of drinking water.
But Trump says he “loves” Puerto Ricans as he mocks their accent.
Image via screen capture.
Part of what makes professional golf relatable is seeing players go through some of the same struggles we do every weekend. It also helps when you see somebody not built like a superhero do amazing things.
Cue Justin Thomas at the PGA. The pocket-sized first-time major champion is listed at 5-foot-10, 145 pounds (and that might be exaggerating things). But he led the tournament in driving distance at more than 320 yards a swing and proved he isn't just a bomber with exquisite short game touch down the stretch.
On long shots, it's clear Thomas gets the most out of his small frame. But how does he produce power so efficiently? It's definitely not by wildly flailing at the ball, says top Colorado teacher Nick Clearwater, GOLFTEC's national director of instruction. "You'll hear lots of generalizations about Justin Thomas' leg action being the reason he can hit a 7-iron 220 yards, but the factors that produce that speed are measurable," says Clearwater, who is based in Englewood. "Just after Justin's lead arm is parallel to the ground on the downswing, he begins straightening his legs and bending his hips backward continuously through impact. It's the same kind of move Steph Curry uses to jump off the ground while taking a three-pointer."
The generalization you usually hear, says Clearwater, is "using the ground." But what Thomas is really doing is precisely using his body to raise the grip incredibly fast through impact--which generates massive clubhead speed. "Amateur players would do well to understand and have their own movements measured to see how much speed they're leaving on the table," says Clearwater. "Equipment is another big piece to it. Anyone serious about hitting better shots should be taking advantage of clubs that give them more speed, yardage and height on their shots."
Thomas hit an 8-iron into the 205-yard par-3 13th, but he still needed touch to hole out the 45-foot chip from the collar. He did it with expert understanding of how the club interacts with the grass, says top Maryland teacher Bernie Najar. "When you get grass between the ball and the face, it will impact the shot--sometimes making the ball come out slower, and sometimes making it come out fast with no spin," says Najar, who is based at Caves Valley Golf Club in Owings Mills. "The mistake most players make is hitting the ball too high on the face because they come in on too sharp of an angle. That can happen when you play the ball too far back in your stance and over-trap it."
To build more precision into your chipping game, use less loft--a pitching wedge instead of a lob wedge--and practice a simple drill. "Stick a tee in the grass six inches in front of the ball in the rough. Set up with the ball in the middle of your stance, or even a little forward, and open the face slightly," says Najar. "Now hit some shots where you hit the ball and then the tee in front. Do this and you'll be creating a swing with a long, flat bottom. Tighten your grip and think about swinging through the ball--not just getting to impact."
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
SAN FRANCISCO – YouTube, owned by Alphabet Inc's Google, deleted about 5 million videos from its platform for content policy violations in last year's fourth quarter before any viewers saw them, it said in a new report that highlighted its response to pressure to better police its online community.
YouTube has been criticized by governments that say it does not do enough to remove extremist content and by advertisers, such as Procter & Gamble Co and Under Armour that briefly boycotted the service when they unwittingly ran ads alongside videos the companies deemed inappropriate.
YouTube said in the report Monday that automating enforcement through software “is paying off” in quicker removals. The company said it did not have comparable data from prior quarters.
YouTube said it still needed an in-house team of humans to verify automated findings on an additional 1.6 million videos that were removed only after some users watched the clips.
The automated system did not identify another 1.6 million videos that YouTube took down once they were reported to it by users, activist organizations and governments.
“They still have lots of work to do but they should be praised in the interim,” Paul Barrett, who has followed YouTube as deputy director at the New York University ‎Stern Center for Business and Human Rights, said.
Facebook Inc (FB.O) also said on Monday it had removed or put a warning label on 1.9 million pieces of extremist content related to ISIS or al-Qaeda in the first three months of the year, or about double the amount from the previous quarter.
Corralling problematic videos, whether through humans or machines, could help YouTube, a major driver of Google's revenue, stave off regulation and a sales hit. For now, analysts say demand for YouTube ads remains robust.
The following are steps that YouTube has taken.
Extremism
YouTube officials say the company removes videos that contain hate speech or incite violence. It issues “a strike” to the uploader in each instance and bans uploaders with three strikes in a three-month period. Also banned are government-identified “terrorist organizations” and materials such groups would upload if they could. YouTube shares the digital fingerprints of removed videos with a consortium of tech companies.
Borderline videos get stamped “graphic” and stripped of features that would give them prominence. YouTube added options for advertisers to avoid sponsoring these videos last year.
YouTube automated scans have sped up takedowns of videos tied to ISIS or al-Qaeda. But it has struggled to draw a line on views espoused by white right-wing extremists, who tend to know the rules well and stop short of overt hate speech.
Misinformation
YouTube said it would be difficult to enforce a “truth” policy, leaving the company to look for other policy violations to remove videos with misleading information.
For instance, YouTube could delete a fabricated news report by finding it harasses its subject.
Since autumn, it has promoted “authoritative sources” such as CNN and NBC News in search results to push down problematic material. YouTube also plans to display Wikipedia descriptions alongside videos to counter hoaxes.
But YouTube still is cited as slow to identify misinformation amid major global breaking news events when video bloggers quickly upload commentary. The company preserves other challenged clips that have public interest value or come from politicians.
Old endangerment
YouTube last year began removing videos and issuing strikes when the filming may have put a child in danger or when a cartoon character is used inappropriately.
YouTube does not alert law enforcement or intellectual property owners about these videos because YouTube says it cannot easily identify uploaders and rightsholders. Copyright owners that believe a video violates guidelines or infringes their copyright or trademark can report it to YouTube.
The company last year begin stepping up moderation of comments that inappropriately reference children.
FOREST PARK, Ohio (AP) — Police are investigating shots fired at two vehicles in a northern Cincinnati suburb.
Forest Park police say no injuries were reported, but two vehicles were shot at. Officers were first called to Hamilton Avenue just off Interstate 275 early Tuesday morning after a woman said a shot was fired at her from a car. A short time later, a tractor-trailer driver reported shots fired at his vehicle while on the interstate.
Police say both vehicles had dents consistent with being hit by bullets. They believe the vehicles were targeted randomly.
Police are asking for cooperation from business owners with security cameras in the area.
Two postcards sent some 75 years ago by a man to his family in Hungary amid the flames of the Holocaust were finally delivered this week to his descendants in Jerusalem.
The postcards, which were never received by their intended recipients – most of whom died in the Nazi genocide – illustrate the intense emotions of those caught up in the horrors of the Holocaust.
In 1942 and 1943, Meilech (Ignatz) Grunfeld, a Jewish man from Hungary who was trying to help save his brethren from the Nazis, sent several postcards to his family back home in the town of Satmar.As the massacres and deportations gathered pace, Grunfeld became increasingly anxious, asking in one last postcard for his family to help him flee the country.The postcard, sent to his wife's brother Lazar Weiser, never made it to his family. Grunfeld himself was shot dead in or around the Bochnia Ghetto in southern Poland, two months after he sent his call for help.Grunfeld's wife and three of his children were also murdered during the Holocaust, as was Lazar along with his children and grandchildren who were deported to Auschwitz in May 1944. Just one of Grunfeld's children, Bruchie, survived along with only one of Lazar's children, a son who went to the US before the war, and his son Sigmund Weiser who survived Aushwitz and the death marches.Then, in 2008, a stamp collector from New Zealand by the name of Bruce Chadderton – who specializes in Holocaust-era correspondence – made contact with Sigmund, having seen his request for information as to the fate of his aunt during the Holocaust in the Yad Vashem online database.Chadderton said that he did not have information about Sigmund's aunt, but that he did have one of the postcards sent by Grunfeld to Sigmund's grandfather Lazar Weiser. He sent scans by email to Sigmund.In the postcard, Grunfeld writes to his wife – “My beloved Tini” – and to his children, telling them that he is healthy but “begs” them to quickly assist him in getting permission to leave occupied Poland.The Weiser family gave Chadderton permission to keep the postcard to exhibit in his collection, but this week he came to Jerusalem for the 2018 World Stamp Championship, currently being held in the capital.On Tuesday, Chadderton was finally able to show the postcard to Sigmund. At the same time, he presented him with a second postcard, written by Grunfeld in November 1942 to his wife and children, which he had also obtained.Chadderton said that he had been quite emotional to meet Sigmund, and also shed a tear during the meeting, adding that he was the first Holocaust survivor he had met in person.He explained that he began to specialize in the field of Holocaust-era correspondence after he learned in 1999 that the school his daughter attended was holding a debate about whether the Holocaust had really happened and if indeed six million Jews had been murdered.Chadderton said that an affinity for the writings of Leon Uris had had a deep impact on him, and the topic of the debate therefore upset him and led him to try to find physical evidence and proof concerning the victims of the Nazi genocide.He went onto eBay to try to locate such items, and soon found a wealth of artifacts such as books, letters, postcards, and other documents.Marilyn Adler, a daughter of Sigmund, said that when she, her sisters and her father saw the postcards, their eyes welled up with tears, and that they had been incredibly moved by these historical family documents.“This postcard with their handwriting is like going into the past – like going back to the horrors of what they endured,” Marilyn told The Jerusalem Post.“How sad it is that these people's lives were taken from them and everything was destroyed. To have the postcard is very poignant, especially because [Grunfeld] was asking for help to get out because he knew his life was in danger.”She said that her father, Sigmund, had said he felt pain reading the words of his great-uncle Meilech Grunfeld pleading for help, but was comforted by the fact that despite that, Grunfeld and Lazar had numerous descendants, many of whom live in the Jewish state – including grandchildren and great-grandchildren who have served in the IDF in order to keep Israel strong and secure.
How to Tell When a Straight Thinks a Guy is Hot: WATCH
Sean Hayes is guest-hosting Ellen today and although he claims to be a shy dancing in front of people, it didn't seem that way during his opening monologue.
Hayes also had a hilarious litany of reasons for why Ellen was absent, including she fell and was trapped under the weight of her own wallet, she was at Home Depot “where all the lesbians go,” and she was getting plastic surgery: “I can't tell you where she is for personal reasons because it's a boob job. And she's going for the big one, so next time she's here, watch out front row.”
Memphis coach David Fizdale blasted the officiating in Game 2 of the Grizzlies' first-round series against the Spurs, deeming it "unprofessional" and "unacceptable" before slamming his fist on a table and storming off.
San Antonio held off a late rally to beat Memphis 96-82 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round matchup.
Fizdale said the veteran crew of Danny Crawford, Rodney Mott and Bill Spooner "did not even give us a chance" to even the series. After initially saying he needed to "have a glass of wine on the plane" to analyze what happened, Fizdale unleashed a nearly two-minute tirade during a postgame interview that grew increasingly louder.
"It was a very poorly officiated basketball game," Fizdale said. "Zach Randolph, the most rugged guy in the game, has zero free throws, but somehow Kawhi Leonard had 19 free throws?"
Leonard had a postseason career-high 37 points and made all 19 free-throw attempts. The Grizzlies took 15 free throws as a team against San Antonio's 32 even though Memphis attempted 35 shots in the paint, 17 more than the Spurs.
"I'm not a numbers guy, but that doesn't seem to add up," Fizdale said.
Adding to Fizdale's consternation was the fact that Memphis rallied from a 26-point deficit in the second half and had an opportunity to win after a 29-point blowout in Game 1.
The Grizzlies closed within 75-71 early in the fourth quarter, but San Antonio responded with 3-pointers by Tony Parker and Pau Gasol in rebuilding their double-digit lead.
Leonard shot all four of the Spurs free throws in the final quarter while the Grizzlies were limited to one on a three-point play by Marc Gasol.
"I felt like I got fouled the times that I went to the line," Leonard said. "Memphis is a physical team throwing a lot of bodies at me. I guess I did something and the refs were paying attention and I was able to get to the line."
The trio of Crawford, Spooner and Mott have officiated more than 400 playoff games over careers that span more than two decades for each, but Fizdale was irate with their performance.
Fizdale wasn't sure if his status as a first-year coach or his team's decorum had anything to do with the lopsided numbers, but he wasn't happy with the result.
"Kawhi shot more free throws than our whole team, explain it to me," Fizdale said. "We don't get the respect that these guys deserve because Mike Conley doesn't go crazy, he has class and he just plays the game. But I'm not going to let them treat us that way. I know (San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich has) got pedigree and I'm a young rookie, but they are not going to rook us.
"That's unacceptable, that was unprofessional. My guys dug in that game and earned the right to be in that game and they did not even give us a chance."
Game 3 is Thursday night in Memphis.
———
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Ads will attack de Blasio's lawsuits against oil companies An ad campaign attacking Mayor de Blasio's plan to sue oil companies over climate change is set to launch Monday. The Manufacturers' Accountability Project — a brainchild of the National...
Doug Jones slams Roy Moore as 'abuser' in attack ad The Alabama Democratic Senate candidate running against Roy Moore unveiled a tough new attack ad Wednesday highlighting the multiple allegations of sexual misconduct lodged against the Cotton State Republican. The...
Clinton bracing for 'major attack' by Trump The Clinton campaign is gearing up for Donald Trump “to bet everything on one final, major attack,” according to a fundraising email sent Monday morning by campaign manager Robby Mook....
New Clinton ad attacks Trump for going after judge WASHINGTON — Not wasting any time, Hillary Clinton's campaign Monday launched a new web ad with prominent Republicans blasting Donald Trump for statements about federal Judge Gonzalo Curiel's Mexican heritage....
Dowry Death or Murder?
Geetika Dang is Independent Researcher, India; Vani S. Kulkarni is Lecturer in Sociology, University of Pennsylvania, USA; Raghav Gaiha is (Hon) Professorial Research Fellow, Global Development Institute, University of Manchester, England.
NEW DELHI, Mar 19 2018 (IPS) - Dowry deaths rose from about 19 per day in 2001 to 21 per day in 2016.
It is indeed alarming that the rise in dowry deaths is unabated despite greater stringency of anti-dowry laws. In 1961, the Dowry Prohibition Act made giving and taking of dowry, its abetment or the demand for it an offence punishable with imprisonment and fine or without the latter. This was an abysmal failure as dowries became a nationwide phenomenon, replacing bride price. More stringent laws followed. The Criminal Law Amendment Act in 1983 inserted a new section (498-A) to deal with persistent and grave instances of dowry demand and such offences were punishable with imprisonment extendable to three years. As cases of brutal harassment and dowry deaths continued to rise, another Act was passed in 1986, relating specifically to the offence of dowry death.
Such deaths were punishable with imprisonment for a period not less than seven years, but may extend to life imprisonment. The Supreme Court bench comprising Justices Altamas Kabir and H.L. Gokhale, in their judgement (Durga Prasad & Anr vs State of MP) on 14 May 2010, rejected an appeal for dowry death on the grounds that, apart from the fact that the woman had died on account of burn or bodily injury, otherwise than under normal circumstances, within seven years of her marriage, it had also to be shown that soon before her death, she was subjected to cruelty or harassment by her husband or any relative of her husband for, or in connection with, any demand for dowry. Only then would such death be called a “dowry death” and such husband or relative shall be deemed to have caused the death of the woman concerned. It is of course arguable that establishing priority in time of cruelty against the female spouse before her death or “suicide”—alleged or otherwise—is yet another major and nearly insurmountable hurdle in punishing the perpetrators of dowry deaths.
Conviction rates for dowry deaths at all-India level have hovered around a low of one-third of registered cases. In fact, the conviction rate was about 32% in 2001 and fell to about 30% in 2016, pointing to growing inefficiency of the judicial and police systems. Besides, in several states (notably Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, and Telangana), the conviction rates were abysmally low (10% or lower). Worse, in some of these states (notably, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh), there were sharp reductions from already low levels in 2001. The variation across states remained high in both years, suggesting that the gaps between high and low conviction rates were large.
Media reports abound in bestiality towards a bride, with the natal family failing to comply with hugely inflated dowry demands and subsequent extortionary demands. As if daily humiliation, wife beating, torture, threats of bodily harm, and forced sex with male relatives were not ghastly enough, often brutal killings through wife-burning, or asphyxiation, and not infrequently through hired assassins follow in quick succession. The natal family is left a silent spectator constrained by tradition, custom, lack of resources for legal redressal and not least by perceived difficulty of marrying another daughter. It is thus not an exaggeration that the distinction between dowry death and murder is blurry.
New insights emerge from our econometric analysis of panel data of dowry deaths at the state level, constructed from the National Crime Records Bureau for the period 2001-2016, and other supplementary data from the RBI and the Census. This allows us to isolate the contributions of several factors including marriage squeeze (age adjusted ratio of females to males), state affluence, conviction rates, nature of political regime, and the Supreme Court judgement of 2010 to the variation in the incidence of dowry deaths (or ratio of dowry deaths to women's population in a state).
Marriage squeeze is used as a proxy for surplus of marriageable women over marriageable men or scarcity of the latter in a stylized marriage market. If there is a growing scarcity of such men in the marriage market, higher dowries are likely and so more dowry deaths may occur. Thus higher sex ratios result in more dowry deaths. The greater the affluence of a state, the higher was the incidence of dowry deaths. The effect of conviction is negative and significant, pointing to the important role of speedy convictions in lowering dowry deaths. We also examined whether coalitions of BJP and Congress governments at the state level were associated with dowry deaths. We find that both political regimes lowered dowry deaths, but with a larger reduction in BJP coalitions. Why coalition governments are more effective than regimes with one party needs further investigation.
Finally, as dowry deaths are embedded in archaic community and family norms, and in a corrupt and ineffective judicial and police system, curbing of this heinous crime remains a daunting challenge. Whether the Beti Bachao Beti Padhao campaign is a likely solution is over-optimistic, if not reductionist.
This story was originally published by Sunday Guardian
MILWAUKEE — Ever since the Knicks released his brother Thanasis, Giannis Antetokounmpo has tortured the Knicks — and he did so again Friday night with a last-second driving lefty layup over Enes Kanter to give the Bucks a 92-90 victory at BMO Center.
After Kanter missed inside, the Bucks had the ball with 22 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter. “The Greek Freak'' dribbled down the clock and made his move down the lane, sinking his over the Knicks center while Kristaps Porzingis came over late.
It was only fitting the final desperation heave off the ensuing inbounds was by Tim Hardaway Jr., who had a terrible outing. Hardaway flung the ball up and missed badly, leaving him at 1-of-14 for the night. He was 1-of-10 in Boston on Wednesday, miring him in a certifiable funk.
With 1:05 left, Hardaway missed two free throws in a 90-90 game, but the ball bounced back to him. Unfortunately he didn't pass and missed on a drive with one minute left. He finished with six points.
Hardaway also had three turnovers. With 7:30 left, he drove and threw a crosscourt pass that got intercepted. In the third quarter, he grabbed a rebound, then had it stolen for a Bucks layup.
For the past two games, Hardaway's $71 million contract has looked worse than exiled Joakim Noah's $72 million deal.
Porzingis didn't come up big in the fourth quarter either, finishing with 17 points on 6-of-15 shooting. He did have a rejection of an Antetokounmpo jumper. The Bucks All-Star finished with 29 points and 11 rebounds. He had once criticized the Knicks for not signing his brother after drafting him in the second round in 2014.
The Knicks have now finished a 20-game stretch in which 16 were on the road. They completed the make-or-break stretch still alive, going 6-14 — still not out of the playoff race at 23-30.
Kanter could barely talk before the game because of a new set of eight stitches in his lip. He did his talking on the court and wound up with 17 points and 16 rebounds.
Kanter had lacerated his lip in practice Monday, needing stitches. He reinjured the lip in Boston on Wednesday and needed more stitches, making it difficult for him to communicate with the media — which is his speciality.
Kanter kept the Knicks in it and had a double-double — 11 points with 10 rebounds, five of them offensive rebounds — in the first half.
A Frank Ntilikina-Kanter pick-and-roll resulted in a dunk for the Turkish center and a tied score at 74 after three quarters.
The Knicks trailed 45-37 after Antetokounmpo drove past Lance Thomas for an electric dunk after which Thomas screamed at the officials seeking an offensive foul.
On the next defensive possession, a furious Thomas blocked the Antetokounmpo's drive, forcing a jump ball and the Knicks rallied on a 6-0 run.
After missing a full 12 months with two separate torn ACL surgeries, the Bucks' Jabari Parker received a standing ovation when he checked in during the first quarter.
The ovation sparked him. Parker hit his first shot — a left-wing 20-footer — to another huge ovation and poured in 12 points in 9:48.
Of the 16 teams that made the Stanley Cup Playoffs last spring, the New York Rangers' power play ranked 15th, scoring just three goals. This might explain why the Blueshirts failed to make it past the second round against the bloody Ottawa Senators, and why their franchise goalie continues to see the sands of his brilliant career drop rapidly through the hourglass without the biggest prize in his sport.
(Do we sound bitter about this? We're not bitter. OK, fine, we're a little bitter.)
The good news, Rangers fans, is the team appears to have been working on the power play during the summer. Well, kind of.
If you've heard of the #DriveByDunkChallenge that has emerged as a viral sensation this summer, you might wonder how two Minnesota-bred professional hockey players might attempt to create their version in a home state in which seemingly every house has a street hockey net out front. The answer is this #DriveBySlapshotChallenge in which Rangers defensemen Ryan McDonagh and Brady Skjej navigate Minnesota suburbia to one-time a few blasts into unsuspecting nets, and catch the whole thing on camera.
The resulting video is sufficiently goofy and funny, and most heartening to frustrated Rangers fans, it shows the two core blueliners gaining some needed traction on the man advantage as they head into training camp.
Nice work, boys. Next up is doing so against another team. With a goalie in the net. And, you know, on skates.
WATCH: LOOP VIDEOS
Alexander Nix told an undercover reporter from Britain's Channel 4 News how the firm, which worked on the Trump campaign, used front companies to secretly campaign in elections around the world.
The boss of Cambridge Analytica, the analytics firm at the centre of an international storm over the misuse of Facebook user data, has been caught on camera bragging about how the company could blackmail political candidates with sex workers, and telling a prospective client that it has been secretly operating around the world to campaign in elections. In an undercover operation by Britain's Channel 4 News, CEO Alexander Nix and two other high-ranking Cambridge Analytica staff took meetings with a reporter posing as a fixer who wanted the data firm's help to get candidates elected in Sri Lanka.
On Monday evening, Channel 4 broadcast undercover footage from four meetings across three months, with Nix telling the reporter that one of the services of Cambridge Analytica could be to “send some girls around to the candidate's house”, adding that Ukrainian girls “are very beautiful, I find that works very well”. Nix also told the undercover reporter: “We'll offer a large amount of money to the candidate, to finance his campaign in exchange for land, for instance. We'll have the whole thing recorded. We'll blank out the face of our guy and we post it on the internet.”
The investigation comes just three days after Cambridge Analytica – which was hired by the Trump presidential campaign and was once owned by right-wing hedge fund billionaire Robert Mercer – was kicked off Facebook for the alleged misuse of data from up to 50 million users. On Saturday evening, the Observer published bombshell revelations from whistleblower Christopher Wylie who said the firm had used personal data taken without the users' permission to build a system that could profile US voters and influence their choices at the ballot box. On Monday's Channel 4 footage, Nix can be heard telling the reporter over the phone that Cambridge Analytica operated from "the shadows". "We do incognito very well indeed. In fact, we have many clients who never wish to have our relationship with them made public," Nix said. "We're used to that. We're used to operating through different vehicles, in the shadows, and I look forward to building a very long-term and secretive relationship with you.”
Advertisement
According to Channel 4 News, the executives had also bragged that Cambridge Analytica's parent company Strategic Communications Laboratories had worked in more than 200 elections, including in Nigeria, Kenya, the Czech Republic, India, and Argentina. Cambridge Analytica executive Mark Turnbull also described the company's work in locations around the world, saying staff "ghosted in" and "ghosted out" undetected.
“We've just used a different organisation to run a very, very successful project in an Eastern European country where ... no one even knew they were there. They just drift. They were just ghosted in, did the work, ghosted out, and produced really, really good material," Turnbull said. "So we have experience in doing this.”
In December 2017, Turnbull said the data firm could "put information into the bloodstream of the internet ... and then watch it grow." "It has to happen without anyone thinking ‘that's propaganda'," Turnbull added. "The moment you think ‘that's propaganda' the next question is, ‘who's put that out?' ... So we have to be very subtle, and we've got time to do this.” On Sunday, Cambridge Analytica was reportedly scrambling to stop the airing of the undercover investigation, with the Financial Times claiming the UK-based firm was considering its legal options.
According to Channel 4 News, a Cambridge Analytica spokesperson said: "We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes, or so-called 'honey-traps' for any purpose whatsoever." The spokesperson also told the broadcaster: “Cambridge Analytica does not use untrue material for any purpose.”
On Monday evening, Facebook released a statement, which said the company had hired a "digital forensics firm" to audit Cambridge Analytica.
1/2 two late bits of breaking news @facebook tell me they are sending “special investigators into” @CamAnalytica this hour for data searching purposes. This two years after the data harvesting took place- and they're @facebook investigators not the police
2/2 @CamAnalytica boss Alexander Nix has done a @BBCNewsnight interview about our investigation - without either side having seen them in full- see them NOW on @Channel4News
"We have hired a digital forensics firm, Stroz Friedberg, to conduct a comprehensive audit of Cambridge Analytica," read the statement. "Cambridge Analytica has agreed to comply and afford the firm complete access to their servers and systems.
"We have approached the other parties involved — Christopher Wylie and Aleksandr Kogan — and asked them to submit to an audit as well. Mr. Kogan has given his verbal agreement to do so. Mr. Wylie thus far has declined."
Mark Di Stefano is a media and politics reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in London. Contact Mark Di Stefano at mark.distefano@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
Image caption The easyHotel on Belfast's Howard Street is due to open in August
A new Belfast hotel that may not be certified to open because some rooms are too small has said it had previously "received reassurances" about its opening.
The easyHotel on Howard Street is part of a UK chain of budget accommodation.
The £5m hotel may not get the required certification to open because some of its double rooms are smaller than stipulated in Northern Ireland law.
The hotel is scheduled to open next month.
In a statement the hotel chain also blamed "delays at the Assembly" for not updating legislation.
Image caption The hotel accommodation is being converted from office space
It has written to the Secretary of State Karen Bradley "seeking urgent clarification."
The project involved the refurbishment of office space into an 81-bedroom 'super budget' hotel.
However, "a sizeable" number of its units are below the 13sq metres for double rooms set out in legislation drawn up in 1992 and last modified in 2009.
All accommodation in Northern Ireland, from hotels to airbnb properties, must be certified by tourism officials in order to operate legally.
In a statement, easyHotel told BBC News NI: "Our rooms are fully compliant with the very latest national guidance on room sizes.
"Procedural delays at the Assembly mean that guidance has not yet been updated in Northern Ireland, but in our on-going dialogue with Tourism Northern Ireland throughout the planning process we have received reassurances.
"Ultimately this is a discretionary matter and we have written to the Permanent Secretary at the Department for the Economy and the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, seeking urgent clarification."
HONG KONG — The weekend launch of a U.S. futures contract for bitcoin reflects widespread acceptance of the virtual currency, especially among investors in Asia, though regulators are wary.
Japan and South Korea are among the world's top five markets for bitcoin trading, according to sites that track trading volume by currency. Here's a look at the digital currency's rise in some of the region's major markets:
——
JAPAN:
Japan was home to one of the earliest bitcoin communities, but it was started by expatriate residents and kept a low profile. Until a few years ago, bitcoin and other virtual currencies were left alone by regulators.
Following the failure of a bitcoin exchange called Mt. Gox, new laws were enacted to regulate bitcoin and other virtual currencies. Japan is the only major advanced economy with a licensing regime for digital currency intermediaries such as exchanges and payment providers.
That has helped make Japan the world's biggest market for speculative virtual currency trading, said Thomas Glucksmann, Hong Kong-based head of marketing for Gatecoin, a virtual currency exchange.
“There was very little interest back than at all and now it's a complete 360,” said Glucksmann. “It's the biggest market, everybody's talking about it.”
Big Japanese banks have gotten involved, investing in bitcoin exchanges or letting them open bank accounts while developing their own related services. Some retailers accept payment in bitcoin.
Many Japanese are familiar with currency trading since Japan is the world's biggest retail foreign exchange market.
“You have people like hairdressers and housewives, people like that investing in crypto, in addition to the bigger players in Japan,” said Glucksmann, who used to work at a bitcoin exchange in Japan. “So the regulations have helped to fuel a lot of the legitimacy in the Japanese market.”
——
SOUTH KOREA:
About a year and half ago, South Korea emerged as a very large market for speculative trading activities thanks to investors' high risk appetite and fears of missing out.
Now, just as the government prepares to regulate virtual currencies, big financial institutions are starting to get in on the action. Shinhan Bank is planning to offer virtual currency services like a bitcoin wallet,
Worried over risks of speculative trading, in September South Korea banned initial coin offerings, or raising money through bitcoin or other virtual currencies.
Senior officials at South Korea's financial watchdog have compared speculative trading in bitcoin to a “Ponzi scheme” and say they are mulling a ban.
“We will not let financial institutions handle transactions related to virtual currencies,” said Kim Yongbeom, vice chairman at Financial Services Commission, according to a media pool report Monday. “The price of virtual currencies rises because of the expectation that the next person will buy it at the desired price and this is quite like a Ponzi scheme.”
Chairman Choi Jong-gu said one option is a total ban on virtual currencies, which would require revising existing legislation or enacting new laws.
Still, bitcoin sells for a 20-30 per cent premium in South Korean compared to other places, and this has spurred offshore trading to take advantage of arbitrage opportunities as South Koreans buy bitcoin overseas and sell them back home.
——
CHINA:
For a brief time, China dominated bitcoin trading, at one point reportedly accounting for as much as 90 per cent of volume. That dried up after Beijing tightened controls.
The lively bitcoin market had been set up by bitcoin miners, who had set up data centres taking advantage of China's cheap electricity and hardware to handle the intensive computing processes needed to “mine” new bitcoin.
China started cracked down on such activities last year just as the price of bitcoin began to surge. In September, regulators ordered all exchanges to shut down, banning initial coin offerings.
China's bitcoin exchanges have since migrated overseas or shifted to over-the-counter trading where exchanges match buyers and sellers who then connect through chat apps like Telegram. Payment is made in cash or through bank transfers and the exchange collects a fee.
Some mainland China exchanges have refocused their efforts on their Hong Kong operations, said Leo Weese, president of the Bitcoin Association of Hong Kong. He estimates there are about 10,000 bitcoin users in the Asian financial hub, including 1,000-2,000 active investors who have significant holdings or work for bitcoin related companies.
Weese estimates that bitcoin prices are 5-8 per cent higher in mainland China than Hong Kong. Speculators who can get around China's strict capital controls to profit from the price difference are driving some trading activity in the city, Weese said.
“For them it's a way to make money,” he said. “They can buy the bitcoin in Hong Kong cheaply and they can sell them at a premium in China.”
——
SOUTHEAST ASIA:
Bitcoin's rising popularity in Indonesia has alarmed the country's central bank, which said last week it would ban it as a payment method next year.
Bank Indonesia spokesman Agusman Zainal said more a “assertive rule” on virtual currencies is planned.
He said the bank is concerned bitcoin might be used for fraud or other illegal activities like terrorism, money laundering, prostitution, drug trafficking.
“In the context of the payment system, bitcoin is not a valid means of payment,” Zainal said. “The reason for prohibiting is in order to implement prudential principles, safeguard business competition, risk control and consumer protection.”
——–
AP Writers Niniek Karmini in Jakarta and Youkyung Lee in Seoul contributed to this report.
ROTTWEIL, Germany: Thyssenkrupp is attracting strong demand for its next-generation elevators, which operate without steel cables or ropes, it said on Friday.
Based on magnetic-levitation technology developed for high-speed trains, the MULTI elevator moves from shaft to shaft with multiple cars in each, offering the potential to revolutionise the way people move within high-rise buildings.
The German group is banking on MULTI as well as internet-connected elevators as it strives to become a technology conglomerate and shift away from its core steelmaking business, which it plans to merge with Tata Steel.
“Demand is gigantic,” Andreas Schierenbeck, chief executive of Thyssenkrupp Elevator, told Reuters.
The company plans a gradual introduction of the MULTI, he said, aiming for two or three more initial customers to follow the first order announced for a high-rise building in Berlin.
“Demand is currently much higher than what we have in mind,” Schierenbeck said in Rottweil, where Thyssenkrupp operates its MULTI test tower, adding that a much broader customer base would be targeted once the product is established on the market.
Thyssenkrupp Elevator lifted adjusted earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) by 8 percent to €860 million ($1 billion) in the financial year to Sept. 30 last year, accounting for 59 percent of the group total.
Competing with Otis, Mitsubishi Electric, Kone and Schindler, the elevators business is Thyssenkrupp's most profitable division with an adjusted EBIT margin of 11.5 percent.
Schierenbeck said the margin would grow to 12-12.2 percent for the year to Sept. 30, 2017, for which Thyssenkrupp will report results on Nov. 23. He also said it had targeted adjusted EBIT of €1 billion before 2020 and a margin of 15 percent at a later stage.
Demand in the US was good and stable, Schierenbeck said, adding that China was difficult because of “enormous” pricing pressure amid fierce competition in a shrinking market.
“We're also a little worried about Spain due to the current political situation,” Schierenbeck said, referring to the crisis sparked by Catalonia's independence referendum, which was ruled illegal by Spain's constitutional court.
Thyssenkrupp Elevator makes 30 percent of its revenue in Europe, its second-biggest sales contributor behind the Americas, but does not provide a more detailed breakdown.
— Reuters
ROTTWEIL, Germany: Thyssenkrupp is attracting strong demand for its next-generation elevators, which operate without steel cables or ropes, it said on Friday.
Based on magnetic-levitation technology developed for high-speed trains, the MULTI elevator moves from shaft to shaft with multiple cars in each, offering the potential to revolutionise the way people move within high-rise buildings.
The German group is banking on MULTI as well as internet-connected elevators as it strives to become a technology conglomerate and shift away from its core steelmaking business, which it plans to merge with Tata Steel.
“Demand is gigantic,” Andreas Schierenbeck, chief executive of Thyssenkrupp Elevator, told Reuters.
The company plans a gradual introduction of the MULTI, he said, aiming for two or three more initial customers to follow the first order announced for a high-rise building in Berlin.
“Demand is currently much higher than what we have in mind,” Schierenbeck said in Rottweil, where Thyssenkrupp operates its MULTI test tower, adding that a much broader customer base would be targeted once the product is established on the market.
Thyssenkrupp Elevator lifted adjusted earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) by 8 percent to €860 million ($1 billion) in the financial year to Sept. 30 last year, accounting for 59 percent of the group total.
Competing with Otis, Mitsubishi Electric, Kone and Schindler, the elevators business is Thyssenkrupp's most profitable division with an adjusted EBIT margin of 11.5 percent.
Schierenbeck said the margin would grow to 12-12.2 percent for the year to Sept. 30, 2017, for which Thyssenkrupp will report results on Nov. 23. He also said it had targeted adjusted EBIT of €1 billion before 2020 and a margin of 15 percent at a later stage.
Demand in the US was good and stable, Schierenbeck said, adding that China was difficult because of “enormous” pricing pressure amid fierce competition in a shrinking market.
“We're also a little worried about Spain due to the current political situation,” Schierenbeck said, referring to the crisis sparked by Catalonia's independence referendum, which was ruled illegal by Spain's constitutional court.
Thyssenkrupp Elevator makes 30 percent of its revenue in Europe, its second-biggest sales contributor behind the Americas, but does not provide a more detailed breakdown.
— Reuters
TORONTO — When fans look back at Toronto FC's 2017 championship season, they will recall Jozy Altidore's goalscoring heroics, Sebastian Giovinco's magic moves, captain Michael Bradley's unflinching leadership and Greg Vanney's cerebral coaching skills.
Toronto capped off a record-breaking 69-point, 20-win regular season with a dominant 2-0 MLS Cup final win Saturday over the Seattle Sounders.
“This is what it's all about. Lifting trophies,” said Bradley.
But while TFC kept rolling, there was no shortage of real-life trauma behind the scenes. Like the proverbial duck, the team looked smooth on the surface but sometimes was paddling furiously below to stay afloat.
“People don't know. I mean there are a lot of things that go on,” said defender Nick Hagglund, who had to fight back from two knee injuries.
“There's a lot of adversity that went on,” he added. “That was what was great about this team. As a locker-room we were a family. We took care of each other. I think you saw tonight when someone made a mistake, the next person was there to clean it up.
“Off-the field things carried onto the on-field and I think that's what created the success this year.”
Real life interrupted sports all season.
The father of Jim Liston, the team's director of sports science, passed away the week of the final.
But April truly was the cruellest month for TFC.
Vanney's mother — and grandmother of Toronto defender Eriq Zavaleta — died in April.
“As a lot of moms, she was probably my No. 1 fan in the grand scheme of things,” said Vanney. “She was the one in the stands yelling at the referees when I didn't get calls … I know she's proud.”
The same month, midfielder Armando Cooper learned that Panama and former CD Arabe Unido teammate Amilcar Henriquez had been shot to death. The tragic news was mixed with the joy of the birth of Cooper's daughter just days later.
And defender Drew Moor missed seven games after being sidelined with a cardiac arrhythmia — or irregular heartbeat — in April thanks to the heart monitors and GPS chips the players wear during practice.
Doctors found a minor defect in his heart which they were able to correct via a 3 1/2-hour procedure in Boston called an ablation to restore normal heart rhythm.
Fullback Steven Beitashour found himself in the operating room after a brutal on-field collision with Montreal Impact defender Kyle Fisher in the Canadian Championship final June 27. He underwent surgery after being diagnosed with a lacerated pancreas — an injury more often seen in car crashes or stabbings. The laceration resulted in toxins excreting into his body.
Beitashour missed seven games, a recovery that included having draining tubes in his side after the surgery.
Defender Chris Mavinga's pre-season was shadowed by the impending birth of his daughter in France — one of several additions to the team this season.
When Mavinga make his first start, against Atlanta in early April, he proved vulnerable. But Vanney kept faith. Mavinga sat out the next four matches before returning to play 23 of the remaining 25 regular-season games.
Toronto believes Mavinga merited defender of the year consideration.
A halftime tunnel melee during Game 2 of the Eastern Conference semifinal against the New York Red Bulls proved to be an unwelcome distraction with Altidore unsuccessfully appealing his red card and accompanying one-game suspension.
Giovinco's season included niggling injuries, the occasional tantrum and another MLS MVP finalist honour. But the mercurial Italian scored what proved to be the key goal — via yet another marvellous free kick — in the fractious playoff series with the Red Bulls despite missing the return leg trough suspension.
And he set up both goals in the final.
Giovinco split the Seattle defence in the 67th minute to set Altidore loose. And then deep in stoppage time he found Cooper.
The Panamanian substitute, who played just 152 minutes in the final 16 games of a disappointing season, sidestepped ‘keeper Stefan Frei with a beautiful move only to see his shot thud off the goalpost. Victor Vazquez was Johnny-on-the-spot, knocking the ball in for the insurance goal Saturday.
Bradley and Altidore suffered through a torrent of abuse in Atlanta, New York and Columbus after the failed U.S. World Cup qualifying campaign. While both shrugged it off, it must have hurt.
Goalkeeper Clint Irwin was the essence of class after losing his starting job to Alex Bono after suffering an injury in the home opener.
Other players kept their lip buttoned as they watched from the bench or the stands.
Credit Vanney, his coaching staff and the front office. Toronto has become a model, winning franchise. The team is looked after on and off the field. Players want to come here.
“They enjoy one another,” said Vanney. “That's really a special thing to have.”
Added Altidore: “When I say this is a special place, I mean it,”
In an era where selfish social media pronouncements, hard-to-fathom salaries and me-first attitudes distance some pro athletes from supporters, Altidore and Bradley have consistently gone out of their way to praise and connect with TFC fans.
They understand what the fan base has gone through — and what the BMO Field faithful means to the team.
“It gives you this feeling like there is only one possible outcome. And that's that we win,” Bradley said of the fan support
It's ironic that Bradley was overshadowed when he signed with Toronto the same day as Jermain Defoe in January 2014. While the England striker lasted one season, Bradley became the engine of the team.
The U.S. captain shines very brightly in the Toronto locker-room. But he showed his human side Saturday, acknowledging that he has to dial down his single-mindedness at times “to make sure I don't wear guys out.”
He also realized the message had got through to his teammates.
“With this team there was never one moment when I looked around and felt like guys were losing focus or were forgetting about what we were trying to do. Everything was about getting back here (to the final) … every single guy laser-focused to give ourselves another chance,” he said.
Bradley, who deserved MVP consideration this season, played every minute of every game he appeared in. On Saturday, he was simply immense in the final.
“His bald head was everywhere,” marvelled Altidore.
“I really don't have words to say about Michael because he embodies this team completely,” said Hagglund. “Who we are, what we're about, how we walk out onto a field starts with him.
“He has led us incredibly over these last four years. There's no one that takes the wins and the losses more personally than him. He came her to win championships and he just did that.”
“An amazing leader, an amazing captain,” he added. “I'd walk into any battlefield with him any day.”
The statistics show Toronto's dominance in the final.
Toronto outshot Seattle 22-7 (11-2 in shots on target), had 56.9 per cent possession and won 70.7 per cent of duels, the highest duel success rate of any team in any MLS game this season, according to Opta Sports.
“We are the best team in MLS,” said Vazquez.
The Spanish playmaker led all players Saturday with 103 touches. Only four players this season had at least 100 touches, four chances created and a goal in an MLS game this season. Vazquez did it twice in 2017.
“Playing with Seba and Jozy is easy,” he said.
——
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
Actress Demi Moore's smile looked a little different recently — she lost her two front teeth, a problem she says was the result of stress. But how does stress cause teeth to fall out?
Moore, who is 54, revealed her dental issues on Monday (June 12) when she appeared on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon."
When asked how she lost her teeth, Moore replied, "I'd love to say it was like skateboarding or something really kind of cool." But instead, she said, the culprit was stress, which she also called "one of the biggest killers in America." [Chew on This: 8 Foods for Healthy Teeth]
Some research has linked stress with dental problems. For example, a 2006 study conducted in Brazil involving 230 people ages 50 and older found a link between psychological stress and dental plaque and bleeding gums. And a 2009 study conducted by researchers in the United States and Canada found that people who had higher levels of stress, depression and the hormone cortisol (which is released in response to stress) also faced a higher risk of gum disease.
These studies were conducted at a single point in time, however, and cannot prove that stress was the cause of the dental problems. But it's possible that stress contributes to dental problems in a number of ways, according to a 2007 review paper. For example, psychological stress can weaken people's immune systems, possibly making them more susceptible to the bacteria that cause gum disease, the review said.
In addition, people who are under stress or experiencing depression might not keep up good oral hygiene habits, or may neglect daily brushing and flossing, according to the 2009 study. That study found that people who neglect their oral care during periods of stress and depression were more likely to lose teeth.
But some experts are skeptical that stress alone can lead to tooth loss.
"I highly doubt that it was stress" that caused Moore's tooth loss, said Dr. Ronald Burakoff, chair of dental medicine at North Shore University Hospital in Manhasset, New York, who has not treated Moore. "Adults lose teeth because of periodontal [gum] disease," Burakoff said.
He noted that if a person grinds his or her teeth because of stress, and also has underlying periodontal disease, the teeth grinding may make the tooth loss worse. But "just stress alone won't do it. You have to have disease there," Burakoff told Live Science.
Burakoff said he recommends that people maintain good oral hygiene and have regular dental checkups to prevent tooth loss.
"If you treat [periodontal disease] early, you can prevent it from getting worse and causing tooth loss," Burakoff said.
Original article on Live Science.
Colorado Rockies' Ian Desmond rounds third base after hitting a solo home run during the second inning against the Pittsburgh Pirates in a baseball game in Pittsburgh, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Jared Wickerham AP Photo
Beached SUV is nearly swept out to sea A New Jersey man trying to take beach pics of his sparkling white Land Rover was surprised when the SUV became stuck in the sand. A tow truck was required...
Ford reveals plan to invest $1.2 billion in Michigan plants Ford announced on Tuesday it will invest $1.2 billion in three Michigan plants, including $850 million to make the new Ford Ranger and Ford Bronco. The decision prompted President Trump...
Trump hints at announcement from Ford Motors President Trump teased an announcement from car manufacturer Ford Tuesday morning, claiming that three Michigan plants will benefit from major investments. “Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be...
Amazon's next frontier to conquer? Auto parts Amazon boss Jeff Bezos, whose online behemoth is likely to become the country's No. 1 apparel retailer this year, is setting his sights on what could be his next sector...
Report reveals state gave more than $1M to auto training facility Hidden pork doled out by the state Legislature more than a decade ago has been unearthed by a government watchdog — and among its findings was $1.1 million that went...
Paramount is making rumors of a Coming to America sequel a reality, but is Eddie Murphy on board?
Rumors of a Coming To America sequel have wafted around Hollywood for years, but it looks like Paramount Pictures is making it happen.
Coming To America is one of those time-tested classics that has a beloved spot in movie-night rotation. Now, fans of the original are one step closer to revisiting Zamunda. According to The Hollywood Reporter, Paramount is in the early stages of development to bring a Coming to America sequel to the big screen.
The project should be in good hands since Paramount has tapped both Barry Blaustein and David Sheffield, who wrote the original, to do he scripts for this project. Meanwhile, Kevin Musher is set to produce.
While Eddie Murphy starred as Prince Akeem in Coming to America, there's no word on whether he or Arsenio Hall will return for the sequel. However, we can't imagine the project being complete without them or James Earl Jones.
RELATED STORIES:
Morning Minute: Why Lupita Nyong'o's ‘Coming To America'-Themed Party Was Everything!
#BlackDontCrack: Vanessa Bell Calloway Is Slaying Her New ‘Coming To America' Photo Shoot
Eddie Murphy & Arsenio Hall Explain Why There Was Never A ‘Coming To America' Sequel
SOURCE: HelloBeautiful.com
Article Courtesy of HelloBeautiful
Picture Courtesy of Jeff Kravitz, Getty Images, and HelloBeautiful
Knowing what we know now, are you interested in the new Pixels?
Yes.
Maybe, I'll have to see more.
Nah. View Results
BUSINESS
In this interview with CalvinAyre.com's Stephanie Tower, Calvin Shueh of Skill Gaming talks about Taiwan's current gaming landscape.
Loading the player...
Taiwan has been trying to position itself as an alternative gambling jurisdiction in the Asia-Pacific region amid mainland China's ongoing crackdown on corruption, which has forced high rollers to scamper away from Macau.
The only problem is that majority of Taiwan's residents have empathically rejected proposals to authorize casino gambling in the country. Case in point is the October referendum in Taiwan's outlying Kinmen islands group, where 90 percent of the residents voted ‘no' to the casino plan.
Perhaps the current lack of casino enthusiasm stemmed from the one favorable referendum vote in the Matsu island group in 2012 that resulted in scant interest from major gambling firms in establishing a presence in the island region.
In response, Taiwan is now reimagining itself on the world stage by promoting poker and eSports globally, according to Skill Gaming's Calvin Shueh.
Shueh, who helped launch poker in Taiwan a decade ago, said Taiwanese citizens' perception towards the game has changed over the years from a bad habit to something of a mind sport.
“The current landscape primarily goes around poker. Poker's very big here. I've helped launch the poker scene here. We see Taiwanese players doing well overseas, winning tournaments not just in Asia but also across the world,” Shueh told CalvinAyre.com.
Just like poker, Shueh said eSports has also become into some-sort of a national pride.
“On eSports, the Taipei Assassins won the World Championships in 2012, the Taiwan government declared that eSports is an official sport. In 2020, the Asian Games will have eSports as a medal. So things here are changing and growing a lot,” he said.
When asked what makes Taiwan a great country to invest in, Shueh said that the island state has lots of excellent engineers and competent manpower with topnotch advertising and marketing experience.
“A lot of companies launched here. Blizzard launched its first eStadium in Taiwan,” he said. “Acer, Asus, all of these are businesses in Taiwan. Razer is launching a gaming smartphone that will be based in Taiwan. There's a lot coming in the future.”
Comments
Netflix Is No Longer the Top Gun in S&P 500 This Year
Netflix has been dethroned by Nektar Therapeutics as the best-performing stock in the S&P 500 this year.
Monday's addition of the high-flying biotech company to the benchmark index bumped Netflix into second place in terms of year-to-date performance. Nektar's shares have gained 74 percent so far this year amid speculation of a potential deal, while Netflix has climbed 62 percent.
Some analysts have warned that investors may be getting ahead of themselves when it comes to Nektar's experimental cancer therapy as clinical studies have yet to confirm the promising preliminary results. The San Francisco-based company is due to post updates at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in June.
One prosperity gospel televangelist is now taking donations for his next private jet…
Oh wait, excuse me, his “ministry's private jet.”
Louisiana preacher Jesse Duplantis already has three private jets, but he needs a fourth one to get him closer to God.
According to CNN, Jesse was having a convo with the one upstairs when the epiphany came that he needed a new $54 million plane. “It was one of the greatest statements the Lord ever told me,” Jesse said.
“He said, ‘Jesse do you want to come up where I'm at? I want you to bleed me for a Falcon 7X.'”
In other words, folks pull out your wallets!
Jesse made a whole video on his website urging his congregation to donate to his private jet fund saying “All it's gonna do is it's going to touch people, it's going to reach people, it's going to change lives one soul at a time.”
There's more.
“I really believe that if Jesus was physically on the earth today, he wouldn't be riding a donkey,” Jesse said. “He'd be in an airplane preaching the Gospel all over the world.”
So I guess Jesse never thought Jesus might be fine with the coach section.
This isn't the first time a minister has wanted his jets shining for Jesus.
Another prosperity gospel preacher, Kenneth Copeland, bought a Gulfstream V jet from Tyler Perry using donations from his congregation.
You can watch Kenneth and Jesse defend their needs to fly luxuriously in the clip below…
…if you can stomach it.
Uuum: This Preacher Wants All His Followers' Coins So He Can Buy 4th Private Jet was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Barb Slone | Greene County News
The Fairborn Area Chamber of Commerce hosted its annual banquet April 20, awarding individuals for their accomplishments over the last year. The Fairborn Senior Center was awarded the President's Award.
Fairborn City Schools Superintendent Mark North was awarded the Jack Huelsman Civic Award
Jon Moeggenberg, code enforcement supervisor, was given the City of Fairborn Award.
The late Wendi Kirsch was given the Greene County Career Center Award. Her husband, Tom Kirsch, accepted the award on her behalf.
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows North Carolina State Trooper Michael G. Blake, who has been charged with assault in t...
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows North Carolina Trooper Tabithia L. Davis, who has been charged with assault in the ar...
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
By JONATHAN DREW
Associated Press
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Officers are shown tackling and punching a man on newly released video of an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
Dashboard camera video released Wednesday from one of the first troopers to arrive shows Kyron Hinton standing alone late on April 3, moaning and gesturing on a Raleigh street. More than a half-dozen officers from multiple agencies surround him as cars pass.
Eventually a canine handler approaches, with the dog barking. The handler yells: "Get on the ground; you're gonna get bit!"
When Hinton doesn't comply, the officer releases the dog, which lunges and gets a mouthful of Hinton's clothing. The canine handler then grabs Hinton's upper torso and pulls him down, the video shows.
While Hinton is on the ground, at least one other officer can be seen punching him. Others hold onto his legs to try to subdue him.
The videos from three law enforcement agencies were released Wednesday to news outlets including The Associated Press after they went to court to request they be made public. North Carolina law generally requires a judge's order for the release of police dashboard or body camera footage.
Wake County Master Deputy Cameron Broadwell, a canine handler, was charged earlier this month with two counts of felony assault in an indictment alleging that he hit Hinton with his hands and attacked him with the dog.
Troopers Michael G. Blake and Tabithia L. Davis were charged with one count each of felony assault; the Wake County indictment alleges they hit Hinton with their flashlights.
All three are also charged with willfully failing to discharge duties, a misdemeanor. Each has been placed on administrative duty.
Broadwell's attorneys write in court documents that Hinton was acting in a threatening manner, appeared intoxicated and refused to comply with commands from officers. The attorneys noted that five people had called 911 to report Hinton standing in the middle of the busy street "screaming, yelling, and acting in a threatening manner."
Broadwell's attorney Rick Gammon declined further comment Wednesday. Attorneys for Blake and Davis didn't immediately respond to messages seeking comment on the videos.
Initially, Hinton was charged with disorderly conduct, resisting officers and attacking a law enforcement dog, according to arrest records. The charges were later dropped.
Hinton has said that he suffered an eye injury during the arrest that required surgery. He also told reporters earlier this month that he still has scars from being bitten by the law enforcement dog.
"When you see the actual video footage, it's worse than a horror movie," he said earlier this month.
___
Follow Drew at www.twitter.com/JonathanLDrew
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Supreme Court rejected Arkansas' request to lift a stay late Monday that would allow the state to conduct its first execution since 2005.
Justices turned down Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge's request to vacate a stay for Don Davis, who was set to die Monday night by lethal injection. It is the second time in seven years Davis has come within hours of execution before the courts intervened.
Arkansas had planned to execute eight inmates before the end of April, when one of its lethal injection drugs expires.
Gov. Asa Hutchinson said in a statement he was disappointed by the Supreme Court's decision. But the Republican governor said he was heartened by other court rulings earlier Monday that could pave the way for the state to execute several more inmates before the end of the month.
“While this has been an exhausting day for all involved, tomorrow we will continue to fight back on last minute appeals and efforts to block justice for the victims' families,” Hutchinson said.
Rutledge noted that there are five upcoming executions “with nothing preventing them from occurring.”
Earlier, the Arkansas Supreme Court granted stays for Davis and Bruce Ward.
Davis and Ward wanted stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a separate case concerning access to independent mental health experts by defendants. Oral arguments in that case are set for April 24 – putting a serious time constraint on Arkansas, which is trying to fast-track the lethal injections before one of the three key execution drugs expire on April 30.
A federal judge on Saturday temporarily blocked plans by the state to push through the executions, claiming that Arkansas' rush to execute is reckless and unconstitutional. In response, Rutledge said all the issues being raised previously had been dealt with and claimed it was a stalling tactic.
The inmates are all convicted murderers, including one found guilty of raping and murdering a mother of two and another convicted in the torture-killing of a 15-year-old boy.
The unprecedented pace of executions sought by the state stems from a practical dilemma – its supply of midazolam, one of three drugs used in its lethal injection procedure, is set to expire at the end of the month. Since 2013, at least four botched executions have been traced back to midazolam.
The executions had originally been expected to start on Monday. But even before the federal judge decision over the weekend, a state judge on Friday blocked the use of one of the drugs used in the three-drug lethal cocktail after a complaint from a drug distributor — though the company said Saturday it was withdrawing its complaint due to the federal order.
Fox News' Barnini Chakraborty and the Associated Press contributed to this report.
MINNEAPOLIS — The Latest on the NFL Honors (all times local):
7:05 p.m.
One night before he hopes to add a sixth Super Bowl title to his collection, Tom Brady has won The Associated Press NFL 2017 Most Valuable Player Award.
The four-time Super Bowl MVP of the New England Patriots also took the regular-season award in 2007 and 2010. He's the fifth straight quarterback to win.
At 40, Brady had one of his best seasons with 32 touchdown passes and eight interceptions, a passer rating of 102.8 and, not incidentally, a 13-3 record to top the AFC. He did that despite missing his favourite receiver, Julian Edelman, for the entire schedule.
Brady earned 40 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. That easily outdistanced Rams running back Todd Gurley with eight, and Eagles QB Carson Wentz with two. Wentz was considered a strong MVP contender before tearing up his left knee in Game 13.
——
6:50 p.m.
In his first season running a team, and as the youngest head coach in NFL history, Sean McVay won The Associated Press 2017 NFL Coach of the Year award.
McVay, who turned 32 on Jan. 24, led the Los Angeles Rams to an 11-5 record, a seven-game improvement from the mark they managed the previous year.
The Rams won their first NFC West title since 2003, and second-year quarterback Jared Goff improved exponentially under McVay's guidance.
McVay ran away with the voting by a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. He drew 35 votes to 11 for Minnesota's Mike Zimmer. Doug Marrone of Jacksonville received two votes, while the Super Bowl coaches, Philadelphia's Doug Pederson and New England's Bill Belichick, each got one.
——
6:40 p.m.
Carolina Panthers linebacker Luke Kuechly has won the 2017 Art Rooney Sportsmanship Award.
The award recognizes the NFL player who best demonstrates the qualities of outstanding sportsmanship on the playing field, including fair play, respect for opponents and integrity in competition.
The award was founded in 2014 in honour of the late founding owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers and Pro Football Hall of Famer Art Rooney, Sr.
Kuechly will receive a $25,000 donation from the NFL Foundation to a charity of his choice.
——
6:30 p.m.
Pat Shurmur heads to his new job as coach of the New York Giants with a prize.
For his work as offensive co-ordinator with the Minnesota Vikings, Shurmur has won The Associated Press 2017 NFL Assistant Coach of the Year award.
With a backup quarterback, Case Keenum, and without prized rookie running back Dalvin Cook for most of the year, Shurmur helped Minnesota go 13-3 and win the NFC North with a strong attack. The Vikings ranked 11th overall in offence, doing so without a true star.
Shurmur earned 24 1/2 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the NFL. He easily outdistanced New Orleans defensive co-ordinator Dennis Allen, New England DC Matt Patricia, and Los Angeles Rams DC Wade Phillips, who all got four votes.
And Shurmur, former head coach in Cleveland, parlayed his Vikings work into the top job in New York.
——
6:30 p.m.
Los Angeles Chargers wide receiver Keenan Allen returned from two devastating injuries to win The Associated Press 2017 NFL Comeback Player of the Year Award.
Allen missed half of the 2015 season with a kidney issue, then was lost in the 2016 season opener with a torn right ACL. There were questions if Allen would ever player at a high level again.
He answered those emphatically this season with the best year of his career. Allen caught 102 passes for 1,393 yards and six touchdowns. He was targeted 159 times, nearly 10 per game.
That performance earned him 28 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. He easily outdistanced Minnesota quarterback Case Keenum, who had eight.
——
6:20 p.m.
Hard-hitting linebackers Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher and big-play receiver Randy Moss all made the Pro Football Hall of Fame on their first try, while controversial receiver Terrell Owens got in on his third time on the ballot.
Safety Brian Dawkins also got voted by the 47 Hall of Fame voters as part of the eight-person class that also included contributor Bobby Beathard and senior nominees Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile.
Lewis and Urlacher helped define playing middle linebacker in their era with Lewis winning two AP Defensive Player of the Year awards and one Super Bowl MVP for Baltimore and Urlacher winning a Defensive Player of the Year award of his own.
Moss and Owens were two of the most dynamic receivers of their time, but also lightning rods because of an inability to get along well with teammates and coaches at times that led to each playing for five teams in their careers.
——
6:15 p.m.
No rookie had more impact on his NFL team this season than New Orleans Saints cornerback Marshon Lattimore, The Associated Press 2017 NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year.
The 11th overall draft pick and first from his position selected, Lattimore was a shutdown defender as the Saints won the NFC South with an 11-5 record. The Ohio State product had five interceptions and 18 passes defenced in 13 games, was a sure tackler and, by midseason, was someone opposing quarterbacks tended to avoid.
He missed three games, one because of a concussion and two with an ankle injury. But his performance led to a runaway victory in the nationwide voting by 50 media members who regular cover the NFL. Lattimore got 45 votes, far ahead of Buffalo CB Tra'Davious White with four and San Francisco LB Reuben Foster got one.
——
6:10 p.m.
Sam Gordon, 14, was honoured as the first “Game Changer.”
Gordon played in an almost all-boys tackle league in Utah when she was 9.
A few years later, when Gordon wanted to keep playing, she learned that there were no more leagues in which girls could play.
Gordon and her father, Brent, launched the Utah Girls Tackle Football League — the first all-girls tackle football league. It doubled in size after its first year — and inspired similar leagues in Indiana, Georgia and Canada.
——
5:50 p.m.
Todd Gurley's sensational turnaround season in which he ran for 13 touchdowns and caught six TD passes in the Los Angeles' Rams equally impressive reversal of fortunes earned him The Associated Press 2017 Offensive Player of the Year Award.
The third-year running back was the AP's top offensive rookie in 2015, then had a mediocre second season. When Sean McVay took over as coach and Jared Goff was installed as the No. 1 quarterback, it was imperative that Gurley rebound. Did he ever, rushing for 1,305 yards and dominating defences as LA went 11-5 to win the NFC West.
Gurley got 37 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. That put him far ahead of Pittsburgh receiver Antonio Brown, who received eight votes. Patriots quarterback Tom Brady got 4 and Houston receiver DeAndre Hopkins had one.
——
5:45 p.m.
In a year featuring outstanding rookie running backs, the New Orleans Saints' Alvin Kamara has won The Associated Press 2017 NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year award.
Kamara, a third-round draft pick from Tennessee, beat another third-rounder, Kansas City RB Kareem Hunt, in balloting by a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. Kamara, selected 19 spots ahead of Hunt, received 28 votes to 21 for Hunt. Houston rookie quarterback Deshaun Watson, despite playing in only seven games before a season-ending knee injury, got the other vote.
Kamara shared duties with veteran Mark Ingram as the Saints won the NFC South. He rushed for 728 yards with a 6.1-yard average, and scored eight times. He also caught 81 passes for 826 yards, with five touchdowns.
——
5:25 p.m.
Aaron Donald is the first pure defensive tackle to win The Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year award since 1999.
Often the province of outside pass rushers and backs, the Los Angeles Rams star broke the trend by earning 23 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. Warren Sapp of Tampa Bay was the previous DT to win the award. Others have been Hall of Famers Joe Greene and Cortez Kennedy.
While the Rams' defence didn't rank highly in league stats, Donald was a force. The 2014 top defensive rookie spent 2017 destroying blockers, leading all players at his position with 11 sacks and had 58 pressures while usually being double-teamed.
End Calais Campbell, in his first season with the Jaguars, was second with 17 votes. Arizona's Chandler Jones got five.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
President Donald Trump's response to this weekend's incidents in Charlottesville, Virginia has been met with disapproval from both sides of the political aisle. Bloomberg's Kevin Cirilli reports on 'Bloomberg Surveillance.' (Source: Bloomberg)
Follow @bpolitics for all the latest news, and sign up for our daily Balance of Power newsletter.
President Donald Trump will meet with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI Director Christopher Wray in Washington on Monday to discuss the deadly white-supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, the White House said after a mounting public outcry about Trump's response to the extremists.
“There is no bigger case right now that we are working on. Every resource will be dedicated to it,” Sessions said on CBS. “I will be asking that we do that kind of thing today.”
Jeff Sessions and Donald Trump. Photographer: Andrtew Harrer/Bloomberg
Clashes in Charlottesville on Aug. 12. Photographer: Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post via Getty Images
Trump on Saturday denounced the “egregious display of hatred, bigotry, violence -- on many sides” in Charlottesville. The White House said “of course” he included white supremacists, neo-Nazis “and all extremist groups” in that statement.
Sessions defended Trump and suggested the president may say more publicly about the issue Monday.
Domestic Terrorism
“He explicitly condemned the kind of ideology behind these movements of Nazism, white supremacy, the KKK. That is his unequivocal position,” Sessions said on ABC. “I think you'll hear that again today.”
He also sought to reassure listeners about the federal government's civil-rights probe of a car attack in Charlottesville that killed one counter-protester and injured 19 others. Two Virginia State Police pilots assisting with law enforcement during the rally also died Saturday when their helicopter crashed.
“It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute,” Sessions said of the car attack. “You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation for the most serious charges that can be brought.”
Missed Opportunity
Both Democrats and Republicans said over the weekend that Trump missed a chance to unite the country with his remarks on Saturday, in which he condemned “hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides” but failed to specifically call out the white-nationalist groups behind the weekend's violence.
“He missed an opportunity to be very explicit here,” Senator Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican, told Fox News on Sunday. “These groups seem to believe they have a friend in Donald Trump in the White House.”
Vice President Mike Pence offered a more forceful condemnation of white supremacists on Sunday than Trump had. “We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo Nazis or the KKK,” Pence said during a news conference in Colombia, where he stopped on a tour of Latin America.
Corporate, Foreign Backlash
The violence also sparked condemnation internationally.
“These were repulsive scenes” of racism, anti-Semitism and hate, said a spokesman for German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
She and the entire German government express solidarity “with those who take a peaceful stand against such aggressive right-wing extremist stances,” said the spokesman, Steffen Seibert, at a briefing in Berlin.
Merck & Co.'s CEO resigned from Trump's council of manufacturing executives Monday, saying “America's leaders must honor our fundamental values” by rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy.
Trump responded less than an hour later on Twitter, suggesting the CEO, Ken Frazier, now focus on lowering “ripoff drug prices.”
— With assistance by Laura Curtis
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A boozed up motorist set off a deadly chain of car wrecks in the Bronx early Saturday, that left a man dead and two women injured, police said.
The drunken 2006 Jeep driver, Andres Mayora, 54, was flying north up Bronx Blvd. in Parkside at about 2:50 a.m. when he slammed into the back of a silver 2012 Nissan Altima also traveling north, operated by Shiquan Dunn, 31, police said.
The collision caused Dunn's car to spin out of control and slam into another Nissan Altima making a left turn onto the highway from Burke Avenue, cops said.
Mayora's Jeep also crashed into two cars parked outside a nearby apartment building, police said.
Dunn died at the scene and a 28-year-old woman riding in the passenger seat was transported to Jacobi Medical Center with minor injuries, according to authorities.
A 48-year-old woman in the second Altima and Mayora were also transported to Jacobi with minor injuries, cops said.
The intoxicated driver was charged with driving under the influence, according to authorities.
By Dean Reynolds
SYRACUSE, NY – In 2013 it started as a trail, now it has become one of the most looked forward to events on the Lucas Oil Empire Super Sprints (ESS) schedule. This Wednesday the Sixth Annual Donath MotorWorx Central New York (CNY) Speedweek kicks off.
Five nights at five of the finest dirt tracks in CNY from July 4th to July 8th. All events will pay $2,500 to win, $1,500 for second, $1,000 for third and $300 to take the green. Thanks to Speedweek title sponsor Donath MotorWorx a $3,000 point fund as been set up with $1,000 going to the Speedweek Champion.
On Wednesday, our Nation's Birthday, the winged machines from the Lucas Oil Tour will head up to the Can-Am Speedway, followed by a trip to the Land of Legends Raceway Thursday, Friday it's off to the Brewerton Speedway with the Fulton Speedway hosting on Saturday night. The finale on Sunday is the traditional stop at the Utica-Rome Speedway where the Speedweek champ will be crowned.
Quebec's Michael Parent won the 2013 Speedweek Championship, Jason Barney was on top in 2014 with Steve Poirier doubling up in 2015 & 16. Last year it was Danny Varin taking home the $1,000 championship crown.
Coleman Gulick leads Barney by a narrow margin for the overall Lucas Oil ESS championship with Matt Tanner, Billy VanInwegen and Matt Billings rounding out the top five in points. Paulie Colagiovanni, Paul Kinney, Steve Poirier, Mike Mahaney and Chad Miller follow.
All events will also pay points to the NAPA Auto Parts US Tour with Barney leading Gulick by one point followed by VanInwegen, Colagiovanni and Billings. Each event except Fulton will be part of the E&V Energy I90/I81 Series with Danny Varin leading his dad Bobby followed by Chuck Hebing, Shawn Donath and Colagiovanni. All the points awarded make each event that much more important.
E3 Spark Plugs brings you the timed hot laps with Car Mate Trailers sponsoring all heat events. Lacaillade Masonry backs the B-Main all leading up to the Mach 1 Chassis A-Main 25 lap finale. Special thanks to Cook's Plumbing, Heating and Hardware, Robert Finley Sr. Memorial, 87 Speed/X1 Race Cars, Pitre Painting and Prestige Pool and Spa sponsoring the Cobra Coaches Dash Events.
More than $75,000 will be up for grabs over the five nights with some of the best 360 sprint car drivers in five states and two Canadian Provinces looking for Speedweek gold.
July 4th through July 8th… Sixth Annual Donath MotorWorx CNY Speedweek for the Lucas Oil Empire Super Sprints. It will be excitement guaranteed!!
For more Information on the Lucas Oil Empire Super Sprints:
Web: www.empiresupersprints.com
Twitter: @ESSprints
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/EmpireSuperSprints
Android App: Empire Super Sprints
The Lucas Oil Empire Super Sprints are brought to you by: Lucas Oil, Mach 1 Chassis, NAPA Auto Parts, Hoosier Racing Tires, Donath Motorworx, Insinger Performance/Sunoco Race Fuels, Scorpion Security Products, 1000 Islands RV Centre, Car Mate Trailers, Fondations 4 Saisons, Ohsweken Speedway, Cobra Coaches, Fondations 55, E&V Energy, SUNY Canton, Pinnacle Employee Services, Engler Machine and Tool, Kevin Nouse Design/K1 Racegear, Shuttleworth Asphalt Sealing, Brodix Cylinder Heads, Lacaillade Masonry, FX Caprara Ford/Chevy, ASI Racewear and many, many associate sponsors!!
Image caption Prisons inspector David Strang asks if imprisonment contributes to crime reduction
Scotland's prisons' watchdog has called for greater emphasis on developing offenders' potential for good rather than focussing on their past wrongs.
David Strang is stepping down after five years as HM Chief Inspector of Prisons for Scotland (HMIPS).
In a valedictory address he said the purpose of the criminal justice system is to reduce the number of victims of crime by preventing offending.
And he asked if imprisonment contributes to crime reduction.
Scotland has one of the highest rates of imprisonment in Europe and Mr Strang, a former chief constable of Lothian and Borders, said during his inspections he had seen too many people jailed for short terms whose incarceration was more likely to result in further victims of crime.
'Unhelpful barriers'
Speaking in Edinburgh, he said it was important to ensure that when people leave prison at the end of their sentence they are less likely to return there in the future - and that meant reducing barriers to successful reintegration.
"Too often society puts these unhelpful barriers in place for those who most need support to get back into the employment market," he said.
"If we are serious about rehabilitation and successful reintegration, rather than focussing only on the past wrongs a person has committed, we should put much greater emphasis on developing the potential for good that lies in them.
"Much of what people in prison need cannot be delivered by the Scottish Prison Service (SPS) alone. Provision of throughcare services before and after their liberation are essential to successful reintegration.
"These responsibilities lie not just with the SPS, but with wider services such as education, housing, healthcare, employment and welfare benefits.
"Fundamentally these are dependent not so much on the criminal justice system, but on wider social justice issues of poverty, inequality, exclusion and marginalisation."
Mr Strang said Scotland had much to be proud of in the way its prisons are run, but greater use should be made of community disposals such as electronic monitoring or tagging to manage people in the community rather than in prison."
He said he recognised a prison sentence should be reserved for people who have committed serious crime or pose a significant risk to public safety.
But he said imprisoning people for short periods is counterproductive as they were more - not less - likely to reoffend after serving a short custodial sentence.
Risk of reoffending
And he called on improvements to the way prisoners are treated at the end of their sentence.
"I see too many people who on their day of liberation do not know where they will be living. Many end up homeless, or in very temporary - and often unsuitable - accommodation.
"The consequences of this are clear: it is too easy to revert back to their previous lifestyle of reoffending in the company of unhelpful influences, and any positive progress made in prison is lost," he said.
"I have seen too often people leaving prison with approximately £75 in their pocket and with the prospect of having to wait several weeks before being eligible for basic benefits.
"We should not be surprised in these circumstances that people are at risk of returning to reoffending and a possible future prison sentence."
In his speech, What next for prisons in Scotland?, Mr Strang said more needed to be done to reduce the number of women jailed.
SPS has announced it is to replace the national women's prison at Cornton Vale near Stirling and provide smaller Community Custody Units (CCUs) in Glasgow and Dundee.
But the chief inspector said plans are for a total of 230 places in prison for women across Scotland - and the current number in custody remains stubbornly high at more than 350.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Sunday, Sept. 27, 2015, file photo, Merck Chairman and CEO Kenneth Frazier participates in a session "The Future of Impact," at the Clinton Global Initiative in New York.
(AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File). FILE - In this Thursday, Feb. 23, 2017, file photo, President Donald Trump, left, speaks during a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House in Washington, including Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier.
By LINDA A. JOHNSONAP Medical Writer
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - The CEOs of athletic wear manufacturer Under Armour, computer chipmaker Intel and pharmaceutical company Merck resigned Monday from the White House's American Manufacturing Council - with the Merck withdrawal drawing a quick and angry Twitter outburst from President Donald Trump.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier cited the president's failure to explicitly rebuke the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend. He wrote on Twitter Monday that "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which runs counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier is one of the few African-Americans to head a Fortune 500 company.
Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank resigned from the panel later Monday, saying his company "engages in innovation and sports, not politics." Plank did not specifically mention Trump or Charlottesville, but said his company will focus on promoting "unity, diversity and inclusion" through sports.
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich followed, writing that while he had urged leaders to condemn "white supremacists and their ilk," many in Washington "seem more concerned with attacking anyone who disagrees with them."
Trump was under increasing pressure to call out the white supremacist groups involved in the Charlottesville demonstration. He lashed out almost immediately at Frazier, saying on Twitter that he will now "have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
The president followed up later in the day, tweeting that Merck "is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back & LOWER PRICES!"
Drugmakers have come under withering criticism for soaring prices in the U.S., including by Trump, though he has yet to act on a promise to contain them.
With the barbs, Trump appeared to attack an industry executive who has tried to make drug pricing somewhat more transparent by revealing his company's overall drug price changes.
In January, Merck reported that its average net prices - the amount the company receives after discounts and other rebates - increased in the years since 2010 in a range between 3.4 percent and 6.2 percent per year. That's about half as large as the increase in its retail prices. Much of the furor over drug prices recently has been over increases that have been far bigger and come one after another for drugs that have been on the market for years.
The exchange lit up social media early Monday, with many people lauding Frazier and blasting the president. Trump eventually made a statement condemning bigotry Monday afternoon at a press conference.
Meanwhile, other executives stated their support for Frazier.
Unilever CEO Paul Polman wrote on Twitter, "Thanks @Merck Ken Frazier for strong leadership to stand up for the moral values that made this country what it is."
Frazier, who grew up in a poor neighborhood in Philadelphia, resigned from the manufacturing advisory council days after one person was killed and others wounded in violent clashes between white supremacists and protesters.
Frazier and his siblings were raised by their janitor father after their mother died when they were very young. He has earned a reputation as a risk taker in the drug industry, pouring money into daunting research areas, particularly trying to develop a treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
Frazier is not the first executive to resign from advisory councils serving Trump.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk resigned from the manufacturing council in June, and two other advisory groups to the president, after the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. Walt Disney Co. Chairman and CEO Bob Iger resigned for the same reason from the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, which Trump established to advise him on how government policy impacts economic growth and job creation.
The manufacturing jobs council had 28 members initially, but it has shrunk since it was formed earlier this year as executives retire, are replaced, or, as with Frazier and Musk, resign.
William Galston, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, said he couldn't "think of a parallel example" of any president responding as viciously as Trump to a CEO departing an advisory council.
"Usually, certain niceties are observed to smooth over a rupture," said Galston, who served as a domestic policy aide in the Clinton administration.
"We've learned that as president, Mr. Trump is behaving exactly as he did as a candidate," Galston said. "He knows only one mode: When attacked, hit back harder."
___
AP Economics Writer Josh Boak in Washington contributed to this story.
___
Follow Linda A. Johnson at https://twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Former Giants star Jason Pierre-Paul sent out a reminder to be c​​areful with fireworks this Fourth of July — with hard-to-forget gruesome images of his mangled hand.
The 29-year-old defensive end famously disfigured his right digits when handling fireworks on July 4, 2015, and had to have his index finger amputated.
The stomach-churning photos he posted on Instagram show his charred skin being held together by pins and strings and large swaths of exposed skin.
“Looking at these pictures seems unreal and crazy. How your life can change in the blink of an eye,” Pierre-Paul wrote. “We are celebrating the birthday of our great nation. I'm glad to still be alive to show you the outcome of what happened to me. Please don't feel sorry for me, trust me your boy fine even with missing fingers lol,” said.
Issuing a final warning, the ​current Tampa Bay Buccaneer wrote: “Be safe out there otherwise, this can be you.”
Of the 11,000 fireworks-related injuries in 2016, 7,600 were treated in ERs during the period between June 18 and July 18, according to a report on 2016 by the Consumer Product Safety Commission and its National Electronic Injury Surveillance System.
WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGE
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDEPENDENCE, Mo. -- Shot seemingly out of nowhere, a metro woman ended up in the hospital. Police say target shooters simply missed their mark.
It happened as that woman stood outside the Hawthorn Place Apartments near the intersection of 291 and 24-Highways in Independence.
Police said the person or people who are responsible for this shooting were taking target practice — shooting at beer cans placed on top of hay bales in a field. At least one missed and that bullet hit a woman at the apartment complex nearby.
The woman's son said she had just gotten out of her car and was standing in the parking lot outside of her home when she heard a gunshot coming from the direction of the field.
The next thing she knew, she had a pain in her arm and realized she had been shot. The bullet went through her arm and into her side where it remains.
It is illegal to shoot a weapon in the city limits of Independence like that, because of situations just like this one.
"This is an extremely dangerous situation; we have people up here shooting beer cans. These bullets have to go somewhere and in this case, they hit someone -- totally innocent victim, totally uninvolved," Independence police officer John Syme said.
Once a bullet leaves a gun, it can travel well over a mile and will not stop until it hits something or someone.
Investigators figured out what happened after they found a beer can on top of one of the hay bales and others in the field. They believe alcohol had something to do with the reckless decision to take target practice so close to where people live.
Whoever did this will most likely be facing unlawful use of a weapon charges, just for starters. Police believe the suspect or suspects live in this area.
If you have any information about who was involved, please call the TIPS hotline at (816) 474-TIPS.
More than a year after it was revealed that its water supply was tainted by the chemical PFOS, Newburgh is getting a new water filtration plant. Erica Byfield reports. (Published 4 hours ago)
More than a year after it was revealed that its water supply was tainted by the chemical PFOS, Newburgh is getting a new water filtration plant. See More
The Dodgers and Cubs systems are off to good starts. Los Angeles has a trio of prospects on our first PTOW, while Chicago has two representatives.
C: Aramis Garcia, San Jose Giants (Class A Advanced)
Giants No. 15 prospect
8 G, .351/.400/.622, 11 R, 1 2B, 3 HR, 12 RBI, 2 BB, 10 SO
Garcia had injury problems in 2016, but is trying to put them behind him back in San Jose. A seven-game hit streak to open the season (he went 0-for-3 to break it on Saturday) certainly doesn't hurt, and he drove in 10 runs in a four-game span from April 8-11. He had 10 hits over those four games as well.
1B: Cody Bellinger, Oklahoma City Dodgers (Triple-A)
Dodgers No. 1 prospect
10 G, .395/.465/.737, 9 R, 4 2B, 3 HR, 11 RBI, 5 BB, 12 SO, 4 SB
It looks like Bellinger is starting off his first full season of Triple-A the way he finished things in 2016: red hot. The 21-year-old got hits in eight of his 10 games played since the start of the season, with five of them of the multi-hit variety. He hit his first home run of the season in game 3 on April 8, then added another two on the 13th and 16th. He has driven in runs in four straight games and has even gone 4-for-4 in stolen base attempts.
2B: Ian Happ, Iowa Cubs (Triple-A)
Cubs No. 2 prospect
11 G, .311/.367/.733, 11 R, 1 2B, 6 HR, 10 RBI, 4 BB, 6 SO
Happ currently leads the Minor Leagues with six home runs, continuing to swing the bat well after a strong showing in big league camp during Spring Training. The 2015 first-rounder had five two-hit games and went deep in six different contests.
Top prospects of the week
Happ and Candelario are top prospects of the week
MLBPipeline.com's Jonathan Mayo talks about Cubs prospects Ian Happ and Jeimer Candelario, two of the top prospects of the week
3B: Jeimer Candelario, Iowa Cubs (Triple-A)
Cubs No. 4 prospect
11 G, .316/.409/.763, 7 R, 7 2B, 2 3B, 2 HR, 16 RBI, 6 BB, 15 SO
The Minor League leader in RBIs with 16, Candelario did most of his run-producing damage in three games, driving in five runs in each of the first two games of the season and then again on April 12. The corner infielder had 12 hits over his first 11 games; 11 of them were for extra bases.
SS: Brendon Davis, Great Lakes Loons (Class A)
Dodgers No. 27 prospect
9 G, .444/.595/.741, 6 R, 3 2B, 1 3B, 1 HR, 4 RBI, 8 BB, 9 SO, 1 SB
Not only did Davis pick up 12 hits over his first nine games, he also drew eight walks, leading to a Minor League-leading .595 on-base percentage to start the year. He leads the Midwest League in that category and batting average while standing second to teammate Carlos Rincon (more on him in a bit) in OPS. Davis had four multi-hit games and finished the week with a three-hit performance on Saturday.
OF: Cedric Mullins, Bowie Baysox (Double-A)
Orioles No. 19 prospect
10 G, .455/.489/.818, 15 R, 5 2B, 1 3B, 3 HR, 8 RBI, 3 BB, 5 SO, 3 SB
Mullins started off the year with a four-hit game and hasn't stopped, carrying a 10-game hitting streak into this week's action. His 20 hits lead the Minors and his .818 slugging percentage is good for fourth. Mullins' three homers came in his first five games and he had six multi-hit games over his first 10.
OF: Marcus Wilson, Kane County Cougars (Class A)
D-backs No. 21 prospect
10 G, .405/.511/.811, 11 R, 1 2B, 1 3B, 4 HR, 12 RBI, 8 BB, 5 SO, 2 SB
The toolsy Wilson continues to put things together, and if the start of his 2017 season is any indication, he could be poised for a breakout campaign. His four home runs surpassed his career total (3) heading into the season and he walked more than he struck out. He finished off last week with a bang: two home runs and six RBIs on Saturday.
OF: Carlos Rincon, Great Lakes Loons (Class A)
Dodgers No. 24 prospect
8 G, .367/.457/.900, 7 R, 1 2B, 5 HR, 11 RBI, 5 BB, 14 SO, 1 SB
Rincon teamed with Davis for a formidable duo in the Midwest League. The 19-year-old outfielder leads the Minors with his .900 slugging percentage and is tied for second with five homers. He had a two-homer, four-RBI game on April 12.
LHP: Foster Griffin, Wilimington Blue Rocks (Class A Advanced)
Royals No. 22 prospect
1-0, 0.82 ERA, 2 GS, 11 IPs, 5 H, 1 R, 1 ER, 0 BB, 14 SO, 0.45 WHIP
Griffin had two solid starts in his return to the Carolina League. On April 7, the 21-year-old southpaw gave up one run on two hits over five innings, striking out eight. He followed that up on the 12th with six shutout frames, striking out a half dozen more. What's more impressive is that he didn't allow a single walk across both starts.
RHP: Dane Dunning, Kannapolis Intimidators (Class A)
White Sox No. 10 prospect
0-0, 0.64 ERA, 2 GS, 14 IPs, 7 H, 2 R, 1 ER, 0 BB, 21 SO, 0.50 WHIP
The “other” guy in the Adam Eaton trade, Dunning certainly got off on the right foot with his new organization. The 2016 draftee gave up a run over six innings, striking out eight in his debut, then really turned it on in start No. 2, striking out 13 over eight shutout innings. Like Griffin, he also didn't walk anyone and it's easy to wonder how long it will be before the University of Florida product pitches his way out of the South Atlantic League.
RP: Tanner Rainey, Daytona Tortugas (Class A Adv)
Reds No. 28 prospect
0-0, 0.00 ERA, 5 G, 7 IPs, 0 H, 0 R, 0 ER, 0 BB, 16 SO, 0.00 WHIP
It's hard to imagine a reliever being more dominant than Rainey, who is returning to a bullpen role he once had in college after starting his pro career as a starter. Rainey made five perfect appearances out of Daytona's bullpen, striking out at least two in all five outings. Rainey struck out 16 of the 21 batters he faced without walking anyone.
Rainey has an impressive week
Tanner Rainey is one of the week's top prospects
MLBPipeline.com's Jonathan Mayo talks about Tanner Rainey, the first reliever to make the prospect team of the week
Drums as tool for economic growth – The Nation Newspaper
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Redding's next-door neighbors have issued an open invitation to the community to participate in a ‘Pride' parade celebrating lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer community members on Sunday, April 23 on Main Street in Bethel from 1 to 3.
The parade was devised by Bethel Middle School students Hailey Gesler and Marcella Antunes.
“Everyone and anyone can come,” said Hailey's mother, Alexis Wilson of Bethel.
Those wishing to watch the parade can line Bethel's Main Street and be prepared for a 1 p.m. step-off time.
Those wishing to march in the parade are asked to gather at P.T. Barnum Square at 12:30.
Wilson thinks this may be the first local Pride parade in Fairfield County. Cities like New Haven and New York are known for hosting large events, but to have one in such a small town is an anomaly.
The parade was devised by the middle schoolers after they conducted a school research project on a specific social problem and it's affect on an individual. Hailey and Marcella's project was on discrimination against the LGBTQ community, and Ellen Degeneres.
After the parade, there will be a host of vendors and entertainers collected on the lawn in front of Bethel's Municipal Center, on School Street, for further congregation.
There will also be a DJ, guest speakers and a “surprise” performer.
Wilson says Bethel's municipal leaders have been very helpful in organizing the event, and the community has been very welcoming.
“Everyone has been really very helpful and open to the idea,” Wilson said, adding they needed to secure permits from the police, and Park & Recreation departments for the event.
“It's been great,” she added. “The response from the community is exciting. Just seeing the support that she has in the community for her event is exciting.”
The group is planning to host between 200 and 600 participants during the event.
Information: [email protected]
The Department of Education wasn't taking any chances after a recent outburst of city school violence — even for a football game.
In a rare security measure, the DOE placed a metal detector at the site of the Friday afternoon football game between DeWitt Clinton HS and Erasmus HS in Flatbush.
A 19-year-old was stabbed outside Erasmus Thursday.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
There was a small turnout but there were lots of questions for city leaders at a firearm safety meeting that was held Tuesday night in Saratoga.
Just over a dozen residents showed up for the community meeting, with several asking why the city is considering adopting a firearm storage and reporting ordinance.
“We're aware children can get weapons,” Mayor Mary-Lynne Bernald said. “This is an opportunity to say these are steps we as Saratoga residents can take to keep guns away from children. We are not looking to remove anyone's gun rights.”
The proposed ordinance would require gun owners to report lost or stolen guns within 48 hours of learning a weapon is missing. It also specifies that guns must be locked or disabled when they're not in the owner's “immediate control and possession.”
“A lot of times we define that as within arm's reach,” Santa Clara County Sheriff's Captain Rich Urena said.
A resident who supports locking or disabling firearms demonstrated that a gun lockbox can be opened in seconds if the owner programs it with a simple code like “1-2-3-4.”
But two seconds to open a lockbox is too long, resident Tom Coe said.
“I'm confronted with an intruder and I have to tell him wait, I've got to go get my firearm,” Coe questioned.
California does not currently have a firearm storage law, Saratoga City Manager James Lindsay said. But the state does have a five-day reporting requirement for lost or stolen weapons. So, several people wanted to know why Saratoga is proposing a two-day reporting period.
“To have a firearm on the street that no one is searching for — a lot can happen in that five days,” Lindsay said. “Two days seems like a more reasonable period.”
Sunnyvale has a two-day reporting period and San Jose gives residents just 24 hours to report lost or stolen firearms.
“It seems like a no-brainer,” resident Susan Levin said. “If it's missing you report it.”
Enforcement was also discussed, with Lindsay saying, “The sheriff isn't going to knock on your door to enforce this ordinance. It's not meant to be a punitive ordinance, it's an infraction.”
Infractions carry a maximum $100 fine and the city council will decide later if any penalties are attached to the proposed ordinance, if it's approved.
The Santa Clara County Public Health Department reports that an average of 81 county residents were killed annually by gun violence between 2012 and 2016.
Health officials said that suicide and self-inflicted injuries also account for most of the county's firearm-related deaths — it was a painful topic that residents disscused Tuesday..
“When I was in the fifth grade I had a friend who killed himself with his dad's gun,” Aidan Rodriguez-Swanson said. “Had that gun been locked up he might still be with us now. To think kids that age have access to firearms and pull the trigger is incomprehensible.”
The residents' comments and answers to their questions will be included in a staff report and online materials that are being prepared in advance of the June 20 Saratoga City Council meeting. That's when the council is scheduled to hold a public hearing on the proposed ordinance and decide if it becomes city law.
The Big Show and Braun Strowman put on another outstanding match Monday on RAW with moves that would have been impressive for much smaller men.
Show is 7-foot and 385. Strowman is 6-8 and 389. Both men have recently lost significant amounts of weight.
But not even the ring survived the match.
Strowman delivered a superplex from the top rope and the impact of both men crashing to the mat led to the ring's collapse. Take note of the referee, who is flung from the ring to the floor.
The impact of two colossal Superstars leads to one INSANE ring collapse in our main event! @BraunStrowman @WWETheBigShow #RAW pic.twitter.com/bb1WvDRXGZ — WWE (@WWE) April 18, 2017
This is not the first time the ring has collapsed, and not the first time The Big Show has been involved in the damage.
Big Show and Brock Lesnar broke the ring on an episode of Smackdown in 2003.
The Big Show and Mark Henry also broke the ring in 2011 at the Vengeance pay-per-view.
In interviews for years after he and Lesnar broke the ring, The Big Show insisted that the result was real and the ring was not gimmicked to break.
He finally came clean during Chris Jericho's podcast in 2013 after what he described as “years of lying through my teeth.”
“We did a spot right before we broke the ring where we're both down and they shoot a real close-up of both of us selling,” he said. “Well, in that time, (WWE Stunt Coordinator) Ellis (Edwards) had airbags under the ring. So they had lifted the ring a couple inches. So now, when I'm standing on that top corner, that ring is like standing on marbles. Because it's moving. Of course now I've got my fat (expletive) up in the air, 500 pounds on a not very stable surface …
“So then the ring broke. I just remember when it happened because … you don't know how the stunt is going to look. But man, it was so perfectly timed the way we did it and Ellis did a great job of setting up. That thing collapsed and everybody they bought it for so long.”
RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) — In the last three years, one North Carolina man has won the lottery 144 times, netting nearly $300,000.
Is he the luckiest man in North Carolina? Not by a long shot. In the last three years, dozens of people have won 40 times or more.
Playing the lottery is essentially a voluntary tax — players play to win, but the odds favor the state. In all, $5 billion lost by players has gone to fund the state's education system.
Haley Anderson's case is less extreme, but it still defies the odds. Anderson, a self-described struggling college student, occasionally buys scratch off lottery tickets from her neighborhood gas station.
She “never won anything,” she said. Then, in the span of a week, she won $1,000 not once, but twice.
What the numbers say
WISH-TV's sister station WNCN asked statistician Eric Laber to take a closer look at the numbers. Laber, an associate professor at North Carolina State University, reviewed three years of lottery data with the help of several graduate students.
Just like WNCN, he spotted the man who won 144 times in just under three years and a gas station in Gaston County reported another man with 68 winning tickets in the same span for $201,000.
An employee of a Franklinton gas station won $98,700 dollars with 51 tickets.
The odds of a person who bought 10,000 tickets winning 20 or more times are about one in 520 million, Laber said. Winning 25 times or more with 10,000 tickets is a one-in-4 trillion shot, he said.
The odds of winning more than that with 10,000 tickets get even longer.
“The number would be so large the computer was not able to compute it,” Laber said.
Anomalies
Laber says, statistically speaking, the number of winners should follow population — the more people live in a place, the more winners there should be.
And, in North Carolina, an analysis of the breakdown of winners by county generally follows that pattern. But there are some interesting anomalies.
Halifax and Nash counties stand out as areas with lots of winners but not particularly many people.
Are these areas lottery hot spots, or is something else skewing the numbers?
“So that is very unlikely, if people are all playing uniformly,” Laber said. “So somebody up there is buying a lot of tickets, or they are extremely lucky or there is something else happening.”
Dodging debt
WNCN's investigative team found the person believed to have won seventy times in three years. He would not talk on camera, but threatened to call the police.
But, in North Carolina, a person doesn't have to play the lottery themselves to reap winnings. State law allows lottery winners to sell their ticket.
A recent search of Craigslist turned up a $1,000 dollar winning scratch off ticket for sale. The owner of the ticket, according to the ad, was willing to take $750. Why? The seller had student loan debt.
People with tickets that hit big have to produce their social security numbers to claim their prizes. The numbers are then run against a database of debtors, officials said. When an identity matches, the winnings go toward the debts. Anything left over goes to the winner.
All winners of $600 or more must fill out the forms, said Kathleen Jacob of The North Carolina Education Lottery.
Three options
Selling tickets — and thereby avoiding the debt check — is legal. But are enough winning tickets being sold on the open market to skew the odds in certain areas?
Mathematically, Laber said, the weird numbers have to come from one of three things.
“You can get really, really lucky. … The odds of getting really lucky … while buying a small number of tickets … is vanishingly small,” he said. “You could buy a lot of tickets. You could buy millions of tickets and your chances of winning a hundred times are pretty good. Or, you could find a way to acquire the tickets some other way.”
Another possibility
A person could acquire winners by purchasing them from players who don't want to come forward themselves. But there's also the possibility of some sort of underhanded trick.
The lottery recommends stores put policies in place barring store employees and owners from playing the lottery on the clock, to avoid the chance of anyone self-dealing.
And most retailers do forbid store employees from playing the lottery on the clock. Some even require employees go elsewhere to buy tickets, said Jacob.
That recommendation isn't law, but the North Carolina Education Lottery Commission discussed proposed legislation in March 2017 that would have put limits on buying and cashing in lottery tickets at work.
Enforcement
WNCN also asked the North Carolina Lottery to supply a list of retailers that have been investigated or lost their licenses for lottery-related problems. So far they have not provided the list.
Minutes from the same March 2017 Lottery Commission meeting shows that officials denied a request to reinstate a food mart's lottery retailer license and contract. No other details of the case have been published.
The Bottom Line
“If (winners) have a connection to a retailer, that is one of the first things that will trigger and investigation,” Jacob said. “We look specifically if you own a store, if you work at a store that sells lottery tickets of if you are related to an owner.”
If you're playing to win, good luck; the odds are not in your favor.
If you do win, Laber said, that's the time to stop.
“In fact, the more you play, the more the law of averages is going to work against you as a player,” he said. “So, if you buy one ticket and win, you are ahead. You have a big return on your one dollar investment. But the more you play, the more those odds work against you, in a sense. In the long run, it is going to settle down, and the real odds are you can't win in the long run.”
Essequibo businessman begins bottling coconut water
Guyana is well known as the Land of Many Waters, but it would soon be known as the land of pure and genuine coconut water. Successful entrepreneur of the Essequibo Coast, Roopan Ramotar, has successfully established his new business venture ‘Rooster Pomeroon Fresh Coconut Water' with the vision of manufacturing and bottling pure coconut water.
This newly established business is located at Land of Plenty on the Essequibo Coast, just 11 minutes away from Anna Regina
Mr. Ramotar told Kaieteur News last Thursday that coconut water is the first in the line of Rooster products. He has plans to expand his business and venture into the processing of virgin coconut oil, coconut jelly and other coconut-related products.
Roopan Ramotar, popularly known as ‘Fowl Cock', commenced the operation five years ago. He began processing coconut water last August and has been making great strides ever since.
Ramotar stated, “Many manufacturers go into manufacturing without any reliable source of raw material.” As such he commenced his operation by first planting his own coconut farms which provides him with at least 60 per cent of the coconuts he needs.
His farms are equipped to handle both drought and floods are said to provide him with some 500 acres of coconuts. As a result Roopan Ramotar now reaps 125,000 to 140,000 coconuts per month.
He estimates that by 2020 he should be able to reap about 8 million coconuts per annum.
Mr. Ramotar has a local market here in Guyana, however he said that he also has international markets in Trinidad and Tobago. He's currently seeking markets in Barbados.
He was recently informed that the agriculture department in Barbados is now implementing a barrier between the Guyana Barbados coconut trades. As such he is pleading with Guyana's agriculture ministry to review the trade agreement with Barbados.
Ramotar also believes that the government should provide incentives to the coconut industry since it is a growing and surviving industry.
For all the talk about the trade barrier, the CARICOM Secretariat said that it was not aware of any barrier between Guyana and Barbados, especially since there is the CARICOM Single Market.
Coconut contains potassium which helps to stabilize blood pressure and can even prevent headaches and cramps.
Roopan believes that coconut water is unlike any other beverage since it is very much beneficial for a healthy population, as such he thinks that government should remove the vat off of coconut water and make it more affordable for citizens.
Ramotar also made it clear to this newspaper that he's been around the world and had an opportunity to try various varieties of coconut water, still Rooster Pomeroon Coconut Water is the best he's ever tasted.
“Pomeroon coconut water is the best because we add no chemical or preservatives,” he added, “It's all about freezing and picking the coconuts at the right time.”
Rooster's coconut water is believed to have a shelf life of one year if kept in freezing, when the seal is broken however the water is expected to have a life of two to three weeks if stored below 4 degrees Celsius. (Romario Blair)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BATES CITY, Mo. -- Potholes are a big problem in the little town of Bates City.
This week, the police chief expanded his normal responsibilities as he helped several volunteers fill hundreds of potholes around town. Chief Danny Long said there are nearly 300 potholes that need to be filled.
Neighbors watched as the hard-working volunteers tried to fix the problem themselves.
"They are bad. I am dodging them, and I jokingly say I could lose my car in some of them because they are so bad," neighbor Darlene Reeder said.
This week, the volunteers went around all the roads in town, prepping the potholes and cleaning them out so that they would be ready to fill with hot patch asphalt mix.
"A couple people stopped and rolled down their windows to say thank you. We needed those potholes fixed," Long said.
The police chief said potholes are usually caused by freezing and rethawing over the years. But it can be expensive to fix. This year, a donor helped pay for the labor and the asphalt mix.
This is the first time in nearly five years the roads in Bates City were repaired and potholes filled.
Shonda Rhimes shocked the entertainment world Monday by moving her TV drama hit factory Shondaland from Disney Co.'s DIS, -0.58% ABC Studios to Netflix NFLX, -0.23% News that the streaming giant had signed Rhimes up to a multi-year production deal, first reported in the Wall Street Journal, signals the end of a 15-year era at ABC that saw her generate hits including “Scandal” and “Grey's Anatomy.”
But here are three reasons why we shouldn't be too surprised at today's development.
1. Network TV dissatisfaction
As well as being phenomenally successful, “Scandal”, “How to Get Away With Murder” and “Grey's Anatomy”constantly pushed the boundaries of what could be shown and said on network TV. Yet Rhimes has seemingly been growing dissatisfied with ABC. Take what she told Ad Age in May 2016: “Network television has obviously been very good to me and I love it, but there are a million other ways to tell stories now that are out there that are fascinating and I think monetizable and audiences can get really excited about.”
Writer Jeanine Poggi noted in the same piece: “Smaller screens, the ability to release 15 episodes at once and the flexibility to create episodes outside of the 30-minute or one-hour window all appeal to Ms. Rhimes. She may even try her hand at virtual reality. But she declined to elaborate further on any of that.” Today she did.
2. Not as easy as ABC
Rhimes hadn't created a new ABC show for more than five years. She produced “How to Get Away With Murder” and “The Catch” but the last show Rhimes herself created was “Scandal” in 2012. Two shows Rhimes did produce, “Still Star-Crossed” and“The Catch”, were both cancelled by ABC after one season and two seasons, respectively. It remains to be seen whether Rhimes will listen to the social media clamor for those shows to be resurrected when she goes to Netflix. “Toast,” her first excursion into all-out comedy starring “Grey's Anatomy's” Jerrika Hinton, wasn't picked up by ABC. But Rhimes's projects still in development at ABC include an untitled “Grey's Anatomy” spin-off and two TV movies, “Lawless” and “Show and Tell.”
3. Work-life balance
Rhimes has been candid about her struggle to find a work-life balance. In her 2016 book “Year of Yes” she wrote: “I got into the habit of working as hard as I could all the time. My life revolved around work….the more I worked, the more stressed I was. The more stressed I was, the more I ate. I knew things were getting out of hand.” Later on in the book, she pointedly noted: “I realized a very simple truth: that success, fame, having all my dreams come true would not fix or improve me, it wasn't an instant potion for personal growth.”
Netflix has laid great claim on prioritizing a holistic work culture while Netflix CEO Reed Hastings likes to extol the virtue of taking a 6-week vacation. Will Shonda Rhimes now wind up less stressed at Netflix?
Dear John: I am the victim of grand larceny. I was threatened with jail time and the loss of my home and employment due to overdue taxes.
Having never heard of this type of fraud and having never been in trouble with the law, I was very scared and, unfortunately, paid my debt with thousands of dollars in Apple gift cards. I keep getting told there is nothing I can do.
As a new reader of your column, I am hoping you can use your power to, not get my thousands back, but maybe get Apple to compensate me. Maybe they can compensate me with a laptop computer, which I can certainly use.
Thank you for your consideration. D.D.
Dear D.D.: It's too bad you haven't been reading me for a longer period of time. I addressed this exact scam in an August 2016 column.
Let me make this suggestion to everyone. If someone calls your house and aggressively demands money, especially to be paid in an unusual way like with Apple gift cards, tell them to kiss your behind and hang up.
And if the original caller puts someone on the line who they say is in charge, tell that person to kiss your behind as well. Government agencies don't behave like this.
You should then look up the phone number of the agency that the person said he was from and call it. That's how journalists make sure they aren't getting scammed on stories — we call back a number we know belongs to the agency.
Don't call the number they give you — it'll be phony in all likelihood.
Apple really has no responsibility in this, except that it has created a currency in its gift cards that has made it easy for crooks to steal money without a trace.
I've contacted Apple on your behalf, but don't hold out much hope. The company does say you should call its hotline at (800) 275-2273 if you are a victim of this scam.
A spokesman said that back in September the company started including a warning that gift cards should only be used to purchase songs.
Good luck. And start fighting back against these predators.
A major highway in New Jersey was shut down for nearly five hours Tuesday after a pedestrian was struck and killed by two tractor-trailer, authorities say.
Cops got a call about the person hit on Route 1 northbound, just past Henderson Road, shortly before 5 a.m. The person was pronounced dead at the scene within minutes. Authorities say the pedestrian was in the lane of travel when he was hit.
The accident led to major gridlock during the morning rush, with cops reporting up to a three-mile backup on Route 1.
The highway reopened around 10 a.m. The crash remains under investigation, and the pedestrian has not yet been identified.
Monday night into Tuesday morning could bring some patchy drizzle, fog and light showers in parts of the tri-state, Storm Team 4 says.
Although it won't be damp the entire night, it certainly will be humid as temperatures only fall to the low 70s, according to Storm Team 4.
That humidity will stick around Tuesday, along with a round of early showers and followed by a second round of rain and isolated thunderstorms during the late afternoon and evening. Highs on Tuesday will reach near 80, forecasters say.
The soggy weather will be short lived, however. The best days of the work week are expected to follow up on Wednesday and Thursday with abundant sunshine, low humidity and warm temperatures.
Clouds, humidity and potential showers and storms return to the area Friday night into Saturday morning. Sunday, once again, looks like the pick of the weekend, which has been the trend recently, meteorologists say.
An early look at next week shows good weather for the solar eclipse on Monday. Skies should remain mostly sunny, which would give for good viewing conditions from around 1 to 4 p.m.
Ted Cruz's micro-level attention to delegate math in 2016 kept him alive longer in the race for the Republican presidential nomination and prompted eventual winner Donald Trump to stew over what he called a “crooked deal” and “rigged system.”
The kind of insider politicking that Cruz mastered at state caucuses and conventions now appears to be the target of a rule change the Republican National Committee is exploring.
Under a proposal discussed this week during the party's winter meetings, states that hold primaries for rank-and-file voters — rather than those less accessible contests — could receive extra delegates to the national convention.
It's not certain that the incentive will be placed before the full RNC later this year. RNC officials downplayed the idea as one of many tossed around Thursday during the Presidential Nominating Process Committee's closed-door session.
The panel is consulting with the Trump White House on rule changes for 2020 and will issue recommendations in the coming months. Addressing members Friday, RNC Co-Chair Bob Paduchik, who is leading the panel, described the gathering as “very productive.”
Members who spoke to BuzzFeed News said the extra delegate proposal was pitched as a way to encourage primaries, which are far more inclusive, and not as a way to block a Cruz-like strategy from a Trump challenger in two years. The Iowa caucuses, which traditionally kick off presidential nominating season, are known for low turnout among registered voters.
Participating in a caucus can involve spending hours at a caucus site rather than minutes in a voting booth. Candidates who invest heavily in organizing and mobilizing caucus voters often reap the benefits: Cruz won Iowa in 2016, as well as caucuses in Kansas, Maine, and Utah.
State conventions are even more exclusive, reserved for hardcore party insiders. Cruz's aggressive approach to this format two years ago prolonged a nomination fight with the frontrunning Trump and raised the prospects of a contested convention that never materialized. In Wyoming, for example, won all 14 of the state's delegates up for grabs at a state convention. The Texas senator swept similar contests in Colorado.
Voters are "going absolutely crazy because they weren't given a vote,” Trump said on Fox & Friends after Cruz's Colorado triumph. “It's a crooked deal. ... It's a rigged system.”
A few days later, Trump tweeted: “Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!”
Nevada — which along with Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina, has been one of the first four “carve-out” states on the primary calendar — held caucuses (won by Trump) in 2016. There has been speculation among RNC members at recent meetings that Nevada could lose its status. But Michael McDonald, the state's GOP chairman and a member of the nominating process committee, told BuzzFeed News that no such change is on the table.
“I don't ever take anything for granted,” McDonald said. “I feel good about it. But, respectfully, I want to remain there. I'm fighting for everything we can, along with the other carve-out states.”
McDonald, like his counterparts in those early states, said he hasn't heard from any Republicans interested in challenging Trump. He also doesn't believe incentivizing primaries over caucuses and state conventions would change the playing field in 2020.
“Either way it goes,” McDonald said, “caucus or primary, what this president is doing — it's not going to matter.”
Entertainment of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: hypegh.com
2017-10-06
Stonebwoy
Dancehall artiste, Stonebwoy has taken a swipe at Ghana's media for thinking the alleged attack on wife was fake and a move to divert attention from Shatta Wale's performance at the “Ashaiman to the world” concert.
Stonebwoy after his show in Ashaiman took to Facebook to express his disappointment at the fact that his tent was cut by an assailant who cut the back of his wife, Louisa.
But some section of the media has expressed doubts about the incident and has challenged the Dancehall artiste to provide evidence to prove that his wife was attacked by an unknown assailant.
In a Facebook post addressing the issue, Stonebwoy said “HERO! HERO!! HERO!!!
Different media houses will write what they wish to suit them, so to get the most catchy headline.. “like The knife incident was Made Up For Hype etc..”
What A shame! Who does that after breaking yet another record of the biggest single outdoor event on the continent? Four years in a row amidst the rains of blessings. With every artiste/movement/nation that matters in the country showing great love And support.
Mind You, medical And police reports which we have still remains protocol.
God forbid, but if a life was lost none of these procedures nor talks will bring it back.
Thank God it didn't get worse. We are fine”.
The 12 young Thai soccer players stranded inside a partly flooded cave appeared in a new video Wednesday, saying they were healthy and in good spirits – as they were getting a crash course in swimming and diving.
The youngsters and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy SEALs, wraped in foil warming blankets while illuminated by a flashlight in their darkened trap during their harrowing 11-day ordeal.
In the roughly minute-long video, the boys take turn introducing themselves, folding their hands together in a traditional greeting, giving their names and saying they are healthy.
A young player wears what appears to be the red jersey of the England soccer team in Tuesday's World Cup second-round victory over Colombia. Another wears the blue shirt of English team Chelsea.
Medical personnel were providing medicines and food while experts assessed conditions for getting them out safely, a task the government said would not be easy.
“The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people,” Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters, according to Reuters.
“Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive,” he said, adding that if water levels fell and the flow weakened, they would be taken out quickly.
The Thai official overseeing the rescue operation said the boys and their coach may not all be extracted at the same time, depending on their physical conditions.
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that “all 13 may not come out at the same time. If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100 percent, he can come out.”
Meanwhile, authorities are working to with SEALs to run a fiber-optic Internet cable. Communication technician Phoowanart Keawdum said that once the line is installed, phone calls to the cave will be possible.
Authorities tried to do the same Tuesday, but the equipment was damaged by the water.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23.
The teammates, who became trapped inside heavy rains flooded the cave, were found by rescue divers Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the world.
Authorities said the boys, who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them, were being looked after by seven members of the SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave.
They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
In the most recent videos, a SEAL member is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic cream. Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the SEAL as he cracks jokes.
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave, since they're safe where they are.
The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive, which rescue experts have said could be very dangerous.
By late Tuesday, about 120 million liters of water had been pumped out, or about 1.6 million every hour.
But officials said that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same narrow passageways through which their rescuers entered.
Osatanakorn said Wednesday that the boys have been practicing wearing diving masks and breathing, but he doesn't believe they have tried any practice dives.
Seeing the boys has buoyed the spritis of relatives.
Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is among the trapped, said she had thought it was a 50 percent chance that her son would be found.
“It's like he has been given a new life,” she said, adding that she'll never let her son venture into a cave or near water again.
Somboon Sompiangjai, 38, said his son Peerapat, 16, was able to swim, adding that he was confident the SEALs' experience and professionalism would let them get the boys home safely.
“I am not worried if the kids have to swim and dive,” he told Reuters. “I felt much better after seeing the clips with the children in good spirits, even though they were in there for 10 days.”
Officials have dismissed as speculation reports that the boys could be trapped for up to four months, although supplies have been prepared for that period of time.
With Post wires
Maurice “Hank” Greenberg on Monday demanded an apology from New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman — but he shouldn't hold his breath.
Greenberg, the insurance industry legend who led AIG for 40 years, settled a nearly 12-year court case brought by the state on Friday and is more than a little miffed that the AG issued a statement that made it seem as if he copped to a fraud charge.
Greenberg and his legal eagles made it clear that he didn't. The group is also angry that news of the surprise settlement was released without their knowledge.
They want Schneiderman to apologize for his actions. But the state's top law man wasn't on the same page.
When asked if Schneiderman would apologize to Greenberg, Eric Soufer, a spokesman, said: “No.”
Greenberg and his team claim they and Schneiderman agreed to specific settlement language but that a press release on Friday evening was issued with “somewhat different language.”
“We had agreed on the language of the discontinuation of the litigation, which he signed,” Greenberg said. “And the next day, he came out with a statement that repudiated that.”
The 91-year-old executive said he would like to sue the AG, but can't.
“The problem is that the [AG] has immunity,” he said.
On Friday, Schneiderman announced a $9.9 million settlement with Greenberg and former AIG Chief Financial Officer Henry Smith, ending 12 years of litigation over two sham transactions.
Greenberg admitted he had “initiated, participated in and approved these two transactions.” His lawyer, David Boies, said he did not admit to any fraud.
A legal dispute between Zhao Changpeng, founder of the world's largest cryptocurrency exchange, and a unit of Sequoia Capital is offering a rare glimpse into one of the digital-asset industry's fastest-growing startups.
Sequoia sued Zhao over a funding deal gone awry, according to Hong Kong court filings on March 26 and April 24. The filings shed light on Zhao's interactions with big-name venture capital firms and reveal details about how they've valued Binance, the trading platform that Zhao started just nine months ago.
The exchange's meteoric rise has been one of the virtual currency industry's most remarkable growth stories, landing Zhao on the cover of Forbes magazine and helping him amass a personal fortune that he claims is worth as much as $2 billion. Binance has also attracted scrutiny from regulators, who've been clamping down on digital-asset exchanges around the world amid concern that the venues may be flouting securities laws.
Read more: Crypto's Billionaire Trading King Has Suddenly Run Into Problems
According to the Hong Kong court filings, Zhao and Sequoia began negotiating terms of an investment in Binance in August. The deal would have given Sequoia a nearly 11 percent stake and valued the exchange at about $80 million.
Talks continued over the next few months, the court documents show, a period in which cryptocurrency prices and transaction values soared to all-time highs. But in mid-December, as Bitcoin traded at a record near $20,000, the negotiations broke down.
Troubled Talks Sequoia sues Binance founder Zhao Changpeng after deal taks go awry Source: Bloomberg
On Dec. 14, Zhao's team told Sequoia that Binance's existing shareholders thought their proposed deal undervalued the exchange. Around the same time, Zhao was approached by another VC firm, IDG Capital, with an offer that would have injected two rounds of funding into Binance at vastly higher valuations: $400 million and $1 billion, respectively.
At issue is whether Zhao's talks with IDG Capital violated his exclusivity agreements with Sequoia. While Sequoia and Zhao are planning to settle the dispute in arbitration, the disagreement became public after Sequoia turned to Hong Kong's High Court to successfully secure an injunction barring Zhao from negotiating with other investors. Further hearings will be necessary to establish whether Zhao was at fault, the court said on April 24.
Zhao and a spokeswoman for Binance didn't immediately respond to requests for comment. Menlo Park, California-based Sequoia, which has backed companies including Google, Airbnb Inc. and Dropbox Inc., declined to comment. IDG said in response to questions from Bloomberg News that it hasn't invested in Binance and has no relationship with the firm.
Zhao has previously told Bloomberg News that Binance doesn't need outside money and that he's only interested in partnering with VC firms if they can help the exchange work with regulators to secure operating licenses.
He has said Binance is conservatively valued at about $3 billion and that the company earned $200 million in its second quarter of existence, while declining to share the exchange's financial statements or provide proof of his personal wealth. Zhao keeps the locations of Binance's offices and servers secret, though he has previously said that the exchange is based in Hong Kong. Last month, Zhao announced that Binance was setting up operations on the European island nation of Malta.
Read more: How Malta Became a Hub of the Cryptocurrency World
Binance hosted about $3.4 billion of cryptocurrency trades over the past 24 hours, according to Coinmarketcap.com. While that's the most among fee-charging exchanges tracked by the data aggregation site, turnover on Binance has slumped about 70 percent from its peak amid a broad selloff in digital assets. Bitcoin, the world's most popular cryptocurrency, has lost about half its value since hitting an all-time high in mid-December.
— With assistance by Yuji Nakamura, Lulu Yilun Chen, and Justina Lee
Your browser does not support iframes.
Patti Labelle was on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen, and she shed some light on her friendship with the late, great Luther Vandross. She spoke about his sexuality, which Luther never directly spoke on while he was alive.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
Though he was long rumored to be gay, Patti's statements are a reliable confirmation about that matter that the public has never heard before. Click on the audio player to hear more in this exclusive clip from Gary's Tea on “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show.”
Listen to “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show” LIVE every weekday from 6/5am C.
RELATED: Will There Be Backlash Towards The Queen Who Tried To Strip For Patti LaBelle? [EXCLUSIVE AUDIO]
RELATED: Pattie LaBelle Reveals Why Luther Vandross Didn't Come Out [VIDEO]
RELATED: 5 Other Things The Patti's Pie Guy Might Sing About [EXCLUSIVE AUDIO]
The Latest:
News courtesy Andaman Sheekha ::
Sarthak Kanjilal
Rangat, Feb 14: A massive protest was organised by the Bharthiya Janta Party at Rangat against the administration for removing the old encroachments from various parts of Rangat region. More than 300 people took part in the protest.
The State President, BJP, Mr Vishal Jolly, Zilla Parishad Adyaksh of North and Middle Andaman Mr. Saw Tattu and Zilla Parishad Adyaksh of South Andaman Mr. Jaydeep Kumar Dey, Samity Members and other Party Workers took part in the protest. The party also protested against the ban imposed on Tobacco Products.
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
By STEVE PEOPLES and EMILY SWANSON
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Don't tell 20-year-old Nestor Aguilera he can't effect change in politics.
The Indiana University business major protested outside President Donald Trump's recent appearance in Aguilera's home of Elkhart, Indiana. And while he says he didn't vote in 2016, he's promising to show up for this fall's midterm elections.
"If young people decide to go out there and vote, we have the power to affect what the government does," Aguilera said. "We could have a big impact."
Aguilera is among a small - but significant - surge of young people who say they feel politically empowered in the latest Youth Political Pulse survey from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV. It's a change from a past survey that comes after a school shooting in Florida that elevated the voices of high school students in American politics, and five months before Americans will decide whether Trump's Republican Party will maintain control of Congress for another two years.
A slim majority, 54 percent, of people ages 15 to 34 - a group that is typically the least likely to vote - continue to believe they have little or no effect on government. But 46 percent of young people now believe they can have at least a moderate effect, a significant increase from two months earlier, when 37 percent said the same.
In that time, a group of students from Florida's Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where a February shooting killed 17, has succeeded in keeping the debate about gun safety in the news. They joined Tuesday with the New York-based organization HeadCount in an effort to hold voter registration drives at 90 percent of the nation's high schools before this year's senior class graduates. It's one of the many efforts by organizations aligned with Democrats on gun control that seeks to capitalize on the increase in interest among young people in politics.
The recent rise in political engagement is particularly apparent among Americans ages 15 to 22, a group that includes teenagers who will be eligible to vote in a presidential election for the first time in 2020. The poll found that 48 percent now think they can have at least some effect on the government, after just 33 percent felt that way in March.
There's also an uptick in the number of young people who say politicians care what they think: 34 percent of 15-to-34-year-olds report that elected officials care at least a moderate amount about what they think, while just 25 percent said so two months ago.
At the same time, two-thirds say they think the government is not functioning well, and just over half - 52 percent - say they rarely or never read or watch news about the midterm elections.
While many young people continue to feel powerless in the current political environment, the modest increases revealed in the poll could be further evidence of a Democratic wave building against the GOP this fall. Young people are far more likely to side with Democrats than Republicans. The new poll finds that they are also especially likely to have concerns about the Republican president.
Just 30 percent of people ages 15 to 34 approve of Trump's job performance, the poll found. In April's AP-NORC survey of all American adults, 40 percent said they approved of the president's work at the White House.
On gun control, 4 in 10 teens and young adults give the government an F grade on addressing the issue. Still, gun-related issues have fallen on the list of concerns for young adults since the first Youth Political Pulse survey, which was conducted just after February's school shooting in Parkland, Florida.
Just 6 percent now list gun laws as their single top concern facing the country, down from 21 percent in March.
At least 4 in 10 young people in the latest poll also give the government failing grades on handling immigration, environmental issues, racism and higher education costs.
One poll respondent, 21-year-old Samantha Bitzer, a political science major at Michigan State University, says she's determined to encourage her friends to engage more in politics.
"I don't think that enough young people care at the moment," said Bitzer, who calls herself a moderate Republican and voted for Trump. "People are super mad, but he's actually doing everything he said he would."
Despite the rise in engagement, it's far from certain that young people will reshape the political landscape this fall. Young voters, with few exceptions, have struggled to maintain interest in politics over the last half century. Just 15 percent of eligible voters ages 18 to 20 cast ballots in the last midterm election, for example.
"Do I feel like I could actually make a difference or influence things? Probably not," said 23-year-old Charly Hyden, who works for a nonprofit in Lexington, Kentucky. "I feel exhausted. I go out on protests and try to do things, but I feel like it doesn't matter."
"Maybe I'd feel differently if I were still in high school," she said.
___
The Youth Political Pulse poll of 939 young Americans ages 15 to 34 was conducted April 23 to May 9 by the AP-NORC Center and MTV. The poll was conducted using NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all young people is plus or minus 4.3 percentage points.
___
Online:
AP-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research: http://www.apnorc.org
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ricky Stenhouse Jr. is still in the running for his first NASCAR Cup Series title. But the newly turned 30-year-old is already a champion – The Golf Guys Tour champion.
Stenhouse competes in a super intense 16-man league along with fellow NASCAR drivers Denny Hamlin, Kyle Larson and Michael Waltrip. The Golf Guys Tour opened its second season in April, and it includes coveted trophies, tour apparel and even sponsors – like Prevost, the company behind Stenhouse's motor home.
Closing out the season with a two-day tournament Tuesday and Wednesday, Stenhouse shot 74 in the final round with four birdies on his way to the championship. He said his all-time best score is 72, but he's never had so many birdies.
“I probably shot the best round of my life (Wednesday),” Stenhouse, the No. 17 Sunny D Ford driver, told For The Win ahead of the Bank of America 500 at Charlotte Motor Speedway.
“I hit some bad shots, but I recovered to make par on a lot of holes. (It) just felt like the best round I've played altogether. I'll generally shoot an 80, dip into the 70s five or six times throughout the year. It as just one of those days where everything clicked, and I felt like I could make any putt I was trying.”
Described as the “most frustrated amateurs on tour,” a lot of the players already regularly played golf together. But as professional athletes, Stenhouse said he and Hamlin couldn't resist making it more competitive, so the Golf Guys Tour was born. He edged out second-place finisher Hamlin – the 2016 tour champion – to win this year and said he considers the No. 11 Toyota driver his biggest competition.
They play at different courses around North Carolina, and ended the season at The Peninsula Club outside of Charlotte. There also was a banquet dinner at Hamlin's house.
Yung money @KyleLarsonRacin is going to ride the high line into 2018 pic.twitter.com/YFEOSpdBnU — THE GOLF GUYS TOUR (@TheGolfGuysTour) October 4, 2017
Outside of the tour, some of these guys still regularly play together. Stenhouse explained that while their weekdays are usually fully booked – especially his this year because his No. 17 team won two regular season races – their schedules during race weekends often allow for 18 holes after Saturday practices.
They even hit the course that's partially inside Indianapolis Motor Speedway during the weekend of the Brickyard 400 this summer.
With 36 NASCAR races between February and November, Stenhouse said golf gives the drivers – along with NBC broadcasters Rick Allen and Steve Letarte, formerly Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s crew chief, and Waltrip, who's retired and now with FOX Sports – a refreshing break from constantly focusing on racing.
“For me, it's a sport I've played since I was younger, and I like it,” Stenhouse said.
“It's hard, and you never really master it. There are things you do well, but there are things that you've gotta keep practicing at. So I enjoy that aspect of it being hard and trying to challenge myself to get better at it.”
With one amateur championship out of the way, Stenhouse is back to focusing on the track with his goals still in front of him. Sunday's race is the first of three in the Round of 12 of the Cup Series playoffs.
With two regular season wins at Talladega Superspeedway and Daytona International Speedway, the No. 17 team qualified for the playoffs. After that, Stenhouse said their next goal was to advance out of the first round. Done.
“Obviously, we want to transfer out of the second round as well, but we feel like we've done at least the job we felt like we should be capable of doing,” said the Roush Fenway Racing driver, who finished 25th, 15th and 19th in the Round of 16's three races.
“It really just keeps the morale going at the shop, being able to have a shot at advancing to the third round, and we've got to make sure we do a lot better.”
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Cash is no longer king.
A growing number of restaurants across the country — like test locations for Starbucks and Shake Shack and the entire Dos Toros and Tender Greens chains — are no longer accepting cash.
It's all plastic all the time.
The stores believe not dealing with cash helps move the line of customers faster.
Most people pay for their meals with a credit card anyway, the chains argue. Plus, counting the cash at the end of the day is a waste of time.
But the war on cash has sparked a backlash.
State lawmakers, a civil rights group, the National Retail Federation and a company servicing ATMs are all pushing back against the trend, claiming that refusing the greenback — on which the US Treasury writes “This note is legal tender for all debts, public and private” — is simply un-American.
“I think Americans ought to have a right to pay with cash,” New York state Assemblyman Richard Gottfried told The Post. The Manhattan lawmaker circulated a memo on Tuesday to his colleagues proposing legislation requiring New York businesses to accept cash.
“It makes sense to put a halt to this before it becomes too common and too hard to stop,” he said.
There is no federal law addressing the issue.
In Chicago last year, two city aldermen introduced a bill similar to Gottfried's. “A ‘no cash' sign is a ‘not welcome' sign for many without ready access to credit,” the proposed Chicago ordinance reads. The bill is still pending before the City Council there.
In Massachusetts, a similar bill was enacted into law years ago. The Bay State is the first — and only — state to bar cashless businesses.
see also What living in a cashless society will look like Cash could become a relic of the past if credit-card...
Naturally, credit card companies, including Visa and Mastercard, are the biggest cheerleaders of the cashless movement. Last month, Visa paid 50 small businesses $10,000 each for creating a video about what being cash-free would mean for their businesses.
One of the recipients, upscale pizzeria owner Simone Falco of Rossopomodoro in Greenwich Village, is opening a nearby quick-service pizzeria this month that will not accept cash.
“The idea to start cashless in a new restaurant felt safer than doing it in an existing restaurant,” Falco said. If the cashless system works at his new place, Simò Pizza, cash will go bye-bye at Rossopomodoro as well, he said.
The NRF believes that credit card issuers, in an attempt to collect more fee income, are fueling the cashless trend. Plastic transactions cost merchants 2 percent to 3 percent of a purchase.
Social justice groups are concerned that people of color and low-income consumers will be the collateral damage in a cashless society.
“Moving quickly away from cash and toward plastic transactions, you leave communities behind — you leave people behind,” said Cy Richardson, senior vice president for economics and housing programs for the National Urban League.
Not all restaurateurs are even sold on the idea.
“Turning someone away because they wanted to pay in cash is disappointing someone who wanted to eat in our place, and it feels a little elitist to not accept cash,” hamburger joint owner Andrew Schnipper told The Post.
What's more, adds Zane Tankel, chief executive of Apple-Metro, which owns more than 30 Applebees Grill & Bars in the New York metro area, “We are a service establishment, and that's not giving service if someone wants to pay with cash and I say ‘no.' ”
Video
British volunteer, Anna Campbell, 26, has died fighting with the all-female Kurdish armed unit, the YPJ in Syria, her father has told the BBC.
Dirk Campbell said he was "in pieces" over her death. He said he had known she might be killed when she went to help the Kurdish fighters battle the Islamic State group, but was still "very proud" of her.
British police have repeatedly warned against travelling to Syria, and have advised that becoming involved with any armed group could lead to arrest and prosecution.
Reuters Fed Chairman Jerome Powell is monitored from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange earlier this year.
Fed Chairman Jerome Powell may use his first press conference to counterbalance an obvious hawkish tilt among this year's voting members of the central bank's policy panel.
The Fed's interest-rate committee is “a hell of a lot more hawkish” this year, said Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust.
So it's easy to expect a hawkish tilt to the Fed's policy statement and its dot-plot, which projects the course of interest rates and economic forecasts, when the central bank wraps up its latest two-day meeting on Wednesday.
Read: 5 things to watch from the Fed decision
Powell, therefore, will use his 60 minutes with reporters post-meeting to turn down the temperature and stress that rate hikes will be remained gradual.
“At the end of the day, the Fed will be more hawkish and he'll temper that,” said Kevin Cummings, senior U.S. economist at NatWest Markets.
In essence, economists expect Powell will replay his two-day testimony to Congress from last month. On the first day, Powell sounded hawkish, pointing to the risks of the economy overheating, but on the second day he stressed any overheating was nowhere in sight.
See: Even as Powell softens tone, 4 rate hikes still on the table for 2018
Cummings said Powell has no reason to upset the apple cart now that the market DJIA, -1.58% has priced in the Fed's forecast of three hikes.
For years, the market doubted Fed forecasts, but now they are on roughly the same page.
“Why would [Powell] feel compelled to change perceptions now,” Cummings said.
Economists expect Powell to be extremely cautious when he talks about Republican economic and trade policy.
“Powell is a savvy guy. He's going to really be apolitical as possible,” said Diane Swonk, chief economist at Grant Thornton.
The Fed could become the target of the President Trump's ire if the rate hikes TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.26% start to take a bite out of the economic expansion.
Swonk said that former Trump economic adviser Gary Cohn “ran a lot of interference for the Fed” and stressed the need of an independent central bank.
With Cohn's departure, there is now the risk “of a much more combative” White House, she said.
Ikara spill: Reps order NPDC to pay community N100m
By Emman Ovuakporie
ABUJA—MEMBERS of the House of Representatives Committee on Public Petitions have ordered the Nigeria Petroleum Development Company, NPDC, to pay Ikara community in Edo State about N100 million as compensation for perennial oil spill in the communituy, since 2014.
It will be recalled that following petitions before the House of Representatives and the need to avoid violent response from Ikara indigenes, the National Oil Spill Detection and Response Agency, NOSDRA, issued a 14-day ultimatum to NPDC to commence the clean-up of the community or face sanctions.
The non-compliance by NPDC further angered the committee members and the fact that the NPDC had been accused of deliberately refusing to address cases arising from series of oil spillage that occurred since 2014.
Giving his ruling, late Tuesday evening, Chairman of the committee, Mr. Uzoma Nkem-Abonta (PDP, Ukwa East/West Federal Constituency), said: “Ikara community should be compensated with nothing less than N100 million and a proper clean up of the community should be carried out immediately.”
Earlier, during the investigative hearing, representatives of Impact Assessment Department of NOSDRA, Mr Oluwole Adeleke and that of NPDC, Mr Godabe Godabe, could not state concretely as to how the compensation should be structured.
The chairman had simply asked both men that, based on their experience in impact assessment of oil spills, what would they suggest as compensation for over 1450 indigenes as this involves spills of over 100 barrels of crude oil.
Responding, Adeleke said: “We need to carry out an impact damage assessment first to know how to quantify and determine what to pay.”
Reminded that he said that the spill was due to equipment failure, he said “I'm a director and we've done several assessments in the past and I can't just come out with an estimate to justify what is on ground.”
At that point, he allowed the leader of Ikara community, Mr Lawrence Wilbert, to give the community's professional assessment of the level of destruction.
Wilbert told the lawmakers that “the professional assessment carried out on the level of damage to the community was N11.736 billion and this can be verified anywhere by professionals.”
The post Ikara spill: Reps order NPDC to pay community N100m appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bay Area athletes and teams joined so many others in celebrating Valentine's Day on Tuesday.
Here are some of their messages about the holiday:
Happy Valentines Day to my Beautiful wife! Thank you for always having a camera in my face even when you got shades on…in the elevator!! 😎 pic.twitter.com/T3fgUJ08kq — Hunter Pence (@hunterpence) February 14, 2017
My two little Valentines. Love these beautiful girls. #HappyValentinesDay pic.twitter.com/A3TxTJEXQq — Jon Condo (@JonCondo) February 14, 2017
Happy Day of Love! Today mend those broken relationships-its not a better time to do it than today! Blessings! — Rod Woodson (@RodWoodson26) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentine!!! 😏 — Michael Crabtree (@KingCrab15) February 14, 2017
Do it—and do your best Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com, Istock More often than not, it's the effort that's put into anything—a project, a presentation, an interview—that goes the extra mile. That's why Niki Cheng, the founder and co-owner of BoConcept, a leader in contemporary furniture, says putting in the time has been what's helped her be so successful. In fact, it was fashion designing powerhouse Max Azria who gave her this advice, saying, "Do it and do your best. You have nothing to lose. Worse comes to worst, you are where you are now, which is not bad. You are a smart woman—you will always have a job. Someone will hire you. The last thing you want is years from now that you regret you didn't do it." This advice turned out to be the kick in the pants Cheng needed. "I was very afraid of failing and very concerned about whether I'm ever going to make it," she explains. "After Max gave me this advice, I realized that he was 100 percent right on point. There were times that the workload was so much and so difficult that I just wanted to quit and walk away from the whole business, but I always remembered that I needed to continue to do my best. Today," she adds, "I am grateful that everyone around me is working hard to build a great team together while we continue to expand. I hope I can also have a great impact on the people who have been with me the entire time." These are the winning attributes of successful people.
Lead with integrity and kindness Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com, Istock Though her grandfather passed away when she was just 5 years old, Amaya Jones, an artist and jewelry designer and the founder of her own line, says the man's subtle but strong demeanor has impacted her life in many ways, including her business sense. "Khalifa Algosaibi, or Baba Khalifa, as I called him, was a man with honesty and benevolent vision," Jones recalls. "He brought refrigeration to the desert, and his divers ventured to the depths of the Arabian Sea in search of pearls. What my grandfather taught me was his guiding principle of serving one's community. He had a heart of gold and took his entire extended family under his wing," she says. "Even though fate didn't allow him to advise me in my career, I follow his example and am reminded of his integrity every day when I look at his pictures in my home. Baba Khalifa was an extremely generous and humble man, and believed in strength of community and philanthropy. His life was blessed due to his extraordinary vision and kindness." These stories about the kindness of strangers will remind you just how powerful kindness can be.
Find people who balance your skill set Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com, Istock A big mistake that many entrepreneurs make is not finding a healthy, successful way to delegate. In the beginning stages of your company, you learn to be a Jane of All Trades, doing everything from accounting and marketing to customer service. But as your business grows, so does your staff, and you need people who are pros at the tasks at which you're not as competent. Marissa Alden, co-founder and CEO of Sawyer, says her friend (and fellow CEO of Amino) David Vivero told her to 'find people who will fill in the gaps in your resume. "He told me to build my startup with people who complement my own skill sets, to build out my teams with those with expertise and background different from mine—get diversity of thought," she says. "That concept has stuck with me as I have started two companies." This advice really helped Alden rethink how she viewed her own strengths, and how she appreciated and valued those of her teammates. "Get the right people together and the whole will be greater than the sum of its parts," she says. Find out what successful people do at work every day.
Content continues below ad
Be stronger than the stigma Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com, Istock Though women receive the same education as men, they don't earn the same money as their male classmates straight out of college. Even with that unfair disadvantage, Orit Hashay, the CEO and founder of Brayola, a bra company, says she's always kept her father's advice close to her heart. "He told me to be stronger than the stigma," she says. "If you're a woman, a minority, or simply a young entrepreneur, someone or something will always be rooting against you. You have to be stronger than your oppressors. Using intelligence and being persistent will go a long way." Hashay's father also instilled in her the need to pay your dues. "You need to kiss a lot of frogs to get your prince,' he said. I applied that same piece of advice to my business practices by using patience and persistence to scour LinkedIn for potential new hires and listening to feedback from various investors," Hashay says. "It can be challenging, but it's always good to maintain a good attitude and an open mind." These small moves will help you make a big splash at work.
Don't let things get to you Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com, Istock Especially if you're a type-A personality who is harder on yourself than anyone else is on you, you may struggle with over-analyzing and ruminating when things start to go haywire. That's when Debbie Soo, the founder of Feastive, a meal kit delivery service, says she hears her older sister's advice reminding her to stay calm. "She once told me that I should never let things get to my head because there will always be somebody around the corner who will have more to offer. It may sound like tough love, but I've found that it's been a great impetus to constantly work hard while continuing to be receptive to and appreciate the talents and ambitions of the people around me," Soo says. "It's taught me to strive to achieve the personal and professional goals that I've deemed a priority, since other people will always have different barometers of success and happiness. Rather than ascribing a dollar value to the trajectory of my career, I am prouder of creating a service that reflects my belief in honesty, hard work, and of course, delicious food." Here's how to develop a positive attitude in six easy steps.
D are to be different Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com, Istock For fashion designer Samantha Pleet, a complete stranger—whose name she still doesn't know!—helped her be bold enough to go big when she started her label. "I had just graduated from college and was assisting at a United Bamboo fashion show. It was so well-organized that the dressers were not even needed during the show, so we got to watch. I remember standing next to a man in a suit before the show started who said, 'You look like you're a fashion designer. I want to give you some advice: When you do your first show, do something that no one is doing yet, like send your models down the runway naked, or all in fur coats,'" Pleet says. "Of course I did not do anything like that, but I took his advice to mean 'go for what really speaks to you and really say it.' I sent my models down a cobblestone runway wearing tricorner hats being led by a cloaked man holding a candelabra back in 2006, when no one else was doing that yet." Here's how to make yourself more interesting.
Content continues below ad
Love what you do Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com, Istock You've heard it before, but there's a reason why those who are the happiest in their careers are the ones who jump out of bed every single day excited to do what fulfills them. Isn't that the whole idea behind being an entrepreneur? For dermatologist Anne Chapas, MD, owner of Union Square Laser Dermatology in New York City, it was her mom who reminded her to follow her most important organ—her heart. "My mother is a retired secretary who became a homemaker when I was born," Dr. Chapas says. "She always lamented that her career choices were limited to teacher, nurse, or secretary, and she knew that my sister and I would have more options. Her advice was to love what you do every day for work because you will spend most of your day doing it." Dr. Chapas is so grateful to have followed her passions and interests. "Because I enjoy the challenges of running a practice, treating patients, and discovering new treatments, my work hours seem to fly by. My kids see that Mommy likes going to work, and I encourage them to find their own passions that they can develop into a career." Dr. Chapas also realizes how true that old Ginger Rodgers saying is, that “she had to do everything Fred Astair did but backwards and in heels." "As women in business we have to do everything our male counterparts do, but we can't look stressed or angry or tired," she says. "It's not fair, but that's the reality. People come into my office, asking for Xeomin to reduce their frown lines because they've been told that their coworkers are scared to come into their office because they look angry or stressed, and after a visit to me they look cool, calm, and collected and ready to face any crisis."
Perfect your poker face Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com, Istock Alyson Hogg, the CEO and owner of Alyson Hogg, the CEO and owner of Vita Liberata , a brand of non-toxic luxury tanning products, says a big part of running a successful company is learning when you should speak, when you should let your ears do the work, and when you should fake it until you make it. "Don't wear your heart on your sleeve but instead listen very carefully and never be afraid to ask a question," Hogg says. "Sometimes the dumbest question is the one they're hoping you won't ask, so that the words are never spoken and everyone can plead ignorance later! I am always asking the 'dumbest' of questions," she says. Say these mantras every day to reach your goals
Focus on who you are Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com, Istock There are a lot of hats to wear as a business owner, and all of them are important, from networking at luncheons to executing quarterly goals. But even though you're often pulled in many directions, it's critical to always stay present, according to Kristi Faulkner, founder of
There are a lot of hats to wear as a business owner, and all of them are important, from networking at luncheons to executing quarterly goals. But even though you're often pulled in many directions, it's critical to always stay present, according to Kristi Faulkner, founder of Womankind , a marketing strategy firm for female clients. Career coach Lolly Daskal's advice gave her this advice. "I wasn't a CEO at the time, but her insight resonated with me so deeply, I'll never forget it. She said, 'When it comes to having a fulfilling career, it's not what you know, or how you do your job, or even why you do it. It's about who you are being while you are succeeding that matters most,'" she says. "I realized that ultimately, success is about the relationship you have with yourself: How you speak to yourself, how you think about yourself, how you feel about yourself. If you are not satisfied with who you are, you can't show up, you can't do your best, and you will never feel successful, no matter how much you seem to achieve."
Content continues below ad
Kildare's Claire Melia and Sorcha Tiernan have cemented their place in Irish basketball history with a European silver medal.
Ireland's unbeaten streak at the FIBA U18 Women's European Championships finally came to an end in the final yesterday evening, as they lost out 67-43 to Germany.
SEE ALSO: Kildare's Claire Melia and Sorcha Tiernan make history as Irish U18 basketballers reach European Championships final
Promotion to Division A is still assured, as is the squad's status as Ireland's most successful ever basketball team, and they were given a standing ovation at the final buzzer by the capacity crowd who have supported them every step of the way through a superb tournament.
“It's incredible," said Head Coach Tommy O'Mahony. "Night after night we rolled from one game to the other, we didn't get a chance to figure out what we'd just done. Tonight wasn't our night, but the girls have to realize what they've done and how big it is in the whole scheme of things. It's hard to believe, we won't comprehend it for a few weeks I'd say, but it's been great.”
It was the Germans' athleticism that caused problems early on, particularly through 6'3 power forward Nyara Sabally, who will join Oregon Ducks in Division I of the NCAA after the tournament.
Louise Scannell helped to lift the siege with a massive three-pointer and Sabally soon hit the bench as foul trouble stunted her side's momentum. Ireland landed five free-throws from six attempts but couldn't handle Luisa Geiselsoder, who muscled her way to eight points and seven rebounds in the first quarter alone. Sorcha Tiernan's long two re-energized the crowd, before Laura Schinkel stroked home on the first quarter buzzer from 30 feet for Germany to lead 24-12.
The German's had an average winning margin of 37 points in the tournament and looked even more potent with their main weapons on the floor. It was the game's smallest player, Annaliese Murphy, who impressed with a long two but Ireland's offence was misfiring.
They were 20 points behind before Claire Melia rallied the troops with a three-point play and Bronagh Power Cassidy capped a 5-0 run for a 41-26 half time score line. Dayna Finn led the charge to eat into Germany's lead in the third quarter.
Meanwhile, the winners were both penetrating inside and accurate from the perimeter, leaving Ireland short on means to shore up the defence. Once again it was substitute Annaliese Murphy who provided a spark with three-points from the win, but Germany had the game locked up at 60-35 by the end of the third. Ireland continued the fight in the fourth quarter, supported every step of the way by the sold out National Basketball Arena.
Even as the game began to look out of reach, the crowd that had been around for every single one of Ireland's games, cheered and chanted. Germany steadily maintained their lead and it was clear they would see the game out.
This Irish team created history as the first international squad to reach a European final and also as the first Irish team to clinch promotion to the A Division. While it may not have worked out for them tonight, they have certainly cemented their place in Irish basketball history.
Manchester City's midfielders must accept rotation this season as Pep Guardiola picks through an enviable raft of alternatives in central areas.
David Silva and Kevin De Bruyne reprised their dual playmaking roles of last season and combined to set up Sergio Aguero's opener as City began their Premier League campaign with a 2-0 win at Brighton and Hove Albion on Saturday.
Fernandinho undertook the holding role, with Yaya Toure, Raheem Sterling, Leroy Sané and new signing Bernardo Silva all stationed on the bench at the Amex Stadium.
Guardiola believes the players at his disposal will help City achieve his desired playing style and bounce back from a trophyless return last time around but warned the array of international stars that patience will be required.
"If they are not a little bit generous and a little bit kind it will be difficult. There are a lot of games and everybody is going to play," he told reporters.
"If you want to play in a certain way that I like, to monopolise the ball, you need talent and we've got it. Our midfield position is really good.
"Yaya, for example didn't play because of Fernandinho but [Ilkay] Gundogan is coming back soon, with Kevin, with Silva, with Bernardo; Rash can play in that position, Phil Foden played outstanding in the pre-season.
"All of them have a lot of quality. When a player has the ball and doesn't lose the ball I love that. They keep it well and all of them are going to play.
"Last season I rotated the team a lot and this season it's going to happen again. After that it depends on them, whether they accept my decisions or not.
"If they don't accept it will be their problem, not mine."
One man Guardiola conceded was unfortunate to miss out on the opening weekend was England winger Sterling.
"In the line-up he deserved to play," the former Barcelona boss said, having introduced the 22-year-old as a replacement for Gabriel Jesus. "He played awesome in there.
"I would like to be generous to the guys who train good but he knows that is just the first game and there are a lot of games.
"He has the quality to help us a lot in the small spaces and he has the quality to attack central defenders one-against-one, creating chances for the other ones. He will be so important for us."
Even as Guardiola's rotation gets into full swing, with Everton next on the agenda in the Premier League, it seems unlikely David Silva will spend too much time out of City's starting XI.
The Spain playmaker fulfilled his customary role as the team's creative fulcrum at Brighton, as he has since joining from Valencia in 2010.
"He's a guy who likes to play, he is not afraid," Guardiola added. "He has courage, especially in the bad moments, to ask for the ball and play and play and play.
"I love to see the players when the situation is uncomfortable. But we depend on everybody, not just David alone."
Wayne Pacelle, CEO and president of the Humane Society of the United States, speaks in 2017.
"Today, the Humane Society of the United States accepted the resignation of President and CEO, Wayne Pacelle," the organization announced on Twitter. Pacelle had worked for the Humane Society since 1994.
The chief executive of the Humane Society resigned Friday amid an investigation into sexual harassment allegations and a revolt among his staff and board members.
Today, the Humane Society of the United States accepted the resignation of President and CEO, Wayne Pacelle. Read m… https://t.co/3drIAqFPNd
Kitty Block, president of the division that governs the Humane Society's international locations, will replace Pacelle, according to a statement.
“We are profoundly grateful for Wayne's unparalleled level of accomplishments and service to the cause of animal protection and welfare," Rick Bernthal, chair of the Humane Society's board, said in the statement.
Bernthal did not mention the allegations against Pacelle, but earlier said that "many of the allegations were explosive in nature," and that "reading or hearing about them is a shock to anyone."
The allegations involve women in senior positions at the organization who felt their warnings and complaints about misconduct were ignored. According to the Washington Post, one woman said Pacelle kissed her against her will in 2005 when she was an intern. A former employee also alleged that a year later, Pacelle asked to masturbate in front of her and proposed giving her oral sex in a hotel room.
Pacelle's resignation was a sharp turn from the Humane Society board's vote Thursday to allow him to remain in his position. Seven board members resigned in protest of that decision, and staff members threatened a walkout.
Board member Erika Brunson also resigned alongside Pacelle Friday. The Humane Society did not give a reason for the resignation, but Brunson was reportedly the only board member to not only respond to an email warning of pervasive sexual misconduct, but personally attack the sender, the Washington Post reported.
The Humane Society did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Back in April a barge ran into the river wall at Smothers Park, and now crews are out on the river repairing the damage.
Below the river walk, crews have been working for a couple of weeks now on repairs that cost half a million dollars. They couldn't start on this project until the river level went down enough to get a crew on a barge below.
We are told the company that initially created the decorative panels in the river wall still had the forms to make exact replicas. So when the repairs are complete, it will look nearly identical to the original.
The city immediately called a structural engineer after the accident to ensure that it was safe to remain open to the community.
"The cell that this particular damage was done on is fully in tact," explained Ed Ray, Owensboro Assistant City Manager, explained. "There's no damage or threat to the public. So, we've maintained the area open. Smothers Park continues to be a great place to come. This is really neat to see. Bring the kids down and see what kind of construction you have to do when you have to work from the river up."
Ray says the city has an insurance policy specifically for this kind of accident. And he says if this good weather continues, the repairs will be finished in about two weeks.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. -- Wednesday's indictment of two Schlitterbahn maintenance workers provides further insight into the lengths park staff went to in order to cover up extremely dangerous safety issues, both before and and after the death of Caleb Schwab in 2016.
The new indictments charge two maintenance workers, David Hughes and John Zalsman, with obstructing law enforcement in the Schlitterbahn investigation.
Court documents say Hughes was the park's maintenance supervisor, and Zalsman and another employee on the crew were tasked with maintaining the Verrückt water slide that the 10-year-old boy died on. Records reveal they assisted in Verrückt's construction and performed multiple repairs on the slide's brake mat system.
Investigators found the brake mat on the incline of the second hill had completely failed 10 days before Caleb's death.
When investigators asked Hughes, Zalsman and the other maintenance worker why they didn't repair the brake mat after it fell off, each man claimed there never was a brake mat on that part of the slide. Each man said the brake mat was only present during testing but was removed before opening to the public in 2014.
Investigators had obtained video footage from a guest's GoPro camera clearly showing a brake mat at that location. Upon showing this evidence to the maintenance worker, the man changed his story.
Court documents from Wednesday's indictment also reveal a Schlitterbahn attorney's underhanded attempts to obtain information about testimony a 17-year-old employee gave to police, following an injury one guest sustained when his head his the overhead hoop and netting.
Court records state on Sept. 1, 2016, one of the lifeguards came forward to detectives to reveal Director of Operations Tyler Miles' efforts to cover up the injury. The lifeguard said Miles had coerced him into writing a coached statement to police.
About a week after the 17-year-old lifeguard came forward to detectives, Derek Mackay -- an attorney representing Schlitterbahn -- showed up announced at the teen's home. Mackay told the lifeguard's mother that he wanted to speak to him. The mother refused, saying that her son had given his report to police.
Mackay then asked for a copy of the report, but the mother refused. The attorney then said that the detective would want him to have the report. The mother again refused and asked Mackay to leave.
After Mackay left, the mother called the KCK detective to tell him about the encounter. The detective told her not to give the report to anyone. The detective then told the mother that the lawyer had just called him and said she had given her permission for police to release her son's report. She did no such thing.
While she was still speaking to the detective, Mackay contacted her and said that he had just spoken to the detective and claimed that the detective wanted her to give up the report. The detective did no such thing.
"The fact that this attorney employed aggressive, deceptive tactics in an attempt to gain access to a minor suggests that [Schlitterbahn] and Miles knew [the lifeguard's] information about the cover up could be devastating," court documents conclude.
The indictment reveals multiple instances in which Miles, Schlitterbahn co-owner Jeff Henry, and Verruckt designer John Schooley openly discussed the ride's safety issues.
"[Verrückt] could hurt me, it could kill me, it is a seriously dangerous piece of equipment today because there are things that we don't know about it. Every day we learn more," Henry said during the ride's testing phase. "I've seen what this one has done to the crash dummies and to the boats we sent down it. Ever since the prototype. And we had boats flying in the prototype too. ... It's complex, it's fast, it's mean. If we mess up, it could be the end. I could die going down this ride."
With the world's second-biggest proven reserves of oil, Saudi Arabia seems an unlikely aspirant to the nuclear-energy club. Yet the largest oil exporter plans to build at least 16 nuclear reactors over the next 25 years at a cost of more than $80 billion. The Saudis see atomic energy as a way to ease their dependence on finite fossil fuels. But they are also driven by competition with their rival Iran, which has multiple nuclear facilities. Whatever the motivation, the turn to nuclear power by Saudi Arabia, and several other countries in the Middle East, raises the risk of a nuclear arms race in the most unstable part of the world.
1. What's the security risk?
Most nuclear reactors are fueled with enriched uranium, which means countries that want nuclear power must either import the stuff or have their own enrichment capability. Saudi Arabia is insisting on the latter, which could be worrisome, given that highly enriched uranium can be used to build nuclear weapons. Another type of reactor is powered by raw uranium, which Saudi Arabia possesses, but that type produces plutonium, another fuel for nuclear arms.
2. Why does Saudi Arabia want nuclear power now?
Much of the government's plan for the future, called Vision 2030, is based on diversifying the Saudi economy to prepare for the day when oil and natural gas wells run dry. At the same time, electricity demand in the country has risen by as much as 9 percent a year since 2000, compared with less than 1 percent in developed countries such as the U.S., according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance. Water desalination is a large draw on power in Saudi Arabia.
3. Why nuclear power instead of just renewables?
Solar energy would seem like a good option for Saudi Arabia, and the kingdom has plans to develop 9.5 gigawatts of solar and other renewables by 2023. The abundance of sunshine there would make solar much cheaper than nuclear power. Under recent contracts awarded in the region, electricity from solar power costs about $30 per megawatt hour, less than half the costs of nuclear power, according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance. On the other hand, solar power requires either battery installations, to store energy, or alternative power sources, for when the sun isn't shining. And solar doesn't have the prestige of nuclear power, which demonstrates a certain level of scientific achievement.
4. Does Saudi Arabia want nuclear weapons?
In an interview with the U.S. television network CBS aired in mid-March, Mohammed bin Salman, the Saudi crown prince who effectively runs the country for his father King Salman, said, “Saudi Arabia doesn't want to own a nuclear bomb. But without a doubt, if Iran develops a nuclear bomb, we will follow suit as soon as possible.”
5. Is Iran developing a nuclear bomb?
Though Iran has consistently denied any interest in pursuing atomic weapons, its uranium-enrichment practices contributed to deep mistrust in the past. In a 2015 deal with world powers -- including the U.S. under President Donald Trump's predecessor -- Iran agreed, in exchange for the lifting of international sanctions, to decommission its plutonium-producing reactor and to limit its refining of uranium to no more than the level needed to fuel power plants. The Saudis have embraced Trump's efforts to upend that agreement. The president argues that the Iranians can't be trusted to abide by the deal and that, in any case, they will be free to pursue nuclear weapons when it expires after 15 years.
6. What's the problem between Iran and Saudi Arabia?
The two are vying for dominance in the Middle East. Their forces and proxies are arrayed against each other in the civil wars in Syria and Yemen. Each purports to lead the Islamic world, Saudi Arabia because of its role as the custodian of the holy places Mecca and Medina, Iran because of its Islamic revolution of 1979. The majority of Saudis follow the dominant Sunni branch of Islam, while most Iranians are Shiites. The rivalry has intensified with the rise of Prince Mohammed, who is particularly hawkish when it comes to Iran.
7. What happens next?
The Trump administration, eager to revive the torpid American nuclear industry, is pushing Saudi Arabia to consider U.S. companies -- such as Westinghouse Electric Co. and Exelon Corp. -- for its nuclear contracts instead of competitors from Russia, China and other countries. But the U.S. is reluctant to offer the Saudis deals without a prohibition on any uranium enrichment or fuel reprocessing in-country. The United Arab Emirates, a Saudi ally, agreed to that so-called "gold standard" a decade ago to facilitate the inclusion of some U.S. parts in its four Korean-built reactors, the first of which is expected to go online this year.
8. What do the Saudis say?
They note that, unlike the U.A.E., Saudi Arabia has large uranium deposits and wants to be self-sufficient in the preparation of nuclear fuel. Saudis point out that Iran is permitted under the 2015 accord to enrich uranium for peaceful purposes and say they want the same right.
9. Who else in the region is going nuclear?
The U.A.E. is set to become the first Arab nation with utility-scale nuclear power when it starts operating its plants, estimated to cost $25 billion. While the U.A.E. is a major oil producer, it relies on imported gas to generate much of its electricity. Egypt, the most populous Arab nation, has signed a $30 billion deal with Russia's Rosatom to build four nuclear plants. And Jordan, which has negligible energy resources, has signed construction deals with Rosatom and U.S.-based X-Energy in a program that could cost as much as $12 billion, according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance. While no Arab nation is known to have a nuclear arsenal, Israel, which began operating a plutonium-production reactor in 1963, possesses enough material for between 100 and 170 atomic weapons, according to an estimate by the Washington-based Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. Israel has never acknowledged having nuclear arms.
The Reference Shelf
They didn't wear hoods as they chanted "Jews will not replace us." They weren't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags, racist signs and swastikas. They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute.
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic, the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend wasn't a KKK rally: "It was a pride march."
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point. But it was also an opening.
On the Internet, some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally. Most prominently, on Twitter, the account called "Yes, You're Racist" has been soliciting help and posting IDs. "I'll make them famous," the account pledged.
So far, at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed.
Cole White, who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley, Calif., "voluntarily resigned" on Saturday after his employer confronted him about his participation in the event, according to the Berkeleyside news site.
@YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account. Since 2012, the account has been calling out "casual racism on Twitter," according to the user's fundraising page. It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets, highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say "I'm not racist but ..." followed by something, well, racist.
But after the rally in Charlottesville, Yes You're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers.
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville. The account identified one man as "Illegal Aryan," who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month, "See you in Charlottesville!"
"Illegal Aryan," real name Mark Daniel Reardon, was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that he lost his job as a result.
Another identified marcher, who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says he is a member of the Proud Boys, said on Twitter he was at Charlottesville. After he was identified, he said he's received death threats.
Of course, there's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses.
Jon Ronson, who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon (it's called So You've Been Publicly Shamed), chimed in on Twitter to give his take on the public identification of the white supremacists, white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville.
"They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media," he said, noting also that there's "a big difference" between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power.
That said, Twitter is "a terrible information swapping service," he said, and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process.
Indeed, the "Yes You're Racist" account has made, and acknowledged, some mistakes.
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally, not the Charlottesville march or rally. (That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband. He said on Youtube he wore it as a "social experiment" to prove that "not all Trump supporters are Nazis. I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point, not to spread a message of hate.")
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper. Roper, who has called for non-white races to be "eliminated" or "become extinct," did not actually attend the Charlottesville event. Roper, who is vehemently anti-Semitic, objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser.
Roper wrote on his blog that he actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the "Arkansas Engineering" marcher:
"Early on in the game, I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture, in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after. So, I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others."
As Roper muddied the waters, others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor, which was false.
Meanwhile, one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely him — but he insisted he's "not the angry racist" people see in the photo.
"As a white nationalist, I care for all people," said Peter Cvjetanovic, who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada, Reno.
"I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was," he told KTVN.
A "Yes, You're Racist" tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times.
Image copyright Twitter Image caption Fairyhill tweeted images of misaligned cutlery
A wedding venue on the Gower Peninsula has apologised for advertising for staff who are "slightly OCD".
Fairyhill in Reynoldston tweeted images of misaligned cutlery and crumpled napkins, with the heading "Slightly OCD? Then we'd like to hear from you".
It sparked angry responses from people living with the condition, including one from Ashley Fulwood, chief executive of charity OCD-UK.
The venue, near Swansea, has "sincerely apologised" for the social media post.
Fairyhill - which describes itself as "where luxury meets magic" - have since deleted the tweet and reworded the advert on their website.
The venue, which re-opened as a bespoke wedding venue as part of the Oldwalls group on 1 March, now asks for "perfectionists".
Image copyright Google Image caption Fairyhill in Reynoldston re-opened as a bespoke wedding venue on 1 March
Admitting they had misjudged the tone of the post, a statement from the company said: "We meant no harm and truly appreciate that in today's politically correct society we should have been more conscious.
"OCD is such an overused term in public discourse and is too often trivialised.
"In hindsight we did not understand the true meaning of the condition and how it deeply affects those who suffer. A positive from this judgement error is that we've raised awareness and hope others will follow suit and not misuse the term in daily conversation."
Some social media replies said OCD caused "horrific self-harm and unbearable anxiety", and put those with the condition at a greater risk of suicide.
"Are you aware that OCD is absolutely nothing to do with being a perfectionist?" asked OCD-UK boss Mr Fulwood on Twitter.
"Did you know that someone who likes things a certain way, let's say neat and tidy, is compelled to arrange things that way because of an unwanted, aggressive, intrusive thought?"
JAPAN HAS A new robot cafe where customers can enjoy coffee brewed and served by a mechanical barista.
The robot named Sawyer debuted this week at Henna Cafe in Tokyo's downtown business and shopping district of Shibuya. The shop's name in Japanese means “strange cafe”.
The single-armed robot scans a ticket purchased from a vending machine and greets the customer.
“Would you care for a delicious coffee?” the barista, with a screen showing a pair of cartoon eyes, asks in a flat tone.
“I can make one better than human beings around here.”
It grinds the coffee beans, fills a filter and pours hot water over a paper cup for up to five people at once. A cup of brewed coffee costs 320 yen ($3) and takes a few minutes.
Sawyer can also operate an automated machine for six other hot drinks including cappuccino, hot chocolate and green tea latte.
Customers, many of them young men, took photos with their smartphones while they waited in line.
The cafe operator, travel agency HIS Co, says robots can increase productivity while also entertaining customers.
“An essential point is to increase productivity,” said Masataka Tamaki, general manager of corporate planning at HIS. He said only one person needs to oversee the robot cafe, compared to several people needed at a regular coffee shop, so it can serve better quality coffee at a reasonable price.
Tamaki says it's not just about efficiency. “We want the robot to entertain customers so it's not like buying coffee at a vending machine,” he said.
Takeshi Yamamoto, a 68-year-old restaurant employee who works in the neighbourhood, said his first experience with the robot cafe was very enjoyable, and his robot-made coffee was delicious.
“It's quite rich, and tastes very good,” Yamamoto said, as he took a sip. “You can get machine-made coffee at convenience stores, too, and it's actually good. But here, I had great fun.”
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — One person is dead following a shooting Tuesday morning near 9th and Brooklyn.
It happened around 8:30 a.m., in a construction area. Spire Energy confirmed that the victim was an InfraSource employee performing work for Spire.
“We are heartbroken today after an InfraSource employee performing work for Spire was shot at a Kansas City construction site,” Spire said in a statement. “He later died at the hospital. Until we know more, we are working with police and InfraSource to pull crews off that streets in the Kansas City area. We ask that you hold this man, his family, his friends, InfraSource and utility workers, and in our communities in your thoughts and prayers.”
Police have not said what led up to the shooting but did say a dark-complected man wearing a blue hoodie and gray sweatpants ran away from the scene of the shooting.
A KCPD K-9 officer was called to the scene to help track the suspect.
Stacey Graves with the Kansas City Police Department said there a lot of witnesses because it was an active construction site. She added that most of them are shaken up after what happened.
“Our detectives have a lot of people to interview,” Graves said. “We will be in and around the area until we can get a little bit more of a suspect development. We ask anyone who may have seen or heard anything–this is early in the morning–9th Street is a busy road right here.”
Anyone with information is asked to call the TIPS Hotline at (816) 474-TIPS.
Watch FOX4 Kathy Quinn's full interview with Graves in the video player above.
A powerful winter storm is barreling toward the Big Apple,...
Flames spewed from a car on the FDR Drive early Monday morning, treating rubberneckers in East Harlem to a scene worthy of a Hollywood film set.
The driver of the vehicle, which appeared to be a Chrysler 300C, managed to get away safely, according to FDNY officials.
Fire crews got a call about the blaze at East 105th Street at about 6 a.m., officials said.
They were able to get it under control an hour later.
Video posted on Twitter by a motorist showed cars passing by the fiery scene while the vehicle burned rapidly near a tree on the northbound side of the highway.
“Stay away,” the driver tweeted.
NYPD officials said the incident caused delays in both directions, but traffic was back to normal by 7:05 a.m.
The cause of the blaze was not immediately clear.
It's also unclear if the driver was still at the scene when first responders arrived.
The fire marshal was investigating.
In a surprising move, an Israeli soccer player posted a photo on social media Sunday of himself and a fellow Iranian athlete.
Maor Buzaglo, a player with Maccabi Haifa who also plays for Israel's national team, was in London over the weekend receiving treatment for a knee injury. While there, he ran into Ashkan Dejagah, an Iranian who plays for Nottingham Forest in the UK and is also captain of the Iranian national team.
Buzaglo posted a photo of the pair on Instagram and Twitter, alongside Israeli and Iranian flags and the peace sign.Buzaglo, 30, tagged Dejagah in his photo, though the Iranian player did not post anything similar on his own feed, where he has more than 680,000 followers. But he did comment on Buzaglo's post, writing: “wish you a quick recovery too my friend.” Dejagah, 31, also suffered a recent injury, undergoing surgery last month.Though sports are ostensibly apolitical, Iranian players have a long history of snubbing – or being forced to snub – Israeli adversaries.Just last month an Iranian judoka pulled out of a match against an Israeli in the Dusseldorf Grand Slam in Germany, and the Israeli went on to win bronze. In November, an Iranian wrestler faked an injury at the World Senior Wrestling Championship in Poland at the order of his coach so he would not have to face an Israeli in the next match.Many athletes fear repercussions back home if they disobey orders and play against Israelis.In 2007, while playing for the German under-21 national soccer team, Dejagah refused to travel to Israel to play a match there. In an official statement, the soccer player said at the time that the reasons for his decision were “of a very personal nature and have to do with my close family.” He told BZ newspaper at the time that “I have nothing against Israel. But I'm worried about having problems later when traveling to Iran.”When asked about the issue in 2014, Dejagah told The Guardian that it was a long time ago, and “it helped me grow up. But now I only look to the future.”
A man who suddenly became very ill and attacked a stranger with a screwdriver has been spared immediate custody because of the unusual circumstances.
But Marcin Brey, 31, must pay his victim £7,500 in compensation.
A court heard Bray, formerly of Crispin Lane in Wrexham, had become very depressed and ill and intended to return to his home in Poland but since the attack he had recovered.
Judge David Hale previously adjourned sentence to see if compensation could be made available. He was told sufficient funds had been put into his solicitor's account.
Speaking at Mold Crown Court, he told Brey that it was accepted by everybody in the case that when he assaulted the other man he was extremely ill.
“This is a highly unusual case,” said the judge. “You had a psychotic episode, almost out of the blue.
“You were depressed when working in Chirk. You gave up your job and decided to return to Poland.”
But within a fortnight he became extremely ill.
“The unusual feature of this case is that you are now better.” Judge Hale said.
“Although you were detained by the police and sent to a mental hospital and sectioned under the Mental Health Act, within four to six weeks you had recovered.”
His recovery was such that he had been returned to custody awaiting sentence.
“This is a very unusual and desperately unfortunate thing to have happened to anybody,” said Judge Hale.
The complainant was the victim of the defendant in that condition.
“You had no argument with him. You didn't know him from Adam.
“He was just driving a car to a garage in Holmes Chapel when you attacked him with a screwdriver. His injuries could have been a lot worse.”
But the judge said they must have been extremely painful and a terrible shock to him.
“Normally you would have received a prison sentence for an offence of this nature but for the quite exceptional position of being so ill.”
Judge Hale said it was not as if he had not taken his pills or anything like that.
Bray was due to return to Poland and was now in a position to pay compensation.
Judge Hale said he would take an exceptional course of suspending a two year prison sentence for two years with no conditions.
The £7,500 compensation and £140 surcharge would have to be paid within 28 days and the money was already in his solicitor's account.
The court was told arrangements had been made for Bray to go with his brother to get his car and leave the UK within the next seven days.
Hanergy Thin Film Power Group today announced recently that US's National Renewable Energy Laboratory, one of the world's three largest renewable energy research organizations, has rated its US-based subsidiary Alta Devices' single junction GaAs module as the world's most efficient single-junction solar module. With its record setting 28.9% conversion efficiency, the module can be used to power a range of products from unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV), electric vehicles to smart sensors that were earlier restricted by low efficiency solar solutions.
More Headlines Articles
The group is relentlessly committed to develop technology with well-timed advancements which is bound to hit the high spot. Notably, Alta Devices first broke the record for GaAs single-junction cells in 2010 and has since then broken five conversion efficiency records already. The recent one being Alta's GaAs solar conversion rate of 28.9%, so far the highest efficiency in the world as rated by US's National Renewable Energy Laboratory.With this most recent breakthrough, Hanergy now has two world records - the record for single-junction batteries (28.9%) and for single-junction battery modules (25.1%) which further fortify the company's position as an undisputed world leader in the field of high-efficiency thin-film solar batteries.Commenting on the achievement, Mr. Ding Jianru, CEO of Alta Devices said, "Our latest milestone for utmost solar efficiency represents a breakthrough in Hanergy's vision for the future of solar energy applications. More so, at Alta Devices, we believe that with fast-tracking trend towards autonomous machines, it's highly imperative to have sources of power that can be replenished without the interruption. We're aligned with our goal to continue to produce thin-film solar batteries with efficiencies par-excellence to lead the progressing trend towards autonomous machines."In 2014, Alta Devices, a California-based company became a subsidiary of Hanergy. Extremely efficient, light and flexible, Alta Devices' GaAs thin-film solar panels have been successfully applied to a range of different products.Last year, Hanergy collaborated with Audi on solar sunroof using GaAs thin film battery technology. Subsequently, Chinese automakers such as FAW and BAIC teamed up with Hanergy to jointly develop GaAs thin-film solar roofs for multiple models. Meanwhile, Hanergy has also brought to use its GaAs thin film solar cells for drones to develop industrial-grade solar drones. Globally, Hanergy holds more than 4,500 patents in the field of thin film solar energy, of which about 50% are invention patents.
WASHINGTON — In a meeting with Republican senators Tuesday to discuss health care reform, President Donald Trump gave them support to move in a different direction from the House-passed version of the legislation which he described as "mean," according to two Senate aides whose bosses attended the lunch.
“He talked about making sure we have a bill that protects people with pre-existing conditions and helps people. We talked a little bit about the tax credit to make that work for low income elderly people," Sen. John Thune, R-S.D., who attended the meeting, said. "And he certainly is fine with us taking a different direction with what the house did."
After the House passed its bill last month, Trump took a victory lap, holding a news conference in the Rose Garden flanked by members of Congress whom he praised for passing a "great plan."
Tuesday's lunch meeting resulted in little tangible progress on how to gain the support of nearly all Republican senators needed for it to pass the Senate.
Fifteen senators traveled down Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House to talk about the issue at a critical time in the crafting of legislation that would roll back aspects of the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, and replace it with Republican ideas.
Republican senators still disagree on major components of potential legislation, and the meeting with Trump did little to change their minds. Instead they expressed their concerns to a president who encouraged them to work out their differences, multiple senators who attended the meetings said.
“I think we have the same dynamic in the caucus that we've had for a long time — people who are in different places on how we fix Medicaid and other issues,” Thune told reporters after returning to the Capitol from the White House.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Blames 'Obstructionist' Dems at First Full Cabinet Meeting 1:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Sen. Rob Portman, R-Ohio, who is protective of the Medicaid program that expanded under Obamacare in Ohio, said that the meeting did not bring senators closer to an agreement on a final bill.
“No that wasn't the purpose of it,” Portman said.
At the beginning of the lunch, which was open to the press for a few minutes, Trump said that the Senate is coming up with “a phenomenal” bill.
Related: Trump Says Senate Bill Will Be ‘Generous, Kind and With Heart'
But the definition of phenomenal hasn't been agreed upon between senators. Differences still exist over how to deal with Medicaid and the expansion of the program authorized under Obamacare.
There seems to be agreement, however on protecting people with pre-existing conditions. Thune said Trump said senators have to “make sure” to protect them.
But ensuring people with pre-existing conditions have coverage and protecting people with Medicaid are expensive, leading to another major issue of contention — which Obamacare taxes to keep in place. The House bill repealed $1 trillion worth of Obamacare taxes while the Senate bill is likely to be more generous, costing more money.
Senator David Perdue, R-Georgia, said the disagreement on which taxes to keep is a dividing the conference. The major taxes include a tax on insurance companies, a medical device tax, a tax on investment income and an income tax on couples making more than $250,000 per year.
“That's the part that's moving around on us,” he said.
One division between Congress and Trump is the issue of cost-sharing reduction payments, which are subsidies that help low-income customers with insurance pay for out-of-pocket costs. Trump has threatened to halt the payments, a move that would cause insurance companies to exit the individual insurance market, leaving people without access to health insurance or fewer options.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed How Medicaid, disability cuts would impact the US 8:25 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
When Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, was asked if Trump committee to continuing CSR payments, she said, “It was just a good discussion.”
Republican leaders are working to flesh out differences between senators on the content of a bill. They can agree that time is running out while insisting to reporters that no one is placing an “arbitrary deadline” on the process.
Some Republicans had hoped to vote on a bill before July, but time is running out. The Senate is mandated to have a cost estimate from the Congressional Budget Office before they vote. A CBO analysis of the bill will take ten to 14 days, meaning text of legislation would have to be sent to the CBO by the end of the week.
Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, was skeptical that a bill could be written in the next three days. “By the end of this week? I don't think so,” Hatch told reporters.
Follow @insidefutbol
Chelsea have touched base with Real Madrid to check on the availability of Tottenham Hotspur and West Ham target Mateo Kovacic.
The Croatia international is ready to quit the Bernabeu this summer in search of regular first team football, but Los Blancos are not smoothing an exit road for him.
Indeed, the offer Chelsea have received suggests that Real Madrid want to scare sides off Kovacic.
According to Sky Italia, Chelsea asked Real Madrid about Kovacic and were told by the Spanish giants that €100m would be needed to win the race for the midfield schemer's signature.
West Ham and Tottenham have also been strongly linked with wanting Kovacic, with even suggestions the Hammers have gone as far as lodging a bid.
But at the €100m price-point, Kovacic is unlikely to be leaving the Bernabeu this summer.
Kovacic made 36 appearances for Real Madrid across all competitions last season.
He was an unused substitute in Real Madrid's Champions League final win over Liverpool.
HARPURSVILLE, NY (WFLA/AP) – April the giraffe suffered an injury at the Animal Adventure Park Monday morning, and viewers' constant emails to the park has the team ready to pull the live feed down.
April has a small twist of her leg and has been favoring it when she walks.
The park's veterinarian is aware of the issue, and the park said the injury is not unheard of in long-legged animals.
The park posted on Facebook that they appreciate the concern, but they are being bogged down with emails regarding April's wellbeing.
“…but, the bogging down of email servers and other platforms is the exact reason the giraffe cam will need to be pulled,” the park posted.
The park did not say exactly when the feed would be pulled to YouTube.
The park is preparing to open for the season and said the emails are hindering their limited time.
The long-awaited arrival of April the giraffe's baby has made Animal Adventure Park the second most live-viewed channel in YouTube's history.
April's livestream had more than 232 million live views and 7.6 billion minutes of live watch time since February, second only to League of Legends eSports, which has been around since 2012, YouTube said on Monday.
The channel had its biggest day on Saturday, with more than 14 million live views. More than 1.2 million viewers were watching the livestream simultaneously on YouTube when April gave birth Saturday morning, making it one of the Top 5 most-watched moments.
The not-yet-named male baby giraffe was running around with its mother within three hours of birth at the private zoo in Harpursville, a village 130 miles (210 kilometers) northwest of New York City.
Animal Adventure Park owner Jordan Patch said the baby was healthy and April was recovering “perfectly.”
April and the baby will be introduced to the public when the park opens for the season next month.
“We're going to see that baby and mom really develop a beautiful bond,” Patch said.
The zoo is holding a contest to name the baby, charging $1 per vote, with proceeds being split among wild giraffe conservation efforts, zoo upgrades and support for families of children experiencing unexpected medical expenses.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Here's news to raise a glass to this year: The trend of the hipster bartender is over.
We've all been there. You just want a plain Jane drink while you're hanging out with friends at the uber-cool new bar, and when you place your order — say, vodka and tonic — the leather-aproned, wax-mustached bartender looks down his nose. Embarrassed, you instead page through the tome of hand-crafted cocktails featuring house-made bitters, locally foraged herbs, distilled fog spirits infused with heritage breed berries, Nordic ice spheres personally carved by the bartender's grandmother in the ice-house constructed of reclaimed Prohibition-era schoolhouse planks, and you point at the 14-ingredient, $18 drink with one recognizable component.
Whatever happened to the friendly bartender?
Related: This Gene Might Affect How Much You Like to Drink
Clayton Rollins, who owns Lucky Rooster in Hilton Head, told NBC, “The bar is getting back to customer service. Craft cocktails are just the norm now.”
But how did we get from the days of bartender as friend to the opponent across the bar you have to impress with your order before waiting 15 minutes for a drink? That early, easy relationship was only natural, after all, Rollins said.
“If you look at how a restaurant is set up from a service side, it's a lot easier for a bartender to have an intimate experience with guests sitting at bar,” he said. “You're at eye level, only separated by two to three feet. Generally the bartender has some time to engage. There's this communal experience that doesn't necessarily happen at a restaurant table where the server is standing up.”
It's Not You, It's Them
Rollins points to a lack of security as the pivotal factor in the shift away from that relationship. “All of a sudden there are a select group of bartenders doing craft cocktails and learning about something in our history that they're trying to make new and relevant. Just like anything else good, people copy it. They're really passionate about it but customers are still drinking their vodka sodas. [The bartenders] get defensive about it. It creates insecurity.”
While the best bartenders had such superior skill sets they didn't need the guest to validate them, that attitude became the standard. “Who doesn't like to tell the rich 55 year-old-guy when you're 25 that you know more than them? That jerk bartender mentality disseminated through a lot of levels,” said Rollins.
“Learning this new craft, you don't know how to come across humbly,” he told NBC. “That insecurity breeds into ‘I'm going to show you.'”
But like all trends, “now that we've been doing craft bartending for a longer period of time it's not so crafty,” Rollins said. “Remember when farm to table was cool? Now it's just what you're supposed to be doing. To have a good bar program you have to be able to make a proper Negroni, Manhattan, Boulevardier, know that a martini is gin and vermouth stirred the old style. And customers are comfortable. Bartenders feel more comfortable. Everybody feels safer.”
Related: The Bourbon So Exclusive that Even Billionaires Can't Buy It
Now that more bartenders have this knowledge, “How do I differentiate myself?” Rollins said. “I have to blow you away with customer service. It's just evolution.” And, back on even footing, bartenders can still introduce guests to something new. “Once those people feel safe they're open to trying some things a little at a time outside their comfort zone.”
Like any process of evolution though, it's happening slowly, Rollins said. “It's going to take some time to get back to service.”
Bartending Is a Career
So what should a consumer do when faced with a frosty bartender? Recognize one thing, he said. “A lot of people work in the hospitality industry because they want to serve guests. Don't assume because someone is bartending or waiting tables that this is just a job placeholder. With the people who work for me, this is their chosen career path and they make good money and they love doing it.”
“Just show people the same respect as you'd like to be treated with,” Rollins went on. “We are responsible on both sides of the bar.”
And beyond that basic decency, remember, “we're at a bar to have fun,” he added. And if you're not being treated well? “Just go somewhere else. It's that simple. You don't have to blow them up on social media or attack them on Yelp. When you find a place that you like, be a regular. Hang out there. Take chances.”
Rob Wile brings you the latest news and nuggets from the South Florida startup scene
(WFLA) – It's time for another exciting week of Friday Night Blitz! News Channel 8 Sports has all your highlights in the video above and this week's scores are posted below.
Game of the Week: Lakewood (24) – Pinellas Park (14)
Mitchell (28) – Springstead (7)
River Ridge (57) – Gulf (0)
Berkley Prep (14) – Farragut (7)
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
The 5 best songs from the ‘Dope' soundtrack The summer blockbusters are already starting to clean up at the box office, but the coming-of-age comedy-drama “Dope” might turn out to be this season's underground hit. The Rick Famuyiwa-directed...
Why ‘Goodfellas' is the ultimate rock 'n' roll movie In a 2010 interview with GQ, “Goodfellas” music editor Christopher Brooks revealed that director Martin Scorsese knew what songs he was going to include in the movie three years before...
Check out the top 5 songs from the ‘Empire' soundtrack Not content with topping only the TV ratings, the folks behind the Fox soap hip-hopera “Empire” released a soundtrack March 10. And it hit No. 1 on the Billboard Album...
The 5 best songs on the ‘Forrest Gump' soundtrack If ever you feel the need to emulate Forrest Gump's epic cross-country run, then there's no better running mix than the soundtrack to the film itself. Twenty years after its...
The 5 best songs from ‘Guardians of the Galaxy' The movie is flying high at the box office — and now, the soundtrack to Marvel's “Guardians of the Galaxy” is following suit. The “Awesome Mix Vol. 1” compilation featuring...
Share On more Share On more
Cynthia Nixon, actor, lifelong New Yorker, and now politician, announced Monday afternoon she would be running for governor of her home state.
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX
Nixon, who's best known for her work in the long-running late-'90s, early '00s HBO television series, Sex and the City , will now officially challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in the September Democratic primary.
"New York is my home," says Nixon in her video declaring her candidacy. "I've never lived anywhere else."
"When I grew up here, it was just my mom and me in a one-bedroom, fifth-floor walk-up," Nixon continues, as the video displays footage of her interacting with her partner, Christine Marinoni, and their children.
Nixon then calls for "our government to work again" before listing problems such as health care, mass incarceration, and the broken New York City subway system.
"We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us," she said.
BuzzFeed News has reached out to Cuomo's office for comment, as well as Nixon's camp for further comment.
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Willie Nelson is blaming Utah's high altitude for forcing him to cut a performance near Salt Lake City short.
Nelson ended his show early at the USANA Amphitheatre in suburban West Valley City on Sunday night.
He later apologized in a statement posted to his Twitter and Facebook accounts. The 84-year-old country music legend explained: “The altitude got to me. I am feeling better now and headed for lower ground.”
Nelson's publicist didn't immediately respond to a request for further comment Monday.
Nelson was forced to cancel several concerts earlier this year because of what his publicist said was a bad cold.
When it comes to economic well-being, education, health and community, the best states to raise your kids are in the Northeast.
New Hampshire ranked first, followed by Massachusetts and Vermont, according to the Annie E. Casey Foundation, a Baltimore, Md.-based private philanthropic group focused on children's well-being. The worst-ranked states were Louisiana, New Mexico and Mississippi. Fittingly, Midwestern states found themselves in the middle of the rankings, while southern states were for the most part in the bottom of the rankings.
Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico were not compared to the states, but they do have some of the lowest indicators for overall well-being, according to the report. Rankings were based on a score of the four factors (economic well-being, education, health, and family and community), but some states had countering results (Idaho, for example, was 11th under family and community but 43rd in education).
See: The 10 most expensive places to raise a family in the U.S.
Economic well-being included places with affordable housing and well-paying jobs; education factored in quality schooling in children's younger years; health was based on overall development and health care, substance abuse and nutrition; and family and community factored in strong social-emotional relationships and resources children could use to grow mentally and emotionally.
Not all of the states in the Northeast ranked high — New York, as well as Maine, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island were excluded from the top of the list. Some economists argue cities are financially challenging places to raise a family, and a study released earlier this year by real estate website Zillow Z and child-care site Care.com showed city-dwelling families spend more on housing as well as child-care — an average of $9,000 on the latter alone. (There are some notable exceptions: This man in Vancouver, Canada lives in a 1,050-square-foot condominium with his five children.)
See also: This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children
Where you live with your child isn't all that matters, though. The way children are brought up varies wildly country to country, and what a child really needs is physical affection and to clearly understand what is expected of them, said Robert and Sarah LeVine, authors of “Do Parents Matter? Why Japanese Babies Sleep Soundly, Mexican Siblings Don't Fight and American Families Should Just Relax.” Children are resilient, regardless of where and how they're brought up, the authors found.
Lin-Manuel Miranda has recruited an all-star lineup for his new track “Almost Like Praying.”
Related: Lin-Manuel Miranda Unveils “Immigrants” Video
Marc Anthony, Ruben Blades, Camila Cabello, Pedro Capo, Dessa, Gloria Estefan, Fat Joe, Luis Fonsi, Juan Luis Guerra, Alex Lacamoire, John Leguizamo, Jennifer Lopez, Rita Moreno, Ednita Nazario, Joell Ortiz, Anthony Ramos, Gina Rodriguez, Gilberto Santa Rosa, PJ Sin Suela, Tommy Torres, and Ana Villafañe are all featured on the new song, which will raise money for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico.
Written by Miranda only last week, the original song borrows its title and instantly indelible hook from the classic show tune “Maria,” from West Side Story.
Check out the star-studded charity single below.
PHOENIX — The stage won't be too big for Adam Griffith on Monday night. Pressure? A football game, albeit a national championship game, isn't pressure, not where Alabama's place-kicker has...
Human remains found in discarded couch point to murder Skeletal remains that were found four months ago in a discarded couch along a Brooklyn highway belonged to a man who was killed by a sharp instrument, officials said. “The...
Passenger dies after car overturns on Brooklyn parkway A 19-year-old passenger was killed after the car she was traveling in hit a guardrail and overturned on a Brooklyn parkway early Sunday. Wiktoria Filc of Staten Island died after...
Sanitation workers find skeletal remains near highway Sanitation workers made a grim find along Brooklyn's Belt Parkway on Friday afternoon — a skull and bones mixed in with a pile of trash, police sources said. The Department...
Belt Parkway potholes have damaged hundreds of cars The Belt Parkway is the worst roadway in the five boroughs, based on claims filed against the city by motorists whose vehicles have been wrecked by potholes. Figures released Thursday...
Several injured after major car crash on parkway Five people were injured, two seriously, after multiple cars crashed on a Brooklyn highway Monday afternoon, authorities said. The collision occurred on the Belt Parkway near Knapp Street in Sheepshead...
Firefighters battle large blaze in wooded area Firefighters are battling a large brush fire in south Brooklyn Tuesday afternoon, officials said. Approximately 150 firefighters responded to the 3rd alarm blaze at about 3:50 p.m. in the wooded...
Driver slams into four cars while fleeing cops at JFK A maniac driver was busted after fleeing police officers and smashing into four parked cars during a failed getaway in Queens Wednesday night, sources said. Christopher Morgan, 44, fled the...
Woman clings to life after accident on Belt Parkway A 22-year-old woman is clinging to life after a two-car accident on the Belt Parkway in Brooklyn early Saturday, cops said. Irina Danilyuk was on the highway at 3:45 a.m....
COWLITZ COUNTY, Wash (KGW) – Washington authorities arrested a retired military man Wednesday after he threatened to commit a “Las Vegas” style shooting and led them on a nearly 100-mile chase.
Christopher James Bleavins, 35, of Lakewood, Washington, fled Joint Base Lewis McChord Wednesday afternoon and sped off in a red Mazda after he was approached by military police, according to Charlie Rosenzweig, spokesman for the Cowlitz County Sheriff's Office.
JBLM police initially pursued Bleavins but Washington State Patrol soon took over the chase southbound on Interstate 5.
At milepost 58, about 60 miles south of JBLM, Bleavins collided with a semi-truck but continued to drive away at a high rate of speed. The truck driver was not hurt, Rosenzweig said.
Washington State Patrol ended its pursuit at the Cowlitz/Lewis County Line, shortly after the collision.
Castle Rock police then spotted Bleavins driving faster than 100 mph about 10 miles south of the county line.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
A viral video posted on Facebook shows the moment that Jessa Gillaspie and Becky McCabe, a lesbian couple, realized they both brought an engagement ring to the Memphis Zoo with the plans of proposing. Screenshot from Jessa Gillaspie's Facebook
Image copyright Dave Donaldson
The world's fastest knitter is to lead workshops at the Inverness Loch Ness International Festival.
Shetland-born Hazel Tindall earned her title by knitting 255 stitches in three minutes in 2004.
Four years later, she successfully defended her title when she knitted 262 stitches in the same time.
Mrs Tindall, who specialises in Fair Isle knitting, will lead four workshops at the festival, which is taking place from 13-15 October in Inverness.
The festival, which was first held last year, will be held at Inverness Ice Centre and other venues in Inverness city centre.
Ecoppia, the world leader in robotic, water-free photovoltaic solar panel cleaning solutions, today announced an agreement with SB Energy, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoftBank Group Corp., to deploy two thousand robots across its five sites in Bhadla Phase III & IV Solar Park Project in Rajasthan India. This announcement comes on the heels of Ecoppia's recent completion of large-scale deployments with ENGIE and Ostro Power (Actis Group) in the Bhadla park.
More Headlines Articles
Bhadla is a water-deficient region that suffers from frequent and massive dust storms, resulting in panel soiling that can reduce energy output. To minimize the loss of production capacity due to soiling, while keeping in line with SB Energy's focus on automation and robotics, the company chose Ecoppia's state-of-art system to ensure efficient and intelligent module cleaning at the plant.SB Energy's project panels will be cleaned daily by Ecoppia robots without any human interference and will be remotely managed through a cloud-based control system. The water-free Ecoppia solution will save approx. over 2 billion of liters of water during the 25 years of solar plant operations.With over 1.5 GW of projects deployed or under deployment, and nearly 3 GW of secured projects with leading energy conglomerates worldwide, Ecoppia is revolutionizing the solar O&M space."SB Energy choose Ecoppia after due diligence as it was providing the optimum solution. We are convinced that adopting breakthrough technologies is key to coping with the challenging market conditions and increasing operational efficiency," said Abhijeet Sathe, COO at SB Energy."We are thrilled to be working with a technology-driven and forward-looking company like SB Energy," said Eran Meller, CEO of Ecoppia. "The unparalleled experience gained in India, especially in Rajasthan desert over the last three years, will enable us to seamlessly comply with SB Energy's high operations standards".About EcoppiaWith over 3GW of secured projects, Ecoppia is the world leader in robotic solutions for PV, offering a connected platform that cost-effectively maximizes the performance of utility-scale installations the world over. Cloud-based, Ecoppia's water-free and automated robotic systems remove dust from panels on a daily basis using advanced machine learning and IOT capabilities.Remotely managed and controlled, the Ecoppia platform allows solar sites to maintain peak performance with minimal costs and human intervention. Owing to proprietary algorithms and robotic solutions, Ecoppia makes day-to-day O&M solar activities safer, efficient and more reliable. A privately-held company backed by prominent and experienced international investment funds, Ecoppia works with the largest energy companies globally, cleaning millions of solar panels every month. Learn more at http://www.ecoppia.com.
France is to get tough with online hate speech in a new national campaign against racism and anti-Semitism, Prime Minister Edouard Philippe said on Monday. The plan, which has yet to be agreed in its definitive form, comes after a rise in anti-Semitic and Islamophobic incidents in the wake of the 2015 Paris terror attacks.
"What annoys me is that it seems to be easier today to take down a pirate video of a football match than anti-Semitic speech," Philippe commented while presenting the three-year plan at the Museum of the History of Immigration in Paris in the company of seven of his ministers.
Anything that is published and distributed in France is subject to French law, the prime minister insisted.
To fight online hate the government is considering:
Pushing for a European law to force hate content to be taken down more quickly and hold providers to account;
Heavy fines for providers who do not take down racist content within 24 hours, as in Germany;
Forcing content providers operating in France to have legal representation here;
Closing accounts that repeatedly send hate messages to a large audience;
Allowing investigators into racist and anti-Semitic content to use pseudonyms;
Increasing the powers and personnel of the Pharos online watchdog;
Seconding people sentenced to community work to NGOs to monitor hate content.
For victims the government is proposing:
To try out a network of specially trained magistrates and investigators from September this year;
To examine the possibility of victims defining their case as racially motivated, as is done in the UK;
To extend the online service for preparing legal complaints to racial discrimination, incitement to discrimination and racist abuse;
A website to help victims.
On anti-racist education it proposes:
The education ministry and the government's anti-racist unit, Dilcrah, will try out a rapid-intervention unit to back up teachers and other people facing conflict situations;
A national prize for young people fighting racism and anti-Semitism, to be named after Ilan Halimi, a young Jewish man who was kidnapped and murdered by a so-called "Gang of Barbarians" in 2006;
Improved training in preventing and handling racist and anti-Semitic acts for public servants;
Increased awareness of the history of slavery and its abolition, especially in France's overseas territories;
A campaign to increase awareness of racism in sport.
A three-person committee will examine the proposals and help prepare a plan, which is to run from 2018 to 2020.
Successive government plans
This is far from the first anti-racist campaign by a French government.
The previous government under Manuel Valls - a Socialist at the time - launched one in 2015.
Only half of its proposals were put into effect, according to the Huffpost website, and some, such as legal representation for providers, resurface in the latest plan.
In 2013 Valls's predecessor, Jean-Marc Ayrault, announced measures to beef up a previous plan launched by right-wing prime minister François Fillon in 2009.
As far back as 2003, then president Jacques Chirac set up a committee to combat racism and anti-Semitism, which became the Interministerial Delegation for the Fight against Racism, Anti-Semitism and anti-LGBT Hate (Dilcrah) in 2012.
Hard to judge effect
It is difficult to judge the efficacy of these various initiatives.
In February an official report noted a 16 percent fall in racist incidents, although not in assaults, in 2017.
That was compared to 2016, which also saw a decline.
But that was compared to a peak of 2,000 incidents reported in 2015 in the wake of the Paris terror attacks and the 2014 Gaza conflict.
And, as the government clearly realises, the internet has led to a far wider circulation of hate speech.
Hate speech and freedom of expression
So it is impossible to judge how much effect official campaigns have on trends that are heavily influenced by external factors.
There is also confusion as to how to define the phenomenon.
Valls, for example, insists that anti-Zionism is a form of anti-Semitism and ministers seem to be at pains to mention anti-Semitism but less keen to mention prejudice against Muslims, black people or Roma.
Some right-wingers complain of "anti-white racism" and "Cathophobia", while others claim their freedom of expression is being stifled by the "politically correct".
Some of the government's proposals certainly extend the state's ability to intervene in public debate and may well give rise to accusations of censorship.
(WDTN) — The Ohio State Highway Patrol says they saw a significant increase in accidents after the first snow of the winter on Saturday.
With more snow in the forecast on Tuesday, OSP is offering tips to help keep drivers safe on the roads.
OSP says everyone should check their tires and brakes, making sure vehicles are in the best condition possible before driving in winter weather.
They say the simplest tip is also one of the most important; slow down.
“Don't be in a hurry to get somewhere,” OSP Sgt. Frank Simmons said. “There is nothing here that is worth your life and limb or your personal property, so show some patience.”
Drivers should also increase breaking distance when roads are slick. OSP says on dry pavement, safe following distance is three to four seconds, but that should be increased to eight to 10 seconds when pavement is wet or slick.
OSP says people should also check the forecast and monitor weather conditions before leaving home.
You can always check the Storm Team 2 forecast here.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
Dragic after Heat's win in Memphis
The Miami Heat were led by Goran Dragic's 19 points, five rebounds and five assists – through only three quarters of work.
MIAMI – Miami Selector Fiyah Yout who is known for his residence at Dubwise as well as his CD series entitled Global Medz, heads to Atlanta on July 14th to back Reggae star and recording artist Kabaka Pyramid for the artists launch of his new album Kontraband.
Set to take place at the Royal Peacock, Selector Fiyah Yout is eager to share his musical energy with fans who appreciate his diversity, musical knowledge and entertainment factor.
Speaking to media in advance of the Kontraband launch, Fiyah Yout said “fans in Atlanta have always shown love and given positive energy. They want to hear music they haven't heard in a while mixed with new flavors so Kabaka fans will get a pre-show, then the main show – two shows for the night!”
Joining Selector Fiyah Yout is industry legend Jah Prince from Sunsplash Media LLC who will also give fans pre-show selections. Kontraband is the first studio album from Kabaka Pyramid for his label and was executive produced by Stephen Marley and Damian ‘Jr. Gong' Marley.
Upcoming events and releases for Selector Fiyah Yout includes his July 11th residence at Dubwise Miami, the annual Global Medz (Vol. 4) compilation which will be made available July 23rd, 2018 with partner Juvenile via Fifty Kaliba Sound, and an exclusive mix of rising starlet Naomi Cowan's music. The mix is called ‘Paradise Plum' for the WrdSoundPwr imprint with Alpha Lion.
With $3,000 merely a blip in the rearview mirror, and $4,000 now vanquished, some of the bullish predictions out there for bitcoin may no longer be such a far-fetched fantasy.
The cryptocurrency BTCUSD, +3.52% was trading at about $4,217.80 on Monday, after shooting past the $4K mark a day earlier. Some said the move was due to Asian buyers bulking up on alternative investments amid some jitters over North Korea. Meanwhile, others attributed gains to hopes that transaction volumes for bitcoin will increase.
In any case, bitcoin seemed to be following in the same vein as last week's sprint to a record.
Independent analyst Ronnie Moas, who previously set his 2018 bitcoin price target at $5,000, said Monday he's upgrading that to $7,500. His 2027 price target of $50,000 remains unchanged, but said there could likely go up in the next two years and even get pushed forward to 2024-2026.
A Netscape moment for bitcoin: Moas said that in order for bitcoin to go from $4,177 (a level he was citing earlier on Monday) to $50,000 in 10 years would require 28% annual compounded growth. “I have gotten three times that in just the last six weeks with the 84% gain,” wrote Moas.
“It looks to me as though we are at the same point in the adoption curve as we were in 1995 when we went from one million internet users to 10 million. The following year the Netscape browser came online and we went from 10 million users to hundreds of millions of users overnight,” said Moas.
Moas, and others who are buying cryptocurrencies, are counting on growing acceptance. For example, in two years time, he expects there will be between 50 million and 100 million cryptocurrency users, versus around 10 million currently.
“We only have 0.15% market penetration right now — if that goes to 2% or 3% we will get to the $50,000 price target that I set at the beginning of July,” he said.
Read: HBO offers ‘Game of Thrones' hackers $250,000 in bitcoin
Moas wrote a 122-page report on cryptocurrency last month, in which he laid out that initial $5,000 price target for bitcoin, and predicted those digital currencies would steal market share from gold, metals, bonds and other currencies.
As for Monday's gains, at CoinDesk there was talk of pent-up demand coming through from investors who had been waiting to see how the so-called fork earlier this month panned out. Bitcoin Cash was the result of that fork, and a demand by bitcoin developers for a version of the crypotcurrency that lets miners process transactions faster.
Read: What is an ICO?
Thunder and lightning couldn't stop the fireworks show in Barrington on Tuesday night.
In fact, the lightning got in on the act.
An amazing video posted online by Diana Karley shows spectacular lightning bolts crossing the sky as several colorful fireworks explode around them.
“As usual, amazing job Barrington!!” wrote Karley, who said her daughter Morgan captured the captivating image.
© Gannett Co., Inc. 2018. All Rights Reserved
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Four decades in vineyards
For most who visit McLeish, the cellar door provides an opportunity to try our wines and meet the team. However, there's one team member who is very important to the business and few are given the pleasure of meeting him, and that's Ted, the trusty vineyard manager. Source, Border Chronicle.
""What is amazing is that whatever issues they are having at home, whatever is missing from their lives or causes them pain, our school is theirs""
Andria Zafirakou Winner, Global Teacher Prize
‘Steady supply of rocks' is major challenge for sea defence projects
In light of the rapid degradation and erosion of the country's coastline over the past few years, the Ministry of Public Infrastructure's Sea and River Defence Unit has undertaken a project to restore and fortify affected areas.
“In the sea and river defence sector, over the years, our major challenge has been a steady supply of rocks,” Chief Sea and River Defence Officer, Kevin Samad, said in an interview with the Department of Public Information.
According to Samad, a steady supply of boulders and rocks is required for this process. However, a shortage of these materials has affected project timelines and caused delays and drawbacks. The River and Defence official said the scarcity is due to the amount of infrastructural work ongoing in various sectors. These include several road constructions and upgrades, the CJIA expansion project and other domestic projects.
The Ministry, and by extension the Government, has recognised the shortfall and is addressing the obstacle.
Samad said finding additional sources is a “work in progress.” He added that all of the boulders and rocks are presently sourced from local quarry suppliers – BK International Quarry, Toolsie Persaud Quarries Inc, Baracara Quarry, Durban Quarry and Metallica Quarry.
Guyana's sea and river defences play a vital role in the protection of people, assets, livelihoods and the environment along the coastal belt. Given that most of the country's population resides in communities that lie below sea level, proper sea and river defence structures remain critical.
The Government, according to the ministry, has identified the protection of people and productive lands as a priority, as well as extending, upgrading and maintaining the system of sea and river defence infrastructure.
A database has been established by the Ministry of Public Infrastructure containing all the critical areas identified for upgrades. Some of these include Zeelandia, Belle Plaine and Leguan in Essequibo, Canefield and Crabwood Creek in Berbice and areas on the West and East Bank Demerara.
KIEV, Ukraine– A Russian journalist and critic of the Kremlin, reported to have been shot dead in Ukraine, showed up alive at a news conference on Wednesday to declare that his murder was faked by Ukrainian security services in an effort to foil an assassination plot against him.
In a stunning development, Arkady Babchenko, 41, walked into a room of journalists in Kiev who had been expecting to get an update on his slaying.
He apologized to his wife, Olechka — who on Tuesday was reported to have found him bleeding to death at his apartment — for the “hell” she had gone through. Ukrainian officials offered a jaw-dropping explanation for his so-called death: to expose a Russian plot against him.
Two people, suspected of being the person who ordered the hit and the potential assassin, are in the custody of the security services, spokeswoman for the Ukraine Prosecutor General, Larisa Sargan, said later Wednesday.
The elaborate ruse raised many questions. Chief among them, why was it necessary to go to such extraordinary lengths to expose the plot, who was in on it, and what did Olechka Babchenko really see when she found the bleeding body of her husband?
At the news conference on Wednesday, none of these was addressed. Instead, flanked by Ukranian security officials, wearing a hoodie and occasionally flashing a sheepish smile, Babchenko launched into an explanation of the ploy.
He said Ukranian officials first told him about the threat against him, and their elaborate plan to thwart it, a month ago.
Babchenko said he became convinced that Russian government agencies were involved in the alleged plot when he was shown his passport photo and personal documents, which he said could have been accessed by Russian special services.
“An offer was made to take part in this special operation,” Babchenko said. “I had no choice but to cooperate.”
The Security Service of Ukraine, or SBU, later revealed more details about the alleged plot. According to a statement released by the SBU, Russian special services recruited a Ukrainian citizen — identified only as “G” — who was tasked with finding, for a payment, perpetrators for a number of high-impact terrorist acts, including the assassination of Babchenko.
“He proposed to his friend, a former member of the ATO in the east of Ukraine, to execute, for $30,000, the contract kill on a Russian journalist, Arkady Babchenko. He has already transferred a deposit of $15,000,” said Vasyl Hrytsak.
According to the SBU, “G” also received a dossier on Babchenko with detailed information about his journalistic work and private life, including data on the target himself, his wife, children and parents. Information included phone numbers, bank account details and passport data, the SBU said.
“G” faces a number of accusations, including aiding in the commitment of a terrorist act and endangering the life or health of a person to violate public safety. A pretrial investigation is underway.
‘Anti-Russian provocation'
Only a day earlier, Ukranian authorities claimed they had launched an investigation into Babchenko's death and even released a sketch of the suspected killer.
Police claimed he was shot in the back and died in an ambulance, citing his friend and supervisor, Ayder Muzhdabaev, deputy general manager of Ukrainian TV channel ATR. Ukraine blamed Russia for his “death.”
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko congratulated security services on a “brilliant operation” in “saving the life” of Babchenko. On his official Twitter account, Poroshenko said Ukrainian law enforcement agencies are becoming “stronger in counteraction to Russian aggression.” He later met Babchenko, embracing the journalist, and posted footage of the encounter on Twitter.
The affair seemed unlikely to improve the frosty relations between Russia and Ukraine.
In a statement, the Russian Foreign Ministry described the operation as “obviously calculated propaganda” and “anti-Russian provocation.”
“We state that the questions of life and death in Ukraine, as well as the international community's confidence in Ukraine's policy, are nothing more than bargaining chips for the anti-Russian hysteria of the Kiev regime,” the statement said.
Vladimir Dzhabarov, Deputy Chairman of the International Affairs Committee of Russian Federation Council, told state media outlet RIA Novosti that Kiev is now “disgraced in the eyes of the whole world.”
‘I apologize for what you had to go through'
During the news conference Wednesday, Babchenko thanked the Ukrainian security services for saving his life. He also apologized to his wife and all those who believed he had been killed — but said the secrecy had been unavoidable.
“I would like to apologize for what you all had to go through … because I've buried friends and colleagues many times, and I know it's a sickening-vomiting feeling when you have to bury your colleagues,” he said. “Also I would like to apologize to my wife for the hell she went through in those two days. Olechka, I'm sorry, but there were no options here, either.”
He described how he first claimed to have broken his leg and then was requested to “disappear somewhere” in the weeks leading up to the staged murder, in a bid to thwart the assassins.
Speaking to CNN, a journalist and colleague of Babchenko, Simon Ostrovsky, described Wednesday's revelation as “totally shocking and unprecedented.”
“For those of us who know Arkady personally, this is something that we're going to have to process for a little while longer,” he said.
Kateryna Lisunova, an acquaintance of Babchenko who works in New York as a special correspondent for Ukrainian television station Pryamiy, was in the ATR newsroom in Kiev to watch the news conference and posted a video on Facebook of people clapping, cheering and jumping as Babchenko appeared.
The Committee to Protect Journalists, which had earlier decried Babchenko's “murder,” expressed relief that he was alive but demanded answers from the Ukranian authorities. “We are relieved that Arkady Babchenko is alive,” said Nina Ognianova, CPJ's Europe and Central Asia program coordinator. “Ukrainian authorities must now disclose what necessitated the extreme measure of staging news of the Russian journalist's murder.”
Babchenko ‘no longer felt safe' in Russia
News of the apparent murder had stunned Kiev on Tuesday. Shortly after Babchenko's death was announced, Moscow and Kiev began blaming each other for the killing of the journalist, who is a vocal critic of the Kremlin and left Russia in 2017, saying he no longer felt safe.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman implied Russia had orchestrated the “killing” of Babchenko, while Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov dismissed that idea and slammed Ukraine as an unsafe place for journalists to work.
On Wednesday Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said the affair was a propaganda exercise by Ukraine, but that she was happy Babchenko was alive.
Babchenko left Russia after he criticized the Kremlin in a Facebook post in 2017.
He faced backlash after commenting on the crash of a Russian plane transporting the world-famous military choir Alexandrov Ensemble en route to Syria. They were traveling to perform for pilots involved in Russia's air campaign on Aleppo.
Babchenko called Russia an aggressor, and accused the country of killing children in its air support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
Agnes Obel, a Danish singer and writer of deeply alluring music, brought her work into what you could call its opposite — an office in the daylight. While the setting is a bit contrary to her carefully plotted, vocally dense songs, she mapped out a strategy which included her own reverb and monitor mix in the (successful, I think) hope of giving the Tiny Desk an aesthetic more suitable to these focused and powerful songs.
And so, today we have Agnes Obel performing three songs from the enchanting Citizen of Glass alongside her band — keeping it sonically spare with just the right touch of keyboard and cello.
Citizens of Glass is available now. (iTunes) (Amazon)
Set List
"It's Happening Again"
"Golden Green"
"Stone"
Musicians
Agnes Obel (vocals, keys); Charlotte Danhier (keys, backup vocals); Kristina Koropecki (cello, backup vocals); Marianne Lewandowski (backup vocals, percussion)
Credits
Producers: Bob Boilen, Niki Walker; Audio Engineer: Josh Rogosin; Videographers: Niki Walker, Becky Harlan, Nicole Boliaux; Production Assistant: Jenny Gathright; Photo: Raquel Zaldivar/NPR.
For more Tiny Desk concerts, subscribe to our podcast.
Honee founder and CEO Matt Jones
Honee founder and CEO, Matt Jones, admits he knows way too much about the beauty industry. He chuckles when asked how and why he finds himself immersed in the beauty and wellness space - and the reason behind his mission to help digitise the industry.
“There are some serious problems in the beauty industry. Nothing is digitised. No one has a website and a third of bookings happen outside of opening hours, so if they don't have online bookings, they are missing out on a third of their business,” Jones tells CIO Australia.
In order to make a difference, Jones hatched Honee, a tech start-up that's propelling the beauty and wellness industry into the digital age. The end-to-end booking service and online shopfront - which offers 200,000 services - aims to revolutionise the way beauty, fitness and wellness companies do business, through connecting everyday consumers with venues in their surrounding communities.
Essentially, Honee aims to make it easy to find wellness, beauty and fitness venues in Melbourne and Sydney by providing customers with accurate and up-to-date information on venues, as well as helping businesses promote their brands and find new clients. It also aims to help salons get access to actionable feedback, save time and drive rebookings.
Jones said Honee has simplified the process for businesses by allowing customers to book, pay, cancel and review directly through the platform, taking a load off salon owners and their employees. It also enables salons to build a comprehensive digital marketing strategy and to take steps towards transforming their businesses.
“It's a brutally hard place to do business, so we really wanted to help these people,” Jones said, explaining the service is now resonating with users - particularly 'regular' salon customers - and businesses alike.
Of 10,000 salons across Sydney and Melbourne surveyed by the Honee team, less than 40 per cent had a web presence and 0.2 per cent of bookings is made online.
Jones said the beauty and wellness industry - unlike other industries - has been slow to adopt transformational change and to make any real significant inroads in the digital age. But he wanted to change all that - and act as a bridge between people looking for a service and those who offer it, and make the journey across that bridge as easy as possible.
Already, the company is celebrating a major milestone, boasting it's on track to hit $1 million a week in transaction volume. Its traffic has doubled in the past 3 months, and there's an increase from 50,000 to 100,000 users per month.
Getting started
So how did it all being? Jones - a commercial banker for ANZ for about seven years - said he was always destined for an entrepreneurial life, but never dreamed the beauty business was in the cards.
“I always had startups in my blood. During university I nearly failed two degrees from doing two different startups, rather than actually studying. I made quite a bit of money from that. I then eventually wrapped it up and focused on uni and followed the corporate path.
“But I had an idea in my head and I couldn't get it out. So I ended up leaving ANZ and went and did a startup. Of course, as you do, I failed miserably and burnt through all of my savings. It was a nice idea, but it definitely wasn't a good business.”
From there, he realised he needed to be surrounded by people who were successful. “People who were killing it and doing really well. So I joined Delivery Hero when it was early for them in Australia.”
From there, he ventured overseas, working in Berlin for Delivery Hero, and then headed across to Singapore to work for another start up, Quandoo Live, which developed a table reservation app.
He eventually joined Zomato, a restaurant search and discovery service founded in 2008 by Indian entrepreneurs Deepinder Goyal and Pankaj Chaddah. It currently operates in 23 countries, including Australia and the US.
“In chatting with Deepinder and Pankaj, the founders, I realised we were a really good match. I went over to India and met them - and thought this was a huge opportunity.”
Back in Australia, he helped Zomato with the acquisition of Urbanspoon. “Zomato bought Urbanspoon for $70 million and they needed someone who's done this before. I had re trained sales team after acquisitions. I had done a lot of this previously and I was probably the most prominent food tech guy in Australia.
“We launched about seven verticals. Got 10 million users a month - and we did this all in less than 12 months. It was hugely successful.”
At that point, he - and his team - realised they had to venture out on their own.
“We were making everyone else rich, but ourselves. So that's when we decided to look at other opportunities. It didn't take long. Basically my hairdresser convinced me to do something for his industry. And that's how Honee got started.”
Never looked back
Initially, the Honee concept started as a discovery platform - and the team physically walked the streets.
“We covered 10,000 square kilometres across Melbourne and Sydney. We found 10,000 salons like literally walking down every street. We had an app, we got their GPS coordinates, menus, clients, descriptions, inside and outside photos. We got pretty much everything you needed for a user to find a great treatment, and we stuck it all online.” At first, the concept wasn't generating revenue.
But eventually, the company found its niche and worked to alleviate some of the challenges associated with the beauty industry, from users struggling to find venues to a lack of digital marketing know-how by countless beauty and wellness operations.
“We didn't realise it was this bad, but when we compared our database to Google, 60 per cent of the venues on our platform couldn't be found anywhere else on the Internet. So right away we found ourselves in this position where we became the ‘web presence' for the beauty industry.”
In addition to helping users, Honee has also enabled salons to market to thousands of consumers, by providing them with information that helps leverage their customer relationship and grow their business.
“Many salon owners drop $1 million on a really good location (on Chapel Street or George Street) for a fit out, but the average lifespan is only ten months,” he said, explaining businesses are so prone to collapse for a variety of reasons, and need help building one-on-one customer relationships.
“In the space of four months, we can take a salon with online bookings and get 40 per cent of their regular customers booking online. It's saving them 60 hours a month on the phones.”
The platform also offers business advice. An AI-powered chatbot and business information service ‘Nectar' lets business owners ask a number of different questions about their business and receive an answer immediately.
Going global
Asked his next steps, Jones said he's trying to raise capital in the US, and is looking for partners to help it grow internationally.
“Australia isn't a big market. It's $10 billion. We can carve that out over the next few years in multiple cities. It will grow. We already have a strong presence in Melbourne and Sydney. So the next markets we need are Los Angeles and some of the more sophisticated beauty markets including Singapore, Hong Kong, Dubai and Delhi.
“I don't want to give it all away, but we have some pretty strong partners helping with our APAC expansion,” he said, revealing Zomato is helping Honee with its growth plans.
And while he's looking to expand the business globally, he loves the exciting and frenzied start up atmosphere in Australia, particularly with the rise of the incubators, accelerator programs and the injection of government funding over the last two years.
“It's now very well networked. The Aussie market is second to none. I truly believe that in terms of being able to get in front of people. You go to Silicon Valley and you really need warm intros, but over here, it's very easy to get in front of venture capitals. All of the VCs are incredibly connected and there are a couple of hubs.
“There are more incubators and accelerator programs per capita in Australia than any other country in the world - and that's largely due to the government support backing funding and a lot of people just wanting to help out, give back to the community, and are setting up incubators.”
No doubt, he loves living and breathing life as an entrepreneur. “I wouldn't do anything else. I love it. It's addictive. It is work-life integration. It really is. It is time on the weekends. It is seven days a week, 18 to 19 hours a day. It is a constant challenge.
“It's hectic, but I'm a problem solver at heart. I grew up in the age where we'd build computers. We'd go to a computer swap meet and we'd find motherboards, we'd find hard drives. We'd stick it all together, and by default nothing worked. You had to figure it out for yourself.
“You had to do whatever it took to get these things working. That's my life. I just solve problems and the bigger the problem, the bigger the challenge - and the more ambitious I get. And the beauty market is $3 trillion and I can't wait to solve its problems - there are so many.”
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
PETA is getting in on the action after Drake made headlines for switching up his diet and going vegetarian. The animal rights group is not only requesting that OVO's frontman take things a step further by dissolving his relationship with Canada Goose, they sent him a gift basket full of “Passionfruit” and other vegan treats.
Things got spicy in the letter from PETA to the 6 God. It reads as follows:
“Dear Drake,
We're so happy that your animal-friendly eating is making headlines, and we wanted to send you a little something to ensure that you take care and thrive forever with a healthy, compassionate plant-based lifestyle.
As you likely know, by ditching meat, you're helping to reduce your risk of suffering from cancer, obesity, heart disease, and diabetes. And going meat-free can give you more energy and even prolong your life expectancy. It's also good for the environment and, of course, spares animals being tortured and killed for your taste buds. Since you've made the great, kind, and forward-thinking choice not to eat animals, please, please, please, take one more step: Stop wearing them, and end October's Very Own's partnership with cruel company Canada Goose immediately.
Canada Goose touts a fake love for the environment yet kills ducks and geese for their down and uses painful steel traps to catch wild coyotes—who pray to make it back in one piece to their families but instead suffer and are killed in horrible ways so that their fur can go around someone's neck. This senseless violence for the sake of a jacket is definitely not part of God's Plan.
Please, find your heart, because fur is over and animals need your love. And please enjoy this basket of passionfruit, Beyond Burgers, and other vegan goodies—we promise that they'll be the best you've ever had.
With hope,
Andrew Bernstein and the PETA Team”
The move was announced on the first full day of matches. This U.S. Open warmup has now lost five of the top six players in the men's ranking…
BEIJING: China's Ant Financial has sweetened its bid for MoneyGram International Inc. by over a third, beating a rival offer to gain approval from the US electronic payment firm's board, although it still faces regulatory hurdles.
Ant's plans to expand globally with the acquisition of one of the biggest firms in remittances hit a major snag last month when US-based Euronet Worldwide Inc. made an unsolicited offer and openly lobbied US lawmakers, saying Ant's proposal created a national security risk.
The finance affiliate of e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. hiked its bid 36 percent to $18 per share in cash, valuing MoneyGram at around $1.2 billion.
The new offer handily beats the $15.20 per share proposed by Euronet and represents a 9 percent premium to MoneyGram's last traded share price on Thursday. Euronet declined to comment on Ant's fresh bid. MoneyGram's global remittance channels for sending money overseas would help Ant build a cross-border network after a string of recent investments in Asia. But the deal must first clear the Committee on Foreign Investment (CFIUS), which looks at acquisitions for national security risks.
CFIUS has been a stumbling block for several Chinese deals in the US and a deal with Euronet is likely to be more agreeable to US policymakers amid rising tensions between Washington and Beijing over trade and foreign policy.
Analysts said, however, that while CFIUS could certainly hold up any agreement, it was not necessarily a deal-breaker given MoneyGram is likely to push for the deal given the sweetened offer.
“CFIUS may lengthen the process...I do not think CFIUS would be a deal killer,” said Jeffrey Sun, a Shanghai-based partner with law firm Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe.
Euronet has said Chinese ownership could compromise the relationship between law enforcement and MoneyGram when investigating money laundering and “terrorist financing.”
Ant has sought to allay those fears, reiterating on Monday that any data collected on MoneyGram users in the US will continue to reside on US-based servers and that MoneyGram will operate as an independent unit.
Ant and MoneyGram said in a joint statement they have made progress toward obtaining regulatory approvals, including winning US antitrust clearance and are confident the deal will close this year.
The news comes one day after sources said China's Anbang Insurance Group would let a plan acquire US annuities and life insurer Fidelity & Guaranty Life for $1.6 billion lapse, after failing to secure necessary regulatory approvals.
While Anbang's acquisition had received clearance from CFIUS it could not get past some US state regulators.
Other analysts noted that Ant was likely to already have Chinese regulators on-side given the high-profile nature of the deal.
“I assume there are reassurances being given,” said Zhi Ying Ng, a Singapore-based senior analyst at Forrester.
Dallas-based MoneyGram provides services in 350,000 locations across 200 countries and would be Ant's first major acquisition in the West.
A deal would follow recent Ant investments in payment firms in India, Thailand, South Korea and the Philippines. Last Wednesday, Ant and Indonesia's Elang Mahkota Teknologi (Emtek) agreed to launch a joint venture to roll out mobile payments in Indonesia.
Ant, which is planning an initial public offering (IPO), was valued at around $60 billion in mid-2016, according to a source familiar with the matter.
It has since had another financing round, which raised $3 billion, a separate source said, although latest valuations were not immediately available.
BEIJING: China's Ant Financial has sweetened its bid for MoneyGram International Inc. by over a third, beating a rival offer to gain approval from the US electronic payment firm's board, although it still faces regulatory hurdles.
Ant's plans to expand globally with the acquisition of one of the biggest firms in remittances hit a major snag last month when US-based Euronet Worldwide Inc. made an unsolicited offer and openly lobbied US lawmakers, saying Ant's proposal created a national security risk.
The finance affiliate of e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. hiked its bid 36 percent to $18 per share in cash, valuing MoneyGram at around $1.2 billion.
The new offer handily beats the $15.20 per share proposed by Euronet and represents a 9 percent premium to MoneyGram's last traded share price on Thursday. Euronet declined to comment on Ant's fresh bid. MoneyGram's global remittance channels for sending money overseas would help Ant build a cross-border network after a string of recent investments in Asia. But the deal must first clear the Committee on Foreign Investment (CFIUS), which looks at acquisitions for national security risks.
CFIUS has been a stumbling block for several Chinese deals in the US and a deal with Euronet is likely to be more agreeable to US policymakers amid rising tensions between Washington and Beijing over trade and foreign policy.
Analysts said, however, that while CFIUS could certainly hold up any agreement, it was not necessarily a deal-breaker given MoneyGram is likely to push for the deal given the sweetened offer.
“CFIUS may lengthen the process...I do not think CFIUS would be a deal killer,” said Jeffrey Sun, a Shanghai-based partner with law firm Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe.
Euronet has said Chinese ownership could compromise the relationship between law enforcement and MoneyGram when investigating money laundering and “terrorist financing.”
Ant has sought to allay those fears, reiterating on Monday that any data collected on MoneyGram users in the US will continue to reside on US-based servers and that MoneyGram will operate as an independent unit.
Ant and MoneyGram said in a joint statement they have made progress toward obtaining regulatory approvals, including winning US antitrust clearance and are confident the deal will close this year.
The news comes one day after sources said China's Anbang Insurance Group would let a plan acquire US annuities and life insurer Fidelity & Guaranty Life for $1.6 billion lapse, after failing to secure necessary regulatory approvals.
While Anbang's acquisition had received clearance from CFIUS it could not get past some US state regulators.
Other analysts noted that Ant was likely to already have Chinese regulators on-side given the high-profile nature of the deal.
“I assume there are reassurances being given,” said Zhi Ying Ng, a Singapore-based senior analyst at Forrester.
Dallas-based MoneyGram provides services in 350,000 locations across 200 countries and would be Ant's first major acquisition in the West.
A deal would follow recent Ant investments in payment firms in India, Thailand, South Korea and the Philippines. Last Wednesday, Ant and Indonesia's Elang Mahkota Teknologi (Emtek) agreed to launch a joint venture to roll out mobile payments in Indonesia.
Ant, which is planning an initial public offering (IPO), was valued at around $60 billion in mid-2016, according to a source familiar with the matter.
It has since had another financing round, which raised $3 billion, a separate source said, although latest valuations were not immediately available.
Harry Redknapp has revealed he agreed to become Birmingham's new manager after getting "fed up" with his time out of football.
The 70-year-old has been confirmed as Gianfranco Zola's successor, and will be assisted by former Bristol City manager Steve Cotterill as he bids to preserve their Championship status.
Zola's run of only two wins from 24 fixtures has left the club 20th and only three points above the relegation zone with three games to play, but Redknapp told TalkSport: "I got fed up sitting around doing nothing. I will come and live up here until the end of the season.
"If I can keep them up then we can sit down and talk about going forward.
"I got a phone call last night from the people at Birmingham.
"I drove to London, had a meeting for 10 to 15 minutes, sat down and said 'Yeah, I will do it, no problem'. I got home and my wife said: 'Are you mad?"'
"Birmingham is a proper club. It is a good club. They are in a precarious position and we have got the worst goal difference as well.
"I've gone in there, said I will come and do it. The money I am not interested in."
OFFICIAL: The Club is delighted to announce the appointment of Harry Redknapp as our new manager. #BCFC pic.twitter.com/kB1oirZz4s — Birmingham City FC (@BCFC) April 18, 2017
Birmingham fans chanted for Zola's departure during Monday's 2-0 defeat by Burton, after which the Italian resigned.
The club's season began promisingly under new Derby manager Gary Rowett, who led them into contention for promotion before unexpectedly being sacked and replaced by Zola.
Redknapp's last job in English football came at Derby last season, when he worked as a football advisor alongside then-manager Darren Wassall.
He also worked with the Jordan national team for two games, but was last a manager in England with QPR, who he left in 2015 after guiding them to promotion to the Premier League at the first attempt. In a previous spell in the Championship he inspired Portsmouth to the 2003 title.
His first match as manager comes at cross-city rivals Aston Villa on Sunday. They then host promotion contenders Huddersfield, and visit the similarly relegation-threatened Bristol City.
PARIS — French police say a young girl was killed and at least five people were injured when a driver slammed his car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in a small town east of Paris.
An official with the national gendarme service said the driver was arrested soon after the incident Monday night in the town of Sept-Sorts.
One official gave the girl's age as 8, while another said she was 12 and up to eight people were injured.
The official said it is unclear whether the act was deliberate. The official was not authorized to be publicly named according to police policy.
Speaking about his memories of the incident recently , Southgate said: "I was a volunteer, really [in Euro '96]. The type of character I was, I felt you should put yourself forward. It is probably braver not to, if you are not confident."
Follow @insidefutbol
Fixture: Leeds United vs Wolverhampton Wanderers
Competition: Championship
Kick-off: 15:00 (UK time)
Leeds United have officially announced their starting eleven and substitutes to host Wolves at Elland Road in a Championship fixture.
Garry Monk's men drew 1-1 at St. James' Park against Newcastle United on Good Friday and are bidding to take all three points today to further push their claims to finish in the playoff spots.
The Whites remain without the suspended Liam Cooper, while centre-back Pontus Jansson is walking a tightrope with 14 bookings to his name already; a 15th would mean a three-match ban.
Monk has Rob Green between the sticks, while Luke Ayling and Gaetano Berardi are the full-backs. Jansson and Bartley team up in the heart of defence. The two in front of the back four are Liam Bridcutt and Kalvin Phillips, while Kemar Roofe, Pablo Hernandez and Alfonso Pedraza tuck in behind Chris Wood.
On the bench, Monk has Eunan O'Kane if he needs to try to control possession more in the game, while Souleymane Doukara is an attacking option. Ronaldo Vieira is not in the squad due to illness.
Leeds United Team vs Wolverhampton Wanderers
Green, Ayling, Bartley, Jansson, Berardi, Bridcutt, Phillips, Roofe, Hernandez, Pedraza, Wood
Substitutes: Peacock-Farrell, Taylor, Coyle, O'Kane, Sacko, Dallas, Doukara
Images painted in the tomb of a royal palace official believed to be known as “Hetpet.” Charlene Gubash / NBC News
- Advertisement -
The tomb was discovered during an excavation mission in the Giza western cemetery region, which has been known to house the burial sites of former royal palace officials. Archaeologists have been excavating the site for more than 170 years.
In a statement announcing the discovery, Egypt's Antiquities Ministry said the tomb's architecture and decorative style date back to the Fifth Dynasty during the period known as the Old Kingdom.
The archaeological mission was lead by Egypt's secretary general of antiquities, Dr. Mostafa Wazir.
I told you so.
I'm sorry, maybe that's petty, but I can't help it. For over a month now, I've felt like a man caught in a feedback loop, doomed to joust till the end of time with readers upset with me for writing that I would boycott the hit reboot of Roseanne Barr's eponymous sitcom because of her support for that sentient sack of racism and misogyny who serves as president. People who don't value equality, I wrote “– and I'm sorry, but if you support Donald Trump, then no, you do not — have nothing to say to me.”
That stand brought rebuke from a number of Trump voters, including a certain Florida senator. It also drew reproof from non-Trump voters, who lectured me about cutting off an avenue of understanding and for acting as if a vote for Trump was a de facto vote for racism and misogyny. (Which, by the way, it was.)
So maybe you'll forgive me for feeling vindicated by news that Barr's show was just canceled by ABC. The reason? She tweeted the following racist and Islamophobic abuse at former Obama administration official Valerie Jarrett, an African-American born in Iran: “muslim brotherhood and planet of the apes had a babyvj.”
For Barr, you see, Americans born in Iran are terrorists. And African-Americans are talking apes.
These are old canards by which no Muslim or black person is likely to be surprised. That's not to say one becomes inured to it, only that we have our patriotism and humanity derided on a daily basis, so it's hardly new. The only difference here is that the offender is a celebrity who supports the mistake in the White House.
My folks used to say that when you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas. That's a truism ABC sought to flout, gambling that it could reap the riches “Roseanne” represented without being touched by the star's propensity for Trump-centric conspiracies and bigoted sentiments. That gamble just blew up in the network's face.
The moral of the story is glaringly clear: Stop trying to normalize this stuff. That's what hiring Barr amounted to. But ABC is hardly alone.
Consider all the plaintive laments clogging my email queue talking about the need to “understand” Trump voters. Consider all the tortured think pieces on how smug liberals are overlooking the “forgotten people.” And almost two years after the election, how many more Trump voter panels do we need to see on cable news?
There is no mystery here. Trump is president because Obama was, and because there were many people for whom that fact was apocalyptic. It's no coincidence David Duke loves this man, white people chant his name to taunt black ones, and hate crimes spiked during the campaign.
Related Articles Pitts: How morality in the modern era is often shrunken and cramped
Pitts: What exactly do you stand for, Marco Rubio? It's hard to tell Yet some seek to flatten that barbed truth into a harmless TV fiction that will forgive us our original American sin. We are asked to treat intolerance as just another color on the diversity rainbow. It is not.
And the chasm between Trump voters and the rest of us will not be bridged, cannot be bridged, because it is the gap between being treated like a human being — and not. These bizarre times will not tolerate mealy-mouthed platitudes and weaselly equivocation on that point. These times demand to know who you are and what you believe. You can't run from that. You can't split the difference. As ABC just learned to its chagrin, when you fail to make that choice, you make that choice.
Now “Roseanne” returns to the TV boneyard as its star apologizes for a “joke” of ostracization and dehumanization. Oh, and it turns out she's a supporter of Donald Trump?
Don't you dare act surprised.
Leonard Pitts is a Miami Herald columnist.
The NCAA women's basketball tournament has — so far — been a bit of a whirlwind. Here are three things you may have missed in the first three days of action (play resumes on Monday night).
1. Cinderellas everywhere: 12-seed Florida Gulf Coast upset 5-seed Missouri, 11-seed Buffalo sent 6-seed South Florida home, 11-seed Creighton beat 6-seed Iowa and 11-seed Central Michigan stunned 6-seed LSU.
"We're just putting our name on the map to let people know we are not just a soft, mid-major team. We can compete with the best of the best." — China Dow (12) @FGCU_WBB upsets (5) Mizzou: https://t.co/xCBd6bhhqw pic.twitter.com/NHoq1HfdRU — NCAA Women's BKB (@ncaawbb) March 18, 2018
One person who wasn't surprised about the Cinderellas? UConn coach Geno Auriemma.
“I'm not surprised that a lot of those lower-seeded teams won. I'm not surprised at all. I've seen a lot of those teams play,” he told reporters on Sunday. “When the brackets came out we looked at each other — a bunch of us — and we went ‘that's not an easy game right there. They might think it is, but that's not an easy game.' I just said something to Kara Lawson about that — some of the mid-major schools, they play a style of play that the big programs aren't accustomed to.
“I'm not surprised that Florida Gulf Coast won. If you've ever seen them play in person, you know why they won. I'm not surprised Central Michigan won or Buffalo won or Quinnipiac won. I'm not surprised at all. All you have to do is watch them play.”
2. This game-winner from Chennedy Carter, which is incredible on its own and capped an impressive comeback: The Aggies were down by 17 in the third quarter before Carter carried them past DePaul. Carter finished with 37 points — 32 of which were scored in the second half.
CHENNEDY CARTER FOR PRESIDENT sdaojghadslkhglkadsjglkadjsglks pic.twitter.com/bCGBhx8vt3 — NCAA Women's BKB (@ncaawbb) March 18, 2018
3. Oregon State stuns Tennessee
The 6-seed Oregon State handed 3-seed Tennessee their first loss at home in the NCAA tournament.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
As small and big cities and counties grapple with attacks in a changing digital landscape, going it alone may not be enough.
Optus has quickly followed the lead of Telstra in its move to offer “remedies” to more than 8,700 of its customers who were misled about maximum speeds they could achieve on certain Optus National Broadband Network (NBN) plans.
According to the Australian consumer watchdog, Optus offered NBN services to consumers advertising a range of speed plans between 1 September 2015 and 30 June 2017.
These included a so-called “Boost Max”, which advertised maximum download speeds of up to 100 megabits per second (Mbps) and maximum upload speeds of up to 40 Mbps (100/40 Mbps).
According to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC), however, technical limitations on the customers' fibre-to-the-node (FttN) or fibre-to-the-building (FttB) NBN connections meant the customers could not get the speeds that were advertised.
The proposed compensation is part of a court-enforceable undertaking to the Australian consumer watchdog detailing the remedies it will provide to affected customers, including refunds, moving speed plans, discounted speed plans, and exit from contracts without paying a fee.
The court-enforceable undertaking also requires Optus to check within four weeks of connecting a customer to a new NBN speed plan that they are getting the advertised speeds they are paying for.
Optus said it would be contacting affected consumers on or before 2 March 2018 by email or letter.
“Optus is the second major internet provider we have taken action against for selling broadband speeds they could not deliver to their customers,” ACCC chairman, Rod Sims, said.
“Worryingly, many affected Optus FttN customers could not even receive the maximum speed of a lower-tier plan. This is a concerning trend we have seen throughout the industry and we are working to fix this,” he said.
According to the ACCC, 5,430 – or 48 per cent – Optus FttN consumers on a 100/40 Mbps plan could not receive 100/40 Mbps, and 2,337 – 21 per cent – of those consumers could not receive 50/20 Mbps.
Meanwhile, 1,519 Optus FttN consumers on a 50/20 Mbps plan could not receive 50/20 Mbps and 1,381 Optus FttN consumers on a 25/5 Mbps plan could not receive 25/5 Mbps.
The ACCC said that Optus had admitted that by promoting and offering speed plans that could not be delivered, it likely contravened the Australian Consumer Law (ACL) by “engaging in misleading or deceptive conduct and making false or misleading representations”.
“Optus acknowledges that it did not have the appropriate procedures in place to confirm the speed of the NBN service at the time of purchase by affected customers,” a spokesperson for the telco said in a statement.
“We apologise to customers who have been affected by this error and are putting a process in place to rectify this issue.
“We have been working cooperatively with the ACCC to remediate affected customers for differences between their chosen speed plan and the speed obtained,” it said.
The court-enforceable undertaking comes just over a month after the ACCC revealed that about 42,000 Telstra and Belong NBN customers would be receiving compensation after the telco admitted to misleading customers with its maximum speed claims.
ACCC commenced an investigation when Telstra notified the consumer watchdog that approximately 9,000 of its customers on 100/40 Mbps and 50/20 Mbps plans could not receive speeds above the next lower speed plan.
The ACCC revealed plans in July to take legal action by the end of the year against telcos that are found to have misled consumers over broadband speed claims.
The move to take such cases to court came as the ACCC decided to put Australia's internet service providers (ISPs) in the crosshairs with its program to monitor the country's broadband speeds and crack down on dodgy speed claims by network resellers.
“We'll have a few cases in court by the end of the year,” ACCC chairman, Rod Sims, told the ABC's Peter Ryan on 20 July. “But we want to make sure that we solve this problem; we want to bring about broader change within the industry, and give better information to consumers.”
Sims revealed At the time that the ACCC was focused squarely on the four largest players in the local market: Telstra, Optus, Vocus and TPG.
“We're really focusing on the big ones. If we find a small one doing something dreadful, of course we'll take action as well, but the four biggest players are 90 per cent of this market,” he said. “The main focus will be on Telstra, Optus, Vocus and TPG.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Valentine's Day is coming up soon, and that apparently means it's time for phone sales... who knew. Anyhow, Lenovorola will take $150 off the price of a brand new Moto Z2 Play starting on Sunday, February 4. That means you would only have to pay $349.99, which isn't too bad.
If you need a refresher, be sure to check out our review of the Z2 Play. For $350, you get a 5.5" 1080p AMOLED display Snapdragon 626, 32GB of storage, 3GB of RAM, a fingerprint sensor, 12MP/5MP cameras, and a 3,000mAh battery. All told, pretty good.
Also starting on February 4, Moto Mods will get a 25% price reduction for Valentine's Day, and Moto Z2 Force purchasers will get a free Alexa mod. Motorola does not specify how long this sale will last, but I'd wager it ends on February 15 or so. You can see all of what Moto will have on offer at the source link below.
Naas Traffic Corps today stopped a motorist “several times” over the limit on the road.
The car was also unisured.
The vehicle was seized and a court appearance is to follow.
Cell phone video appears to show the moment a man detonated a pipe bomb inside the Port Authority bus terminal subway station Monday morning.
see also Suicide bomber strikes Port Authority An ISIS-inspired suicide bomber set off a homemade explosive device...
The footage of a Port Authority surveillance camera monitor shows commuters walking through a narrow hall on the way to the A, C and E trains moments before the blast.
“It's the guy in the hoodie,” one off-camera voice can be heard saying, referring to the suspect as he enters the frame.
Then, an apparent explosion can be seen, knocking down commuters as a ball of smoke rushes down the passageway toward the camera.
As the dust clears, a single body can be seen lying on the floor.
Having your local team in the Super Bowl is nothing to sneeze at — but it could leave residents with a nasty bout of the flu.
This year's flu season is set to be one of the worst on record. The outbreak is already responsible for the deaths of 37 children, and more are expected over the coming weeks, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. And more people have seen the doctor or been hospitalized because of the flu than in years past. Outpatient visits because of the flu have skyrocketed, eclipsing every season except 2009-2010 when the swine flu strain led to a global pandemic.
But for people who live in Boston and Philadelphia, whose teams are facing off in the Super Bowl on Sunday, matters could soon get a whole lot worse. A 2016 study from researchers at Tulane University found that there is an 18% increase in influenza deaths for people over the age of 65 in cities where the local team is playing in the Super Bowl following the game. This occurs because people in those cities are more likely to congregate or travel to enjoy the game and cheer on their hometown team.
And the effect the Super Bowl has on the prevalence of the flu in Boston and Philadelphia might be more pronounced this year because of how virulent this year's flu strain is.
Don't miss: This is how much it will cost Americans to host a Super Bowl party
People in Minneapolis, which is playing host to the big game this year, may not need to worry as much. The study found that host cities generally don't see an uptick in flu cases or deaths as a result of the Super Bowl — though that's in part because the game is played more often in warmer climates, which aren't as good of breeding grounds for the flu. Business owners in Minneapolis have already begun preparing to keep visitors to the city healthy this weekend.
And fans in Boston and Philadelphia can protect themselves, too. Getting the flu shot is highly recommended by public health officials — but doing that alone might not be enough to avoid the flu due to a mutation in the virus that made this year's vaccine less effective.
For Americans planning to attend Super Bowl events or parties, they should be sure to wash their hands frequently — especially before reaching into that communal bowl of chips or nuts — and don't drink from someone else's glass accidentally. And don't forget about the little ones: Parents should wash their children's hands frequently and know the symptoms of the flu so they can get them treated as quickly as possible if they do get sick.
We've seen so many trick shots in recent years that they've started to all run together. Even Wesley Bryan, one of the best trick-shot artists in the world, has moved on and is now winning PGA Tour events instead. Good choice.
RELATED: The best Wesley Bryan trick shots
And with such glut of these types of clips, sadly, it seems like trick shots that happen unintentionally or end up failing miserably -- and painfully -- are the ones that go viral these days. And there's not a more painful fail than taking a driver to the unmentionables.
Check out this video from our friends at Barstool Sports' Fore Play Podcast. Or don't. This looks like it hurt. A lot.
Loading View on Instagram
RELATED: This might be the best unintentional trick shot ever
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
A teenager from Edinburgh who was traced yesterday after being registered missing has now died.
Blake Ross, 13, was reported missing from the Howdenhall area at about 3.15pm on Saturday.
Local officers launched a missing person investigation and he was subsequently discovered on a Lothian Bus at about 4pm on yesterday, having taken unwell.
Blake was known to live with an underlying health condition and was taken to the Sick Kids Hospital where he sadly passed away at about 9pm yesterday.
His death is currently being treated as unexplained and inquiries are continuing.
Superintendent Lesley Clark of Edinburgh Division said: “This is a tragic death of a young boy and our thoughts are with Blake's family at this very difficult time.
“In the coming days and weeks we will be working with our relevant partners to support his loved ones and provide them with all the necessary support and assistance they require.
“In addition, we will be continuing to conduct our investigation to establish the full circumstances surrounding Blake's death and submit our findings to the Procurator Fiscal.
“Our inquiries are ongoing and we would ask anyone with information regarding Blake's movements between the afternoon of Saturday 11th February and Monday 13th February to contact us on 101.”
Dale Earnhardt Jr. is known for his awesomely unique helmet designs, which usually include some type of skeleton or skull.
The No. 88 Chevrolet driver – who is retiring from full-time racing at the end of the season – was asked about the different designs of his helmets during his press conference at Charlotte Motor Speedway on Friday, ahead of the Bank of America 500 on Sunday.
His explanation was pretty funny and quintessential Dale Jr. But it also goes way back to his early NASCAR racing days.
He said:
“When I started racing in the XFINITY Series in '98 or '99, I think, we started getting helmets from Nick Pastura. And he used to paint backdrops for rock and roll tours like Guns N' Roses and so forth, so I figured he could paint a mean skull. So, I just told him to put something on the back that would make everybody think I'm a little crazy and make all those drivers wonder about me. And we just never have changed the theme. I don't know what else I'd put on there anyway. “I think it was more about, ‘Hey Nick, you just have fun with this and do whatever you want to do. I like skulls and pirates and all that good stuff. So, just have fun with it.' And he just does something new every time. And he's done an amazing job. I think he paints for Kevin Harvick and a few other guys in the past and Martin Truex, Jr. in the past too. “So it's always fun to see what he comes up with. And he's got a really cool helmet for Homestead that I'm excited about. I won't usually do too many one-off helmets, and we usually use the same one all year. But I'm excited about that one for the end of the season.”
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The Meadowdale Lions played the Dunbar Wolverines Friday at Welcome Stadium.
When 2 NEWS went to the game, the score had Dunbar winning it 46 to 0 late in the first half.
In the second half, the Lions finally put up a touchdown and a two point conversion on the scoreboard.
Dunbar ends up winning the game 66 to 8.
Jillian Coleman
Staff Writer
Four of Tinker Air Force Base's senior leaders gave their own insights on mentorship advice at the Civilian Mentoring Council's July 26 event in the base theater. Each of the leaders had the same goal in mind: take the time to help that next generation of leaders and innovators.
The Air Force's most valuable resource is its people. Take care of them, and they will take care of the mission. That was the common theme pressed by the panel.
The hour-long session was about being adaptable and pushing yourself to go out of your comfort zone. The range of topics included everything from how to be a good mentor and mentee to ribbon charts of success.
Col. Thomas Brown, 72nd Air Base Wing vice commander, kicked things off, giving the room full of military and civilian Airmen a brief background on his life experiences. As a third-generation military officer and ROTC graduate of Tuskegee University, the colonel said he felt enormous pressure to live up to the expectation and high bar that had been set before him. What helped him stay the course was having the resource of a mentor, committing to regular engagements and honing in skill sets to reach those lofty goals before him.
He emphasized the importance of “sit-down mentoring,” a form he considers essential in being a successful mentor or mentee.
“What you say to someone or what someone says to you in passing may stick with you,” the vice commander said. “But where you really see the benefits of having a mentor is in the one-on-one, closed-door, phones-off situations. Those are the relationships that thrive. You must be open and honest and pure.”
Echoing those sentiments, Bob Sandlin, 72nd ABW director of staff, discussed the importance of education and going above and beyond to progress in a job series, career and life. He urged the audience to find ways to make a supervisor's job easier, as well as find ways to volunteer and further qualify for other jobs and opportunities.
Chief Erb stressed the importance of having a passion for people and investing in them.
“I had a lot of people invest in me and see potential in me,” Erb said. “I've been blessed to have been surrounded by incredible people who invested their time to take care of me and take me out of my comfort zone. Those people have helped put me in the position I'm in today.”
In addition to investing in people, Erb encouraged her mentees to not shy away from asking questions and seeking feedback. Whether it's the lowest level Airman or her boss, 72nd Air Base Wing Commander Col. Kenyon Bell, the chief discussed how critical candid feedback can be to improve.
Lastly, Dr. Keith Hardiman, director of the 72nd ABW Communications Directorate, encouraged the audience to pay it forward.
“No one in this room is here by themselves. People have helped you get to where you are, and now it's your turn to give back,” said Hardiman, who started his career with the Jump start Program, a variation of what is now the Tinker Internship Program.
Hardiman has worked his way up the proverbial ladder from a GS-4. Not only is it about who you have supporting you, he said, but being eager to learn and having a good attitude will also help you succeed.
The Civilian Mentoring Council is a program developed to pair mentors and mentees together, based on hobbies, interests, backgrounds and career fields. To apply for the program or for more information, contact Eb Bauer at 739-5078.
Email Newsletter
Sign up to receive our newsletter and find out what's going on around Wales.
Hero cop finds autistic boy after school didn't notice he was missing A 6-year-old autistic boy ran out of a Brooklyn school without anyone noticing and wound up on a nearby rooftop, where an off-duty cop grabbed him from the ledge. “Thank...
City settles with Avonte Oquendo's family for $2.7M The city has agreed to pay $2.7 million to the family of an autistic teen who slipped away of his Queens school undetected and was later found drowned. Avonte Oquendo's...
Alarms installed in city schools to prevent kids from leaving More than 21,000 door alarms have been installed in 1,200 city school buildings to prevent children from wandering off, officials told The Post. The city Department of Education put in...
Lawyer blasts investigation into missing special-needs student The lawyer for the family of a special needs teen who went missing from her Brooklyn school for three days last fall slammed a city school investigator's report that found...
City Council plans to approve Avonte's Law The City Council is on the verge of passing a law requiring alarms on exit doors at public schools to prevent tragedies like the disappearance and death of student Avonte...
Avonte Oquendo's mother sues City The mother of Avonte Oquendo slapped the city and nine school officials with a multi-million dollar lawsuit, blaming them for her son's wrongful death. Vanessa Fontaine, the 14-year-old boy's mother,...
City Council schedules hearing on 'Avonte's Law' school-exit alarms The City Council will finally hold a public hearing on a bill that would require alarms on the exit doors of public schools to prevent tragedies such as the disappearance...
City Council stalls ‘Avonte's Law' that requires school door alarms The City Council is dragging its feet in enacting a law that would require alarms on the exits of public schools to prevent tragedies like the disappearance and death of...
Show pictures of missing children on screens in taxis: pol Images of missing kids will be required to be shown on Taxi TV, a new City Council bill is proposing. Jimmy Vacca (D-Bronx) introduced the measure in the Council last...
It isn't madness to put Michigan in Final Four conversation You almost wish you could watch how this John Beilein Michigan dream team would match up in the upcoming Big East Tournament with Villanova and Xavier. Don't be surprised if...
Big Ten coaches to get creative dealing with long NCAA wait No team in the nation has more momentum than Michigan — but can it survive the team's longest layoff of the season? After capturing the Big Ten Tournament title for...
Michigan does it again — and looks dangerous at right time A change in venue couldn't change the ending of the Big Ten Tournament. With another surprise run of four wins in four days, fifth-seeded Michigan became the first team in...
Michigan will close the deal New YORK City is the center of the college basketball universe again. Madison Square Garden hosts the Big Ten title game Sunday afternoon, and a couple of days later, the...
Michigan-Michigan State put on show at Madison Square Garden When there was a whistle, or a commercial, you could get your bearings. It was then, and really, only then — when your eyes brushed against Mark Messier's 11, Walt...
Senior's scoring spree helps put Purdue in Big Ten final Purdue decided to leave the drama for another day. Less than 24 hours after fending off an upset bid from 14th-seeded Rutgers that went down to the wire, the Boilermakers...
Star wakes up just in time to decide Michigan-Michigan St. battle The state of Michigan invaded Madison Square Garden on Saturday afternoon, but Mo Wagner was nowhere to be found early. Michigan's 6-foot-11 junior forward was, in fact, on the court...
Michigan or Michigan State? You don't bet against John Beilein The Big Ten Tournament is struggling to fill seats at the Garden, but at least the weather is making the Midwesterners feel at home. Even better, they still have another...
Heat is on Tom Izzo in more ways than one The Michigan State basketball program arrived at Madison Square Garden on Friday afternoon with its focus solely on basketball and nothing else. That's the mantra head coach Tom Izzo laid...
LONDON: Iran has been caught up in a European Union crackdown on alleged predatory pricing by producers of hot-rolled steel, and is one of several countries facing anti-dumping duties.
The move follows complaints from European manufacturers of excessively low pricing by companies based in Iran, Brazil, Russia and Ukraine.
Anti-dumping tariffs of between €17.6 and €96.5 ($20.6-$112.8) per ton will be imposed from Oct. 7, the EU said on Thursday.
Iranian steel would be subject to a duty of €57.5 per ton and Ukraine's Metinvest Group €60.5 per ton.
The European Commission had initially proposed setting a minimum price of €472.27 per ton — but revised its proposal after failing to secure backing from EU member states.
Among the companies subject to tariffs were the Brazilian arm of ArcelorMittal and Aperam, both of which also produce in Europe. Others hit include Companhia Siderugica Nacional, Usinas Siderugicas de Minas Gerais and Gerdau — at rates of between €53.4 and €63 per ton.
Rates for Russia producers varied from €17.6 for PAO Severstal, €53.3 for Novolipetsk and €96.5 for MMK.
In April, the EU took action to protect its steel producers from Chinese exports of hot-rolled flat steel products following dumping allegations by European interests.
Punitive duties were imposed on Chinese producers for an initial period of five years following a lengthy investigation.
Hot-rolled flat steel is used for the production of steel tubes, used in construction, and for shipbuilding, gas containers, cars, pressure vessels, and energy pipelines.
The EC has disclosed it currently has in force an unprecedented number of trade defense measures targeting “unfair” exports of steel products from third countries, with a total of 41 anti-dumping and anti-subsidy measures, 18 of which on products originating from China.
The EU said it is also tackling overcapacity in the global steel industry through involvement in a global forum that was launched at the end of last year.
LONDON: Iran has been caught up in a European Union crackdown on alleged predatory pricing by producers of hot-rolled steel, and is one of several countries facing anti-dumping duties.
The move follows complaints from European manufacturers of excessively low pricing by companies based in Iran, Brazil, Russia and Ukraine.
Anti-dumping tariffs of between €17.6 and €96.5 ($20.6-$112.8) per ton will be imposed from Oct. 7, the EU said on Thursday.
Iranian steel would be subject to a duty of €57.5 per ton and Ukraine's Metinvest Group €60.5 per ton.
The European Commission had initially proposed setting a minimum price of €472.27 per ton — but revised its proposal after failing to secure backing from EU member states.
Among the companies subject to tariffs were the Brazilian arm of ArcelorMittal and Aperam, both of which also produce in Europe. Others hit include Companhia Siderugica Nacional, Usinas Siderugicas de Minas Gerais and Gerdau — at rates of between €53.4 and €63 per ton.
Rates for Russia producers varied from €17.6 for PAO Severstal, €53.3 for Novolipetsk and €96.5 for MMK.
In April, the EU took action to protect its steel producers from Chinese exports of hot-rolled flat steel products following dumping allegations by European interests.
Punitive duties were imposed on Chinese producers for an initial period of five years following a lengthy investigation.
Hot-rolled flat steel is used for the production of steel tubes, used in construction, and for shipbuilding, gas containers, cars, pressure vessels, and energy pipelines.
The EC has disclosed it currently has in force an unprecedented number of trade defense measures targeting “unfair” exports of steel products from third countries, with a total of 41 anti-dumping and anti-subsidy measures, 18 of which on products originating from China.
The EU said it is also tackling overcapacity in the global steel industry through involvement in a global forum that was launched at the end of last year.
U.S. prosecutors are nearing their first charges against companies in an almost four-year-old criminal investigation into alleged price-fixing by generic-drug makers, according to people familiar with the matter.
At least two companies are on track to be indicted in the coming months, in addition to several executives, said two people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is confidential. Another company could agree to plead guilty before then, said one the people.
The charges, which the people said could be filed as soon as the summer, would mark a major breakthrough in an investigation that began in 2014 and has spread to nearly every major generic-drug manufacturer, including Mylan NV and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
Started during the Obama administration, the investigation is advancing under President Donald Trump, who has repeatedly vowed to bring down soaring drug costs in the wake of controversial price hikes by Mylan and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. A group of administration officials is working on a plan expected to be unveiled in the coming weeks.
Perrigo, Mylan Raids
Federal authorities have raided at least two companies in the investigation. Perrigo Co. disclosed its offices were searched last year. Mylan's Pennsylvania headquarters was also raided by the FBI in the fall of 2016, according to another person familiar with the matter. The raid took place the same day that Mylan Chief Executive Officer Heather Bresch was in Washington testifying on drug prices, the person said. Bresch, who was grilled by lawmakers about the $600 price tag for a two-pack of EpiPen among other questions, is the daughter of Senator Joe Manchin, a West Virginia Democrat.
Neither Mylan nor its executives have been publicly charged with a crime. Mylan previously disclosed subpoenas related to some of its generic drugs and search warrants related to the investigation, without saying where any raids took place.
Mylan shares fell 1.5 percent on the news and closed down 1.3 percent at $40.25 in New York.
Rajiv Malik, Mylan's president, has been named as a defendant in a civil complaint by states, which allege that he took an active role in the price-fixing conspiracy. Mylan said at the time that it stood by Malik, and a lawyer for Malik said the executive denied the allegations.
A Mylan spokeswoman and the Justice Department declined to comment. Representatives for Teva and Perrigo didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.
Guilty Pleas
The Justice Department hasn't announced any developments in the case and no charges have been disclosed against any companies or individuals since two former executives of Heritage Pharmaceuticals Inc. were charged with colluding with other companies in December 2016 and pleaded guilty.
In that case, the former CEO and the former president of Heritage conspired to fix prices and divide customers for an antibiotic, doxycycline hyclate, and for glyburide, a medicine used to treat diabetes, according to the Justice Department.
Prosecutors have faced some challenges that have delayed their progress in the investigation, according to three people familiar with the matter, though it's not unusual for complex investigations to stretch over many years. The drug companies under scrutiny, which are seasoned litigators over patents and other matters, are digging in against the government's case, according to the people.
The looming charges involve fixing prices and dividing up the market, according to one of the people. Although indictments are expected, the companies or their executives could agree to plead guilty rather than fight the charges, said the other person. The identities of the companies set to be charged couldn't be learned.
In addition to the criminal case, generic-drug manufacturers also are facing a civil complaint filed by state attorneys general led by Connecticut. That case accuses more than a dozen companies of conspiring to raise prices on 15 drugs.
— With assistance by Cynthia Koons, and Jared S Hopkins
ERIN, Wis. -- The fescue at Erin Hills has garnered the early U.S. Open spotlight, yet the venue's expansive terrain is equally noteworthy. The course weighs in at 652 acres, the size of a national park compared to recent Open hosts Merion (126) and Oakmont (218). Hell, Baltusrol utilizes 474 acres, and the club has 36 holes.
But it's not just the amount of land. It's the course's topography that has players, media and fans shaking their heads (and massaging their hammys).
Words like contours, dunes, mounds and bluffs don't aptly describe the grounds. If there weren't 18 flagsticks planted in the ground, one would think they'd need a Sherpa rather than a caddie to traverse Erin Hills. Outside the putting surfaces, there's not a flat lie to be found, and some distances between holes necessitate a trolly ride. Walking this bad boy on a regular basis will give you calves that would put Kevin Kisner's caddie to shame.
Justin Thomas illustrated the severity of the walk golfers face this week, posting his Fitbit steps from Wednesday's practice round:
And that's from strolling down the fairways. On Monday morning, a colleague and I navigated the front nine; exploring some of the fescue and trouble areas, we hit the magic 10,000 steps figure by the eighth hole.
No wonder Golf Digest's Ron Whitten, who helped design the course, calls Erin Hills a "mammoth rumpled blanket."
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Charles Sturt Uni wines to be showcased
Charles Sturt University is known for many things, and soon they hope, it will also be known for producing boutique wines. Bathurst's CSU campus will throw open the doors for a free wine tasting event of its latest vintages. CSU winery sales co-ordinator Narrelle Ingold said the university was hoping to reignite the public's passion for its wine. Source, The Western Advocate
Imagine you're 21 years old, you've just finished taking down two of the NBA's best players with 33 points and you've put the pair on the brink of elimination in the playoffs.
Now imagine an entire stadium losing its mind collectively as you try to do a postgame interview with ESPN.
You'd be speechless too if you were Utah Jazz star Donovan Mitchell, wouldn't you?
The crowd left Donovan Mitchell speechless. 🤐 pic.twitter.com/ZmQxC9Wb19 — SportsCenter (@SportsCenter) April 24, 2018
Here's a look at Mitchell's unreal night in Utah:
Donovan Mitchell puts up 33 PTS, 7 Rebs, 4 AST to lead the @utahjazz to a 3-1 series lead! #TakeNote#NBAPlayoffs pic.twitter.com/bNF0XcRkYP — NBA (@NBA) April 24, 2018
The last word belongs to Mitchell and it's an emoji to sum it all up:
Video
The authority of First Minister Carwyn Jones is "in tatters" following events after Carl Sargeant's death, according to political commentator Prof Richard Wyn Jones.
The head of Cardiff University's Wales Governance Centre told the BBC's Sunday Politics Wales programme that the first minister's authority had "ebbed away very substantially".
Carwyn Jones is facing two investigations following the death of Mr Sargeant, found dead four days after being sacked from the cabinet over allegations of inappropriate conduct towards women.
Prof Jones said even if the first minister was exonerated, he would find it "difficult to regain his previous stature".
Carroll basketball camps taking signups
RIVERSIDE — The Carroll High School boys basketball program will be hosting two basketball camps in June. The first camp is set for 9 a.m. to noon June 4-8 for boys in 2-5 grade. The second camp is scheduled for 1-4 p.m. June 11-15 for boys in 6-8 grade. Cost for each camp is $85, with registration taking place a half hour before each camp in the Carroll auxiliary gymnasium.
Players will receive instruction from varsity coaches and players, listen to guest speakers, receive T-shirts, and have fun while working hard at their basketball skills. Daily 5-on-5, 3-on-3 and 1-on-1 games will be played.
For more information, or to register online, visit carrollhs.org/2018summercamps.
Driving with Colleen golf outing June 9
SPRINGFIELD — The Seventh Annual Driving with Colleen golf outing is scheduled for 2 p.m. Saturday, June 9. The outing tees off at Locust Hills Golf Course. The event will be packed with fun hole events, prizes, raffles, 50/50 raffle.
The cost is $70 per player, or $280 for a foursome. Golfers will receive 18-holes with cart, which includes dinner, beverages, shirt and a goodie bag. Event sponsorship is available. Registration deadline is May 28. To become a sponsor or to register, visit www.drivingwithcolleen.org. All proceeds go to Circle of Victory to assist cancer patients in Greene County. For questions call Jessica at 937-671-8120 or email drivingwithcolleen@gmail.com.
Placekicking camp set for June 23
XENIA — KP's Kicking, Punting and Long Snapping Camp will be held from 12-3 p.m. Saturday, June 23 at Doug Adams Stadium in Xenia for all interested athletes. Campers should arrive by 11:30 a.m. to register and put their cleats on. Camp athletes will learn the basics of place kicking, punting and/or be helped in developing their current skills.
Long snappers will be taught the basics of their key position as well. Registration forms are available online at: https://form.jotform.us/81085574243155. Contact Kole Patterson at 937-409-4626 or by email at kolepatt@ameritech.net for more information.
WGC junior golf camp taking registrations
XENIA — WGC Golf Course will host its 32nd annual Miami Valley Junior Golf Camp for boys and girls ages 8-17. The day camp will be in session from 8:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 18-21. Campers will receive daily instruction on stroke technique, golf etiquette and the rules of golf. Golf Director Jim Beaver heads a staff that includes PGA pros Garay Goecke, Matt Stotler, Jerry Curtis and Nate Combs. Entry forms are available at the WCG Pro Shop or online at www.wgcgolfcourse.com under the MVJGA tab.
Play it Forwards golf outing deadline nears
XENIA — The sixth Annual Play it Forwards golf outing/scholarship fundraiser, hosted by the Class of 1973, is scheduled for Saturday, June 23 at WGC golf course in Xenia. Golf registration includes a light breakfast, a full lunch, beverage tickets, practice balls, green fees and cart, in addition to prizes and raffles. The event is open to the public with an early registration discount applied until June 8.
For sponsorship information or to register for the event contact: Jerry Boggs (jboggs73@aol.com), (937) 239-0036; Steve Greene (sgreene3@columbus.rr.com); Diane Wuebben Ponder (diane.ponder@wright.edu); or Sheryl Haines Yeazel (shel55@ymail.com).
Local players in North-South football game
CENTERVILLE — The 35th Miami Valley Football Coaches Association (MVFCA) North-South All Star high school football game will be held at 7 p.m., Friday June 28 at Centerville High School. Greene County area players will be among the players on the North and the South teams rosters.
The MVFCA will also recognize its 2018 head coach and assistant coach hall of fame inductees, which will include assistant coaches Bob Franz (Carroll), Tom Massie (Fairborn), and Jim Benites (Bellbrook), at the game.
Send local sports news and team scores to sports@xeniagazette.com.
Send local sports news and team scores to sports@xeniagazette.com.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BLUE SPRINGS, Mo. -- Missouri Highway Patrol troopers are investigating a crash that happened Wednesday afternoon that left some motel guests stunned.
The crash happened just off of I-70 near Blues Springs. Folks visiting the Super 8 Motel on Northwest Jefferson probably never expected to see part of a semi-truck resting on top of a pickup truck. However, that's what they saw and more.
At first glance the scene of the crash looked like the work of a heavy spring storm.
"Pretty chaotic, a lot of damage. Could have been worse," said hotel guest Brian Rice.
There were trees toppled onto cars, busted out windshields, and a pickup truck crunched underneath part of a semi-truck.
"My boss was standing there, and he said 'no, don't go over there. Your truck is under there. It will be fine,'” said Jim York.
Highway patrol investigators say something other than a storm is responsible for the mess.
"Westbound tractor-trailer ran off the road, climbed this hill, went through some trees, and then overturned on cars," said Trooper G.L. Billings.
The damage it caused is significant.
"You can see where trees were struck by the actual tractor-trailer, then the trees were thrown on to the vehicles that were parked here," said Trooper Billings.
No one was hurt, including the tractor-trailer driver.
"Very lucky. Very lucky. It occurred at rush hour at 16:30 hours. The stars were shining on this person," said Trooper Billings.
"Luckily people are safe. That's the main thing," said Brian Rice.
It's also lucky that Rice just happened to move his car to another parking spot when he did. He says his car would have been in the path of the damage, had he not decided to move his car to a spot closer to the entrance, 5-minutes earlier.
Fourth of July is one of the worst holidays for dogs. The sound of fireworks can be extremely traumatizing to them, making the holiday one of the most statistically common days for dog runaways. If your dog is triggered by loud noises, they can show their fear in a variety of ways; shaking, hiding, excessive drooling, or cowering. (via PetMD)
Before your pup is shaken beyond repair, here are a few tips to keep them calm and safe tomorrow.
1. Keep them on a leash - As mentioned above, fourth of July is the biggest day for dog runaways... making the fifth of July the biggest days for dogs to be in shelter. It is important to keep your dogs as safe as possible.
2. Make a safe spot - Whether it's a pet bed, a crate they were trained on, or letting them on your bed for the night... make a comfortable spot that they can lay on and potentially fall asleep while the fireworks are going off, so they feel safe and secure.
3. Desensitize them to the sound of fireworks - This is better to do a few days in advance, but it's suggested to start playing them the sound of fireworks on YouTube lowly, slowly increasing the volume over time getting them used to the frequent noise.
4. Hide treats around the house - Keep them busy and distracted! Have them move around the house and focus on their favorite thing in the entire world TREEEEAAAAATTTTSSSS
5. Melatonin - Not just to help humans sleep, melatonin is actually largely beneficial with dog anxiety (via AKC.org) Get info on dosage and benefits HERE
The net wrapped around and hanging off the gray whale's tail was so long, it had starfish entangled within its web – meaning at some point, the netting had been dragging on the ocean floor.
Rescuers were able to get close enough to cut off most of the 100-foot-long gill net just before the sun set Saturday – but another sighting in Newport Beach the following day showed some line still wrapped on the fluke, intertwined with kelp, with the whale traveling slower than normal and still in need of help.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration rescue team was on alert Monday and asking boaters and whale watching charters to keep an eye out for the distressed whale.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration rescue team was on alert Monday and asking boaters and whale watching charters to keep an eye out for the distressed whale, thought to be heading past Long Beach and the Palos Verdes Peninsula as it slowly chugs up to Alaska.
Naturalist Mark Tyson was aboard Capt. Dave's Dolphin Safari Saturday when he saw the whale's head pop up near the San Clemente Pier – but when it went back down, it did something odd.
“It went backward into the water,” he said. “When we got closer, we could tell its tail was messed up. At first, it looked like it was dragging kelp.”
Then a passenger noticed the blue line dragging behind it. Tyson immediately contacted the NOAA entanglement response team, which included staff from Laguna Beach's Pacific Marine Mammal Center. The team, with help from Capt. Dave's captains locating the whale, was able to reach it a few hours later as it tucked into a cove near Dana Point Harbor.
Justin Viezbicke, NOAA Fisheries' California Stranding Network Coordinator, was able to get close enough to the whale on a small inflatable boat, using a hook to pull up the net and a knife to cut through it.
“We got a significant amount of gear off of the animal. But the reality is, because of the nature of the entanglement, it's not an easy, complete removal,” he said. “It's embedded into the tail fluke. Complete removal will be very difficult, if not impossible.”
Viezbicke said though parts of the net remained on the whale's tail, the rescue effort is considered a success.
“Before, the whale had no chance, now, it at least has a shot,” he said.
On Sunday, Newport Coastal Adventure captain Ryan Lawler saw a whale off West Newport that looked like it was acting strange. He called to another of his boats, where photographer Mark Girardeau could fly his drone above to see if it was in trouble.
It turned out to be the same whale as the one rescued Saturday. Girardeau could see the entanglement – with kelp wrapped around the net – still inhibiting the whale's movement. He contacted NOAA to report the whale's location and behavior.
“It was swimming at 1.5 knots, the normal speed is 5 knots,” he said. “It has to go all the way to Alaska – that's pretty slow.”
Girardeau said it's the fourth entangled whale he's encountered in the past two years, a too-common sight considering he only gets on the boats during weekends.
“It's kind of sad seeing that. Rather than have a whale get old and get tired from being old, they are getting tired from being tangled from nets from humans,” he said.
Viezbicke said there have been six reports of gray whale entanglements this year – more than in recent years, including two last year. Last year, however, was a record year for overall entanglements along the West Coast.
Viezbicke said the helpful eyes of boat captains and passengers is making a difference as the rescue team grapples with the increase in whale entanglements.
“It was definitely a team effort,” he said. “We had a number of whale watching groups communicating to keep an eye on the whale and help out,” he said.
If you see the whale, do not approach it. Stay with it and take photos if possible, note the location and traveling direction and its behavior and contact the NOAA Entangled Whale hotline at 877-SOS-WHALE; or hail the U.S. Coast Guard on CH 16.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The Kansas City Chiefs began their offseason training program on Monday. Defensive tackle Chris Jones spent his entire rookie season learning under the wing of Dontari Poe, but Poe isn't around anymore, which begs the question: Who's going to get the ball in the "hungry pig right" goal-line formations?
Jones has the answer in the video.
This year marked the third annual West Virginia Craft Beer Week. The eight-day celebration of West Virginia's craft brewers, breweries, pubs, and restaurants showcases all the Mountain State has to offer.
During the week, business owners are encouraged to take advantage of the opportunity to host craft beer events and put West Virginia beers on tap in support of the thriving local industry.
“We got 25 licensed breweries in the state now. So, we were ten three years ago, and that's pretty quick growth; that's pretty exciting. We've got a pretty good line up. We started off. Most of the breweries were at Rails and Ales last week and most of them will be at Mountaineer Brew Fest in Wheeling this weekend,” said Craft Brewers Guild President Sam Mauzy.
You can find tap takeovers, West Virginia brews on tap, and beer specials all over the state this week, August 12-19. For a full schedule of events, visit West Virginia Craft Beer Week on Facebook.
Trump Threatens Iran Over Nuclear Program in Macron Meeting
President Donald Trump warned Iran not to restart its nuclear program as French President Emmanuel Macron urged him to remain in the multi-nation nuclear deal reached in 2015. Bloomberg's Bill Faries has more on "Bloomberg Markets: Balance of Power." (Source: Bloomberg)
INDIANAPOLIS — Of the Indiana Pacers' many strengths, playing with a bad memory might be their strongest.
One night after allowing a franchise-record 49 points in the first quarter in a loss to the Hornets, Indiana played like a team coming off of a win.
Victor Oladipo and Bojan Bogdanovic each scored 19 points and the Pacers relied on a strong second half to beat the Philadelphia 76ers 100-92 on Saturday night.
“I think we just did a good job in the second half of containing their shooters and making sure they didn't get downhill,” Oladipo said.
Oladipo added nine rebounds and four assists. Domantas Sabonis scored 10 points.
The Pacers jumped out to a 40-27 in the second quarter but the 76ers pushed back, outscoring Indiana 24-10 over a seven-minute span for a 51-50 lead. The Pacers managed to put together a 12-6 scoring run to end the second quarter and take a 62-57 lead into the locker rooms.
Indiana led 76-75 at the start of the fourth quarter, extended its advantage with an 7-2 run and held on with both teams were playing on the second night of a back-to-back.
Joel Embiid played on both nights of the back-to-back for the first time in his career and finished with 24 points and 10 rebounds. Ben Simmons scored 10 points and added 11 rebounds for Philadelphia.
Lance Stephenson had a lot to do with the Pacers' surge in the fourth quarter. Stephenson finished with 14 points and nine rebounds off the bench.
“When Lance plays like that and is effective like that, it takes a lot of pressure off of everybody. He did a great job on both ends (of the floor), especially on the defensive end and slowing them down a little bit,” Oladipo said.
The 76ers made six straight 3-point attempts in the second quarter but made just one of their 14 shots from beyond the arc during the second half.
After the 76ers did not commit a turnover in the first quarter, they finished with 18 total turnovers, including seven in the fourth quarter alone.
“It has been an up-and-down season for us. We're just trying to find balance and be consistent,” Embiid said. “We're still learning a lot, but being young should never be an excuse, so (we've) got to keep on working.”
TIP-INS
76ers: Four of Philadelphia's five starters scored in double figures. Philadelphia's entire starting unit has scored in double figures 17 times this season. . Simmons has scored at least 10 points in 40 of the 76ers' 49 games this season. . The 76ers have now lost four straight road games.
Pacers: Nate McMillan returned to the Pacers bench after missing Friday's game in Charlotte due to personal reasons. . Indiana has now won six straight at home.
TOUGH NIGHT
After recording a double-double in a win against Memphis on Wednesday (15 points, 11 rebounds) and a double-double in a loss to Charlotte on Friday (19 points, 11 rebounds), Myles Turner found himself in foul trouble early against Philadelphia and missed much of the first half. Turner finished the game with no points, three rebounds and two assists.
DOUBLE TROUBLE
Embiid recorded his fifth consecutive double-double. Despite the organization's concerns regarding Embiid and back-to-back contests, Philadelphia's All-Star centre was glad to be on the floor for both games.
“I'm happy that I finally got to play in a back-to-back, but I wish we'd gotten the win. Overall, though, I felt great. I wasn't tired, my legs were fine, my body was fine,” Embiid said.
UP NEXT
76ers: Host Washington on Tuesday.
Pacers: Host Washington on Monday.
MINNEAPOLIS — Typically, the Super Bowl is situated in a warm weather locale.
Not this year. Not even close.
Super Bowl LII, which is Sunday in Minneapolis, is projected to be the coldest Super Bowl of all time.
There's no snow in the game day forecast, but the predicted high is in the single digits — that's Fahrenheit, not Celsius — with a low below zero. Factor in the wind chill, and it likely will feel below zero the whole day.
And it's expected to be 3 degrees at kickoff, which is at 5:30 p.m. CT (6:30 p.m. ET) in Minneapolis.
Fans should get a reprieve from the cold, of course, if they have tickets to the game. US Bank Stadium, home of the Minnesota Vikings, has a fixed roof.
“Despite the cold, there will be plenty of warm entries to get you into the game,” Peter O'Reilly, the NFL's senior vice president of events, said this week.
The coldest Super Bowl to date was held near Detroit. It was 13 degrees at kickoff for Super Bowl XVI in 1982 at the Silverdome, which also was an indoor venue.
The National Weather Service office in Minneapolis issued a special weather statement this week, warning of bitterly cold wind chills for those outside this weekend for Super Bowl festivities.
The wind chill in Minneapolis is expected to dip 10 to 25 below zero from Saturday night through game time Sunday night, with 1 to 2 inches of snow expected Saturday.
However, that forecast doesn't appear to bother the NFL.
“I'm often asked what makes Super Bowl LII in Minnesota unique, and the conversation often turns to the cold and to the weather,” O'Reilly said. “But my real answer is it's the people. The people of Minnesota, the incredible volunteers who have come together — record numbers of volunteers.”
More than 10,000 people have volunteered to help during Super Bowl week, according to the Minnesota Super Bowl Host Committee.
“It's the people and the energy and the warmth here in the ‘Bold North' that is really coming through,” O'Reilly said.
While Minnesotans may be radiating warmth, it's probably safe to say that ice sculptures will remain intact at Super Bowl Live, a 10-day, outdoor fan festival.
Conversely, it was much warmer Sunday at the Pro Bowl in Orlando. Though the high was in the mid-70s, it wasn't exactly ideal. Camping World Stadium has no roof, and it was pouring rain.
The previous two Super Bowl hosts were considerably warmer (Houston for Super Bowl LI and Santa Clara, California, for Super Bowl 50). The next four cities to host Super Bowls will be Atlanta, Miami, Tampa and Los Angeles.
Even if this Sunday's Super Bowl were held outdoors, it still wouldn't be the coldest NFL game of all time. Based on kickoff times, the coldest game in league history was the iconic “Ice Bowl” at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin. It was 13 degrees below zero (wind chill minus 48) when the Green Bay Packers hosted the Dallas Cowboys on December 31, 1967.
Other arctic-like games in NFL history include the San Diego Chargers at the Cincinnati Bengals on January 10, 1982, when the temperature was minus 9 degrees, with a wind chill of 59 below; and January 10, 2016, when the Seattle Seahawks played the Vikings outdoors, with a temperature of minus 6 degrees and a wind chill of 25 below zero.
Super Bowl XLVIII at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, was the first Super Bowl played in an outdoor cold-weather stadium. The NFL got lucky that season: It was 49 degrees at kickoff.
This will be the first Super Bowl in Minnesota since Super Bowl XXVI, when the Washington Redskins defeated the Buffalo Bills 37-24 on January 26, 1992, at the Metrodome.
The moment the Floyd Mayweather-Conor McGregor fight was announced Wednesday, McGregor was billed as a considerable underdog. After all, the UFC star has never fought as a professional boxer, and he's going up against a 49-0 legend of the sport.
This should come as a surprise to no one, but McGregor is positive that he'll hand the 40-year-old Mayweather the first loss of his boxing career.
At least that's what Dana White says.
UFC's White joined ESPN for an interview shortly after the fight was announced, and he described McGregor as a competitor who seriously thinks he will beat Mayweather.
To be fair, neither White nor McGregor would say anything to downplay the seriousness of the fight. There is the potential for a $100 million pay day, and they are going to do what they do best — promote fights. White was never going to go on ESPN and say McGregor had doubts about his chances.
He'll leave that for the rest of the boxing world to decide.
Mayweather and McGregor will fight on Aug. 26 at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.
Read more from USA TODAY Sports.
Parking meter fiasco…NO LAWYERS WERE PRESENT DURING CONTRACT SIGNING -Mayor
While it is not imperative to always have lawyers present during the actual signing of contracts, most legal minds would advise that this be done in any scenario that puts a country's resources at stake.
In the case of that infamous parking meter contract, it was clearly done with little legal supervision. This was even admitted to by Mayor, Patricia Chase-Green. “I never said that there were lawyers present at the signing of the contract,” she said.
Because of this lapse on the part of the Mayor and Town Clerk, residents of Georgetown are more at risk of losing even with, or without the burden of parking meters. The contracted company on the other hand, Smart City Solutions (SCS) stands to gain much either way.
Speaking with Kaieteur News yesterday, Attorney-at-Law, Shaunella Glen maintained that while not necessary, it would have been prudent for the Mayor and Town Clerk to have their lawyers present at the signing of that very controversial parking meter contract.
“In cases like this, it is important, because it seeks to protect the interest of the government,” an interest that eventually trickles down to the most important stakeholders- the taxpayers.
The lawyer declared, firmly, that the officials of City Hall, in this case Mayor Chase-Green and Town Clerk, Royston King, erred by not ensuring the presence of sound legal minds during the initiation of the questionable parking meter project.
“They should've had their lawyers there even during the negotiations. This would've saved time, instead of now having to engage the courts,” Glen argued.
Meanwhile, Chinese Ambassador to Guyana, Mr. Cui Jianchun, yesterday met with Mayor Chase-Green and Town Clerk, King. Improved partnership and the assistance that can be extended to Guyana in the area of science and the environment were discussed.
At this point, King sought to highlight to the Ambassador the benefits that the solar powered parking meter will have on the environment.
Mr. Cui began to explain the traffic woes of his birthplace, particularly in the city of Beijing. He was quick to point out, though, that in his country of more than 1.3 billion people, there are restrictions on the importation of vehicles, as well as the skyrocketing price of parking. The parking arrangements of China, a country that even has restrictions on human reproduction, can hardly be compared to what exists here in the land of many waters, occupied by a mere 774,407 persons.
After the meeting with Chase-Green and the Town Clerk, the Ambassador mentioned the need for measures to be put in place to ease the garbage and traffic congestion in the city. He was subsequently questioned on the likelihood of any Mayor of his country, opting to sign off on contracts that can potentially hold a city, and by extension the country, at ransom.
Sticking to his diplomatic title, Cui said that it was not his place to interfere in the Guyana's internal matters.
A West Point volunteer who has been a mentor to Askew and other cadets, said she'll hold her up as a role model for girls when she holds wor…
Von Miller is good friends with Odell Beckham Jr., which is one reason why the Broncos star linebacker was especially looking forward to his game Sunday against the Giants in Denver.
“We had this game circled a long time ago,'' Miller said Wednesday on a conference call. “This was a game that I was looking forward to playing in. I wanted to play. This is my first time playing against ‘O' and the Giants, so I was looking forward to it. This was the game. That's how it is when life happens.''
Life certainly happened to Beckham, as he had surgery this week to repair a fractured left ankle and is on season-ending injured reserve.
“I talked to him and it's just a tough situation,'' said Miller, who spends time with Beckham in the offseason. “Every elite player in the National Football League has to overcome some type of injury once or twice in their career. The type of person that Odell is — I know him personally, so I know that he's going to come back even stronger and better.''
The Giants practiced Wednesday without nine starters. Beckham and Brandon Marshall are done for the season, as is Dwayne Harris, their punt and kickoff returner.
This is shaping up to be a battered defensive unit. Safety Landon Collins (ankle), DE Olivier Vernon (ankle) and LB Jonathan Casillas (neck) all sat out. Collins and Casillas were hurt in the loss to the Chargers, and Vernon did not play, missing the first game of his NFL career after playing in 84 consecutive games.
“I'll be ready Sunday,'' Collins said. “I played through it throughout the game, was pretty sore afterwards but feeling great day by day. I've been through a couple ankle injuries since college so I know what I'm going through.''
As expected, WR Sterling Shepard was not seen at practice. He is dealing with a sprained ankle that will surely keep him out Sunday. … Also not participating in practice were center Weston Richburg (concussion) and RB Paul Perkins (ribs).
With the Giants winless through five games and playing the final 11 games without Beckham and Marshall, it is time to project what they might do if they get a top-five pick in the 2018 draft. According to Bovada, the odds are 2-1 they take a quarterback in the first round and 1-3 they do not.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both his opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's likely to have a limited impact on America's largely secular workplaces. Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected. However, it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under four percent, from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
“The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. “We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
Ko Backpacko
You have a hankering for something fried, so on your way home from work you keep your eyes peeled for something open on your side of the freeway. Sure enough, your corneas catch the oh-so-familiar sight of the golden arches. You stroll into the McDonald's, and eye the menu, with its standard staggered prices. Prices are graduated based on price so that a large fry will cost more than a medium, and a medium more than a small. (This is why McDonald's french fries are so addictive.)
And this makes sense. The amount of money you pay correlates with the amount of product you receive in exchange. And generally speaking, this holds true for most things, from paper towels to pantyhose. One particularly glaring exception to this rule can be found in any pair of shorts.
Shorts cover half the surface area of pants, so shouldn't they be half the price? (And, for that matter, shin-hugging capris should cost five-sixths the price of regular pants.) The reason for the seeming ripoff actually makes a lot of sense, according to Esquire.
As it turns out, pairs of shorts that fall short of your knee are made with just a fifth less fabric than a standard pair of pants. The concentration of cloth is much heavier in the top half of a pair of shorts than the top half of a pair of pants, so even though the material might seem much less, it isn't.
Additionally, your leg coverings aren't raw materials, not by a long shot. Human labor plays a huge role in the pricing out of pants versus shorts. Shorts and pants both have pockets, belt loops, and waistbands, which all require the equal amount of manpower to stitch. Unless you're wearing parachute pants, of course.
[Source: Esquire]
If you're waiting for bitcoin to stop stealing the financial headlines, keep waiting. Now that the cryptocurrency has taken another step into the mainstream with the CBOE offering bitcoin futures trading, the buzz is only poised to keep building. See full story.
Suspected suicide bomber arrested following explosion at New York City's Port Authority bus terminal
Suspect injured after the device partially detonated inside the passageway to the N, Q and R trains. See full story.
A bitcoin crash, a burst housing bubble — giant bank sees 30 risks to markets for 2018
Deutsche Bank has circulated a list of 30 risks for markets in 2018 — “potential sources of faster or slower growth.” See full story.
There's a surprisingly messy backstory to Amazon's health care quest
The online retailer has stumbled quite a bit in its entry into health care distribution. See full story.
The Game of Krones: Inside Denmark's battle to defend its 35-year-old currency peg
Speculators regularly attack the Danish krone that has been pegged to the D-mark and euro since 1982. But there's no way Denmark will ever give up its fixed exchange rate, says central bank governor Lars Rohde See full story.
After testing a dizzying number of toys, games, and gifts, we've selected 30 favorites divided by age. See full story.
MOUNT STERLING, Ohio (AP) — Authorities say a former mayor and a current administrative assistant for an Ohio village have been indicted on charges of theft in office.
A statement from Ohio Auditor Dave Yost said the indictments unsealed Monday charge former Mount Sterling Mayor Charles Neff and current administrative assistant Bonnie Liff each with two counts of theft in office. The charges relate to allegations of allowing funds to be cashed out for vacation and sick leave. Neff also was indicted on falsification and dereliction-of-duty counts.
Numerous calls Monday to phone numbers for Neff and Liff were met with busy signals. Court records don't list attorneys for them.
The indictments follow similar ones against a former administrator and a former fiscal officer for the village about 25 miles south of Columbus.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
A handler poses for photographs with Rumor, a German shepherd, after Rumor won Best In Show at the 141st Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show on Feb. 14, 2017, in New York. Frank Franklin II / AP
“The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility,” judge Thomas Bradley III said. “When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is. She is just magnificent.”
The 5-year-old Rumor is named for the Adele hit song “Rumor Has It.” This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be her last major show.
“She's going to be relaxing for a while,” Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are “puppies in her future.”
Photos:
Top Breeds Compete at Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
Handicapped parking spot dispute leaves man on life support WINDER, Ga. — An Alabama man accused of severely beating a Georgia man in a dispute over a handicapped parking spot has been charged with aggravated battery. Morris Ellis was...
Man attacks clerk with hot dogs, corn dog stick over beer: cops A Florida man desperate to get his beer Friday used hot dogs and a corn dog stick to attack a gas station clerk, police said Monday. Cavan McDaniel, 35, threw...
Mom teams up with daughter to fight girl on school bus LAWRENCEVILLE, Ga. — Officials say a high school freshman's mother joined her in a fight against another girl on a school bus in an Atlanta suburb. News outlets quote a...
Man accused of beating armless, legless girlfriend A Florida man accused of beating his disabled girlfriend told police he was tired of taking care of her and preferred to go to jail, according to an arrest report....
Police chief's son arrested for beating toddler to death with belt A 3-year-old boy died after his stepfather — the son of a Georgia police chief — brutally beat him with a belt, according to police and local reports. Villa Rica...
Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s father arrested in Las Vegas — Police say the father of boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. faces a misdemeanor battery charge in Las Vegas alleging that he pulled a woman out of his vehicle,...
Woman accused of punching 12-year-old at bus stop NEW ORLEANS — New Orleans police say they are looking for a woman accused of punching a 12-year-old boy at a bus stop. Nola.com/The Times-Picayune reports that 35-year-old Carmenetta Brown...
Man arrested for booby-trapping home to electrocute pregnant wife A Florida man was charged after he booby-trapped his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant wife who recently filed for divorce, according to authorities. In a deranged plot,...
Daycare worker accused of burning 5 tots with hot glue gun A Chicago daycare worker faces charges after she was reportedly caught on video burning kids with a hot glue gun. Lizandra Cosme, 32, was charged with aggravated battery to a...
Dear Moneyologist,
My grandfather recently passed away from pulmonary fibrosis and had all of the medical equipment one associates with the disease. All of this stuff was rented through a medical company, which came to pick it up on the day of his death. The guy came with a truck and hauled away a hospital bed, air tanks, oxygen machine, etc. It took about an hour.
At the end of it, he came back in the living room in a full sweat and we signed the paperwork and then he started talking about how the company prides itself on customer service and how sorry he was for our loss. This went on for an uncomfortably long time, well over the couple of minutes needed to check paperwork and move along. Finally, 10 minutes later he left.
Was he looking for a tip? Does one tip the guy who comes and picks up your dead grandfather's rented medical devices?
Confused in Michigan
Dear Confused,
It's possible he was just offering his condolences. It's more possible that was also looking for a little extra cash-in-hand. Had he merely offered you his condolences in a somewhat long-winded and awkward manner, I would suggest that (a) he may have been new to the job and/or (b) may take his role so seriously that he didn't want to traipse in and out of your home without making some reference to your loss. (I'm also sorry for your loss. I don't want a tip, I should add. I'm just sorry.)
As he began his speech by saying the company prides itself on the quality of its customer service, I'd say he was joneseing for a tip. The fact that he did this would suggest, in fact, that the company has a long way to go to improve its customer service. This guy was doing a job the best he could while trying to earn a living, but the company should help him (and the customer) out by issuing strict guidelines on tips. (We are currently seeing how confusion over tipping is plaguing Uber.)
Don't miss: Is this the worst tipper in America?
I can see how midway into his spiel you may have thought, ‘If I was going to give this guy money for his troubles, I'm not going to do it now.' Death is a sensitive issue and to pivot from offering his condolences to wanting you to offer him a few dollars is cheeky at best and very opportunistic at worst (especially as you are grieving). I posted your question in the Moneyologist Facebook Group, which has become something of a Greek Chorus of varied opinions for this column.
Also read: The $1 tip is dead?
The comments on the Facebook Group (see the link, below) ranged from, “A lot of workers like to talk and talk. Either they are talkers, or maybe have no one else to talk with, or they are lonely. He also just might be awkward” (comment by Marc Roth) to, “Maybe he was hoping he would be offered a cold drink or cup of coffee after all his efforts?” (Rosemary Fraser). I agree. If in doubt, offer a nice cup of tea and a biscuit, or a tall glass of water or even some lemonade.
Call the company and find out the tipping policy. If it's a no-tip policy, politely suggest that the company should keep employees in the loop. We all have a part to play in life. Some people are inventing equipment to help save people's lives and others deliver it. You could send him a nice note, thank him for his kind words and add $10 or $20, even if it is less for his clumsy efforts to receive a tip and more a gesture on behalf of your grandfather for the miracles of modern science.
Do you have questions about inheritance, tipping, weddings, family feuds, friends or any tricky issues relating to manners and money? Send them to MarketWatch's Moneyologist and please include the state where you live (no full names will be used).
Would you like to sign up to an email alert when a new Moneyologist column has been published? If so, click on this link.
Enes Kanter showed up for the Knicks game with the Hawks on Sunday on crutches.
So naturally, he started.
“If you're going to make the playoffs, you're going to make some sacrifices,” said Kanter, who was feeling the effects of getting kneed in the hip Saturday in Chicago — an injury that left him on crutches for two days. “I was in pain but [the doctors] just literally said, ‘Hey, if you want to play, we're not going to say don't play.'
“They just say, ‘OK, it's your decision.' ”
So Kanter, who missed three late-November games with back spasms, played — 18 minutes, scoring eight points.
“I don't know how I'm going to feel in the morning — but we got the win, I'm good,” said Kanter, who impressed his teammates.
“This guy came in crutches today. I've never seen anything like that,” Kristaps Porzingis said. “He was able to play, starting the game. That guy is unbelievable. He's a warrior.”
“He's the first guy I've ever seen come to a game on crutches and still start the game and he's about to leave on crutches,” Jarrett Jack said. “I've never seen that before in my 13 years in the league.”
“I gave him a ride home last night at about 3 a.m., when I got in, and pulling the crutches out of my car and helping him to his room, there's no way this guy's playing, but he's a warrior,” Doug McDermott said.
When the season began, Porzingis averaged a franchise record-setting 30.4 points in his first 11 games. Before scoring 30 Sunday, Porzingis averaged 17.5 in 10 games, including a 4-point effort against Miami when he was knocked out early in the first quarter with a sprained ankle.
So what happened? Defenses swarm and simply corral Porzingis.
“The shots are pretty much the same, but there's a lot less space,” Porzingis said. “The defenses. There's more attention on me now. The beginning of the season, I felt a little more space, a little more freedom. Now everybody is ready to help. So I have to make adjustments and I have to keep learning.”
Double teams are coming the instant Porzingis makes a move. The Bulls did it effectively Saturday in the Knicks' 104-102 road defeat.
“I thought earlier on when he did get the ball in the mid-post area, he made his moves quickly. (Against the Bulls), it was a little methodical where we want to try to bang and all of the sudden guys were coming. They were doing a good job of coming right when he started to make his move,” coach Jeff Hornacek said.
Michael Beasley fouled out Sunday.
In under 10 minutes: 9:49 to be exact.
“He went for a couple steals. He got fouls a couple times he went for it,” Hornacek said. “They were driving the ball and he was trying to come over and help out so he got a couple of fouls that way…He knew he was coming off the bench so he was trying to be aggressive.”
see also Only one way for Knicks to keep Kristaps Porzingis around Fans have an obsession with tanking for a high lottery...
Rookie Frank Ntilikina has had a typically up-and-down start to his rookie season. But Hornacek was impressed with what he saw from the 19-year-old Saturday and again Sunday.
“Frank played with great confidence,” Hornacek said of Saturday. “We want him to be on the attack a little bit more and make a play. It doesn't have to be a shot. And then when he got some threes, he didn't hesitate.”
And then Sunday, he was impressed with the rookie, especially when teamed with Ron Baker.
“With Frank and Ron out there, the aggressiveness, both of those guys are really good in the rotations,” Hornacek said. “They rotate right almost every time. Consequently, Frank got a couple of steals out of it. Ron puts pressure on the ball. That combination is very good and I loved what they were doing.”
The Knicks face the Lakers on Tuesday and stage their first Hanukkah Night, celebrating the first night of Hanukkah. Ex-Knick Amar'e Stoudemire will light the ceremonial menorah during the first quarter.
As part of Garden of Dreams Night on Sunday, Hornacek had two teens in, aspiring coach Rikky Degale, 19, and player hopeful Kevin Thompson, 15. Degale, who suffered a stroke at age 17, was the game's honorary coach. Thompson, on hand through the Make-A-Wish Honorary Knick experience, has undergone nine surgeries since his premature birth. The two met the team and coaching staff Dec. 1 at the practice facility and both participated in pregame activities with the team, including warm-ups, the national anthem and player introductions.
On Sunday, Warner Bros., the producer of, confirmed they had shut down production on Season 4, identifying an incident of "misconduct" as the cause. BuzzFeed News confirmed that the incident, which is reportedly sexual in nature, involved Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson.
On Wednesday, Olympios released the below statement via her new publicist, Stan Rosenfield.
“I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4. Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production. As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality. As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after, I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening.”
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Court documents unsealed in the investigation into Prince's death suggest a doctor and a close friend helped him improperly obtain prescription opioid painkillers, but they shed no new light on how the superstar got the fentanyl that killed him.
The affidavits and search warrants were unsealed in Carver County District Court as the yearlong investigation into Prince's death continues. The documents show authorities searched Paisley Park, cellphone records of Prince's associates, and Prince's email accounts to try to determine how he got the fentanyl, a synthetic opioid drug 50 times more powerful than heroin.
The documents don't reveal answers to that question, but do provide the most details yet seen on Prince's struggle with addiction to prescription opioids in the days before he died.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park estate on April 21. Just six days earlier, he fell ill on a plane and had to be revived with two doses of a drug that reverses the effects of an opioid overdose.
Associates at Paisley Park also told investigators that Prince was recently “going through withdrawals, which are believed to be the result of the abuse of prescription medication.”
The documents unsealed Monday allege Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg, a family physician who saw the musician twice last April, told authorities he prescribed the opioid painkiller oxycodone to Prince but put it under the name of Prince's bodyguard and close friend, Kirk Johnson, “for Prince's privacy,” one affidavit said.
Schulenberg's attorney, Amy Conners, disputed that. She said in a statement that Schulenberg “never directly prescribed opioids to Prince, nor did he ever prescribe opioids to any other person with the intent that they would be given to Prince.”
F. Clayton Tyler, Johnson's attorney, released a statement saying that after reviewing the documents, “we believe that it is clear that Kirk Johnson did not secure nor supply the drugs which caused Prince's death.”
Schulenberg is practicing family medicine in Minnesota and Conners said there are no restrictions on his license.
It is illegal for a doctor to write a prescription for someone under another person's name.
Joe Tamburino, a Minnesota defense attorney who is not associated with the Prince case, said while Schulenberg and Johnson could face charges if the allegations are true, it's unlikely state or federal prosecutors would pursue them. He called them low-level offenses that wouldn't draw prison time.
He said for prosecutors, the source of the fentanyl is the big target.
“The oxycodone in this case is only tangential to the whole case,” Tamburino said. “If this was a fentanyl script, oh boy, it would be a totally different situation. … The real meat and potatoes is going to be that fentanyl thing.”
The documents said Prince did not have any prescriptions, including for fentanyl.
James L. Jones, a spokesman for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration's field office in Chicago, said anyone convicted of writing a prescription for someone under another person's name could lose their DEA registration — meaning they could no longer prescribe medications — and could face discipline from their state medical board.
In practice, laws against prescribing drugs for someone under a false name are not usually enforced when a doctor intends to protect a celebrity's privacy, said Los Angeles attorney Ellyn Garofalo. She represented a doctor who was acquitted of all charges, including false name allegations, in the death of Anna Nicole Smith, the Playboy model and reality TV star who died of an accidental overdose in 2007.
“They would be indicting every pharmacist in Beverly Hills if this were strictly enforced,” Garofalo said Monday.
Oxycodone, the generic name for the active ingredient in OxyContin, was not listed as a cause of Prince's death. But it is part of a family of painkillers driving the nation's overdose and addiction epidemic, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Nearly 2 million Americans abused or were addicted to prescription opioids, including oxycodone, in 2014.
Patients who take prescription opioids eventually build up a tolerance and need to take stronger doses to get the same effect. In some patients, the cycle leads to dependence and addiction.
A search of Prince's home yielded numerous pills in various containers. Some were in prescription bottles for Johnson. Some pills in other bottles were marked “Watson 853,” a label used for a drug that is a mix of acetaminophen and hydrocodone, another opioid painkiller. Last August, an official with knowledge of the investigation told The Associated Press that at least one of those pills tested positive for fentanyl, meaning the pill was counterfeit and obtained illegally. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigation.
In addition to the dozens of pills recovered, authorities also found a pamphlet for an addiction recovery center in California, the documents unsealed Monday show. The day before Prince died, Paisley Park staffers contacted the California addiction specialist as they were trying to get Prince help.
Dr. Howard Kornfeld sent his son, Andrew, to Minnesota that night, and the younger Kornfeld was among those who found Prince's body. Andrew Kornfeld was carrying buprenorphine, a medication that can be used to help treat opioid addiction. The Kornfelds' attorney, William Mauzy, has said Andrew had intended to give the medication to a doctor.
Prince did not have a cellphone and authorities searched multiple email accounts that they believed he was using, as they tried to determine how he got the drug that killed him, according to the search warrants. The search warrants don't reveal the outcome of the email searches.
The documents also say some of the drugs in Prince's bedroom were in a suitcase with the name “Peter Bravestrong” on it. Police believe Bravestrong was an alias that Prince used when he traveled.
Investigators have said little publicly about the case over the last year, other than it is active.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
The former candidate for Brooklyn ​district ​attorney who ​all but ​ensured DA Ken Thompson's victory over ​incumbent Charles Hynes by dropping out of the race – and was ​then ​hired...
What you accomplish in the first six months of taking over an IT leadership role is critical. The following 10 steps will help you navigate the rocky transition, get your IT house in order and set a clear path toward a strong strategic future.
A running joke among CIOs is that the acronym for their role stands for “Career Is Over,” a nod to the fact that the average tenure for a technology leader runs about four years. Evolving business needs and dissatisfaction with IT leadership suggest that timeline won't change anytime soon.
CIOs joining new companies face a number of obstacles. Technology's outsized role in driving businesses means many CIOs find themselves in the difficult position of using technology to both run the business and accelerate business growth, says Khalid Kark, research director of Deloitte's CIO program. “Companies are not looking for [just] technology leaders,” Kark says. “They're looking for inspirational business leaders that can lead and inspire the IT organization and develop a culture of high-performing talent.”
Transitions are particularly tough because business stakeholders expect new CIOs to dive right into business strategy, Kark says, when the reality is that they must often spend months getting their IT house in order. Moreover, some business stakeholders take longer to fill vacant CIO positions because they want to make sure candidates fit snugly within the company's culture, Kark says. Adobe Systems, for example, took seven months to fill its CIO position, requiring CIO Cynthia Stoddard to remake IT's identity.
[ Get expert tips on how to advance your career with our CIO Career Coach video series. | Get ahead with our 7 professional networking tips for executives and find out why LinkedIn Premium is worth the money. | Get weekly latest insights by signing up for our CIO Leader newsletter. ]
There is no one-size-fits-all playbook for CIO transitions. But new research from Deloitte, which has helped roughly 200 CIOs slide into new roles over the past five years, offers the following tips for IT leaders making this crucial transition.
1. Be scrupulous with your time
Level set, decide on initial priorities and recalibrate business expectations. Just know you have very little time to get your house in order when you join a new company, so what you do in the first six to nine months is absolutely critical. “At the end of 6 months you're expected to deliver a change agenda, and if you haven't built it by then you're in trouble and it sets you up for failure because expectations they have coming in are very high,” Kark says.
2. Huddle with your team
Transitions are fraught with uncertainty so you're bound to encounter some operational paralysis. Explain your strategic vision to key, high-performing staff members. Try to divine whether they're onboard with your plan; tough decisions may have to be made later.
3. Talent appraisal, house cleaning and acquisition
Take stock of your talent, deciding whether key team members are the right ones for the culture you aim to instantiate. If you find yourself spending too much time on execution, you may have to reconfigure your team. Realign staffers, add new talent and integrate your teams to eliminate siloed “centers of excellence.”
4. Identify trusted lieutenants
Reorganizing your leadership teams can inspire fresh thinking, and reset performance expectations.Moreover, if your IT leaders have vied for your job before you arrived you may need to replace them or run the risk of butting heads. You can't have your staff undermining you.
5. Get on board with the business
When IT was an island unto itself, what business leaders thought of your department may not have been a big deal. This is no longer the case; meet with key business stakeholders to learn about their concerns and challenges and address them. Honoring commitments and cultivating empathy for business stakeholders could go a long way and pay dividends with key partnerships down the road. “Being able to understand how you engage with different business stakeholders becomes much more important than having technical competence,” Kark says.
6. Connect with customers, partners and suppliers
Remember when your time was once consumed by back-office functions? In the digital era, you find yourselves more focused on customer-facing objectives. Connecting with the rest of the constituents in the value chain signals that you're more than simply an enabler of the business. It will also help you properly assess technology's role in delivering value. “There wasn't an expectation that you'd be outward-facing five to eight years ago but now there is a pressure to understand the dynamics of the market your operating in,” Kark says.
7. Pick the low-hanging fruit
Demonstrating your competency as an IT leader can help you quickly gain trust. For example, Kark says one CIO client set up a new enterprise-wide wireless network in a few months, solving connectivity problems that had long frustrated employees.
8. Get some quick wins on the board
A new wireless network is nice but it will only buy you so much goodwill. Move the needle by tackling failing IT systems and stalled projects with high visibility among business stakeholders. Address postponement of architectural decisions or large expenditures weighing on the company. “You have to keep your head down and make sure that basic things are running effectively and efficiently and have the right people in the right places,” Kark says.
9. Prioritize IT demand and supply
Use these early efforts to assess your IT project backlog and prioritize next steps. Figure out your sourcing needs. Will the solution be delivered better on-premises or via cloud services? Work with business partners to instantiate a governance process for aligning project delivery with business needs. Two weeks into a new role, one CIO Kark spoke with discovered 1,300 IT projects, most of them late or over budget. That's a recipe for “catastrophic failure” in IT, Kark says.
10. Strengthen the foundation and tweak expectations
Business leaders want their new CIOs to revamp IT culture and revitalize talent en route to focusing on strategy, Kark says. But you may soon find yourself blocking-and-tackling to mend broken IT.
One global retailer hired its new CIO to revitalize the staff and craft a new strategic vision for IT. However, just a few days into the CIO's tenure massive outages in the company's point-of-sale system wreaked havoc on the business. Kark says it's not uncommon for some CIOs to work 70 hours a week for six months straight to get their house in order. Reduce the amount of time fixing problems by identifying key talent to assume responsibility in your stead. That will free you up to slide into strategy more quickly.
The bottom line
Ultimately, companies want a CIO who can lead, identify and groom top talent, and drive the digital strategy. They often need to be CIOs, COOs and CDOs rolled into one role. “Tech expertise is table stakes,” Kark says. “Really what companies are looking for is right cultural fit to drive change through an inspirational leader.”
Related articles
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Some unsolicited advice for Jets fans: Stay away from camp reports regarding your team's depressing quarterback battle this summer. They're only going to drive you mad.
Take the coverage of second-year Christian Hackenberg, for instance. He's either wildly inaccurate — hitting reporters with errant throws — or looking fantastic, as he reportedly did during Tuesday's practice. I couldn't imagine riding that roller coaster every day for the next three months.
This happens every year at camps across the league. We're so desperate for football at this point that we eat up these reports even though we know they're useless. And that hunger for NFL news — no matter how useless — has only grown in recent years, so now we're getting practice stats.
Hackenberg is now 11 of 14 today with one pick, one drop, one regular incompleted pass. #Jets — Darryl Slater (@DarrylSlater) June 13, 2017
You hear that A.I.? Practice stats.
There's no reason I should know Hackenberg went 11-of-14 in practice on a Tuesday in June. It's as insignificant as the reports of the second-year QB hitting some reporters with some of his passes — which, by the way, are totally overblown. I mean this is a bad throw, but not as bad as a tweet with no video would have you believe.
The Christian Hackenberg Experience pic.twitter.com/CszEeSyUOt — Daniel Popper (@danielrpopper) June 13, 2017
Jet fans really have no reason to be invested in this quarterback battle anyway. Barring Hackenberg shocking everyone and showing franchise QB potential in 2017, the Jets will take a quarterback at the top of next year's draft — probably with the very first pick given their shocking lack of talent.
Josh McCown won't be in New York next season, unless he's in a clearly defined backup role. Bryce Petty may not even be in the NFL by this time next year. And Hackenberg could be viewed as an unsalvageable afterthought if the Jets draft their next great hope.
There's no reason to get attached to any of these guys, so why drive yourself crazy keeping up with these daily reports, which will be utterly useless come September?
There are better ways to spend your time. For instance, did you know the NFL has Super Bowl III on YouTube to watch for free? Just watch that from now until the 2018 draft if you need a football fix, Jets fans.
HNA's $2.2 Billion NYC Tower Is a Hard Sell
HNA Group Co. is planning to sell properties including office buildings and hotels across China, according to people familiar with the matter, as the embattled conglomerate scrambles to repay its debts. Bloomberg's Dave McCombs reports on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Asia." (Source: Bloomberg)
We are (sadly) eight months away from the next men's major, but it's never too early to start thinking about the 2018 Masters. On Monday, Westgate Las Vegas Superbook unveiled their opening odds for Augusta National next April -- and there's a familiar name listed on top.
Jordan Spieth opens as the favorite at 7-to-1 odds. Spieth won the Masters in 2015 and finished runner-up in 2016 when he blew a five-shot lead on the back nine on Sunday, opening the door for Danny Willett's win. The three-time major champ is followed by four-time major champ Rory McIlroy (8/1) and current World No. 1 Dustin Johnson (10/1). McIlroy will be trying to complete the career Grand Slam at Augusta National for a fourth consecutive year.
RELATED: The winners and losers from the PGA Championship
Justin Thomas, fresh off winning his first major at the PGA Championship, checks in on the list at a surprisingly high 25/1. Thomas has finished T-39 and T-22 in his two trips to Augusta National. Can you say value? If you're thinking of throwing a few bucks on JT, you might want to do it now before those odds drop.
Thomas has the same odds as reigning U.S. Open champ Brooks Koepka. They are listed below a trio of players (Jason Day, Rickie Fowler and Hideki Matsuyama) at 15/1 and a couple of guys (Justin Rose and Jon Rahm) at 20/1. Defending champ Sergio Garcia isn't getting much love at 30/1. Those are the same 2018 Masters odds as Phil Mickelson and Adam Scott.
And yes, you can still bet on Tiger Woods, who is out indefinitely after undergoing a fourth back surgery in April. The 14-time major champ and four-time Masters winner is listed at 100/1, the same odds given to a large group of golfers, including Alex Noren, Branden Grace and PGA runner-up Francesco Molinari. We might think about betting on Woods if the Masters was a tournament involving free diving for lobster, but it's not. Don't do it.
RELATED: Leaked letter hints Augusta National close to changing iconic 13th hole
WATCH MORE VIDEOS FROM THE LOOP
August 1 marks what would have been the 75th birthday of Jerry Garcia, the deceased frontman of the classic American folk, rock and jam band, the Grateful Dead.
To mark the occasion, Red Rocks will host original Dead member Bob Weir and his Campfire Band, a loose affiliate of Dead side-project members and modern music masters.
At this summer's Red Rocks show, The Campfire Band will feature Jerry Garcia Band member Melvin Seals, Widespread Panic drummer Duane Trucks, Allman Brothers Band bassist Oteil Burbridge, Tom Hamilton Jr. (Joe Russo's Almost Dead), jazz saxophonist Kamasi Washington, and Jerry Garcia Band back-up singers Jackie LaBranch and Gloria Jones.
Bob Weir & the Campfire Band will play Jerry Garcia's 75th Birthday Concert at Red Rocks on Aug. 4. Tickets are $55-$65 and go on sale June 16 at 10 a.m. MT via axs.com.
In the past, Weir and the Campfire Band have played a mixture of songs from Weir's latest solo album, 2016's “Blue Mountain,” and Grateful Dead songs.
Weir wrapped up two nights of shows at Boulder's Folsom Field with Dead & Company on Saturday.
This story was first published on TheKnow.DenverPost.com
Video
Iftkhar is a Muslim man who made a death-defying journey 70 years ago - a story he has never shared before. He told his son about his traumatic experience of partition.
Shared for the first time, these are the personal stories of horror and humanity from when British rule in India came to a dramatic and violent end, and two nations were born.
Actual photo of Steve Stephens, homicide suspect's, actual vehicle. Please call 9-1-1 if seen. Plate not yet available. pic.twitter.com/hn8a8nQEAP — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 16, 2017
Joy Lane — the ex-girlfriend of the man suspected of killing a man and broadcasting the murder in Cleveland, Ohio — is finally speaking up . The suspect, Steve Stephens, 37, cited Lane and his mother as one of the reasons he shot Robert Godwin Sr., 74. Lane has now texted a message to CBS News , breaking her silence. She said: “We had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened. My heart & prayers goes out to the family members of the victim(s). Steve really is a nice guy… he is generous with everyone he knows. He was kind and loving to me and my children. This is a very difficult time for me and my family Please respect our privacy at this time.”
Police reported that Stephens randomly shot and killed Robert Godwin, Sr. on the 600 block of East 93rd Street. Stephens recorded the incident on Facebook Live with one of the videos showing Stephens approaching Godwin, Sr. on the street. He makes the 74-year-old man say “Joy Lane” before shooting him to death. In another video, Stephens said, “She's the reason why I'm making this video. She is the reason what's about to happen today.” Stephens also said that he's already killed more than a dozen people. Officials are still investigating the situation and searching for Stephens. We'll keep you updated as more news surfaces.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Officials say it's always best to call 911 to report an emergency, instead of trying to take matters into your own hands.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - When faced with a medical emergency, dialing 911 should be the first step.
>> VIDEO: Watch Jobina Fortson's report
"Your best chance of survival in a medical emergency is through EMS responding to the scene and providing pre-hospital care from trained EMT's and
paramedics," Mitchell Burmeister, Emergency Services public information officer, said.
Victims or witnesses to violent crimes often don't call for help, officials said.
Last Saturday, a man hit by gunshots was dropped off at University Hospital and died. No one can definitively say if EMS could have changed the outcome, but Burmeister said he believes there's no doubt it could have bettered his chances.
Burmeister also said putting things in your own hands puts everyone at risk.
PREVIOUS STORIES
+ Homicide victim dropped at hospital ID'd as La Grange man
+ LMPD looking for man who helped homicide victim
"You never really know what could happen," Burmeister said. "The victim might lose consciousness, which could cause a danger to other drivers. It's
just really a dangerous situation."
Some officials believe people don't call EMS to avoid police. However, authorities are notified when a shooting victim arrives at a hospital.
"The whole system of emergency response is very integrated, so anytime we find information out, we're going to be sharing that with our partners that
are relative," Burmeister said.
The whole scope of the investigation changes when police encounter someone who has been shot and did not take an ambulance to the hospital. The car and route driven even become part of the crime scene.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Man accused in Facebook video killing says he 'just snapped'
+ Ransomware: The computer threat you need to worry about
+ Man accused of trying to kill officer held on $100,000 bond
It's harder for police to find where the incident happened. This is a problem LMPD is dealing with now, as it did when it last addressed this same
issue in January.
"We'll try and interview whoever brought them to the hospital or identify whoever brought them to the hospital," LMPD Lt. Emily McKinley said then. "(We) try to determine where the scene is, what happened and what took place."
Police said if people find themselves driving an individual to a hospital, it's important to pay attention to landmarks. The route details can be integral to the officers' investigation.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Forget crypto-currency, AI or blockchain companies in your investment portfolio.
Homes are still the hottest commodity in the Bay Area.
Median home prices in the region continued an unprecedented six-year run, with resale homes gaining double-digit value in the last year. Prices in the nine-county region bolted up 14 percent from March 2017, led by soaring deals in Santa Clara and San Mateo counties, according to a report released Tuesday by real estate data firm CoreLogic.
The median resale price for a Bay Area home last month was a record $850,000.
“It's a feeding frenzy fueled by a factor of fear,” said Kevin Cole, Alain Pinel broker and president of the Santa Clara County Association of Realtors. Buyers are motivated after bidding high and still failing to close a deal, he said.
“They're not just disappointed once,” Cole said. “They're disappointed two, three, four or five times.”
March marked the eighth straight month the region has seen double-digit growth in prices. Median prices have now risen for 72 straight months, a run that has bested the market swells of the dot-com era.
Year-over-year gains in San Mateo and Santa Clara counties hit 29 percent, while Alameda rose 11.7 percent, according to CoreLogic number. Sales for the median-priced home rose nearly 11 percent in Contra Costa County and 12 percent in San Francisco.
Low unemployment and a strong economy, coupled with a short housing supply, have boosted the regional market to the most expensive in the nation. Prices were driven by buyers active in the mid- and high-end market, Core Logic analyst Andrew LePage said.
“There's no getting around the fact that the Bay Area has seen significant price appreciation,” said LePage. “It's just getting more expensive.”
The typical U.S. home gained 6.7 percent in value between February 2017 and 2018, according to CoreLogic's home price index. During the same period, Santa Clara County home values appreciated 19 percent, followed closely by rising values in San Mateo County (15 percent), Alameda County (11.5 percent) and Contra Costa (8.8 percent).
Tim Ambrose, a broker with Berkshire Hathaway in Castro Valley, said buyers in the East Bay were struggling despite making strong offers well above the listed price. “Inventory is down,” he said. “That's why prices are going up.”
Santa Clara County has about 975 residential properties listed for sale, less than half of the typical inventory for this time of year, said Bill Moody, a broker with Referral Realty in Cupertino. Homes are selling within two weeks, and condominiums and townhomes are closing even faster, according to local statistics.
“Whatever is going on, the market is selling quickly,” Moody said.
Overall sales remained flat, according to CoreLogic. Only Santa Clara and Sonoma counties recorded more home purchases in March than in the same period the year before.
The numbers show big gains for property owners, and big challenges for prospective homeowners. The median price for a home in San Mateo County last month was $1.56 million, and $1.36 million in Santa Clara County. Prices in Alameda County pushed closer to seven figures, with the median sale price checking in at $860,000. Contra Costa County saw median prices hit $610,000.
Mark Wong, a broker with Alain Pinel on the Peninsula, said homes in school districts with good reputations continue to be desirable. He noted activity picking up in entry-level homes, still over $1 million, in Mountain View, Sunnyvale and Cupertino.
He's also seeing more preemptive offers in popular neighborhoods.
Wong said one of his clients made several unsuccessful attempts to buy into Mountain View, despite offering more than sellers' asking prices. The prospective buyer recently put in a bid for more than $500,000 over a $1.3 million asking price for a fixer upper — even before the open house.
The seller accepted the early offer, Wong said. “You have to play the game,” he said.
The data shows that buyers are still stretching to become homeowners. Jumbo mortgages — loans generally over $680,000 in most of the Bay Area — financed 4 in 10 sales, up from previous months.
Higher prices have even led investors to cool on the area. Absentee buyers purchased about 19 percent of homes, down from a peak of 28 percent in February 2013, according to CoreLogic data.
Local agents expect the market to remain tight into the peak summer house-hunting season. The region has added far fewer homes than jobs over the past several years.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Several brokers said they advise buyers to remain patient during a sometimes frustrating search.
“What rules the day is supply and demand,” Cole said. “Expect to settle for what your money will be able to purchase.”
Don't miss out on all the art, music, and fun tonight!! Come on over to the SUB North Plaza to catch a FREE bus ride to Louise Hopkins Underwood Center for the Arts (LHUCA) for FIRST FRIDAY ART TRAIL! We'll have buses circling every 15 minutes starting at 6:00 pm until 9:00pm.
This event is brought to you by the Student Activities Board.
Student Activities | 806.742.4708 | www.sab.ttu.edu | sab@ttu.edu
facebook.com/TexasTechSAB
Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat: @TexasTechSAB
Introduction
The Biotechnology cohort has finally made up much of the lost ground during the pummeling from both sides of the political aisle during the 2016 presidential race. Tweets and excerpts during the campaign trail from Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump put the biotech cohort through the wringer via aiming for drug pricing. The sustained sell-off lead to the entire cohort to sell off from all-time highs of $400 to $240 or 40% in only 6 months as measured via the iShares Biotechnology Index ETF (NASDAQ:IBB). From February of 2016 through June of 2017 IBB traded in a tight range from $250 to $300 while Donald Trump continually fired shots against the healthcare sector. Any healthcare related stocks became volatile on the heels of any statement or tweet from Donald Trump. Shortly after the inauguration, Trump stated that drug companies are “getting away with murder” when speaking to the drug pricing issue. As the proposed healthcare legislation appears to be dead as of now, a level of certainty has entered the picture, and the drug pricing threats are not perceived to be as bad as initially feared. Recently the index has had a resurgence moving to a 52-week high of $335 with a much clearer runway ahead as the political headwinds continue to abate. As the confluence of abating political threats, drug pricing certainty, and continuity of the current healthcare backdrop, I feel the index has room to continue its upward trend and retrace its 2015 level of $400.
Difficult 2016 Presented Buying Opportunity
After a banner year in 2015 for the biotech ETF, the cohort sold off in a dramatic fashion falling from $400 to $249 or a 38% haircut. The healthcare sector had been faced with an uncertain and volatile political backdrop. As President Trump vowed to bring down drug prices, IBB found its footing and set a floor near the $250 level. The ~$250 level was tested a handful of times in 2016, and it was evident that many of these political threats were being priced-in after its sharp and sustained sell-off. This sharp decline and subsequent floor coincided with heated political rhetoric aimed at the collective cohort of healthcare and more specifically biotech companies. I strongly felt that these events were extraneous and would eventually subside without any significant impact on the underlying stocks within IBB. I felt this politically induced sell-off presented a great buying opportunity considering the ~40% decline and extraneous pressures. I had written about such occasions throughout 2016, and I personally purchased two tranches of IBB at a strike price of $250 in February and June of 2016 during the market sell-off and the Brexit, respectively (Figure 1). I felt that these are excellent entry points for any long-term investor that desired exposure to the biotechnology sector. Ostensibly, many of these stocks were trading at multiyear low P/E ratios and as a cohort (gauged via the IBB proxy) looked to be less sensitive to tweets/threats as IBB continued to test the $300 barrier throughout 2016.
Figure 1 – IBB price activity and the resilience throughout 2016 before the uptrend with pronounced volatility that coincided with political rhetoric against drug pricing
The Drug Pricing Transparency Coalition Catalyst
Throughout 2016 and moving into 2017 some industry leaders formed a consortium to voluntarily cap drug pricing increases. Industry leaders aimed to get out in front of this drug pricing debate and articulate discipline in future increases while providing transparency on past price increases. This effort was to separate themselves from a handful of egregious price increases to contend with Trump's aim at the drug companies. A select handful of companies is being used as a proxy for the entire industry. This consortium aimed to dispel this common misconception about drug price increases. This seems to have been an effective checkmate to the new administration and its efforts towards lowering drug prices and erroneously accusing companies and labeling them as price gougers. A group of big pharma companies (domestic and foreign) is unofficially banding together to address the price increases that the public and government officials have been angered over. Allergan (AGN), J&J (JNJ), Novo Nordisk (NVO) and AbbVie (ABBV) have committed to limiting any annual drug pricing increases to less than 10%. J&J went further and published an annual report regarding its portfolio and the price increases they've implemented. Merck (MRK) becomes the latest pharma to join this drug pricing transparency coalition.
Like analysis from Noah Kiedrowski? Learn More About INO.com's Political Plays This bimonthly newsletter will give you actionable stock plays based on political action. Spot and profit from the political plays that matter. Find Out More
Proposed Healthcare Legislation
As of recent, any proposed modified healthcare bill has been completely killed by Congress. However, ostensibly at first pass, the proposed healthcare legislation was perceived as favorable for the entire biotechnology cohort, specifically about drug pricing. The Trump administration's attempt to reign in drug prices may not be as harmful as initially feared per a NY Times report. This report cited a draft of an executive order on drug pricing that appears to focus on easing regulatory hurdles for the industry and “largely leaves the drug industry unscathed.” This is a far departure from all the strong rhetoric on the campaign trail from Donald Trump. Regardless, continuity of the current healthcare framework provides certainty throughout the industry. Further, as the drug pricing paradigm remains largely intact along with the drug pricing coalition effectively self-governing, this cohort will be less constrained and allow rising.
M&A and Repatriation Catalysts
The M&A catalyst is very much in play as the broader biotech cohort remains at depressed valuations compared to 2015 highs. Some notable acquisitions include J&J's acquisition of Actelion in an all-cash offer of $30 billion to acquire the Swiss drugmaker. Pfizer acquired Medivation for $14 billion, Allergan acquired Tobira for $1.7 billion and J&J's acquired Abbott's Medical Optics unit for $4.3 billion. Ariad (ARIA) Pharmaceuticals was acquired by Takeda Pharmaceuticals for $5.2 billion. The most noteworthy acquisition as of late was Gilead's (GILD) purchase of Kite (KITE) for $11.9 billion. Repatriation of overseas assets and decreases in corporate taxes are very much in play and could serve as a catalyst for M&A and a tailwind for the industry. The political stance on M&A activity may loosen up with the new administration. Potential repatriation of overseas assets decreases in corporate taxes, and the loosening of M&A pushback may bode well for the industry in the intermediate term. Despite the current uptick in IBB, many prospective buyout candidates with beaten down valuations in concert with appealing pipelines remain. As this acquisition activity heats up, be on the lookout for stocks that have been rumored as takeover targets to heat up and possibly take IBB along for the ride.
Summary
The Biotechnology cohort has finally made up much of the lost ground during the pummeling from both sides of the political aisle during the 2016 presidential race. After its 40% slide over this period, iShares Biotechnology Index ETF (NASDAQ:IBB) began to demonstrate its resilience in the face of Donald Trump as he continuously threatened to overhaul drug pricing. The 40% sell-off, newly formed drug pricing consortium, political threats abating and the freshly proposed healthcare legislation being defeated is providing an ideal environment for the biotech cohort to appreciate. The drug pricing debate has been put to further rest with certainty surrounding the continuity of the current healthcare landscape thus a much clearer runway is ahead for the cohort.
Noah Kiedrowski
INO.com Contributor - Biotech
Disclosure: The author currently holds shares of IBB and the author is long IBB. The author has no business relationship with any companies mentioned in this article. He is not a professional financial advisor or tax professional. This article reflects his own opinions. This article is not intended to be a recommendation to buy or sell any stock or ETF mentioned. Kiedrowski is an individual investor who analyzes investment strategies and disseminates analyses. Kiedrowski encourages all investors to conduct their own research and due diligence prior to investing. Please feel free to comment and provide feedback, the author values all responses. The author is the founder of stockoptionsdad.com a venue created to share investing ideas and strategies with an emphasis on options trading.
Blue Ivy has her own playdate at Serendipity 3 “Blue Ivy and a friend — along with security and nannies — were dining on ravioli, Frrrozen Hot Chocolate and Forbidden Broadway Sundaes,” a spy said
Your inner child deserves Blue Ivy's new light-up sneakers Sneakerheads will line up around the block for kicks designed by a big-shot basketball player or superstar rapper. But if you're on the hunt for the latest daring pair, look...
Facing the immense pressure of trying to win a first major championship late on Sunday for the first time, it wouldn't be surprising for Justin Thomas to admit to battling his nerves. And following his victory at the 99th PGA Championship, Thomas admitted he "almost choked" on the penultimate hole. It's just not what you think.
Following a brilliant tee shot on Quail Hollow's difficult par-3 17th that set up a birdie that all but sealed the tournament, TV cameras caught JT eating. It caught most golf fans by surprise because A.) Who could possibly think about food in that situation? And B.) Who knew this 150-pound dude was such a voracious eater? But eat he did, and it almost backfired in a big way.
RELATED: The winners & losers from the PGA Championship
"As funny as it is, I tried to eat a lot today and drink a lot. Obviously it was beyond hot. But walking to 17 green, I had some snacks in my bag and I was eating it and I literally almost choked," Thomas said in his post-round press conference. "Like I started coughing and I was like, you've got to be -- like am I really going to choke; is this a sign to come? I don't know what's going to happen. It's funny, the things that you think about, you know, when you get in those situations."
Almost choking aside, Thomas obviously handled the situation fantastically. And believe it or not, he wasn't that nervous down the stretch.
"I was a lot more calm than I thought I would be," Thomas said. "I thought I would be very, very shaky. I remember at one point, I looked at my hand and it was a little bit shaky. But I mean, that's why you play. You know, you play for those nerves."
And for those types of wins. It's been pointed out that the giant Wanamaker Trophy can hold 43 beers, but it can also be filled with plenty of snacks. Just take your time eating, Justin.
RELATED: Why Justin Thomas' girlfriend almost missed his big win
WATCH MORE VIDEOS FROM THE LOOP
Step one: fixing my passwords. I can barely remember what I had for dinner last night, so going the traditional route and actually remembering more, and more complex, passwords is a bust. Thankfully, I can cheat.
There are absolutely loads of apps that not only remember your passwords, but can input them as needed and create super-secure new ones for you. The app I've been trying recently is Dashlane.
It's so proactive I ended up swatting it away a few times when trying to quickly order some late-night Christmas presents online. I'm getting there, but I'm not the finished article yet.
These apps are a bit like bank vaults, hiding your passwords behind a wall of 256-bit “military grade” encryption. What this means is the key used to unlock your data is one of 2 to the power of 256 keys. That's so many it'd take a computer longer than the age of the universe to crack it.
It feels slightly sad to wave goodbye to those old “first pet and then the number 1” passwords, but anything that can be tracked back to you is a no-no. The old advice that passwords should be something you can easily remember doesn't stack up anymore. Use one of these password managers and you only need to remember one master password.
I still can't remember the Wi-Fi key of the Virgin Media router I use daily to test all the gadgets I review at Stuff, so this is going to have to be one of 2017's brain food exercises.
PARIS — A young American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmm. Seen that before, haven't we?
Except there was one key difference this time: For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No. 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday, unlike for 17-year-old — and eventual tournament champion — Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989, the unorthodox strategy didn't come in a victory.
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros. The most memorable aspect was Donaldson's two unusual service motions; he won the point the first time, but not the other.
"I would never try it if I was feeling 100 per cent and stuff," said Donaldson, who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in his legs. "But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like, 'You know, maybe it's just something that I'll try.' He obviously wasn't expecting it, you know what I mean? It's kind of a cheeky way to get a point."
Donaldson said he has never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago. He did, however, know of the episode: Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title; he remains the youngest man to win a major singles championship.
Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic.
Quite the opposite, actually, shrugging his shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it.
"It was beautiful, right?" Dimitrov said. "He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard."
Before his first underhand attempt, Donaldson was actually two points from the victory, leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points.
In the next game, at 6-all, 40-30, Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion. He hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semifinalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold.
Image caption Christopher Harris says he is happy to be known to the locals as "Crazy Chris"
A fire-breathing entertainer hopes he can work his magic to boost a small island community battling depopulation.
Chris Harris moved to Shetland's Out Skerries two years ago - where he has opened Scotland's smallest cinema, a gym and a spa.
The 46-year-old magician, who refers to himself as "Crazy Chris", bought a house on the remote island without seeing it in person after spotting an advert online.
Image copyright Ivan Reid Image caption The Out Skerries are three tiny islands, four miles off Whalsay, and are Shetland's most easterly outpost
"I've always been in cities," Chris says.
"I'm from Cardiff but have lived in Swansea, Southampton and Hull. When my wife left me after 13 years, I decided to look for something different."
Image caption Chris had never been to Skerries when he bought this house only 24 hours after it was listed
The small archipelago is only accessible to the outside world via a ferry from the mainland of Shetland, which must be booked in advance.
At the last census, in 2011, the population there was recorded as 74.
But with the closure of its school, fire service and salmon farm since 2016, it has now fallen to about 30 full-time residents.
Image copyright Chris Harris Image caption Chris says fire breathing is difficult in Out Skerries because of the wind
Chris arrived on the island with savings and no job but he's since got work at the local water processing plant.
However, much of his time has bee taken up with a range of "projects" such as the opening of his School House Cinema, which hit the headlines last year.
"We might be smaller than your average cinema, but we make up for it by giving out free homemade popcorn and candyfloss and playing your choice of movie - so long as you give us seven days notice," Chris says.
Image caption Schoolhouse Cinema is the second smallest in the UK
Chris has spent the past 12 months transforming his garage into a Hawaiian-themed spa, complete with bamboo taps and a hot tub - with his efforts culminating in a "winter beach party" to mark its opening.
Image caption A winter beach party in Out Skerries
"People coming along to my beach party will be greeted with the sounds of Hawaiian music, before being given flower garlands and mocktails to get the party going," says the teetotal entertainer.
He has also transformed a portable cabin into a mini gym fitted with professional gym equipment, Sky television and mobile phone charging points.
Image copyright Chris Harris Image caption Bertha Anderson is among the Skerries locals impressed with the facilities
All of the facilities are open to the public free of charge.
Attending the winter beach party, I ask Chris if he plans to stay in Out Skerries for the rest of his life.
He says: "There's still a lot of work to do here, so I'll stay for as long as I'm needed - next year I plan to build a crazy golf course in the garden."
Image caption The gym is open to the public free of charge
Alice Arthur, of the Out Skerries development group, says: "Chris has been a breath of fresh air - he's come into Skerries and shaken us all up a bit."
Her three children have left the islands in recent years because of the lack of opportunities, despite each of them owning a house there.
Image caption Alice Arthur says the struggle with depopulation is "very serious"
"It would be difficult to find someone willing to buy one of their homes because there's no work, so any incomer would need their own business and that requires broadband which is dire here unless you pay for satellite broadband," she adds.
The situation was also made more challenging when Shetland Islands Council withdrew the Skerries inter-island flight service in 2015.
Image caption Christopher Harris is happy to be known to Skerries locals as "Crazy Chris"
Alice says that the struggle with depopulation is "very serious" - but she believes that the community can turn around its fortunes.
"It's definitely not an easy ride. You do need to work hard to make a success of it - and that's exactly what Chris is doing," she adds.
Looks as if there's more than one dictator in this building. A Queens condo-board and property manager has plastered images of Hitler and Mussolini in the building's lobby, according to...
International riding competition comes to Ardmore
The Winter Slide event has a big impact on the Ardmore economy.
SANTA CLARA (KRON) — A new year begins and a journey ends for San Francisco 49er's head coach Chip Kelly.
Just hours after General Manager Trent Baalke's release, it was announced that Kelly was officially fired by the 49ers organization.
“I have informed Trent and Chip of my decision to pursue new leadership for our football team,” said 49ers CEO Jed York. “These types of conversations are never easy, especially when they involve people you respect personally and professionally.”
With a 2-14 finish on the 2016 NFL season, Kelly failed to live up the hype surrounding his original hire.
The hire breathed a short-lived burst of life into the football club, after a dismal year with former coach Jim Tomsula at the helm.
The recent coaching carousel has come at a high price for the Red and Gold.
Kelly signed a 4-year deal worth $24 million in January 2016.
On top of finishing his $6 million/year payout, the organization is also still on the hook with Tomsula. They owe him $3.5 million for another two years.
49ers relieve both Trent Baalke and Chip Kelly of their duties: https://t.co/BVCDa4gpOu pic.twitter.com/tsw0r1eqQa — San Francisco 49ers (@49ers) January 2, 2017
Germans are among Europeans most opposed to having Jewish or Muslim family members, a new survey has revealed.
A poll by Pew Research Center claimed 33% of Germans were against having a Muslim relative and 19% opposed to one that was Jewish.
Winter is coming, and unfortunately, we're not talking about "Game of Thrones." We're talking about shorter days, less sunlight and the associated risks of developing a vitamin D deficiency.
Dubbed "the sunshine vitamin," vitamin D sounds sort of adorable. Like maybe it gives you cute freckles or a boost of cheer; but it's actually a pretty intense nutrient that aids with the absorption of calcium and support of the musculoskeletal system. Some studies indicate that vitamin D can also help with the immune system, mood regulation, blood pressure, and even fending off diabetes and certain cancers.
But before you jump on Amazon to order a bottle of vitamin D supplements, let's consider the facts, starting with the great big ball of light in the sky: the sun.
A Little Bit Of Sun Can Go A Long Way
“vitamin D is produced in the body when UV light from the sun hits the skin and triggers vitamin D synthesis," says Dr. Stefani Kappel, a dermatologist.
Dr. Zhaoping Li, MD, PhD, director, center for human nutrition and chief of the division of clinical nutrition at UCLA notes that if you're wear sunblock, you're also shielding yourself from vitamin D.
"Sunscreen blocks out UV rays, so your cells are not activated to vitamin D," says Li.
And sunscreen is highly recommended, even in the winter, and not just because the prospect of skin cancer is worse than that of a vitamin D deficiency, but also because the amount of UV rays you need to promote vitamin D is fairly small. In other words, a little bit of sunshine can go a long way.
“We get enough UV light entering the skin on a daily basis just walking around outside for five minutes a day," says Kappel, adding that while most of us are pretty good about wearing sunscreen on our face, "the rest of our body is often without sunscreen and [thus] getting stimulation of vitamin D synthesis."
An American big game hunter has defended herself after being widely criticized for killing a black giraffe in South Africa.
Tess Thompson Talley, 37, posted photographs of herself next to the dead animal on social media, and was swiftly condemned by conservationists.
The hunter claimed she shot the 18-year-old bull because it had been killing other, younger bulls.
She told CBS News the giraffe was “beyond breeding age, yet had killed three younger bulls… now that the giraffe is gone, the younger bulls are able to breed.”
Talley added: “This is called conservation through game management. The numbers of this sub-species is actually increasing, due, in part, to hunters and conservation efforts paid for in large part by big game hunting.
“The breed is not rare in any way other than it was very old. Giraffes get darker with age.”
After killing the animal last summer Talley had written on Facebook: “Prayers for my once in a lifetime dream hunt came true today! Spotted this rare black giraffe bull and stalked him for quite a while.”
Ricky Gervais, the comedian, who often posts about animal welfare issues, called Talley a profanity on Twitter.
Lorraine Kelly, the daytime television presenter, branded her a “total a––e of a woman.”
Big game hunting is legal in South Africa, where the industry and related tourism brings in CAD$2.95 billion annually.
Giraffes were classified as “vulnerable” in 2016 by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature. The number of giraffes in sub-Saharan Africa has dropped by nearly 40 per cent since 1985, according to the organization.
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Ross Stripling throws against the Philadelphia Phillies during the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Zach Eflin throws to a Los Angeles Dodgers batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
LOS ANGELES, CA – MAY 30: Joc Pederson #31 of the Los Angeles Dodgers beats the throw to Jorge Alfaro #38 of the Philadelphia Phillies to score a run on a double by Matt Kemp #27 of the Los Angeles Dodgers in the first inning of the game at Dodger Stadium on May 30, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Joc Pederson, center, is congratulated by teammates after he scored on a double by Matt Kemp during the first inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Philadelphia Phillies' Mitch Walding can't catch an RBI double by Los Angeles Dodgers' Matt Kemp during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Max Muncy, right, celebrates his home run with third base coach Chris Woodward during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Max Muncy rounds the bases after hitting a home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
LOS ANGELES, CA – MAY 30: Max Muncy #13 of the Los Angeles Dodgers is greeted in the dugout after a solo home run in the third inning of the game against the Philadelphia Phillies at Dodger Stadium on May 30, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images)
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Ross Stripling throws against the Philadelphia Phillies during the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Matt Kemp hits a two-run home run during the third inning of the team's baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
LOS ANGELES, CA – MAY 30: Matt Kemp #27 of the Los Angeles Dodgers hits a two run home run in the third inning of the game against the Philadelphia Phillies at Dodger Stadium on May 30, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Matt Kemp watches the flight of his two-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
LOS ANGELES, CA – MAY 30: Matt Kemp #27 of the Los Angeles Dodgers hits a two run home run in the third inning of the game against the Philadelphia Phillies at Dodger Stadium on May 30, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA – MAY 30: Matt Kemp #27 of the Los Angeles Dodgers hits a two run home run in the third inning of the game against the Philadelphia Phillies at Dodger Stadium on May 30, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Matt Kemp watches the flight of his two-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Zach Eflin stands on the mound as Los Angeles Dodgers' Matt Kemp rounds the bases after hitting a two-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Matt Kemp celebrates his two-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Max Muncy, left, is congratulated by Matt Kemp after hitting a home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
LOS ANGELES, CA – MAY 30: Matt Kemp #27 of the Los Angeles Dodgers is greeted in the dugout after hitting a two run home run scoring Yasmani Grandal #9 of the Los Angeles Dodgers in the third inning of the game against the Philadelphia Phillies at Dodger Stadium on May 30, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA – MAY 30: Cody Bellinger #35 of the Los Angeles Dodgers looks on as fans attempt to catch the home run ball hit by Nick Williams #5 of the Philadelphia Phillies in the seventh inning of the game at Dodger Stadium on May 30, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images)
Philadelphia Phillies' Nick Williams celebrates his home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Ross Stripling throws to a Philadelphia Phillies batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
LOS ANGELES, CA – MAY 30: Cody Bellinger #35 of the Los Angeles Dodgers beats the throw to Cesar Hernandez #16 of the Philadelphia Phillies for a stolen base in the third inning of the game at Dodger Stadium on May 30, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA – MAY 30: Cody Bellinger #35 of the Los Angeles Dodgers rounds third to score on a single by Ross Stripling #68 of the Los Angeles Dodgers in the fifth inning of the game against the Philadelphia Phillies at Dodger Stadium on May 30, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Cody Bellinger runs toward home plate to score on a double hit by Chris Taylor during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers manager Dave Roberts talks to starting pitcher Rich Hill before the team's baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Chris Taylor gets ready for the team's baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Zach Eflin throws against the Los Angeles Dodgers during the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Ross Stripling throws to first base for the out on Philadelphia Phillies' Cesar Hernandez during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Philadelphia Phillies' Scott Kingery misses a ground ball hit by Los Angeles Dodgers' Logan Forsythe during the fourth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Zach Eflin wipes his face after walking Los Angeles Dodgers' Yasmani Grandal during the third inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Ross Stripling follows through on an RBI single during the fifth inning against the Philadelphia Phillies in a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Cody Bellinger looks away after striking out during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
Philadelphia Phillies' Mitch Walding leans over the rail in an unsuccessful attempt to catch a foul ball hit by Los Angeles Dodgers' Joc Pederson during the fifth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
LOS ANGELES — This reboot is still going strong.
Matt Kemp led an 8-2 thumping of the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night, driving in four runs for the Dodgers with an RBI double, a two-run home run and a sacrifice fly.
Kemp finished the night batting .345 – best in the National League and second only to Boston's Mookie Betts (.359). That goes with his .928 OPS (tied for fifth in the NL) and .554 slugging percentage (fourth).
It's the kind of performance that could cost Kemp a four-day vacation in mid-July and land him at the All-Star Game in Washington instead.
Just like we all expected, right?
No more so than the Dodgers expected to end May with Walker Buehler and Ross Stripling as their most overpowering starters.
Stripling continued to make himself at home in the Dodgers' rotation with another dominating performance. Two of the first three Phillies hitters reached base – on a leadoff walk and an infield single. Stripling retired 17 of the next 19 batters and took a two-hit shutout into the seventh inning.
No one has taken better advantage of the opportunity created by the Dodgers' growing assortment of injuries than Stripling. He finished with one run allowed on four hits in seven innings Wednesday and has gone deeper into the game in each of his five starts this month. In those starts, he has a 1.24 ERA, a 0.97 WHIP and 40 strikeouts in 29 innings.
Sign up for our Inside the Dodgers newsletter . Be the best Dodger fan you can be by getting daily intel on your favorite team. Subscribe here
More unexpected – he dropped an RBI single into right field after Phillies manager Gabe Kapler had intentionally walked the No. 8 hitter with two outs in the fifth inning.
The Dodgers had plenty of offense without Stripling's help. In addition to Kemp's 16th multi-hit game of the season and first four-RBI game as a Dodger since Sept. 2014, Max Muncy also homered – his seventh homer since being promoted from Triple-A in mid-April.
The Dodgers' 13-hit attack also included an RBI double from Chris Taylor. More modestly but perhaps more hopefully, Cody Bellinger had a pair of singles in the win. It was Bellinger's first multi-hit game since May 8. In 20 games since then, Bellinger has been unable to part the May gray, going 10 for 72 (.139) with 24 strikeouts.
More to come on this story.
When Ben LeBlanc, 37, worked in finance, the most important part of his day was finding a tasty lunch, but he was often disappointed.
“I was like, ‘F, man! Nobody makes great soup,' ” says LeBlanc, who lives in Tribeca and grew up as a food lover in Louisiana. “It's always an afterthought.”
LeBlanc is looking to change that with Good Stock, a new fast-casual restaurant with locations in Midtown (inside Urbanspace Vanderbilt food hall, 230 Park Ave.) and the West Village (31 Carmine St.) focusing on soups and only soups. The shops serve up steaming cups of short-rib chili, tomato bisque and fried-chicken gumbo, and each is thoughtfully garnished the way it would be at a fancy sit-down restaurant — with scallions and cheddar, Gruyere croutons, scallions and Crystal Hot Sauce, respectively. There are also exotic specials — for the grab-and-go lunch world — such as rabbit pot-pie soup topped with a biscuit, as well as kimchi stew.
Per Se and Bouley alum David Santos is in the kitchen, cooking up unique, complex stocks for the soup bases and making the kimchi and biscuits from scratch. Ingredients come from top suppliers, including D'Artagnan meats, Napa's Rancho Gordo beans and Bien Cuit, a Brooklyn bakery that provides the crusty slices of bread that come free with the soups.
City sippers are appreciating the effort, lining up at Urbanspace Vanderbilt, where Good Stock is one of the most popular stalls and often sells out of popular specials.
Says LeBlanc: “There's no reason you can't make soup with great ingredients and proper technique.”
Video
The world economy will either contract or slow down due to protectionist trade policies, the director general of the WTO says.
Roberto Azevedo also tells BBC economics editor Kamal Ahmed that Donald Trump's rise was a result of structural tensions in the global economy.
Mr Azevedo says those tensions are at the root of moves towards a trade war, rather than being Mr Trump's fault.
Now Playing: Bartender: Suspected shooter 'came off a little creepy'
Now Playing: Mom turns to Facebook to thank 'Wal-Mart angel'
Now Playing: Friend of suspected shooter describes 'happy-go-lucky guy'
Now Playing: A timeline of the shooting at a Virginia baseball field
Now Playing: Nurses honoring tiny 'graduates' leaving the NICU
Now Playing: Friend of Virginia shooter had no inclination he was violent
Now Playing: San Francisco police respond to shooting at UPS facility
Now Playing: Rep. Costello: 'I would've been right in the line of fire'
Now Playing: Nancy Pelosi: 'It's an injury in the family'
Now Playing: House Speaker Paul Ryan: 'We are united in our anguish'
Now Playing: House chaplain offers prayer in wake of shooting
Now Playing: Bernie Sanders says gunman volunteered on his presidential campaign
Now Playing: Boy dies after being left in hot day care van
Now Playing: Witnesses reflect on the Virginia shooting
Now Playing: Suspect in congressional baseball shooting identified
Now Playing: Trump: Virginia shooting suspect has died
Now Playing: Rep. Barton: 'The shooter never got on the [baseball] field'
Now Playing: Rep. Rooney thankful for Capitol Police's action
Now Playing: Jogger describes being almost hit by gunfire
Teenager, baby she tried to kill missing
By Evelyn Usman
LAGOS—The 19-year-old teenager, who was arrested for attempting to kill her two-month-old baby in Ikorodu area of Lagos on Monday, has absconded with the baby again.
Vanguard reported that the teenaged nursing mother, Adebayo Ayomide, gagged the baby, dumped her in a bush in Ikorodu to die and fled to Bariga.
The secondary school drop-out, as gathered, was impregnated by another 19-year-old Tewogbade Martins, who lives at Igi-Olugbin Street, Bariga, with his parents. But the pregnancy was reportedly rejected by Martins' parents, who alleged that Ayomide was sleeping around.
The baby was delivered at a traditional birth attendant, TBA, centre at Onalaga Street, Bariga, after which Ayomide left for Igbode town, Ogun State, where eyewitnesses said she was seen roaming the streets.
In the process, one Mrs Ajoke Fatai, who was moved by compassion on noticing that the baby had not been washed in days, took the teenager in.
But the teenager left Fatai's home last Saturday, with the baby. Members of a vigilante group, who were attracted by movement from a nearby bush, reportedly went to ascertain what it was, only to find a baby, whose head, neck and nose were tied with a piece of cloth, struggling for breath.
It was learned that one of the residents, who recognised the baby as Ayomide's, subsequently apprehended Mrs Fatai, who related how the teenager left home with the baby.
Ayomide was traced to Bariga, two days later and subsequently taken to the Bariga Police Division, where she was transferred to the Gender Unit at the Command headquarters.
Thereafter, the teenager and her baby were handed over to her supposed mother in-law, Mrs Titilayo Tewogbade, to take care of them.
Mother and child disappear
However, apprehension set in yesterday after mother and child were said to have disappeared.
Vanguard gathered that Mrs Fatai was to report at the Command Headquarters with the nursing mother and her baby yesterday, from where they would be handed over to officials of the Ministry of Youths and Social Development.
When Mrs Fatai reported the disappearance to the Police, she was given 24 hours to look for the missing mother and child.
The Coordinator, Child Protection Network, Shomolu, Toyin Okanlawon, who prevented a mob from attacking the teenager on Monday, reportedly informed the traditional ruler of Bariga of the disappearance of the teenager and her baby.
The post Teenager, baby she tried to kill missing appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
EAST HAMPTON, N.Y. — The town board in New York's East Hampton is moving ahead with efforts aimed at curbing noise at its municipal airport.
Newsday (https://nwsdy.li/2z3t6Fl ) says the board has voted to hire a law firm and noise consultants that will prepare a study for the Federal Aviation Administration.
In the summer, the airport serves as a hub for rich beachgoers zipping in from York City and points beyond. Some fed-up locals want the airport shut down altogether.
Last year, a federal appeals court struck down nighttime curfews and limits on the frequency of “noisy” flights there.
The court said only the FAA has authority to regulate flying hours.
The study could cost up to $2 million and could take two to three years to complete.
——
Information from: Newsday, http://www.newsday.com
Read E-Editions: Subscribe today!
Click Here
or log in to your account:
Username or Email
Password
Remember Me
Lost your password?
← Back to The Apopka Chief Newspaper
If he's harboring any thoughts of challenging Gov. Cuomo next year, Mayor de Blasio would be well advised to shelve them, according to a poll Friday.
A Quinnipiac University poll found that even in his stronghold of New York City, Cuomo would clobber the mayor in a 2018 Democratic primary by grabbing 60 percent of the vote, to his 31 percent.
The results were so lopsided that even Democrats who consider themselves “very liberal” split , with 48 percent backing the progressive mayor and 46 percent going with the governor.
De Blasio and Cuomo have a tense relationship and 52 percent of voters believe their never-ending feud hurts the city.
More voters side with Cuomo (43 percent) than de Blasio (32 percent).
But most, 47 percent, think they have “honest disagreements” and just 35 percent say the feud is “personal.”
The poll of 822 likely New York City voters was taken Sept. 27 to Oct. 4.
A former NHS Tayside psychologist could be struck off after admitting having a sexual relationship with one of his patients.
Markus Themessl-Huber, 44, faces sanctions after confessing he had an affair with the woman, named only as Patient A, over the course of six months.
Between October 2015 and December 24 2015, Mr Themessl-Huber was alleged by the Health and Care Professions Tribunal Service (HCPTS) to have engaged in sexual activities with her both outside of work and at his private clinic.
He was also accused of sending her sexually-explicit emails, making raunchy phone calls and sending her gifts.
The psychologist was further accused of prematurely discharging the woman from her treatment on Christmas Eve in 2015, arguing that it was the only way the relationship could continue.
He was said to have marked the occasion by kissing her on the same day.
The relationship was alleged to have continued from then until March 2016, during which time Mr Themessl-Huber was accused of having sex and engaging in sexual activities with Patient A.
He also faced claims that he continued to send the woman sexually explicit text messages and emails after discharging her, and was said to have plied her with more gifts, including chocolates and a book with a personal inscription.
During a hearing held by the HCPTS at the watchdog's headquarters in London, the psychologist admitted to having the inappropriate relationship.
He also admitted to submitting five false timesheets to NHS Tayside between January 7 and January 20 2016 which allowed him to be paid for time spent out of the office while carrying on the affair. However, he was also accused of submitting false timesheets on December 22 2015 and December 29 2015.
The HCPTS, which adjudicates on the fitness to practice of those working in specialist medical professions, has stated that Mr Themessl-Huber's actions were “sexually motivated” and “dishonest”, and that they constituted misconduct.
At the conclusion of the hearing, the HCPTS will determine whether or not Mr Themessl-Huber is guilty of the allegations and what sanctions — if any — to place on him.
According to an online profile, Mr Themessl-Huber left NHS Tayside — based at Ninewells Hospital — in May last year.
He went on to set up mind-WELL, a service designed to “help people improve their wellbeing and health while connecting more deeply with the people and places they love”.
He has also worked as a researcher at University of Dundee and as a senior lecturer at Central Queensland University in Australia.
An NHS Tayside spokeswoman confirmed he no longer works for the board.
By Adina Bresge, The Canadian Press
If laughter is the best medicine, then standup veteran Mike MacDonald was a healer in the minds of many Canadian comedians.
Members of Canada's comedy scene were remembering MacDonald on Monday, not only for his ability to bring down the house with laughter, but also for the way broke down barriers by making wisecracks about his struggles with drug addiction, mental health and liver damage.
MacDonald died Saturday of heart complications at the Ottawa Heart Institute, according to his brother J.P. MacDonald. He was 62.
"There was always some kind of lesson buried in his comedy," said J.P. MacDonald, who is also known by his stage name Johnny Vegas. "It was more about the message, and sort of wrapping it in a joke."
After kicking a drug problem, Mike MacDonald started joking on stage about his struggles with bipolar disorder around the early 1990s, his brother said.
J.P. MacDonald said the decision temporarily deflated Mike's career, but the comic "groundbreaker" persisted in using jokes as a vehicle to dismantle the stigma surrounding mental illness.
David Granirer, founder of Stand Up For Mental Health, said Mike MacDonald headlined shows across the country to support the organization that teaches people with mental illness to perform comedy.
Granirer said MacDonald would spend hours after his shows helping amateur comedians hone their humorous takes on personal hardship, a technique he helped pioneer.
"Mike's legacy is that he opened the door for a lot of other people to talk about mental health through their comedy acts," he said. "Just the fact that someone with his stature was doing it certainly ... inspired (our comics) to be able to tell their stories in a more direct way."
Coming up in Ottawa comedy clubs, comedian Ben Miner said MacDonald was a hometown hero and often credited as Canada's first standup star, having appeared on the "Late Show with David Letterman" and the "Arsenio Hall Show" as well as several CBC and Showtime specials.
While MacDonald had a larger-than-life presence on the stage, Miner said his ability to be vulnerable allowed him to connect with audiences on a deeper level, and in some cases, even help save lives.
Miner, 37, pointed to a 2016 interview in which MacDonald told CBC's "Mainstreet P.E.I." that a member of the audience approached him after a show to tell him he had decided against committing suicide after laughing at the comedian's jokes on the subject.
"You're never going to get a better reaction from an audience member than somebody saying, 'Your words saved my life,"' said Miner. "Everything that he lived through, it's like he went up and made sure that other people could live through it in an easier way than he did."
Other fans told MacDonald that his public battle to get a liver transplant in 2012 after being diagnosed with hepatitis C inspired them to register as organ donors, Miner said.
Brendan Mertens' upcoming film called "The Mike Stand" documents MacDonald's struggle to regain his footing onstage after his transplant surgery.
Mertens said he is figuring out his next steps to complete the documentary without MacDonald's input, but said one of the benefits of working with a "legend" is that his impact will live on through the generations of standups who have inherited his unbridled style of comedy.
"He opened the door and paved the way for other comedians to do this," said Mertens. "He's not really going to be gone, because we're always going to be talking about him."
JAKARTA, Indonesia — Indonesian authorities are urging people not to climb the active Mount Agung volcano on Bali after a video of a foreigner standing at the edge of its smoking crater circulated online.
Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said Friday that the volcano is “very dangerous” and could explode anytime. It's been at its highest alert level since Sept. 22, sparking an exodus of more than 140,000 people from the area.
The video posted on Facebook shows a middle-aged man speaking French while plumes of steam rise from the crater he is perched above.
Nugroho said an exclusion zone that extends to 12 kilometres (7 miles) from the crater in places should not be entered.
An eruption would release lava and superheated ash and gas clouds that would speed down the mountain's slopes, he said.
Last week, four Hindu priests angered authorities by posting a video of the crater after climbing the peak to pray.
Mount Agung last erupted in 1963, killing more than 1,100 people.
Companies settle with New Mexico in dispute over tribal casinos
Companies settle with New Mexico in dispute over tribal casinos
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
A company that supplied gambling devices to an Indian reservation in New Mexico while it was operating casinos in violation of federal law has agreed to a financial settlement with the state Gaming Control Board.
Marilu Henner admits she wasn't above playing the “Taxi” card if it meant getting her boyfriend a date with a top cancer surgeon. But the surgeon barely glanced at Michael...
The Greenfield Historical Society's annual Ghost Walk will be held on Monday, Oct. 9, at 6 p.m. at the Old Burying Ground behind the Travellers Rest in Greenfield. This year the format will be a little different.
“During the work restoring the Old Burying Ground, volunteers have found that a name keeps reappearing,” the historical society said in a news release. “As they are cleaning the old stones, many of the stones have the signature of George Meech carved on them.”
Scott Andersen and Shirley Shields have researched the life of Meech and determined that he was a stone carver living in Chillicothe who carved stones for the Old Burying Ground. Anderson will portray Meech during the upcoming Ghost Walk, sharing information on the work of a stonecutter and the artwork found on the old stones.
Some of the stones which Meech carved will have their owners come to life to tell their stories as Anderson shows visitors around the cemetery during the walk. Those characters will include Mary Milligan, played by Teena Thornton; Elizabeth Linn McMillen, played by Tonia McClanahan; Matthew Kilgore, played by Otis Wagner; Susanna Jane Crothers, played by Susan Long; and Alexander Crawford Sr., played by Danny Long.
The Ghost Walk is free and open to the public.
Information for this article was submitted by Harold Schmidt with the Greenfield Historical Society.
Otis Wagner is shown portraying a character from last year's Greenfield Historical Society Ghost Walk. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2017/10/web1_Ghost-Walk-pic.jpg Otis Wagner is shown portraying a character from last year's Greenfield Historical Society Ghost Walk.
Free event is Oct. 9 in Greenfield
French retailer Carrefour has removed dog meat products from two supermarkets in China after an outcry from animal rights groups.
Animals Asia said it had already asked the international chain, which operates over 200 stores in China, to remove dog meat from its shelves in 2012.
The company promised to do so, it said, but an inspection by the charity last month found two branches of Carrefour supermarkets in the eastern city of Xuzhou prominently featured dog meat products.
These included "Fankuai turtle-juiced dog meat" sold for 136 yuan (20 dollars), as well as smaller packages of dried dog meat sold for 25.60 yuan.
Carrefour said in a statement that "this is a locally produced product which is sold in only two stores in Xuzhou".
The company said the items were taken off shelves on Tuesday.
"Few people in China expect a supermarket to carry dog meat products. Eating dogs and cats is a minority activity which is considered outdated by the young and middle-class," Animals Asia's director of cat and dog welfare Irene Feng said in a statement.
"The last thing China's animal protection campaigners need is for a modern international supermarket chain to normalise cat and dog eating and support an industry rife with cruelty and illegality," Feng added.
As many as 10 million dogs are killed for food annually in China, according to the Humane Society International.
Dog meat consumption is not illegal in China, but animal rights groups have sought to stop its sale at a controversial annual festival in the southwestern town of Yulin.
The Humane Society International said authorities have banned dog meat sales in Yulin for the festival later this month, but local restaurants have told AFP they were unaware of such a decision.
Thousands of dogs are traditionally killed during the festival in conditions activists describe as brutal, with dogs beaten and boiled alive in the belief that the more terrified they are, the tastier the meat.
Dog meat sellers have said previously that activists' protests have actually attracted greater attention and encouraged more people to eat the meat.
The Balkan Trafik festival has a new challenge: to bring together live artists from Serbia, Kosovo and Bosnia-Herzegovina together over four days. The rehearsals served to build bridges where politicians have not always managed to succeed.
"Before the war I used to have friends Serbs, Bosnians, Croatians," says Bimbimma, a hip hop artist from Kosovo.
"So basically for me this is something natural and this is something that had to be done earlier but I'm glad that eventually it is done because we need to exchange culture first in order for people to exchange points of view and collaborations in any other field."
Marcelo, a hip hop and fusion performer from Serbia, says: "We either are gonna work together or we are gonna kill each other; and we think that it is a little bit better to work together and live together."
This was not the its only gamble. The festival, traditionally oriented towards folk music, has opened its doors this year to urban music: hip hop and slam.
This year, the experience included a Belgian artist, who discovered that the Balkans are not that far.
"I have learnt to discover because before I did not know Balkan music at all, says Youssef Swatts from Belgium. "But with teamwork it comes naturally."
The festival thus builds bridges not only between the countries of the Balkans, but also towards the other countries of Europe. And in their music, often charged with social criticism, hip-hopers have found more than one point in common.
"We fight the corruption, corrupted minds and corrupted sounds, says Bimbimma. "And we also fight the main war: this is materialismus against spiritualismus."
But Balkan Trafik would not be Balkan Trafik without folk music, without brass bands, without klezmer music.
For the organiser of the festival, the time had come to broaden perspectives, to renew.
Says Nicolas Wieërs, the cultural producer of Balkan Trafik: "There is a youth, a new generation in Balkans; the Balkans is not just traditions, is not just folk or ethnic; it is also very contemporary, and this "urban chapter" is here to help meet once more Europe and the Balkans through music and art."
This year Balkan Trafik celebrated its 12th edition and more than ever there was something for everyone. The public seemed to enjoy swapping one genre for another.
"It is very lively, everybody is so happy; the music is so versatile, there are so many kinds of Balkan music, it is wonderfull," says Thomas from Belgium.
In total there were more than 400 artists, from every country in south-eastarn Europe, including Bulgaria, Turkey, and Romania.
Balkan Trafik is an event that mixes tradition and modernity for an eclectic and enthusiastic audience.
The ladies of "Parks and Recreation" reunite for Leslie Knope's favorite holiday.
2017 was a busy TV year, from sleeper hit shows (“The Good Doctor”) to new prestige powerhouses (“The Handmaid's Tale”) to older shows reaching thought-provoking conclusions (“The Leftovers”). But any...
NEW YORK — A former Brooklyn prosecutor was convicted Tuesday of bribery and conspiracy in a gun-permit scandal after giving bribes including a diamond-studded watch to a former New York Police Department sergeant.
John Chambers, 63, of Manhattan, lowered and shook his head as guilty verdicts were announced by a jury forewoman in Manhattan federal court. U.S. District Judge William H. Pauley III set sentencing for Aug. 9.
The conviction came after an ex-NYPD police sergeant testified about lavish gifts he received from Chambers in exchange for speeding up the processing of gun licenses. Prosecutors said permits that normally would take 30 to 40 days to be granted sometimes would be issued within hours.
A lawyer for Chambers said his client was framed by the ex-sergeant.
Defence attorney Roger Stavis said he plans to appeal.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul Monteleoni told jurors during closing arguments Monday that meals, the watch, gift cards, cash and tickets to sports events, among other gifts, were not given as tokens of friendships, as the defence asserted.
“You do not get a pass on bribery because the person you are bribing is your friend,” Monteleoni said.
According to trial testimony, Chambers delivered bribes over much of the last decade to former NYPD Sgt. David Villanueva, 44, of Valley Stream, New York.
Villanueva has pleaded guilty to charges and co-operated with prosecutors in a bid for leniency.
He identified Chambers as one of four individuals who bribed him to speed up gun permit processing.
“John Chambers, a former prosecutor, called himself a gun license ‘expediter,”‘ U.S. Attorney Geoffrey S. Berman said in a release. “What a unanimous jury concluded today was that his expediting amounted to little more than bribing his contacts in the NYPD's License Division.”
Berman said Chambers sometimes helped individuals with criminal records circumvent a process designed to keep them from getting guns.
“The willingness of John Chambers to corrupt the gun License Division for his own benefit exposed the people of New York to unnecessary danger,” the prosecutor added.
The U.S. National Park Service is gearing up for August 21, when a total solar eclipse will occur over a swath across the nation from Oregon to South Carolina, crossing over 21 national park units and seven trails. Some of these parks and the nearby communities may experience historically large crowds. If you haven't planned ahead, beware that lodging and camping is full around most of them, the NPS site warns, and many of the nearby towns have limited services.
Eclipse viewers will be crowding parks across the nation August 21.
The park service, NASA, universities and other agencies and community organizations are offering a range of events at parks in the path of totality.
The park service is advising visitors to bring food, allow extra time for parking, protect your eyes, and take time to enjoy the park beyond the eclipse event.
Here are some of the parks across the U.S. where people will be viewing the eclipse:
John Day Fossil Beds National Monument, Ore.
Finetooth/Wikipedia Sheep Rock, John Day Fossil Beds National Monument.
Total eclipse: 10:20 a.m.
Here, scientists have unearthed fossils of land plants and animals dating back from 44 million to 5 million years, as well as evidence of dramatic climatic changes. Eastern Oregon is predicted to be one of the best total eclipse viewing areas in the country, and the park service anticipates large crowds August 15 — 22, meaning traffic delays and congested parking lots. Areas that are normally open may be closed or open to foot traffic only.
The park has hiking trails, a historic ranch, and a paleontology center.
Also read: Opinion: How to score a last-minute deal to see the solar eclipse
Craters Of The Moon National Monument & Preserve, Idaho
Doug Kerr from Albany, NY/Wikipedia Craters of the Moon, Idaho.
Total eclipse: 11:31 a.m.
Only a northern sliver of this blackened landscape made of lava flows and islands of cinder cones will be in the path of totality, but the park service is holding several events, and the total eclipse can be seen from nearby Arco, Idaho, a town of less than 1,000 people.
Grand Teton National Park, Wyo.
Shutterstock Expect lots of company at Grand Teton on August 21.
Total eclipse: 11:35 a.m.
Just south of Yellowstone, this picturesque mountain range should offer a stunning backdrop for eclipse viewing. The park service expects August 21 to be the busiest day in the history of the park. On eclipse day, the park will alter traffic flow and parking and will offer several designated eclipse viewing areas.
Fort Laramie National Historic Site, Wyo.
Paul Hermans/Wikipedia Fort Laramie
Total eclipse: 11:46 a.m.
This private fur trading fort established in 1834 witnessed the saga of America's western expansion and Indian resistance to encroachment on their territories. Lodging and camping around Fort Laramie are full during the time of the eclipse.
Agate Fossil Beds National Monument, Neb.
The Agate Fossil Hills in the park.
Total eclipse: 11:48 a.m.
This small park (2,700 acres) in the northwest corner of Nebraska gets its name from thin lenses of agate in the area. Agate Fossil Beds offers evidence of a rhino that once roamed North America, and other strange beasts that are long extinct. Light pollution at the park is considered minimal, so it's a good spot for stargazing, as well as eclipse viewing.
Great Smoky Mountains National Park, N.C., Tenn.
Shutterstock
Total eclipse: approx. 1:58 p.m.
Already America's most visited national park, Great Smoky Mountains National Park's entire western half will fall under the path of totality for the eclipse on August 21. Park scientists are asking visitors to help collect data immediately before and after the eclipse by observing sounds, animal behavior, and atmospheric changes. Some of the eclipse events here require tickets and are sold out.
Congaree National Park, S.C.
Jtmartin57/Wikipedia Cedar Creek in Congaree National Park.
Total eclipse: 2:41 p.m.
The largest intact expanse of old growth bottomland hardwood forest remaining in the southeastern U.S., the density of this forest canopy limits views of the sky. The park service is offering guided hikes to spots where visitors can get a look at the eclipse.
Fort Sumter National Monument, S.C.
Methaz/Wikipedia Fort Sumter is only accessible by boat.
Total eclipse: 2:46 p.m.
This is where the Civil War broke out on April 12, 1861, when Confederates opened fire on this federal fort in Charleston Harbor. Fort Sumter is located on an island in the harbor and can only be reached by boat.
Other parks in the path of totality are: Scott's Bluff National Monument and Homestead National Monument of America, both in Nebraska, Harry S. Truman National Historic Site and Ulysses S. Grant National Historic Site in Missouri, Fort Donelson National Battlefield, KY., Tenn., Stones River National Battlefield, Tenn., Manhattan Project National Historical Park (in Tennessee only) Blue Ridge Parkway, N.C, Ninety Six National Historic Site and Charles Pinckney National Historic Site, S.C., the Blue Ridge Parkway and several national trails.
The next solar eclipse visible from the continental U.S. will be April 8, 2024.
Via | The Verge
J. Cole's fifth album, KOD, has broken Apple Music's record for streams in the first 24 hours in the US with 64.5 million streams on its first day, Apple tells The Verge. KOD surpassed the previous record holder, Drake's Views, by nearly 1 million streams. Seven out of the top 10 most streamed songs in a 24-hour period on Apple Music are now from KOD.
Apple Music pulled in 66 percent of the first-day streaming market share for KOD in the US, and 60 percent worldwide, continuing its run of major first-week streaming totals when it comes to hip-hop and R&B artists. Somehow Apple Music — which has 120 million fewer users than Spotify — continues to give its top competitor trouble with releases in the world's most popular genre of music.
READ MORE
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
METHUEN, Mass. (AP) — Authorities in Massachusetts say a 10-month-old baby had to be revived twice after she was exposed to fentanyl.
Police arrived at the Methuen residence early Saturday afternoon after receiving a report of a child not breathing.
First responders took the child to Lawrence General Hospital, where police say she stopped breathing twice and had to be resuscitated. She was later airlifted to Tufts Medical Center in Boston, where she's in stable condition.
Authorities say hospital tests indicate the baby had the potent synthetic opioid fentanyl in her system.
The Department of Children and Families says it has taken custody of the baby. The incident remains under investigation.
Mayor Stephen Zanni says, “The opioid epidemic knows no boundaries.”
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (MEDIA GENERAL) — Whether you're a traditionalist (Netflix), a network-TV fan (Hulu), or just prefer HBO or Amazon Prime there's plenty of great shows and movies to stream in January.
Here's the complete list:
Leaving Netflix in Jan. 2017:
January 1
30 for 30: Winning Time: Reggie Miller vs. The New York Knicks
30 for 30: No Crossover: The Trial of Allen Iverson
30 for 30: The Day the Series Stopped
30 for 30: Jordan Rides the Bus
30 for 30: Without Bias
30 for 30: Once Brothers
30 for 30: Bernie and Ernie
30 for 30: Requiem for the Big East
30 for 30: The Price of Gold
Alvin and the Chipmunks Meet Frankenstein
Alvin and the Chipmunks Meet the Wolfman
Angry Birds Toons (Season 1)
Bewitched
Blade 2
Bring It On
Bring It On: All or Nothing
Breakfast at Tiffany's
Coming to America
Columbo (Season 1)
Crash
Cupcake Wars Collection (Collection 2)
Chopped Collection (Collection 2)
Dazed and Confused
Final Destination 3
Flip or Flop (Season 1)
Fixer Upper (Season 1)
Ghost Town
Hairspray
House Hunters Collection (Collection 3)
House Hunters International Collection (Collection 3)
House Hunters Renovation Collection (Collection 1)
Jake and the Never Land Pirates (Seasons 1-3)
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (Season 13)
Little Black Book
Little Man
Maid in Manhattan
Miracle on 34th Street
Murder, She Wrote (Seasons 1-12)
Nanny McPhee
Property Brothers (Seasons 4-5)
Saved by the Bell (Seasons 1-6)
South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut
Stardust
Superstar
The Italian Job
The Painted Veil
Sixteen Candles
Saving Private Ryan
The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift
The Fast and the Furious
The Uninvited
The Amityville Horror
The Wicker Man
Vanity Fair
You Live in What? (Season 3)
Zoom: Academy for Superheroes
January 6
The Girl Who Played with Fire
The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest
January 29
Stephen King's A Good Marriage
If
Leaving Hulu in Jan. 2017:
January 31
Apocalypse Now (1979)
Apocalypse Now Redux (2001)
Bolero (1984)
Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle (2003)
The Cutting Edge (1992)
Enter the Ninja (1981)
Good Will Hunting (1997)
Hammett (1982)
Hoosiers (1986)
One from the Heart (1982)
Punch Drunk Love (2002)
Quigley Down Under (1990)
Rounders (1998)
Sling Blade (1996)
Top Secret! (1984)
Leaving HBO Now in Jan. 2017:
Leaving December 31
Bad Santa, 2003
Black Sea, 2014
The Bourne Ultimatum, 2007
The Boy Next Door, 2015
Catacombs, 2007
Deep Blue Sea, 1999
Dog Day Afternoon, 1975
Dumb And Dumber, 1994
Eight Legged Freaks, 2002
The Fantastic Four, 2015
Ghost, 1990
High Fidelity, 2000
Joy Ride, 2001
Jupiter Ascending, 2015
Lost In Space, 1998
The Man From U.N.C.L.E., 2015
MI-5, 2015
Mistress In America, 2015
Naked Lunch, 1991
National Treasure, 2004
Next Friday, 2000
Not Another Teen Movie, 2001
Ocean's Thirteen, 2007
Pan, 2015
Poltergeist, 1982
Reindeer Games, 2000
Say Anything…, 1989
Scarface, 1983
Scent Of A Woman, 1992
Snakes On A Plane, 2006
Coming to Netflix in Jan. 2017:
Jan. 1
Around the World in 80 Days (2002)
After Innocence
Bee Movie
Boogie Nights
Braveheart
Caddyshack
Collateral Damage
Dreamcatcher
El Dorado
E.T. the Extra Terrestrial
HALO Legends
Hugo
Justin Bieber: Never Say Never
License to Drive
Nancy Drew
Ocean's Twelve
Real Detective: Season 1
Superman Returns
Superman II
Superman III
Superman IV
Superman: The Movie
The Parent Trap (1961)
The Shining
The Perfect Physique
The Rat Race (2012)
To Be A Miss
Trudell
A
V for Vendetta
Vanilla Sky
Jan. 3
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (Season 11)
Jen Kirkman: Just Keep Livin'?
Jan. 6
Coin Heist
Degrassi: Next Class (Season 3)
Growing Up Coy
Mar de Plastico (Season 1)
One Day at a Time (Season 1)
Tarzan and Jane (Season 1)
Jan. 7
Alpha and Omega 7
Miss Sharon Jones
Under the Shadow
Jan. 9
Best and Most Beautiful Things
Ratchet and Clank
January 10
As I Open My Eyes
Best Friends Whenever
Happily Married
Jim Gaffigan: Cinco
We're Lalaloopsy (Season 1)
January 11
Disney's Alice Through The Looking Glass
January 13
A Series of Unfortunate Events (Season 1)
Aquarius
Casablancas: The Man Who Loved Women
Clinical
Historia de un clan (Season 1)
It Follows
The Investigator: A British Crime Story (Season 1)
January 14
Camp X-Ray
Cardboard Boxer
Estar O No Estar
January 15
A Beautiful Now
Hostage to the Devil
Señora Acero (Season 3)
Twisted Trunk, Big Fat Body
Wartime Portraits (Season 1)
January 16
Flash of Genius
Halloweed
Rezort
January 17
Fatima
Neal Brennan: 3 Mics
Roger Corman's Death Race 2050
January 19
Good Kids
January 20
Frontier (Season 1)
Papa
Take the 10
Voltron: Legendary Defender (Season 2)
January 21
Bates Motel (Season 4)
Grami's Circus Show (Season 2)
January 24
Cristela Alonzo: Lower Classy
Gad Gone Wild
Hieronymus Bosch, Touched by the Devil
Kill Command
Terrace House: Aloha State (Season 1: Part 1)
January 25
Era el cielo
January 27
Home: Adventures with Tip & Oh (Season 2)
iBOY
Kazoops! (Season 2)
Shadows of Truth
Sharknado: The 4th Awakens
January 28
Ripper Street (Season 4)
January 30
Antibirth
Swing State
January 31
Bill Burr Stand Up Special
Coming to Hulu in Jan. 2017:
January 1
Across the Universe (2007)
Amelie (2001)
The Amityville Horror (2005)
Annie Hall (1977)
Baby Boom (1987)
Bad Girls from Mars (1991)
Beverly Hills Cop 2 (1987)
Beverly Hills Cop 3 (1994)
Beverly Hills Vamp (1989)
Black Sheep (1996)
Blaze You Out (2013)
Blow Away (1993)
Blue Hill Avenue (2003)
Boxcar Bertha (1972)
The Brady Bunch Movie (1995)
The Burbs (1989)
Bug (2006)
Chowder, seasons 1-3 (Cartoon Network)
Cold War (2012)
Craig Ferguson: Does This Need to be Said? (2011)
Cruel Intentions (1999)
Curse of the Starving Class (1994)
Deadly Blessing (1981)
Dracula 3000 (2004)
Duma (2005)
The Eternal (1998)
Explorers (1985)
Extreme Justice (1993)
Eyes of an Angel (1994)
Footloose (1984)
Gargoyles: Wings of Darkness (2004)
Happily N'Ever After (2006)
Happily N'Ever After 2 (2009)
Jackass: The Movie (2002)
Jackass Number Two (2006)
Jeepers Creepers 2 (2003)
Jesus' Son (2000)
King Kong (1976)
Leaving Las Vegas (1995)
Lethal Weapon (1987)
Lethal Weapon 2 (1989)
Lethal Weapon 3 (1992)
Lethal Weapon 4 (1998)
The Long Riders (1980)
Man in the Moon (1991)
Mission: Impossible (1996)
Mutant Species (1995)
Norm of the North (2016)
Open Season (2006)
The Piano (1994)
Primal Fear (1996)
Promised Land (1987)
The Powerpuff Girls (Classic), seasons 1-6 (Cartoon Network)
The Relic (1997)
Runaway Bride (1999)
Senorita Justice (2004)
Shooters (2003)
Silent Tongue (1993)
Six Weeks (1982)
Sleepy Hollow (1999)
South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut (1999)
Split Image (1982)
The Spy Next Door (2010)
Stephen King's Graveyard Shift (1998)
Stephen King's Silver Bullet (1985)
Teresa's Tattoo (1994)
Trading Places (1983)
Transporter 3 (2008)
Trekkies (1997)
Trekkies 2 (2004)
Trucks (1997)
The Untouchables (1987)
Vanilla Sky (2001)
A Very Brady Sequel (1996)
War Games (1983)
Wasted, season 1 (BBC)
What's Cooking? (2000)
Witness (1985)
Coming to Amazon Prime in Jan. 2017:
January 1
13 Hours: Secret Soldiers of Benghazi
Across the Universe
American History X
Are We Done Yet?
Are We There Yet?
Blood Diamond
Happy Feet
Hellboy (2004)
Maid in Manhattan
Norm of the North
Radio (2003)
Rent
Stardust (2007)
January 3
She's All That
January 9
The Infiltrator (2016)
We're Going on a Bear Hunt, season 1
January 13
Just Add Magic, season 2 (Amazon original)
Sneaky Pete, season 1 (Amazon original)
January 17
The A-Word, season 1
Red Rock, season 2
January 22
Where to Invade Next
January 23
The Choice
January 26
America Divided, season 1
January 27
Dirty Grandpa
Z: The Beginning of Everything, season 1 (Amazon original)
January 30
Swiss Army Man
Coming to HBO Now in Jan. 2017:
January 1
Above the Law, 1988
Baby Mama, 2008
Beautiful Creatures, 2013
The Big Lebowski, 1998
The Blues Brothers, 1980
Blues Brothers 2000, 1997
Bringing out the Dead, 1999
The Cell, 2000
Cloud Atlas, 2012
Cold Mountain, 2003
Dallas Buyers Club, 2013
Dr. Seuss' Horton Hears a Who!, 2008
Evil Dead 2, 1987
Fool's Gold, 2008
Forgetting Sarah Marshall, 2008
Friday, 1995
The Happening, 2008
Innerspace, 1987
Lady in the Water, 2006
Lost & Found, 1999
Mad Max: Fury Road, 2015
My Cousin Vinny, 1992
Risky Business, 1983
The Road Warrior, 1982
The Sixth Sense, 1999
Steel, 1997
Unbreakable, 2000
The Village, 2004
January 6
Nada S.A. (Nothing Co.), 2014
Me case con un boludo (I Married a Dumbass), 2016
January 7
Sesame Street, Season 47 Premiere
Demolition, 2002
January 8
Genius, 2016
January 13
The Visit, 2015
Yo no soy querrillero (I'm Not a Rebel), 2016
January 14
Now You See Me 2, 2016
January 15
The Young Pope, Series Premiere
January 21
Real Time with Bill Maher, 2017 Premiere
The Boss, 2016 (Extended Cut)
January 23
Beware the Slenderman (1/23)
January 28
The Nice Guys, 2016
January 30
Becoming Warren Buffett (1/30)
The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.
Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews
Most Popular Interviews
Finding Value Opportunities in the Domestic-Focused Market of Indonesia James Morton
Companies covered: 005930 NMR ITOCY BFIN CFIN ERAA 1800 PTPP WSKT PNBN
Creating Long and Short Exposures to ETFs Using Options Jeffrey S. Pavlick
Protecting Portfolios with a Quality Overlay and Diversification Into Asset Classes Jason Jackman
Companies covered: SJM ORCL MSFT ADBE
The Post's NFL predictions: Tom Brady and Pats will be angry The Post's football experts predict the teams and players who will claim the NFL's top prizes in the 2016 season. First, Steve Serby peers into his crystal ball for how...
Who's the next Cam Newton? Here are 10 possibilities After four years of very good, Cam Newton made the unexpected leap to most valuable last season. The Panthers quarterback was the runaway choice for the NFL's MVP award in...
The 50 most fascinating people in the NFL With TV ratings that only seem to go up in an era of cord-cutting in which that is an anomaly, the NFL is living large these days. The league can...
The NFL stars who've taken over New York couldn't be more different Eli Manning is blessed: When he launches a football skyward, he has Odell Beckham Jr. to go up and get it, sometimes with one hand, a sight for sore eyes....
Giants preview: Will reboot look as good on field as it does on paper? No playoffs in four consecutive years. A losing record in each of the past three years. The Giants looked in the mirror and saw a franchise not only headed in...
Jets preview: Built for dominance — and disappointment The Jets enter the 2016 season with high hopes after falling one game short of the playoffs last year and with largely the same group of players returning....
Your team-by-team guide to the NFL season The Post's preview and predictions for all 32 NFL teams. AFC East 1. Patriots: 10-6 Deflategate Deshmategate, 12 games of Brady and 16 games of Belichick are still too much....
Aviation authority installs new board
– entity lauded for action taken last year against recently doomed Cuban aircraft
With the appointment of the Guyana Civil Aviation Authority (GCAA)'s new nine-member board, the local aeronautics industry is expected to see further improvement.
The board was installed yesterday morning at GCAA's head office in Kingston.
At the installation ceremony, Minister within the Ministry of Public Infrastructure, Annette Ferguson recalled the significant achievements the Authority has made in the last two years.
“The level of compliance has risen from 44.4 percent to 64.6 percent. By virtue of us improving in that area, the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) has recognised these vast improvements we made over those last few years…millions were expended in the last two and half years on training,” Minister Ferguson explained.
Other successes highlighted include the installation of a new simulator at CJIA, additional manual training and the move from issuing manual pilot licenses to ‘modernised' ones.
Alluding to the recent misfortune with the Cuban aircraft which took the life of over 100 persons in that country, the Minister lauded the Director General, Retired Lieutenant Colonel Egbert Field and his team for taking the decision to not allow the aircraft to fly out of Guyana due to its non-compliance.
The plane had been bringing Cubans to shop in Guyana, but its operations halted because of safety concerns.
Minister Ferguson charged the new board to continue to work together, to ensure that the working environment is one free from discrimination and victimization and strive towards a 90 percent and above compliance level.
GCAA's Director General Field said the new board with the help of the government and chairman will support GCAA in “soaring higher” amidst challenges.
“The imminent oil production has created a lot of activity when it comes to the aviation industry. The expanded CJIA with its extended runway and our own domestic aviation continues to grow as the gold price rises. So, it's a tsunami ahead of this authority but I'm up to the challenge,” Field stated.
Chairman of GCAA (rtd.) Lieutenant Colonel, Lawrence London committed to enhancing the aviation sector. He stressed that the new board's mission is to “make sure the skies are safe”.
“We will ensure that requests which come through us, whether for training or for approvals for air operative's certificates… that due diligence is taken and the work is done as quickly as possible. The Director General and his team have been doing a fantastic job and we will support them to ensure that the aviation public is well served,” London explained.
Other board members include Permanent Secretary, Kenneth Jordan; Field; Lt Colonel Courtney Byrne, Duke Pollard, Chief Executive Officer of the Cheddi Jagan International Airport, Ramesh Ghir; Sadie Amin, Sharon Beverly and Leon Castello.
If we can't beat online radicals, why not ban them? For much of the Obama presidency, the State Department waged a narrative war against the world's jihadists. Through a small office known as the Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications, a...
Jihadis are obsessed with American al Qaeda leader's old sermon It was a chilling prediction issued as part of a propaganda video intended to fuel hatred between Muslims and the West. Now jihadis claim the words of American-born al Qaeda...
Ohio State attacker likely inspired by ISIS videos, FBI says The 18-year-old Somali refugee who drove a car into a group of fellow Ohio State students — and then slashed at them with a butcher knife — likely received “inspiration”...
The secret sex life of one of al Qaeda's most fearsome members With the exception of Osama bin Laden, Anwar al-Awlaki was the most fearsome member of al Qaeda ever faced by the United States. The American-born Awlaki preached jihad from Yemen...
Al-Qaeda recruiter gets 22 years in prison A Nigerian national who served as a propagandist and recruiter for late al-Qaeda leader Anwar al-Awlaki was ​hit with a 22 year prison term Wednesday in Brooklyn federal court. Lawal...
How the CIA set a terrorist up with 'groupie' for marriage — and death In September 2009, Morten Storm, a young Danish national-turned-Islamic jihadist, flew to Yemen to visit an old friend — Anwar al-Awlaki, the American-born terrorist leading al Qaeda in Yemen. Awlaki had...
Some carriers, like Verizon, are starting to bring back unlimited data plans. Why the return, and why did they go away in the first place? CNET's Lindsey Turrentine breaks it down for us. Afterwards, Business Insider's Kif Leswing explains the turmoil happening at Magic Leap — an augmented reality company that's been promising wearable tech that can project images onto the real world. Finally, we'll look at the most popular (and possibly surprising) city on Tinder during Valentine's Day last year. Any guesses?
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Eskenazi Health is making a huge effort to provide locally made goods in its hospital's food service.
Sidney & Lois Eskenazi Hospital will be teaming up with the state Department of Agriculture to make the effort possible through the Indiana Grown program. The announcement was made Monday afternoon.
Watch the video to learn more.
SQUAMISH, B.C. — Searchers are using an underwater camera to scour one of the pools of a majestic waterfall north of Vancouver, in hopes of determining its depth or spotting any sign of three missing people.
Squamish Search and Rescue spokesman John Willcox says a young woman was swept into one of the pools at about noon Tuesday and her boyfriend and another man tried to save her but were also swept away.
Squamish RCMP had said the three were swimming in one of the icy pools that form part of Shannon Falls, a 335-metre waterfall about 60 kilometres north of Vancouver.
Speaking at a news conference Tuesday evening, Willcox said the camera was being used to check a specific pool after friends of the victims reported seeing them swept over the lip of one pool toward a second about 30 metres below.
RCMP Corp. Sascha Banks described the terrain as “difficult, very dangerous, and the water flow is heavy which is complicating the search.”
The three have been identified and their families are being informed but Banks says their names have not yet been released.
From the section
Image copyright Leeds City Council Image caption Repairs have cost in excess of £5m
A road bridge closed since flooding in December 2015 is to reopen in September after repairs costing £5.1m.
Linton bridge, between Linton and Collingham, near Wetherby, West Yorkshire, shut on 27 December 2015 as the flooded River Wharfe made it unsafe.
The Grade II-listed structure suffered major damage to its foundations
Leeds City Council said the repair bill had been funded by the Department for Transport.
Read more about this and other stories from across Yorkshire
The structure over the River Wharfe, which links the communities of Linton and Collingham, will reopen to all users on 2 September.
More than 100 bridges were damaged by floods in West Yorkshire following Storm Eva
1:06 Arthouse gallery closing its door Pause
2:45 Understanding the Electoral College: 'A process not a place'
1:18 Troubles continue at Fresno's Hotel California
2:35 What were the 5 best video games of 2016?
2:30 Movie trailer: 'Doctor Strange'
0:33 Detectives nab woman and man who stole $2,500 in Christmas gifts
2:07 Fresno State tops Nevada in New Years Eve thriller
1:01 TSA's top 10 most unusual finds: 2016
1:57 Remember playing with kaleidoscopes, pecking hens, spinning tops and jacks?
Former Celtics great Paul Pierce was at TD Garden for Sunday's Game 7 to work on ESPN's postgame broadcast. But as the fourth quarter was set to begin, Pierce had something to say to LeBron James.
New footage emerged from TNT producer Mike Goldfarb, which showed Pierce shouting something at a stoic LeBron. We don't know what was said (maybe it was trash talk or maybe it was just some friendly banter), but LeBron didn't engage with Pierce nonetheless.
Hadn't seen this angle til now. C's fans can blame Paul Pierce for poking the bear in Game 7 pic.twitter.com/0LwspT4Hy2 — Mike Goldfarb (@MikeGoldFool) May 30, 2018
Was Pierce poking the bear? It looked possible given that Pierce and LeBron would have two more exchanges during the quarter.
After Jayson Tatum's posterizing dunk on LeBron, an animated Pierce shouted towards the court before saying to the crowd, “Oh my God.”
Then, as the Cavaliers pulled away in the final moments of the game, LeBron stared in Pierce's direction and yelled. Someone else in the crowd then patted Pierce on the back.
LeBron scored 35 points in the series-clinching win.
Martin Sorrell is staging a comeback just six weeks after he was ousted from WPP, using the same formula as in the 1980s when he transformed a little-known shell company into the world's biggest advertising group.
One of Britain's best known businessmen, Sorrell said he would invest 40 million pounds ($53 million) of his own money into Derriston Capital while institutional investors have pledged 150 million pounds ($199 million) to buy marketing companies.
The London-listed group will be renamed S4 Capital, in reference to four generations of Sorrell's family, while he will become executive chairman.
Its next moves are likely to be closely watched in an industry facing questions over whether the ad guru's model is still the best way to deliver ad, marketing, research data and media buying in a digital world.
WPP and its peers have struggled in recent years as major consumer goods groups such as Unilever trimmed spending on marketing and took some services in house, while consultancies such as Accenture have stepped up competition and Facebook and Google dominate the online ad market.
“S4 Capital is a company that aims to build a multi-national communication services business focused on growth,” the 73-year-old said. “There are significant opportunities for development in technology, data and content.”
Taking charge of a listed shell company repeats the tactic Sorrell used in the 1980s when he took a stake in Wire and Plastics Products, a maker of shopping baskets, and used it as a vehicle to buy some of the most famous advertising agencies such as JWT and Ogilvy & Mather.
Sorrell quit WPP after the board opened an investigation into an allegation of personal misconduct.
The company has not given any details and Sorrell has denied any wrongdoing. He told staff he had stepped down because the disruption was putting too much pressure on the business.
ANNUAL CERTIFICATION OF PHYSICAL INVENTORY DUE JUNE 30, 2017
To comply with State Regulations, all System and TTU departments are required to conduct an annual physical inventory of all capitalized and controlled personal property. Inventory Certifications are due June 30, and must be completed through the Property Inventory Web Application which can be found at www.fiscal.ttuhsc.edu/propinv/.
DID YOU KNOW……Physical inventories can be conducted and submitted for certification anytime during the Fiscal Year; but, they must be certified by the Property Custodian by June 30th. New Property Custodians and delegates are encouraged to sign up for the Property Inventory Web Application Training through SumTotal. This is an interactive online training where you will learn how to navigate the online system, make inventory transfers, update locations, submit and certify your inventory. If you have any questions, please contact property.management@ttu.edu.
Gov. Cuomo has thrown up his hands, declared “mission accomplished” and turned his back on Albany for the rest of year. Don't be surprised if this leaves him time to visit Iowa and New Hampshire.
The governor says he'd rather spend his time “building things” than wrestling the Legislature to deliver, say, ethics reform — which he as recently as last November called a major priority.
In past years, Cuomo — like previous governors — and his aides have used the post-budget period to put together a package of remaining issues to push lawmakers on before they adjourn in June.
But this time 'round, there's no need to send anything else to the Senate and Assembly. “Everything big we wanted to get done, we got done in the budget,” the governor declared over the weekend.
Well, OK, there's ethics — but there, Cuomo insists, “you don't have the political will to get it done,” so he'll simply sit back and “respond to the initiatives that the Legislature comes up with.”
That's not exactly leadership, but maybe Cuomo is feeling gun-shy after the pitched battles he had to fight to get the rest of his agenda.
Then again, if he were truly serious about ethics, maybe he'd put the issue above getting more billions for his “economic development” schemes. At the least, he wouldn't be fighting tooth-and-nail to prevent any outside review of how that cash gets spent.
But if he's not going to be in Albany, what will Cuomo do with his free time? Building things, after all, doesn't mean the governor will be standing onsite in his hard hat personally directing construction.
Our guess is, this will leave him plenty of time to go around the country, touting his accomplishments to receptive national Democrats — and revving up his growing attacks on President Trump.
Maybe he should spend some time considering why polls show New Yorkers still don't think he'd make a very good president.
LeBron James' move to Los Angeles is an exciting time for Lakers fans. James' addition instantly makes the Lakers contenders, but one Lakers fan may have gotten a bit carried away.
As Twitter user Andrew Perez walked by Kobe Bryant's mural on Melrose Avenue, he noticed that LeBron's face had been taped over Kobe's. Perez was not having any of that and took it upon himself to protect the sanctity of Kobe's Lakers legacy.
He did so with a shoe.
Saw this blasphemy of LeBron's face taped on top of #mambaonmelrose, so I had to do what was right. Thank you for coming @KingJames, but @kobebryant is still the king of LA. pic.twitter.com/VbayCu0OxO — Andrew Perez (@andoneperez) July 4, 2018
Perez needed just 10 attempts to get LeBron's face off the Kobe mural, which was quite impressive. That LeBron face was taped on there pretty solidly. He could have easily lost his shoe on the roof or something. It took serious commitment.
As Perez said, Kobe “is still the king of LA.”
They'll just need to give LeBron his own mural somewhere else.
Image caption The BBC is promoting the trial as providing the "best ever picture quality" iPlayer has offered
The BBC is to stream dozens of World Cup matches live in 4K resolution and high dynamic range colour (HDR) to UK-based audiences in June and July.
It will mark the first time iPlayer has covered one of the major sporting events in such quality.
However, it will limit the number of screens with access, and will do so on a first-come first-served basis.
The BBC also plans a separate virtual reality experience. One expert said the news had been highly anticipated.
"There had been a couple of earlier trials that had not been highly publicised, but now everyone who has compatible equipment should be able to see some of the best picture quality made available via a terrestrial broadcast," commented Andy Madden, content editor at What Hi-Fi? magazine.
"They should see a marked improvement in detail and a brighter, punchier picture than they had previously."
Brighter, sharper
The term 4K - which is sometimes referred to as being ultra-high definition (UHD) - refers to the fact that an image contains four times as many pixels as a 1080p high definition picture.
This can reveal details that would otherwise be obscure - including the notes written on a yellow or red card, or the time on a referee's watch.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The World Cup runs from 14 June to 15 July
The bigger the screen and/or the closer its audience is, the more obvious the enhancement provided.
Many people, however, have found that it is HDR that provides the biggest "wow factor".
The technology takes advantage of the fact modern TVs can go brighter and/or darker than they used to, providing a greater dynamic range.
As result, the shadows of an image can be made less murky while the highlights - including glints of light reflected off metal or water - can be given more impact.
HDR is also accompanied by the adoption of a "wider colour space", meaning millions more colours can be displayed than had been the case before.
BT began screening live sport in 4K in 2015, and Sky followed a year later, but neither do so in HDR.
The BBC is able to, thanks to the development of a new type of HDR called hybrid-log gamma (HLG), which has been created in conjunction with the Japanese broadcaster NHK.
As an added benefit, footage will be played at 50 frames per second rather than the normal 25fps.
Restricted view
All 29 of BBC One's World Cup matches are scheduled to be made available in 4K and HDR.
But each will be limited to "tens of thousands of people" - the exact number of iPlayer-equipped devices has not been specified in advance.
Image caption Compatible devices will offer access to the 4K HDR streams via iPlayer's home screen
To gain access, viewers must be among the first to click on the relevant home screen button just after each stream starts.
To enjoy the optimum experience, the BBC says audiences will need a 40 megabit per second (Mbit/s) internet connection - which is faster than that to which most households have access.
Those with slower download speeds may find they are provided a lower-resolution image.
BBC engineers first trialled the tech involved in public in April, when they streamed a rugby league match between York City Knights and Catalans Dragons.
More recently, they streamed the second half of the FA Cup final between Chelsea and Manchester United.
However, neither event was publicised in advance, so attracted a much smaller audience than the forthcoming competition in Russia should deliver.
Virtual spectators
In addition, the BBC plans to offer live virtual reality views of 33 games via a dedicated app, that will take account of the viewers' head movements.
It will be made available closer to the time on iOS and Android devices, as well as the Gear VR, Oculus Go and PlayStation VR headsets.
It will allow users to switch location to get the view from a "luxury private box" on high or from behind either of the two goals.
Image caption A VR view of the games will be provided via a computer-generated luxury box
While many experts see 4K and HDR as a natural evolution of today's normal broadcasts, there are doubts as to whether VR will become mainstream in the same way.
Sales of dedicated headsets have been weaker than originally forecast and compelling content has been limited - often because of the added cost involved in creating it.
If done well, live sports coverage could help drive demand, but the risk is that it feels like a gimmick.
"Virtual reality is still in its infancy and has still to catch on with the masses," commented Mr Madden.
"But it's an interesting way for people to see the World Cup."
Less than two weeks ago, Ariana Grande's show in Manchester was disrupted in the most horrific fashion imaginable. Twenty-two fans (many of them children) died when a suicide bomber attacked the Manchester Arena. Her response was to come back to the same city and hold an even bigger show called One Love Manchester, designed to honor and benefit the victims and their families.
Over the course of three hours at Old Trafford Cricket Ground on Sunday night, the likes of Justin Bieber, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, Coldplay, Liam Gallagher and Grande herself attempted to bring some light to a time of darkness for this city in northern England. These were the top moments of a hugely emotional night.
Ariana Grande
The 23-year-old looked like she could break from the emotional strain at almost any moment. But she led from the front and showed grace under pressure, playing the host for all her guests (both famous and not), gamely duetting with Miley Cyrus on Crowded House's “Don't Dream It's Over” and, most importantly, belting out the hits as she acknowledged her fans would have wanted.
Robbie Williams
The former Take That singer was losing his voice, but it didn't matter. By picking “Strong” and “Angels” (the two songs most likely to inspire a singalong), Williams got Old Trafford moving and emoting as one after barely 20 minutes. The crowd continued to sing after he had left the stage.
‘Don't Look Back in Anger'
Back in 1996, when this single from Manchester's own rock 'n' roll heroes Oasis was riding high on the charts, songwriter and guitarist Noel Gallagher was repeatedly asked what this song was about. His answer was that it was nonsense: The lyrics were written just to sound good, and meant nothing. But in the last two weeks, those lyrics have come to mean everything.
Just days after the bombing, a crowd of Mancunians began singing an impromptu version of “Don't Look Back in Anger” during a public memorial service. On Sunday, it was employed again as a source of healing and solace. Chris Martin and Jonny Buckland of Coldplay performed the song delicately, dedicating it to Grande herself — and this time, Manchester sang it even louder.
No Oasis reunion
The rumors were rampant that Noel Gallagher and his brother Liam would reunite for One Love Manchester after years of animosity. But while Liam surprised everyone with his set, and “Don't Look Back in Anger” gave fans another taste of the Britpop legends, the full-fledged Oasis show didn't happen — and it was for the best. The cultural clout the band still has in the UK is huge, and had it reformed (even momentarily), the entire event would have become less about honoring the bombing victims and their families, and more about two famous rock stars calling a truce on their personal pettiness.
Coldplay
There's a very good reason that Coldplay always seems to be on hand for events like these. Their colorful and uplifting set judged the mood perfectly, with Martin dropping in a short verse of “Sit Down” by James (another Manchester-born anthem of solidarity) before segueing into a resplendent “Fix You.”
Later, Martin returned to the stage to accompany Liam Gallagher on an acoustic version of Oasis' “Live Forever” — an act of astonishing backbone, since Gallagher has publicly poked fun at and called Martin just about every name under the sun during the last 17 years. Who wants to poke fun at him now? Anyone? No, didn't think so.
President Donald Trump said Wednesday that pharmaceutical companies would soon announce “massive” cuts in drug prices on a voluntary basis, as he signed a bill allowing terminally ill patients to try experimental drugs.
‘BIG NEWS' COMING IN TWO WEEKS
Speaking before he signed the Right to Try Act, Trump said there would be some “big news” in two weeks, when drug companies would announce “voluntary, massive drops in prices.” Trump didn't name companies or say by how much they may cut the prices of certain kinds of medicines.
The Right to Try bill passed last week in the House. It essentially skirts the Food and Drug Administration's normal approval process to get trial medicines to patients with life-threatening diseases more rapidly.
See: House OKs bill giving terminal patients ‘right to try' experimental drugs.
The iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF IBB, +1.35% was trading about 1% higher after Trump spoke, off the highest levels of the session.
TRUMP ON THE ‘ROSEANNE' CONTROVERSY
Trump took a shot at Disney DIS, +0.31% CEO Bob Iger as he weighed in on the cancellation of “Roseanne.” He tweeted that Iger, who apologized to former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett after Roseanne Barr compared her to an ape, “never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements he made and said about me on ABC.”
Disney-owned ABC canceled Barr's show on Tuesday. It's not immediately clear what comments Iger has made that the president wants an apology for. Last year, Iger quit a White House advisory council following Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate accord.
See: ‘Roseanne' canceled by ABC after its star attacks Obama ally Valerie Jarrett with racist tweet.
TRUMP BASHES SESSIONS, NEW YORK TIMES
Trump took fresh swipes at two of his favorite targets: his own attorney general and the New York Times. Trump quoted Rep. Trey Gowdy, a South Carolina Republican, who said Trump “could have picked somebody else” for the job now held by Jeff Sessions. “I wish I did!” Trump tweeted.
The Times reported late Tuesday that Trump told Sessions last year he should reverse his decision to recuse himself from overseeing the investigation into Russian election meddling. Sessions refused.
Trump also bashed the Times in a tweet for reporting that the crowd for his Tuesday night rally in Nashville numbered 1,000 people. The Times corrected its story to reflect a fire marshal's office estimate that about 5,500 people attended, not 1,000.
Rep.Trey Gowdy, “I don't think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country's.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
....chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I'm not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too...and that's how I read that - Senator Sessions, why didn't you tell me before I picked you..... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
A woman covering her face with a mask for protection from the smoke, stands near the high-rise apartment building where a massive fire raged, in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A deadly night-time fire raced through a 24-story apartment tower in London early Wednesday, killing at least six people and injuring dozens more. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)
In this image made from video provided by Celeste Thomas @MAMAPIE, a building is on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Firefighters are battling a massive fire in an apartment high-rise in London. One side of the building appeared to be in flames. (Celeste Thomas @MAMAPIE via AP)
In this image made from video provided by Mischa Saag, onlookers watch a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Firefighters are battling a massive fire in an apartment high-rise in London. (Mischa Saag via AP)
In this image made from video provided by Mischa Saag, a building is on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Firefighters are battling a massive fire in an apartment high-rise in London. (Mischa Saag via AP)
Smoke and flames rise from building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Firefighters are battling a massive fire in an apartment high-rise in London. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke and flames rise from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke and flames rise from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke and flames rise from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
A person peers out of a window from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke rises from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke rises from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke rises from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A massive fire raced through the high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)
Smoke rises from a high-rise apartment building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A massive fire raced through the 27-story high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, sending at least 30 people to hospitals, emergency officials said. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
A resident in a nearby building watches smoke rise from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A massive fire raced through the 27-story high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, sending at least 30 people to hospitals, emergency officials said. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke rises from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A massive fire raced through the 27-story high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, sending at least 30 people to hospitals, emergency officials said. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke rises from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A massive fire raced through the high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, emergency officials said. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Firefighters rest as they take a break in battling a massive fire that raged in a 27-floor high-rise apartment building in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Fire swept through a high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, killing an unknown number of people and sending more than 50 people to area hospitals. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Smoke and flames billow from a massive fire that raged in a 27-floor high-rise apartment building in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Fire swept through a high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, killing an unknown number of people and sending more than 50 people to area hospitals. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Firefighters rest as they take a break in battling a massive fire that raged in a high-rise apartment building in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Fire swept through a high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, killing an unknown number of people and sending more than 50 people to area hospitals. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Burning debris falls from a massive fire that raged in a high-rise apartment building in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A deadly night-time fire raced through a 24-story apartment tower in London early Wednesday, killing at least six people and injuring dozens more. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)
Oh, Susanna! The poetry and pro-life power of baby names Christina Capecchi Twenty Something
The big news from the Social Security Administration is the ousting of a champion: Liam has dethroned Noah as the nation's most popular boy name. This was the headline of its newly released baby-name report, an annual synthesis of Social Security card applications from the past year that offers a fascinating cultural statement and doubles as a tip sheet for expectant parents.
Those hoping to avoid preschool confusion and the fate of forever appending the first initial of your last name may want to eschew Emma, which secured the No. 1 spot among girl names for the fourth consecutive year, as well as Olivia and Ava, which held their ground at No. 2 and No. 3, respectively.
Our love of a “v” sound buoyed by vowels was also reflected in a few newcomers to the top 10, including Oliver (No. 9) and Evelyn (No. 9).
New moms are dusting off their grandmothers' names, but they're threading that antique lace to red bandana, according to the list of names that made the biggest leaps in popularity. A gust of Wild West spunk emerged in 2017 with the likes of Oaklynn, Oaklee, Luella and Sunny, alongside fast-galloping boy names like Wells, Wilder and Ridge.
Among those who read the report with great interest was a pregnant mom in upstate New York who posted the top 10 to Instagram and commented on Logan's surge to No. 5.
Kate Towne has a trained eye — not only because she has named six sons with her husband but because the 39-year-old stay-at-home mom is the pre-eminent Catholic baby naming consultant. Kate is paid to provide consultations for expectant parents based on her proven expertise, showcased delightfully on her popular blog “Sancta Nomina,” Latin for “holy names.” For $50, she will contemplate a couple's preferences, factor in names of the baby's siblings, scan the saints, conduct research, tap into her exhaustive knowledge, examine her instincts and pray — all leading up to the formulation of at least five suggestions for each gender.
Until you've read Kate's consultations, you can't appreciate the value this provides to a pregnant woman scratching her head over baby names as she launders onesies and writes baby-shower thank-you cards or evicts a toddler from the nursery. There's proof in the pudding: Countless clients have named a child with one of Kate's picks.
Her interest in names was first influenced by her mom, an Irish poet. Kate has always filed away surprising selections and winsome pairings, scrolling favorite names in a notebook at age 14.
Today Kate appreciates the pro-life power of a name, personalizing a baby in utero and conferring it with dignity. She marvels over her unexpected ministry — a term she didn't initially think in until a reader used it.
“I'm so blessed that my funny little interest has turned into something amazing that actually helps other people and gives glory to God,” she said.
It goes to show that ministries can't be confined to a narrow box, she adds. Many of her friends also have discovered novel avenues for their God-given talents, with outcomes they'd never imagined on a timeline entirely His.
She's counting on perfect timing to decide the name of her seventh baby, due in September, whose gender is unknown. Agreeing on a boy name is difficult, having already named six. Pregnancy after pregnancy, her chosen girl name has not wavered: Susanna, honoring her mom (Susanne), her grandma (Anna) and St. Susanna.
Kate can refer to her new book, “Catholic Baby Names for Girls and Boys: Over 250 Ways to Honor Our Lady,” and hope for grace from the novena she's praying to St. Gerard, patron saint of pregnant women. Ultimately, she's confident the name will feel right, chosen for a baby to be embraced by a band of brothers, steeped in Catholic tradition and swaddled in love.
* * *
Josh Pringle, CTV Morning Live
Two school closures today: Vankleek Hill CI and Pleasant Corners PS are closed due to water issues at the main water plant. The day care is also closed and transportation is cancelled to both schools.
Residents of Hawkesbury are being urged to boil their tap water before using it.
The town and the Eastern Ontario Health Unit have issued a boil water advisory for the community east of Ottawa.
The advisory was issued after a malfunction at the water treatment plant caused decreased pressure in the drinking water system.
Health officials say residents must bring the water to a rolling boil for at least one minute before drinking it.
Residents should use boiled water or bottled water for:
Drinking
Making ice cubes, juices or other mixes
Preparing baby food or infant formula
Preparing food, including washing fruits and vegetables
Gargling or brushing teeth or dentures.
You should also use bottled water or boiled water for washing hands.
The boil water advisory is in effect until further notice.
Fallout from the Russia investigation claimed another Trump appointee Friday with the withdrawal of KT McFarland from consideration to be ambassador to Singapore.
McFarland did not say in her letter to President Donald Trump why she was withdrawing. But her nomination, which had already been approved by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, ran into problems in December after court documents suggested she'd lied to the committee about her knowledge of conversations between former Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and then Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
"I am asking that you withdraw my nomination to be the US Ambassador to Singapore," she said in a letter. "I have come to this decision reluctantly, because I believe in your mission."
McFarland, who previously served as Flynn's deputy on the National Security Council, was nominated for the ambassador position in June. She was a member of Trump's transition team in December 2016, when Flynn asked Kislyak to have his government not respond to sanctions that the Obama administration had imposed over Russian interference in the presidential election. The conversation was monitored by US intelligence, however, and led eventually to Flynn's dismissal from the administration, reportedly for lying to Vice President Mike Pence about its content.
In July, McFarland had told Sen. Cory Booker, D-New Jersey, in a written response to questions that she was "not aware" of Flynn's contacts with Kislyak. But when Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI, court filings showed that McFarland had known in advance that he would speak to Kislyak.
The Senate returned her nomination to the White House without action, a sign that it was in trouble, but the White House resubmitted it in January, leaving the Senate in a quandary about whether to consider it.
McFarland's withdrawal is the second by a Trump nominee whose name surfaced in connection to a guilty plea to charges brought by Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
In November, Sam Clovis, a Trump campaign adviser, withdrew from consideration for a senior position at the Department of Agriculture after court documents revealed that Clovis had supervised the work of George Papadopoulos. Papadopoulos also pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about actions he'd taken as a Trump campaign adviser.
Want to receive this post in your inbox every morning? Sign up here
U.S. stocks tumble amid a rout in industrial and technology shares. Ten-year Treasury yields breach 3% for the first time since 2014. And President Donald Trump praise North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in a dramatic shift in rhetoric. Here are some of the things people in markets are talking about.
Stocks Suffering
Stocks tumbled as a rout in the shares of industrial, materials and technology companies sent indexes spiraling lower amid a raft of earnings and renewed selling in the bull market's biggest winners. The 10-year Treasury yield pierced 3 percent for the first time in four years. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell for a fifth day, the longest losing streak since March 2017. The sell off accelerated after industrial bellwether Caterpillar Inc. said that the first quarter was its "high watermark" for the year. The Nasdaq 100 Index slumped 2.1 percent, with Alphabet Inc.'s rise in capital spending sending its shares lower 4.5 percent. The dollar weakened after hitting the highest since January, while crude slipped back toward $67 a barrel and gold rallied. Asian markets may get off to a sluggish start, with Australia and New Zealand shut for Anzac Day, and a quiet session for economic data in the region.
Trump Does 180 on ‘Rocket Man'
Trump complimented Kim Jong-un as "very honorable" so far and said he hopes to hold his summit with the North Korean leader "very soon." It's a dramatic shift for the U.S., which has long condemned the Kim family dynasty for brutality and deceit. Trump himself last year derided Kim as “Little Rocket Man” and said it's “hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions.” Trump told reporters at the White House Tuesday, "we're having very good discussions.” Not everyone is buying all the optimism surrounding the historic summit between the two Koreas this week, however.
Mnuchin Headed to China ‘Within Days'
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will depart for China within days to negotiate over U.S. trade disputes, Trump said in a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron. “We have a very good chance of making a deal,” the president added. Meanwhile, China's leaders this week gave their strongest signal since 2015 that growth could slow and they're prepared to tweak policy if threats grow. Hard work is needed to meet this year's economic targets amid growing trade and financial risks, according to a statement.
China's $7 Trillion Housing Problem
The next front in China's crackdown on debt is the one closest to home. On the back of a boom in property prices, household borrowing has been climbing for ten straight years, at a pace that rivals any such run-up in major economies. At $6.7 trillion, and a record 50 percent of gross domestic product, China's private debt is now approaching developed-world levels and crimping the power of the consumer to spend. Much of households' surging debt is linked to China's housing bubble, which has seen new home prices in Beijing and Shanghai jump more than 25 percent over the last two years.
Takeda Takes Another Run at Shire
Takeda is nearing a preliminary agreement to acquire Shire after the Japanese drugmaker sweetened its roughly $60 billion bid for the biotechnology company, according to people with knowledge of the matter. Shire's board “is considering its position” on a new bid, the company said in a statement Tuesday after Bloomberg News reported that the companies were nearing a preliminary agreement. Shares gained in late trading in New York after Reuters reported that the companies plan to announce a deal on Wednesday. The two companies have been working on a tentative agreement on price, the people said, declining to be identified as the discussions are confidential.
What we've been reading
This is what caught our eye over the last 24 hours.
— With assistance by Garfield Clinton Reynolds
× Overland Park hopes families will participate in Chalk Walk
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. — Chalk the Walk is meant to spread inspiration and optimism throughout Overland Park with the beauty of sidewalk chalk.
The event is set for Wednesday, Aug. 16 from 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. Starting Monday, Aug. 14, families can pick up chalk at any of these Overland Park Chalk Stops listed below:
Myron E. Scafe Bldg, 8500 Antioch
Overland Park Farmers' Market, 7950 Marty
Downtown Overland Park Partnership, 7315 W. 79th
Museum at PrairieFire, 5801 W. 135th
Tomahawk Ridge Community Center, 11902 Lowell
Deanna Rose Children's Farmstead, 13800 Switzer
W. Jack Sanders Justice Center, 12400 Foster
Johnson County Heritage Center, 8788 Metcalf
Overland Park Arboretum and Botanical Gardens, 8909 W. 179th
Nerman Art Museum, 12345 College Blvd.
Visit OP/Overland Park Chamber, 9001 W. 110th
Chalk stops will close Wed. August 16 at noon. Share on social media by using: #ChalkTheWalkOP
Penny sweets have always been a favourite amongst kids, and now a new survey has revealed the nation's all-time favourite penny chew to be Black Jacks.
The team at money saving site Promotionalcodes.org.uk have surveyed their customer base to find out what their all-time favourite penny sweet is, with Black Jacks receiving just over a third of the votes.
Black Jacks received just over a third of the vote to be named the most popular penny sweet.
Voters were asked to pick which sugary treat most satisfied their sweet tooth, with a total of nine different nostalgic sweets to choose from.
Among some of the other classic penny treats to finish highly were flying saucers, pink shrimps and the ever popular fruit salads.
Many of the sweets to make the final list are still loved by kids today, including fried eggs, milk bottles and chocolate mice.
It was the classic Black Jack that comfortably finished in first place, after the aniseed flavoured sweet received a total of 34 per cent of the votes.
It was a fruity chew that helped complete a top two position for Barrett's, with fruit salads finishing second with 16 per cent of the votes.
Pink shrimps might not be as popular with the youth of today but they still remain a favourite for older sweetie fans, and finished in third after receiving 13 per cent of the vote.
Despite surely causing a few cavities amongst any fans, chocolate mice and flying saucers still finished in a respectable joint-fourth place, sharing the spot with nine per cent of the votes each.
Sweet lovers looking for the taste of fruit without having to eat anything healthy would surely have gone for sweet bananas, and these classic chews received a respectable total of seven per cent.
Milk bottles received just six per cent of the overall vote, with fried eggs and Love Hearts propping up the table with just three per cent. receiving an overall score of just six per cent.
Darren Williams, of Promotionalcodes.org.uk, said: “We all remember rushing to the local newsagents after school to see how many penny sweets our small change would buy us.
“The overwhelming response we had from our customers indicates that many people still have fond memories of the sugary snacks they enjoyed when they were young.
“We had a lot of responses from people who were upset that their choice of chew didn't make the final shortlist, which shows how fondly people care about their favourite nostalgic sweets.”
He added: “Prices of our favourite snacks might appear to always be going up, but as long as you have a few coppers in your pocket, you'll always be able to bag yourself a handful of your favourite chews.”
Investigators trying to piece together why a gunman opened fire on a crowd of thousands of concert-goers in Las Vegas this week said they have chased down more than a thousand leads, but the motive in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history remained a mystery.
"I believe we will have an answer. But that answer may also end up being 'we don't know why he did it,'" Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said in an interview Friday, five days after Sunday's shooting that left 58 people dead and hundreds wounded. McMahill added investigators will continue to work diligently to try and determine a motive.
Stephen Paddock, 64, opened fire from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino onto as crowd of thousands at a country western concert Sunday night. Authorities said he apparently killed himself as police closed in.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Las Vegas Gunman's Motive Remains Unknown 2:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
McMahill said at a press conference that the over a thousand leads had "helped create a better profile into the madness of this suspect" although officials still do not have "a clear motive or reason why.”
Authorities say they have found no link to international terrorism. The terror group ISIS, without providing any evidence, claimed responsibility for the attack but the claim has been widely discounted.
"In the past, terror attacks or mass murder incidents, motive was made very clear — very clear in most of those cases by a note that was left, by a social media post, by a telephone call that was made, by investigators mining computer data," McMahill said at Friday's press conference.
"Today, in our investigation, we don't have any of that uncovered. I wish we did," he said. "We will, and are, continuing to investigate with great tenacity, and hope to arrive at an answer."
A note was found with numbers on it, McMahill said. McMahill said those could be distances that the gunman was going to be shooting, but he cautioned Friday that was speculation and investigators are still determining what those numbers mean.
Related: ATF Unlikely to Crack Down on Rapid-Fire Bump Stocks
Also Friday, McMahill said police are confident that Paddock was the only shooter, and that no one entered the hotel room before the shooting.
Earlier, law enforcement sources said investigators were puzzled by a charger that did not appear to match any of Paddock's cellphones. Police have now been able to match all of the cell phone chargers found in the room with multiple cell phones that Paddock had with him.
Authorities continue to investigate whether anyone knew about Paddock's plans.
"The execution piece of this, we're confident he did it alone," McMahill said. "But did anybody else know what he was planning, and why? And that is a main focus of our investigation today."
Police are looking at "everything" about the shooter, including finances, personal life, political affiliation and social behavior, McMahill said.
McMahill said they also found approximately 50 pounds of tannerite and ammonium nitrate — materials that can be used to make explosive devices — in the gunman's car, but it did not appear that Paddock had assembled the material into an improvised explosive device.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Crosses Honor Shooting Victims at Las Vegas' Iconic Entry Sign 0:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation also said Friday that they had learned Paddock approached an ammunition dealer wanting to buy a large quantity of tracer rounds at a gun show in Phoenix last month.
The dealer did not have the quantity Paddock wanted, so the shooter did not end up buying anything from him, they said. The dealer told law enforcement that Paddock was neatly dressed and polite, and did not say anything that would raise a red flag. He gave the dealer the impression that he wanted the tracer rounds for recreational use with friends.
Law enforcement learned of the encounter because Paddock had an ammunition box bearing the dealer's name.
Senior law enforcement officials said Paddock had researched possible attack locations in Boston and Chicago, including the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August.
Samantha Faranda of Las Vegas, who was shot four times, returned home Friday.
"I'm just grateful that I didn't have to completely say goodbye to all the people that I love," she said. "And I just — I'm really lucky."
In North Carolina more people are registered as unaffiliated as Republican, according to recent data from the North Carolina State Board of Elections.
While most voters in the state are registered as Democrat, the number of unaffiliated voters has increased significantly in recent years. The number of unaffiliated voters has more than doubled since 2005, whereas registered Republicans increased by 7.5 percent and registered Democrats increased by only 2.1 percent. Political analysts argue that disillusionment with the two-party system and more freedom to vote in the primaries might be influencing the rise in independent voters.
Host Frank Stasio talks with Jason deBruyn, WUNC data reporter, along with Sunshine Hillygus, political science professor at Duke University, and Andrea Benjamin, political science professor the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, about the rise of unaffiliated voters in the state and how it is shaping the political process.
It was an interesting season to say the least. For the first time since 2010, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers finish with a winning record – and plenty to build on for 2017.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are undefeated in 2017! Granted, that doesn't help them much for the 2016 season, but it's certainly nice to not see a record below .500 for once. Not only that, but the Buccaneers capped off the year with a sweep of division rival Carolina, giving them a 4-2 record in the NFC South, which is very promising moving forward.
It wasn't pretty, but honestly, how many Bucs games were? They had their share of ugly wins – and ugly losses – throughout the season. Ultimately they learned how to compete which was the next step in their growth. Next, they learn how to finish and that will be what catapults them into the playoff picture next season.
One last time this season, it's time to pick six.
Six Topics Suitable For Discussion
1.) The Foundation Is There. Jameis Winston, Mike Evans, Kwon Alexander, Vernon Hargreaves, Gerald McCoy, Lavonte David, Cameron Brate, Donovan Smith, Ali Marpet, Noah Spence. These are the players that – outside of David and McCoy – have been brought in under the Jason Licht and (somewhat) Dirk Koetter era that have formed the foundation of this team moving into the future. These are the players that will be built around to create a competitive, contending team over the better part of the next decade. With Dirk Koetter at the helm, the Bucs appear to have the right pieces in place to start something truly special. Koetter still has some growing to do, but so does this team. Jameis has his issues, so do Kwon, Smith, and Marpet. But these are second year players with a first year head coach. The future is bright in Tampa Bay.
2.) Brent Grimes: Have A Day, Young Fella! This was the reason the Bucs signed Grimes in the off-season. Performances like this. As much as I personally can't stand Pro Football Focus, their anti-Bucs narrative, and their flawed grading system based on watching plays where they don't actually know what's supposed to going on, even they gave Grimes pretty high praise – and it's hard to argue.
CB Brent Grimes earned a 99.9 grade today in the @TBBuccaneers win. Thrown at 6 times
Allowed 2 catches for 3 yards
3 pass breakups
1 INT — Pro Football Focus (@PFF) January 1, 2017
Without Grimes heads up play, resulting in a pick six, or his key pass breakups in the end zone, the Bucs lose this game, finish at .500, and have Bucs fans pretty upset this morning. Hell of a game by Grimes as he really came into his own as a Buc in the second half of the season. Excited to see it continue in 2017.
3.) Jameis Winston: Record Setter. Jameis Winston set not one, but two Buccaneers records in the win over Carolina. Not only that, he became the first quarterback in NFL history to have back-to-back 4,000 yard seasons to start a career. As if that wasn't enough, he helped Mike Evans tie a Bucs record, got Adam Humphries to a career high in receptions, and was a key reason Dirk Koetter had more wins in his first season as a head coach than Lovie Smith did in two seasons with the Bucs. More on those records in the numbers to consider…
4.) Noah Spence Is One Tough Dude. We all enjoyed the evolution of Noah Spence this season. He played the majority of his rookie year wearing a shoulder harness. In the win against the Panthers, Spence caught Cam Newton in the air during a jump pass and dislocated his shoulder in the process. Spence went to the sideline, popped it back in, and finished the game. You could tell he was in obvious pain, but he kept going. He still has some developing to do, but no one can question this kid's toughness, tenacity, or heart.
5.) Lavonte David Was The Official Cam Killer Of The Game. Three sacks? Three?! On Cam Newton?! THAT is the Lavonte David we have been dying to watch all year long. Lavonte was his dominant self and he finished the season with by far his best performance of the year. It was refreshing to see him (hopefully) quiet the haters down headed into the off-season.
6.) Brace Yourselves: Mock Drafts and Free Agency Crushes Are Coming. With no postseason comes social media being flooded with Bucs fans stating, debating, and arguing who the Bucs should draft, what free agents they should sign, more mock drafts than you saw last year. Why? Because it's fun. It's fun to read about, talk about, think about. To see how this team continues to take shape and build is exciting. The Bucs are at the point now where they're filling the final holes on the roster before they become true postseason contenders. This is likely the last off-season they'll need to put a division champion team together. Free agency starts March 9th…
Six Numbers To Consider
28 – Passing touchdowns by Jameis Winston, most ever in a season by a Bucs quarterback
12 – Touchdowns by Mike Evans, tying his single season record from 2014 for most in a season by a Bucs wide receiver
4,090 – Passing yards by Jameis Winston in 2016, most ever in a season by a Bucs quarterback
10 – Receptions by Adam Humphries – a career high
2 – Buccaneers coaches to have a winning record their first year with the team – Jon Gruden and Dirk Koetter
19 – The pick the Bucs will have in the first round of the 2017 NFL Draft
Six Best Tweets
Mike Evans has more receiving yards in his first three seasons than Jerry Rice. #Bucs #CARvsTB — Thomas Bassinger (@tometrics) January 1, 2017
Noah Spence said he dislocated his shoulder during the game. Went to the sideline, popped it back in, went back in the game. Kid's a warrior pic.twitter.com/LQdGwQ7bd8 — Trevor Sikkema (@TampaBayTre) January 1, 2017
Anger is earning money everywhere. Aguayo continues to be heartache in a jersey — What the Buc? (@WhatTheBuc) January 1, 2017
Six Important Off-Season Dates
January 2nd – Teams can pick up fifth year option and/or extend players drafted in the 2014 draft (Mike Evans)
February 28th-March 6th – NFL Scouting Combine
March 7th – Teams can begin negotiating with unrestricted free agents
March 9th – New league year begins at 4 p.m. EST. Teams can officially sign free agents, trade players.
April 21st – Deadline for restricted free agents to sign offer sheets
April 27th-29th – 2017 NFL Draft
Six Super Bowl Bets
1.) New England Patriots – Belichick, Brady, home field…
2.) Green Bay Packers – Getting hot at the right time
3.) Pittsburgh Steelers – See above
4.) Seattle Seahawks – Experience means something in the postseason
5.) Dallas Cowboys – Great season, but not sure if Dak and Zeke can take them the distance as rookies
6.) New York Giants – Defense wins championships and theirs is stout
Six Final Words
With the 19th pick, Bucs select…
More from The Pewter Plank
This article originally appeared on
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Boulevardia's fifth year wrapped up on Saturday. Its organizers say it's their biggest year yet, and it's always a great way to celebrate Father's Day.
"The minute we opened our doors five years ago the people really embraced it. The city really embraced it, and now, the country embraces it," said Executive Director Keli O'Neill Wenzel.
People came from across the U.S. to enjoy the event held at Kansas City's stockyards in the West Bottoms.
"Let's explore the urban grit of our city, and really have fun with it," O'Neill Wenzel said.
The event can especially be fun for dads, because each year they hold it over Father's Day weekend.
"The Father's Day brunch is a really fun family-friendly event where people get to bring their kids, and dads, and their sons. It's a blast," said event organizer Kyle Hopkins.
Hopkins says when he first started putting it together four years ago he wasn't a dad, but now it holds deeper meaning.
"Not every event I do is kid-friendly, to bring my kid to work with me since he's two-and-a-half. This is definitely where my whole family gets to come out. My dad's here, too. So, it's a really fun way to hang out with the family and drink a bunch of Boulevard beer," Hopkins said.
Steve Westhead never misses the event.
"Ninety-seven degrees, beer, and music, and one of my six children," Westhead said. "It's just great to have the kids come out, and share time with them, and sweat."
Heat was definitely a factor during the festival. With highs in the 90s, kegs were kept on ice, and hydration was the word of the day. The event had water stations where people could fill up their bottles free of charge.
"It's always hot on Boulevardia. It's never not been this temperature, but we always say if you're going to drink a beer - drink one water afterward," O'Neill Wenzel said.
Besides the beers there was a lot to celebrate. The event held a maker faire, silent disco, and had multiple stages for performers. However, above all else, it's a celebration of the city.
"We just expect a lot of people to come out, and enjoy themselves, and celebrate Kansas City," O'Neill Wenzel said.
Organizers say someone from every state came out to visit Boulevardia - except Virginia. They told FOX4 they'll need to look into it.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WANE) Shigs in Pit, Fort Wayne's award-winning barbecue joint, will open a second location on Maplecrest Road on the city's northeast side.
Shigs in Pit plans to open a free-standing restaurant in a new building at 6250 Maplecrest Road, just north of St. Joe Center Road. The restaurant will feature the same menu as Shigs in Pit's Fairfield Avenue location, with two order windows and one carry-out window. A patio will be built in the rear.
The restaurant will also include a bar with 23 taps featuring Mad Anthony products exclusively. Mad Anthony's famed “Mug Club” will also be brought in.
Josh Volz, director of marketing and design for Mad Anthony Brewing Company and Shigs in Pit Barbeque, said the company has been studying a new development for a while to build on its success. Maplecrest Road was the right place at the right time, he said.
“We're just happy to be building something out north and getting out into that area,” said Volz. “We realize we get a lot of people coming in (to the Fairfield Avenue location), so it'll be nice to have another location with some additional parking and another area to check out. A lot of people out north may not get the chance to come down toward the southern end of town that often.
“It's cool to see everybody so excited about it. We're happy we're going to get a warm reception out there and happy we're going to be able to bring food that we know people really enjoy out to that area.”
Voltz said the Maplecrest location should open sometime in June. He said it's likely that jobs will be created, but it's not yet determined how many or when the company will begin hiring.
Shigs in Pit's original location on Fairfield will remain.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Maldivian opposition protestors shout slogans demanding the release of political prisoners during a protest in Male, Maldives, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Supporters of political parties that oppose the Maldives government have clashed with police on the streets of the capital after the country's supreme court ordered the release of imprisoned politicians. Mohamed Sharuhaan AP Photo
Car park chiefs have been blasted for failing to honour a pledge to make a Wigan one more vehicle-friendly.
In the autumn the Wigan Post reported motorists' complaints about large craters causing damage to vehicles and them getting stuck on the site of the former town hall off Riverway.
Visitor Samantha Graham called it “the worst car park I have ever seen” as she crunched her car's undercarriage through water-filled potholes and saw another motorist struggling to get out of his space because the wheel was caught.
The complaints prompted an eventual response from Euro Car Parks who at first said it was British Virgin Islands-based landlord's responsibility.
A spokesman said ECP would first take temporary measures to fill in the holes and was waiting for the delivery of planings because “it is in the interests of all parties to do this.”
But two months later and nothing has happened.
Ms Graham, a Bolton-based supply teacher who regularly visits Wigan, said: “It's disappointing that, despite the promises to improve it they have not really kept to that. So again they are taking money to park in a substandard car park but not taking other responsibilities.”
The Post contacted the spokesman who had given the statement last time but he instructed the paper to send an email to an ECP information address.
That was on Tuesday. No response has been forthcoming. The car park is earmarked as one of the brownfield sites that Wigan Council would like to use for housing development.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Feb. 2, 2018 — The American wind power industry expressed its thanks to leaders up and down the Atlantic Coast for advancing offshore wind projects that can create 40,000 jobs within a decade, revitalize ocean ports, and power millions of homes with clean energy.
More Headlines Articles
"Unlocking America's vast offshore wind potential will reliably deliver large amounts of clean power, grow jobs, and cement American energy leadership," said Tom Kiernan, CEO of the American Wind Energy Association. "Some of the world's most powerful wind turbines will now flow from new investments in America's port and manufacturing infrastructure. We are grateful to governors Phil Murphy of New Jersey, Andrew Cuomo of New York, and Dannel Malloy of Connecticut for recognizing the enormous potential for clean energy off their shores, and acting to make it a reality as soon as possible. This is what visionary leadership looks like."Newly sworn-in New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy announced on Wednesday, Jan. 31, that his state will move ahead with 3,500 megawatts (MW) of offshore wind by 2030, enough to power over a million homes. Murphy said he wants to "begin the process of making New Jersey a leader in offshore wind, a critical step toward achieving our clean energy goals." He directed the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities and the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection to establish an Offshore Wind Strategic Plan focusing on job growth, workforce development, data collection, and protection of offshore natural resources."Gov. Murphy has immediately put New Jersey at the forefront of the global offshore wind industry," said Riccardo Toto, CEO and President of US Wind, which holds leases off New Jersey and Maryland. "By growing the U.S. market, this will help foster a more robust U.S. supply chain, and further drive down costs to the benefit of consumers who now pay some of the highest power prices in the nation.""The U.S. is in a prime position to take advantage of the positive developments in the offshore wind industry, including rapid cost declines and innovative technologies," said Thomas Brostrøm, President for North America of Ørsted, which holds leases off Massachusetts, New Jersey, and Virginia. "Recent commitments by New Jersey and Connecticut build on a foundation of projects along the East Coast and enable the efficient growth of this clean energy industry and supply chain. Ørsted is invested in bringing this thriving industry to the states and supporting the U.S. development of this large-scale, reliable clean energy."New York issued its new Offshore Wind Master Plan earlier this week. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said his state is seeking offshore wind farms totaling 2,400 MW (equal to about five fossil fuel-burning power plants). New York is aiming at a 16,000 square-mile section of the Atlantic extending from New York City and the south shore of Long Island. Statoil won the first lease in New York in 2016 for an area 20 miles south of Long Island where it plans a 600-megawatt wind farm called Empire Wind. Once it finds a buyer for the power, construction could begin in 2023. Cuomo in January announced two initial solicitations for a total of 800 MW in 2018 and 2019, plus $15 million for training and port development.Connecticut recently announced an RFP for clean energy as well, which includes up to about 220 MW of offshore wind power.A new study coauthored by New York, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and the Clean Energy States Alliance, U.S. Job Creation in Offshore Wind, finds that 8 GW of offshore wind from Maryland to Maine will create almost 40,000 full-time U.S. jobs by 2028; 86 GW by 2050 would support 160,000 jobs."The visible market for offshore wind in America is now more than half the entire global installed capacity, including all the policy commitments made thus far," said Stephanie McClellan, Director of the Special Initiative on Offshore Wind at the University of Delaware. "These states' commitments mean the U.S. is going to be the 800-pound gorilla in global offshore wind."Trump Administration officials have signaled their support for offshore wind, including by issuing draft guidelines in January for a "design envelope" approach. It enables developers to advance faster through permitting while making some business decisions later in the process - such as which turbines to use. BOEM is seeking industry input before finalizing the guidelines, and held a webinar on Jan. 31 for wind developers to weigh in."The Outer Continental Shelf's offshore wind potential is a tremendous asset and part of the administration's America-First Energy Plan to make it easier for industry to do business here," said Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke when BOEM announced the guidelines. "And now more than ever, we must use every tool at our disposal to ensure an energy-secure future - one that promotes jobs and is affordable, competitive and safe. Offshore wind will play a big role in this future."BOEM's announcement also cited the Department of Interior's Counselor for Energy Policy, Vincent DeVito, who said, "The offshore wind industry is moving at a phenomenal pace and I'm proud to announce that this Administration is working with industry and stakeholders to make the renewable energy development process quicker, cheaper and more competitive with the rest of the world."###AWEA is the national trade association of the U.S. wind energy industry. We represent 1,000 member companies and over 100,000 jobs in the U.S. economy, serving as a powerful voice for how wind works for America. Members include global leaders in wind power and energy development, turbine manufacturing, and component and service suppliers. They gather each year at the Western Hemisphere's largest wind power trade show, the AWEA WINDPOWER Conference & Exhibition, next in Chicago, May 7-10, 2018. Find information about wind energy on the AWEA website. Gain insight into industry issues on AWEA's blog, Into the Wind. And please join us on Facebook, LinkedIn and follow @AWEA on Twitter.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. – Giants manager Bruce Bochy shielded his eyes from the sunshine and surveyed the activity on a half-dozen bullpen mounds during the club's first spring workout on Tuesday.
New closer Mark Melancon introduced his cutter to Buster Posey. New backup catcher Nick Hundley experienced the joy of catching Madison Bumgarner instead of digging in against him.
“It's good to get out here,” Bochy said. “It's a day you look forward to. It's a beautiful day to work out.”
This was the fun part. It's also the easy part.
Related Articles A's Andrew Lambo thrilled to be doing baseball after cancer battle
A's Josh Phegley optimistic that he's got things square now
Photos: San Francisco Giants begin spring training in Arizona
Sonny Gray enthusiastic about chance to pitch for the USA in WBC
Vogt, Phegley see huge upside in Jesse Hahn's return to health That's because there were no matchups to play, no opposing lineups to navigate – and no gut-testing decisions to make plain to 40,000 fans which of your relievers you truly trust.
When it comes to the composition of their bullpen, the Giants don't have too many mysteries to solve this spring. Right-handers Cory Gearrin, George Kontos and Hunter Strickland are out of minor league options while Derek Law is expected to be a late-inning presence. Another projected key setup man, left-hander Will Smith, has a guaranteed deal. It was expected that Josh Osich and Steven Okert would battle to begin as the second lefty, although Tuesday's signing of veteran right-hander David Hernandez stocks the pond a bit.
But the names in a big league bullpen will change over a 162-game season. More important might be how Bochy intends to use his relievers, where he intends to pitch them – and how dependent he'll be on going batter-to-batter with matchups, as he did a year ago.
Bochy wants to avoid a repeat of last year's consternation and constant meetings about bullpen roles, when the manager did more left-right-left marching than a drill instructor and essentially treated every reliever as a specialist.
As his team blew a franchise-record 30 saves, there was little doubt that Bochy trusted matchups over men.
Eight Giants pitchers topped 40 appearances last season, matching the 2013 Twins and 2011 Mets for the most by a team in major league history — and amazingly, all those pitching changes occurred even though the Giants rotation boasted three of the NL's top five in innings thrown.
As you might expect, not one Giants reliever averaged three outs per game. Strickland was the only one to average four batters faced. The marginal use included the same amount of warming up, often multiple times in a game, which likely exacted a slow toll that contributed to the bullpen's second-half collapse.
Bochy has pledged to his relievers that he would define their roles with a week or two remaining in the spring so they could fall into routines and prepare accordingly.
And yet …
“Now, after saying that, I just want them to think about getting outs,” Bochy said. “We can get caught up in this, and I want them to stay away from that. Every game is going to be different with who's available and who's coming up.”
Melancon's $62 million signing leaves no question about who gets the ball in the ninth inning. The eighth and seventh? Reply hazy, try again.
The deeper question: could those setup assignments really be as simple as one-guy-one-inning?
His relievers seem to think so.
“The way I see it, we don't really have a specialist,” Osich said. ““Everybody can do everything. So we'll be fine. He's not going to have to play matchups as much. It's more like, `Who hasn't pitched?'”
Osich was supposed to replace Jeremy Affeldt in the bullpen last year, as a full-inning left-hander with the power stuff to get right-handers out as well. But he lost the feel for his changeup, his key pitch against right-handers, and struggled to pitch through knee pain caused by a torn patella tendon that required offseason surgery.
Now the Giants must replace two more of their accomplished and experienced bullpen pieces, retired lefty Javier Lopez and new Dodgers right-hander Sergio Romo, whose deathly platoon splits made them such a terrific eighth-inning tandem before their effectiveness waned last season.
The Giants are left with a stable of less experienced yet talented arms that could have the stuff to handle full innings, if given the chance. Osich, with his knee rehab complete, certainly hopes to get his.
“I'm not sure it'll ever get back to 100 percent, but it's pretty close,” Osich said. “I couldn't really run fast at all. I had to cheat to first base so I could get over to cover, so everything was to the left side of the plate, and we all know you can't do that in the big leagues. I know it'll be different this year. I'll definitely be better.”
If Osich's changeup is there, if Smith fares well against right-handers, if Law and Strickland can execute the pitches against lefties to earn confidence against them … well, perhaps Bochy can save himself a few steps between the dugout and mound.
For now, Bochy's message is simple: get more outs and you'll earn more trust.
“I really feel when we leave here, we'll have a good bullpen,” Bochy said. “They'll complement each other well from the left and right side. And when you have your set closer, it's a little easier to build down a little bit.”
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Indiana Gov. Eric Holcomb is unveiling a jobs program that will pay tuition for workers who get trained in high-demand fields.
The “Next Level Jobs” initiate sets aside about $24 million over the next two years to help grow the number of welders, machinists, medical assistants and information technology specialists, among others.
Roughly $14 million will go toward covering tuition costs at Ivy Tech Community College and Vincennes University.
Another $10 million can be used to reimburse companies that train new hires to do similar high-demand jobs. Each employer could collect up to $2,500 per worker.
It isn't clear how many people could be covered by the amount of money set aside for the effort.
Holcomb rolled out the program during a Monday news conference in Brazil, near Terre Haute.
24-Hour News 8's Eric Feldman will have a full report at 5 and 6 p.m. on WISH-TV.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Last week, the UN World Food Program said Yemen is on the brink of “ full-scale famine ,” and classified seven million people in the country as “severely food insecure.” Scott Paul, a senior policy adviser at Oxfam, said “The likeliest scenario for the Hodeidah operation, involving a lengthy or indefinite closure of the port, would precipitate famine in parts of Yemen over a matter of months, costing many thousands of lives.”
Many of Yemen's cities and towns have been decimated in the two-year conflict, which began after Houthi rebels seized the capital of Sanaa and other cities. A Saudi-led bombing campaign to dislodge the rebels and fighting on the ground has resulted in at least 10,000 deaths and major food shortages.
It's unclear where that four-to-six week figure came from. One senior Pentagon official who wasn't present at the meeting told BuzzFeed News that such expectations were unrealistic — and that retaking the port “could take months.”
But aid groups view that forecast as wildly optimistic and fear that the Pentagon is attempting to understate the complexity of the mission in order to win support for it inside the Trump administration.
During the meeting on Thursday, convened at the request of aid agencies, a Pentagon official tried to ease those concerns by floating the possibility that the operation could be “clean” and result in the Saudis taking full control of the port in “four-to-six weeks.”
The Defense Department is in favor of providing logistical and intelligence support for an ambitious operation led by the UAE military to retake the Houthi-controlled city of Hodeida. But key bureaus inside the State Department and the US Agency for International Development oppose the initiative, believing it will trigger a full-blown famine in the country by closing the port where most of the humanitarian aid in the impoverished country enters.
The Pentagon advanced its case for a controversial US-backed military assault on a strategic port city in Yemen last week to a room of State Department officials and skeptical humanitarian aid groups, BuzzFeed News has learned.
Jamal Mujalli al-Mashriqi, 4, who suffers from malnutrition, sits on a bed at a hospital in the northwestern Yemeni city of Saada.
The governments of Saudi Arabia and the UAE want to control the Hodeida port because it is an entry point of supplies to Houthi militants — an Iranian-backed rebel movement that the Saudi-led coalition has been fighting for two years.
Many officials inside the Pentagon, including Secretary of Defense James Mattis. view support for the Saudi coalition as fulfilling President Donald Trump's directive to push back against Iranian influence in the Middle East.
Last month, the National Security Council scheduled a meeting to address a memo sent by Mattis to the White House saying that “limited support” for the Hodeida operation would help push back against a “common threat,” The Washington Post reported.
The meeting of US officials and aid groups last week took place at the State Department's headquarters in Foggy Bottom. US officials informed aid groups that their humanitarian concerns were being debated at the highest levels of government. But one aid group left the meeting with the belief that the US is intent on going forward with the operation despite the objections.
The Pentagon declined to comment on upcoming operations.
It's unclear if Trump will break with his predecessor and authorize the operation. The White House declined to comment on any decisions made during the March NSC meeting. The position of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is also unclear.
Late last year, Barack Obama's White House rejected an Emirati proposal to help recapture the Hodeida port due to concerns about the difficulty of repelling well-equipped Houthi rebels and fears that it would exacerbate the already dire humanitarian situation.
At the time, the Pentagon's push for White House approval failed due to opposition from USAID and some divisions inside the State Department, namely the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor and the Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration.
“USAID has always said this operation would take a country that's been on a knife's edge of famine for the past two years and tip it over,” Jeremy Konyndyk, who left USAID as director of foreign disaster assistance in January, told BuzzFeed News.
Other areas of the State Department, such as the Near East Affairs Bureau, are more supportive of the operation, said a former US official.
These same battle lines over the operation exist within the Trump administration, but the interagency power dynamics have shifted significantly.
Trump granted the Pentagon broad authority to conduct operations in the Middle East — and has touted the policy as an important break from the Obama administration. “I authorize my military,” Trump told reporters Thursday as he heralded the Defense Department's successes in the last eight weeks. “We have given them full authorization.”
Meanwhile, the civilian agencies that previously pushed back against the Defense Department's proposal are lacking leadership due to vacancies left by Obama-era political appointees. The White House has yet to appoint an administrator for USAID or assistant secretaries for Democracy, Rights and Labor and Population, Refugees and Migration.
“It's tough when you've got USAID without a single political appointee,” said Konyndyk, the former USAID director. “Last time the White House sided with us, but USAID's ability to advocate in the interagency process is less than what it was.”
When asked if Tillerson backs the view of his subordinates who oppose the operation, a State Department official did not directly address the question. “The U.S. government is concerned about the grave humanitarian situation in Yemen and urges all sides to allow unfettered access for shipments of humanitarian aid and food to the Yemeni people,” the official said. “An enduring solution will come through a comprehensive peace deal, which will require compromise from all sides, for the good of the Yemeni people.”
In the two years of fighting, both the Saudi-led coalition and the Houthis have been blamed for holding up aid shipments intended for malnourished civilians. But aid workers said crucial aid shipments are still moving through Hodeida, though that is not likely to continue if a military operation is undertaken.
When the Saudi coalition recaptured Aden in 2015, humanitarian aid couldn't get through the port for four months. Aid experts and military analysts fear the Hodeida operation could result in even longer delays.
“The real issue is that even if the operation goes well, aid is still not going to pour into northern Yemen since the al Houthi-Saleh forces will continue to hold the roads, making distribution of the aid a challenge,” said Katherine Zimmerman, a Yemen analyst at the American Enterprise Institute.
“I don't think the al Houthi-Saleh forces will let the city go without a good fight,” she added.
Nancy Youssef contributed reporting.
The man who sent the false ballistic missile alert in Hawaii said he isn't to blame for the mishap and would not have done anything differently.
Speaking to NBC News, the former employee of the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (HEMA) instead blamed a systemic failure for the false alert on Jan. 13 that sent thousands of terrified residents scrambling for cover.
"I'm really not to blame in this," the man, whose identity was masked, said no camera. "It was a system failure. And I did what I was trained to do."
He added that he heard "this is not a drill," but never the word "exercise," which would have indicated that it was, indeed, a practice run.
A Federal Communications Commission report found that the emergency worker did in fact actually believe the threat was real. Officials also revealed that the alert sender had twice before confused a drill with real life events.
Later, when asked what he would have changed about that morning, the man added: "I can't say that I would do anything differently based on what I saw and heard."
Bay Area News Group state capitol writer Katy Murphy talks about why the campaign for California to leave the U.S. fizzled as well as key bills going through the state Legislature, such as sanctuary state and bail reform. The live video chat begins at noon Tuesday.
You can also click here to ask questions before the broadcast and we may read them on the air.
Business executives and investors tolerated the unpredictability of the Trump administration in 2017 because, at its core, the White House was pro-business: It aimed to cut taxes and reduce regulations. But now that the White House has made tariffs a priority, it's clear that the last thing markets want is a trade war.
Stocks worldwide fell on Monday by the most since March 1, as measured by the 1.07 percent drop in the MSCI All-Country World Index. The S&P 500 Index had it worse, falling 1.42 percent in its biggest plunge since Feb. 8. Yes, the Federal Reserve is poised to raise interest rates again this week and there are jitters in the technology sector after reports that a political advertising firm retained information on millions of Facebook users without their consent. But when a coalition of more than 40 business groups send a letter to President Donald Trump warning that any sweeping trade action against China could raise consumer prices, increase costs for businesses and hurt stock prices, it's worth taking notice. “Simply put, tariffs are damaging taxes on American consumers,” U.S. Chamber of Commerce Chief Executive Officer Thomas Donohue said in a statement.
The market's concerns can be seen in measures of volatility. The VIX futures curve, which tracks the implied volatility of the S&P 500 over time, is in backwardation, meaning that near-term contracts are more expensive than those over longer term. The VIX futures curve is typically upward sloping, an acknowledgement that that the outlook for equities is generally more uncertain over long rather than short time periods.
CREDIT WARNINGS
Another worrisome sign for investors is that the credit markets are weakening. Yields on investment-grade U.S. corporate bonds have risen to their highest levels since September relative to Treasuries. When the so-called spread widens like it has now, it's a sign that investors demand higher relative yields to compensate for the risk of losses. “When we see a widening of credit spreads, it's always a problem,” Matt Maley, a Miller Tabak equity strategist, told Bloomberg News. Short interest on the iShares iBoxx Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF, ticker LQD, relative to its U.S. equity ETF counterpart is now at its highest on record, according to Bloomberg News' Dani Burger and Sid Verma. To be sure, few predict a looming credit crisis. Many companies have taken the opportunity in recent years to extend the maturities of their debt, meaning so-called rollover risk has been reduced. The number of companies at risk of a downgrade has fallen for 15 straight months, while the number of issuers poised for an upgrade stands at 344, the most in a decade, the analysts at S&P Global Ratings wrote in a research note earlier this month.
BREXIT BREAKTHROUGH
The U.K. pound was in the foreign-exchange market spotlight Monday, gaining more than any of the other more than 30 currencies tracked by Bloomberg, as Brexit negotiators confirmed a transition deal had been reached. On an intraday basis, the pound rose to its highest level since June 2016 versus a basket of nine-developed market peers. Even so, analysts are not ready to turn bullish on sterling. Aberdeen Standard Investments and Rabobank are among the firms that see any pound appreciation as brief, given longer-term challenges faced by Britain, including that of reaching a trade pact with the EU, according to Bloomberg News' Charlotte Ryan and Anooja Debnath. Next up for sterling is the Bank of England's meeting Thursday, with investors watching for hints that the central bank is ready to raise interest rates as early as May. A hawkish shift in stance is largely factored in for sterling. Money market pricing edged up after the transition deal announcement to give an 84 percent chance the bank will raise borrowing rates in May, versus just 5 percent at the start of February.
COMMODITIES ARE SLIDING
The market for raw materials is back on the defensive. The Bloomberg Commodity Index fell on Tuesday by the most since March 7, dropping to its lowest level since Feb. 14. Metals and agriculture products are bearing the brunt of the recent selloff. Benchmark spot iron ore with 62 percent content sank 3.3 percent on Monday to $67.05 a metric ton, according to Mysteel.com, as traders fret about record holdings at China's ports and concern that demand may disappoint, according to Bloomberg News' Krystal Chia. Prices have sunk 16 percent from the multi-month peak in February, and Barclays forecast that they will probably drop back into the $50s a ton as mills' profitability in China ebbs. There's about to be enough sugar piled up in warehouses to make three chocolate cakes for every person in the world, according to Bloomberg News' Marvin G. Perez. Supplies are booming thanks to the outlook for record harvests in India and Thailand, the world's No. 2 exporter. The glut has already sent futures in New York to the lowest since September 2015. Hedge funds are gearing up for more losses by holding the biggest net-short position, or bets on declining prices, in six weeks.
PUTIN FAILS TO IMPRESS FX MARKET
Russian President Vladimir Putin won a landslide victory, gaining a record 77 percent of the vote. The currency market wasn't impressed. Traders pushed the ruble down by 0.59 percent, the most of more than 30 major currencies tracked by Bloomberg. Although some of the decline can be attributed to the drop in oil prices, as Russia is a major exporter of crude, there is growing concern that the nation will face stricter sanctions amid rising tensions with the U.S. and Europe. That would be tough on an economy that is stagnating after the longest recession in two decades. The Central Bank of Russia meets Friday and is widely expected to cut interest rates 25 basis points to 7.25 percent after inflation rose 2.2 percent in February from a year earlier, well below the target of 4 percent. Russia's campaign to use its latest Eurobond sale to repatriate Russian money squirreled away in foreign bank accounts turned out to be a bit of a flop, according to Bloomberg News' Neil Denslow. Novel measures including priority treatment for local investors and a clause allowing buyers to receive interest payments in rubles only succeeded in luring about $200 million from rich Russians, just 5 percent of the total sale.
TEA LEAVES
It's been a horrible 12 months for Australia's currency. The local dollar has depreciated 6.74 percent in the time against a basket of nine other major currencies, according to Bloomberg Correlation-Weighted Indexes. Only the U.S. dollar has fallen more against the basket. So, what is the Reserve Bank of Australia thinking about the currency's decline? Markets may get some clues Tuesday when the RBA releases the minutes from its meeting two weeks ago. At the time, policymakers left interest rates unchanged at a record low of 1.5 percent. They're trying to prolong a hiring boom and soak up spare capacity in the labor market to generate faster wages growth. While Australia dodged the slump due to massive resource demand from an industrializing China, its economy is sluggish now due to record-high household debt and weak wage growth that have slowed consumption and inflation, according to Bloomberg News' Michael Heath.
If you'd like to get The Daily Prophet in e-mail form, right in your inbox, please subscribe to this link. Thanks!
DON'T MISS
Treasuries Have the Winning Hand Over Equities: Komal Sri-Kumar
Why the U.S. Treasury Likes a Weaker Dollar: Steven Englander
Rising Treasury Yields Are a Good Problem to Have: Ben Carlson
What to Expect From the Fed This Week: Mohamed A. El-Erian
Importing Israeli Natural Gas Makes Sense for Egypt: Robin Mills
Louisa Cruz of San Luis Potosí works on a rebozo in a workshop on the centuries-old craft held at Fresno State University for the weeklong Rebozo Revival Festival. Photo taken on Sept. 28, 2017. DANIEL CÁSAREZ dcasarez@vidaenelvalle.com
What do you do when you need to get in some last-minute preparation for the U.S. Women's Open but the U.S. Women's Open course is closed? You improvise.
With the remnants of subtropical storm Alberto dumping more than four inches of rain the last two days at Shoal Creek Golf Club, USGA officials kept players and spectators off the Birmingham, Ala., course on Tuesday . So reigning U.S. Women's Open champion Sung Hyun Park sought out another place to practice, and showed up early Tuesday afternoon at the Topgolf Birmingham.
Chris Stevenson, a writer for The Athletic Ottawa, happened to go to the facility as well to pass the time, and stumbled upon Park hitting balls in a bay. He then shared Park's swing on his Twitter account.
“People here and there were stopping to watch her,” Stevenson told GolfChannel.com. “I would hit two balls and turn around and watch her hit two. I asked her if I could take a video. She was gracious enough to say yes.”
With Shoal Creek still closed through Wednesday morning, fans might want to head to Topgolf to see who else shows up.
RELATED: U.S. Women's Open officials trying to sort things out as wet weather soaks Shoal Creek
Carlton Anderson has released his debut single, "Drop Everything." The country newcomer brings fans of the genre a traditional yet catchy tune.
The singer-songwriter grew up in Texas and was the first of his family to graduate college. While following his musical pursuits, Anderson's career has always been about living in the moment.
Anderson describes his first single's theme as “a love song about a guy speaking up for the girl that he wants and taking a chance."
The track was co-written by Rhett, Akins, Matt Dragstrem, and Ashley Gorley. Anderson first heard the relatable lyrics while recording in the studio last minute.
"It's been 6 years since I moved to Nashville. In that time I've played hundreds of shows, graduated from college, signed a publishing deal, met a lot of y'all, succeeded, failed, and it all led to this. I'm officially the newest artist signed to @sonynashville. Y'all get ready for some country music 5.25.18 #DropEverything," Anderson shared to Instagram.
"Drop Everything" and listen to Carlton Anderson's debut single below.
One week out from the Eastern College Athletic Conference Championship, the gymnastics team wrapped up its final meet of the regular season with a third-place finish at the University of Bridgeport. Brown tallied a 192.600 Saturday evening and bested the Centenary College of Louisiana while finishing behind Yale and the Purple Knights.
The Bears are on the brink of qualifying for the USA Gymnastics Collegiate National Championships with only one competition left before teams travel to Texas to vie for the title.
“We're coming in with this attitude that we have nothing left to hold back,” said Regan Butchness '18. “This is our last shot. This is the last push, so full steam ahead.”
Going into the quad meet at Bridgeport, the team knew they had to put up a solid team score to protect their qualification ranking. The conference meet next Saturday is Bruno's last opportunity to punch its ticket to the season finale by raising its regional qualifying score.
“We're in one of the final qualifying spots, so we have to do really well in these last meets,” said Head Coach Sara Carver-Milne. “It's going to come down to the last meet of the season to determine whether or not we qualify to nationals as a team. … It's all very, very tight right now. Everyone is within hundredths of tenths.”
The Bears kicked off the competition on the balance beam, where they were able to regain composure after a fall early in the lineup and hit five routines for a strong first rotation. Julia Green '19 and Emma Hansen '21 posted a pair of 9.600s while Rose Domonoske '21 supported with a 9.650. Cassidy Jung '19 built on their scores by tying her season-best 9.700, and Butchness closed out the event with a 9.775 in the anchor spot.
With the most nerve-racking event out of the way, Bruno rotated to floor exercise where all gymnasts posted scores of 9.600 or above. Anya Olson '18 earned a 9.625, and Anne Christman '20 contributed a 9.725. Julia Green '19 led the team with a 9.775, and Anya Barca-Hall '18 recorded a 9.650 to bring the Bears to the halfway point.
After two events, Brown sat in second, trailing Yale by six tenths of a point. The Bears took to the vault for their third rotation, boasting upgraded skills and stronger execution.
“We're peaking at the right time, and at this point in the season, a lot of teams are tired and worn out,” Carver-Milne said of the team's improvements. “Our team is still thriving, upgrading and growing every week.”
En route to tying a season-high 48.275, Kate Nelson '21 scored a 9.575, and Gabrielle Hechtman '19 earned a 9.650. Christman and Green added matching marks of 9.675 while Alyssa Gardner '21 competed the most difficult vault in the lineup for a 9.700.
The Bears ended the meet on what is usually their strongest event, the uneven bars. But the pressure of qualifying for nationals took a toll on the lineup and resulted in uncharacteristic mistakes from the final two competitors. Though Bruno had to count a routine with a fall, Olson and co-captain Claire Ryan '18 helped Brown stay on track with scores of 9.700 and 9.600, respectively. Caroline Warren '21 and Erin Howell '20 also contributed matching 9.525s at the top of the lineup and brought up the final team score of 192.600.
With only a few practices left before facing off against conference rivals, the Bears are staying focused on themselves and preparing for the unconventional format of ECACs, which features two byes among six rotations. Bruno has high expectations for the championship and aims for six hit routines on every apparatus and a team total above 193. Carver-Milne is confident the team can come together to put up a solid performance.
“We're in a great spot,” she said. “The team is healthy and motivated. Their minds are set on our team goals, so we'll pull through. … It's so tight right now that it's kind of anyone's game, but I really don't doubt that we will continue to be in one of those qualifying spots.”
Butchness similarly captured this sentiment: “There is just something special riding on the fact that this very well could be our last meet as a team, and if we don't want that outcome then we should definitely come together as a team. … I'm so ignited to really just do my best gymnastics and be fully present and in the moment come Saturday.”
Brown's fight for the ECAC title and a final shot at nationals begins Saturday at noon.
Why is this US senator on verge of tears?
Republican Senator Bob Corker was so moved by the actions of a Democratic senator, he was moved to tears.
What to Know The can's design resembles Penn Station's departure board, with Long Island destinations followed by the word "delayed"
Long Island-based brewery Blue Point will debut the beer Monday, Aug. 14 at Shake Shack in Penn Station
Blue Point president Todd Ahsmann says he and his employees have experienced plenty of delays at the Manhattan hub themselves
Starting Monday, weary tri-state commuters can now drink "Delayed" while they're delayed at New York Penn Station.
Long Island-based Blue Point Brewery is debuting its new beer Monday at Shake Shack in Penn Station. The beer, called "Delayed," will be offered exclusively at the Manhattan transit hub, and the company plans to launch the new brew with a four-hour kickoff party starting at 4 p.m., just in time for the evening rush.
The can's design resembles Penn Station's departure board, with Long Island destinations followed by the word "delayed."
But "Delayed" won't leave a (too) bitter taste in your mouth. According to the official release: "Brewed with a blend of floral, spicy hops for subtle apple and lemon-lime aroma, DELAYED Pilsner is balanced by slight honey notes from a creamy malt body. The result is a crisp, drinkable Pilsner that will make your crowded, frustrating, too-much-body-heat-filled delay just a bit more bearable."
Blue Point president Todd Ahsmann says the brewery came up with the idea after Gov. Cuomo said construction at Penn Station could result in a "summer of hell" for commuters.
Though Cuomo's ominous prediction has fallen short halfway through the summer-long Amtrak work, Ahsmann says he and his employees have spent plenty of time delayed at Penn waiting for LIRR trains to take them back home.
Looks like you are using an ad-blocker
to continue to provide you with unmatchable content, disable the ad-blocker
Accept
Police brutality, race collide in gutting 'Detroit' Director Kathryn Bigelow's been AWOL since her 2012 military thriller “Zero Dark Thirty,” but she's come roaring back with another searing dramatization. This time, it's of a single horrifying incident...
John Boyega wanted to challenge self with 'Detroit' "Detroit" is a drama about the 1967 riot. The movie, which opens Aug. 4, also stars Anthony Mackie and John Krasinski.
‘Yeah!' ‘Lip Sync Battle' is back with an awesome holiday special Spike TV's popular “Lip Sync Battle” series has been keeping viewers entertained for a full season now as A-list celebs compete against each other in karaoke duels (covering popular songs). And...
'The Night Before' is a bad holiday headache I was searching for a metaphor to capture the experience of watching “The Night Before” when a character fell backward into a dumpster full of garbage bags. Thanks, guys! In...
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
It's not if Facebook, Amazon and Google will come for your live sports. It's when.
Big tech companies, better known for making social networks and search engines, have spent the past few years buying up the rights stream live sports events over the internet. Though most of these contracts have been small compared to the billion-dollar agreements paid out by broadcast networks, the steady drumbeat of deals by tech companies with plenty of cash to spend has put the media industry on notice.
Tech's slow and steady march into the world of live sports continued last week when Facebook gained exclusive rights to Major League Baseball's Wednesday afternoon games. The deal is the first time a prominent U.S. league has made Facebook the only place to watch a part of their content. The company's estimated cost for 25 games, $30 million to $35 million, is relatively small given that the last bundle of MLB rights sold to broadcasters for $5.6 billion.
“The new entrants are coming in and trying to figure out, ‘What do I want to own and what do I want to pay for that?'” said Caroline Rebello, a principal at Evolution Media, which negotiates sports media deals as the advisory arm of CAA, the talent agency.
Major League Soccer teams have signed deals with Facebook and Twitter to stream their matches. Otto Greule Jr. / Getty Images
Tech companies that spent years not paying for content are now all investing in video to attract viewers. Facebook recently launched Watch, which features original video. Amazon has built its Prime platform into a burgeoning Netflix rival. And Google's YouTube has invested in original series and launched a streaming TV service.
Live sports, with its passionate fan bases, are a way to bolster those offerings. An increasing volume of deals between sports leagues and technology platforms — many of the smaller sort like Facebook's deal with MLB — have led to growing expectations that a big tech company may make a major bid for live sports rights that are coming up for bidding in the next 12 months.
“I think Amazon and Facebook have showed their hands and bought sports rights in the past,” said Julian Aquilina, an analyst at the media research and advisory firm Enders Analysis in the U.K. “They will continue to pick on the fringes. They haven't secured a major sport with exclusive rights. When they do that, it will be the day that everyone takes a step back and says, ‘They're really here.'”
Playing hardball
The first major U.S. acquisition by a tech company came in 2016, when Twitter won streaming rights to the NFL's Thursday night games. Amazon bought those same rights for the 2017-18 season, and for the upcoming 2018-19 season, Twitter, Amazon, YouTube and Verizon are all reportedly in the bidding.
Facebook hasn't made the same kind of splash, but it has been steadily adding smaller sports packages. Before its recent MLB deal, Facebook's growing sports business included UEFA Champions League soccer with Fox and the Mexican soccer league with broadcaster Univision. It also streams one exclusive WWE event per week.
Facebook is doing a thorough reconnaissance on the sports industry. One sports industry consultant, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the person is advising competing tech companies, said that Facebook is gathering intelligence ahead of a major move.
The consultant said Facebook is “taking counsel from media-rights experts and trying to determine what is the right time and what is the right property to make that first big bet. They're hiring and they're doing the work.”
Amazon has bought up sports rights as part of its video platform, which is meant to get subscribers into its Prime program. Mike Segar / Reuters file
A former Eurosport chief executive, Peter Hutton, is scheduled to join Facebook to lead a new global sports-rights-buying business with a sizeable war chest at its disposal.
Facebook's biggest move yet came in a failed attempt to get the rights to Indian cricket matches. Though the company lost out on the rights, the move highlighted just how global Facebook is thinking and how much money it is willing to spend. The losing bid was $600 million.
Facebook is far from the only big tech company making bids.
Google's YouTube has added Major League Soccer rights, including streaming rights for the Seattle Sounders soccer club. The deal between YouTube and the MLS's Los Angeles F.C, is even more complete — with YouTube having exclusive ownership of online and broadcast rights.
Twitter also won a package of MLS games. In the U.K., Amazon has been making several inroads into the sports arena in order to make its Amazon Prime Video a destination. It acquired rights to the ATP World Tour tennis, which was previously at the satellite broadcaster Sky, and the rights to the U.S. Open.
Risk and reward
Tech's slow entry into sports media rights is deliberate, since tech companies aren't necessarily able to make expensive sports rights into a profitable business just yet.
Brian Bedol, founder of Sportsrocket, a New York-based a digital strategy company, doesn't believe a platform is going to acquire the rights to an entire league anytime soon, believing it will take some time for the economics to make sense.
“It's likely that as the revenue shifts that we'll see more rights in the control of digital companies,” Bedol said. “I think we are already starting to see that shift accelerate.”
Sport leagues face their own risks. Though there may be tech companies willing to write big checks, there's some doubt as to whether a sports league will be willing to risk reaching a smaller audience by putting content onto platforms that are still learning to attract sports viewers.
Minister must give ExxonMobil seven days notice before visiting operations – Oil Contract
Even though USA oil giant ExxonMobil is gearing to produce Guyana's oil by 2020, and a binding contract is in place, it still doesn't mean that Natural Resources Minister, Raphael Trotman, can visit the entity's operations whenever he pleases.
According to the Production Sharing Agreement (PSA) that he and his Government signed, Trotman must give ExxonMobil seven days notice before his visit. He is also expected to carry out such a visit at his own expense.
This is enshrined in Article 9 of the contract which speaks to records, reports and information.
Article 9 (e) states: The Minister, through duly appointed representatives, upon providing the contractor with at least seven days notice, shall be entitled to observe the petroleum operations conducted by the contractor at his sole cost and expense and at all reasonable times to inspect all assets, records and data kept by the Contractor relating to such petroleum operations. In the exercise of such rights under this paragraph, the Minister shall not unduly interfere with the Contractor's petroleum operations under this agreement.”
Trotman recently came in for criticisms from several quarters for having signed on to an agreement containing such a clause. Political commentator, Ramon Gaskin recently noted that he finds this cause particularly troubling.
He noted, “Generally in this country, if the tax man wants to visit your place, he visits when he is ready. It is therefore beyond comprehension why Guyana's minister would have to give notice to an operator that is bringing up oil and gas that belongs to the state.”
OTHER FAULTS
Gaskin also highlighted other flaws within the contract. He was quick to point out that the APNU+AFC Government had a golden opportunity to correct a grave wrong that was committed by the PPP Administration in 1999.
During the PPP's time, ExxonMobil was given 600 blocks. This is ten times more than what the law stipulates. The nation's rules and regulations also specify that at every request for a renewal, the company is expected to relinquish half of the oil blocks it started with. But the PPP made an adjustment to the contract, thereby allowing the company to hold on to the 600 oil blocks.
In the new agreement that was signed last year under the Granger Administration with ExxonMobil, Natural Resources Minister, Raphael Trotman failed to address or redress the aforementioned problem.
Gaskin is also of the opinion that the Government in missing such an opportunity has allowed ExxonMobil and its affiliates to have control of some of the main oil producing blocks offshore Guyana.
Gaskin was also critical of the fact that the Government is yet to release the Bridging Deed. While the Government has released the petroleum contract it has with ExxonMobil, the Bridging Deed was one of the key documents it failed to make public. The purpose of the Deed is to replace the 1999 Agreement and the 1999 Petroleum Prospecting Licence.
Gaskin reminded that former President Janet Jagan signed the 1999 Agreement in violation of the Petroleum Exploration and Production Act (the Act) to the extent that the company (Esso Exploration and Production Guyana Limited) was granted approximately 600 blocks instead of the 60 blocks permitted by law.
He said that the 1999 Agreement and Prospecting Licence appears to have been contained in a single package and included in it is a full description of the blocks and a map of the area allotted to the oil company. However, the 2016 Agreement merely states that a Petroleum Prospecting Licence was granted for an initial period of four years.
With the Bridging Deed not being published, Gaskin said that the Government is operating in contradiction of the nation's petroleum laws.
Section 16(2) of the Petroleum Exploration and Production Act states: “The Minister, shall, as soon as may be practicable after a licence has been granted, cause notice of that fact to be published in the Gazette stating the name of the licensee and the situation of the land in respect of which the licence has been granted.”
With such behaviour, Gaskin argued that the Government has lost all moral ground to criticize anyone about secrecy. The commentator was also critical of the loud praise the administration gave itself for having increased the royalty from one to two percent. He noted that there are several African oil and gas agreements which show that there are more favourable royalty terms for the country. Gaskin stressed that the contract and its provisions are essentially generous to the contractor.
The issue of the US$18M signing bonus did not escape Gaskin's radar. The political commentator noted that the Constitution is pellucid about where monies belonging to the state are to go—The Treasury.
Gaskin also questioned the bonus received as he said that, “the number sounds funny to me…”
He noted that in the end the contractor got itself a sweetheart deal. In this regard, he pointed to the issue of cost recovery which was raised by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in its most recent report on Guyana's future and the coming of oil.
The IMF said when there is a cost recovery limit and the minimum government share of the profit is greater than zero, a royalty is obviously embedded on the agreement it would have with the oil operator.
The Fund explained that in Guyana's case, the cost recovery limit as set out in the contract is 75 percent. This means that on the annual earnings from the production oil, the contractor is allowed to recover 75 percent of his expenses. This means that there is 25 percent of the profit remaining to split evenly between the operator and the host country.
The Fund said that the Government is ultimately guaranteed to receive a minimum of 12.5 percent of the total production. When the two percent royalty rate is added, Government gets 14.5 percent of the production.
Gaskin was quick to note that there are countries with more favourable provisions than this. Given the aforementioned and other factors, the Chartered Accountant said that the contract is reflective of a terrible deal and one that is illegal given the instances in which it is in conflict with the laws of Guyana.
Google CEO Sundar Pichai canceled a town hall event about diversity shortly before it was to begin on Thursday, after he said some employees expressed concerns for their safety.
"Googlers are writing in, concerned about their safety and worried they may be 'outed' publicly for asking a question in the Town Hall," Pichai wrote in an email. "In recognition of Googlers' concerns, we need to step back and create a better set of conditions for us to have the discussion."
News of the cancelation was first reported by Recode.
Some Google employees were said to have been named personally on social media and various websites, prompting concern about whether they could candidly ask questions at the town hall.
Pichai had cut his vacation short for the town hall, where he planned to bring together employees to discuss the tensions ignited by a memo circulated inside the company that claimed to explain why more women are not engineers.
Instead of the company-wide format, Google will now hold several smaller forums "to gather and engage with Googlers, where people can feel comfortable to speak freely," Pichai wrote.
"We'll find a better way to help our employees connect and discuss these important issues further," a Google representative said in a statement.
Sundar Pichai delivers his keynote address during the Google I/O developers conference on May 28, 2015 in San Francisco. file Robert Galbraith / Reuters file
Earlier this week, Pichai told employees in an email that it's been a "difficult" few days for many people at Google and said he's committed to finding a way "to debate issues on which we might disagree — while doing so in line with our Code of Conduct."
"I'd encourage each of you to make an effort over the coming days to reach out to those who might have different perspectives from your own," he said. "I will be doing the same."
Related: ‘Google Manifesto' Firing Highlights What You Can and Can't Say at Work
The Guardian reported this week that as many as 60 women are considering filing a class action lawsuit against Google, alleging sexism and wage disparity.
Google is currently under investigation by the U.S. Department of Labor over claims it did not fairly pay some female employees. The allegations stem from a January lawsuit in which the Department of Labor asked Google to hand over compensation data.
In an April blog post, Eileen Naughton, vice president of people operations at Google, wrote the company was "quite surprised" at the allegations and that they came "without any supporting data or methodology."
Google may also potentially face a legal challenge from James Damore, the engineer who wrote the memo, and who was fired on Monday.
Damore told NBC News he was "wrongfully terminated" for "perpetuating gender stereotypes" and said he believed his firing was "for political reasons."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Fired Google engineer James Damore defends his manifesto about diversity 2:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The culture is very left-leaning and just intolerant of anyone that holds a differing opinion," he said in an interview over Skype.
He added: "I'm not just attacking diversity, I'm just attacking the fact that we can't honestly discuss any of these issues and that is actually hurting the problem."
While the consensus within Google is that some portions of the memo are acceptable to discuss and are protected speech, portions of it violated Google's code of conduct and crossed the line by advancing gender stereotypes in the workplace.
"To suggest a group of our colleagues have traits that make them less biologically suited to that work is offensive and not OK," Pichai wrote.
This is the shocking moment a dog groomer was secretly filmed hitting a tiny one-year-old puppy.
Distressing footage shows the PetSmart worker yanking at Shih Tzu Luna as she clipped and combed her coat.
Horrified owner Brooke Vowers said the pooch has been left terrified ever since she was handled roughly during the service in Katy, Texas.
The 22-year-old had dropped Luna off on Thursday for four hours of pampering at the store and was told she had been a “sweetie” when she picked her up.
But as she was leaving the shop, fellow customer Terah Leder said she had seen the groomer handling the pup roughly.
Brooke said: “She said she had been waiting for me because she had witnessed the groomer mistreating my dog terribly.
“I was in shock and thanked her for the info. I got in my car and called the groomer asking about this.
“She said Luna was ‘biting her' and needed extra force and she thought the girl misunderstood how dog grooming was.
“She explained how she loved dogs and had been doing this for ten years and apologised.
“‘I told her thank you and that it must have been a misunderstanding, but I just wanted to make sure everything was okay.”
But Brooke was stunned when Terah sent her footage showing the groomer hitting and yanking at the dog.
Brooke said: “I felt very betrayed that I trusted her with my dog and paid for a service.
“I think she should never be allowed to work with pets again and no one else should go through this.
“Luna is OK, she's just scared. She has been acting timid ever since and she hid under the bed today, which she never does.”
Brooke shared the shocking footage on Facebook and it has since been viewed more than 399,000 times.
PetSmart confirmed the groomer has been fired, saying: “This treatment is completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated. The associate is no longer with PetSmart.”
But Brooke now feels they should install cameras in the grooming rooms to prevent this happening to other dogs.
Terah, who filmed the incident, said: “It was hard to watch. If I sat down at a hair salon and someone was pulling my hair like that we would have had a fist fight. It was ridiculous.”
BELGRADE, Serbia (AP) — Along dimmed corridors in an elegant villa in central Belgrade, visitors are treated to a flashy presentation of Nikola Tesla's technology — as well as a huge array of the visionary scientist's clothes, hundreds of instruments, and even his ashes.
The Serbian museum, dedicated to everything to do with the 19th-century inventor and electricity pioneer, remained in relative obscurity for decades under the communist-run former Yugoslavia. But thanks to a global revival of interest in the scientist, the collection is now drawing big crowds from home and abroad.
Museum staff say some 130,000 people visited last year, compared to about 30,000 a year in the past — when its audience included generations of local school children but hardly anyone from abroad. Now the small museum is ranked among the top must-see destination for tourists.
Tesla is best known for developing the alternating current that helped safely distribute electricity at great distances, including from the hydro-electric plant at the Niagara Falls in mid-1890s. He experimented with X-ray and radio technology, working in rivalry with Thomas Edison.
Although he's known to many science lovers, his following and name-recognition among the general public has rocketed in recent years thanks to Paypal billionaire Elon Musk's Tesla electric car. In the U.S., Tesla admirers have raised money through crowdfunding to purchase his laboratory In Shoreham, N.Y.
An ethnic Serb born in 1856 in the Austrian Empire in present-day Croatia, Tesla spent most of his life abroad, working in Budapest and Paris before emigrating to the U.S. in 1884.
The Tesla Museum in Belgrade holds a vast array of the scientist's personal items, from his sleepwear, shaving kit, tailor-made suit and cane to tens of thousands of documents and his awards. Even pieces of furniture from the New Yorker Hotel room 3327, where Tesla spent the last ten years of his life — his bed, fridge, metal lockers and a cupboard — are included.
"He was a man who took great care of his belongings and saved a large number of documents, so thanks to that we can now reconstruct his life and his work," curator Milica Kesler said. "He was fully aware of the importance of what he was doing."
Packed in some sixty trunks and containers, Tesla's entire property first arrived in the former Yugoslavia on a ship from New York in 1951, eight years after his death. Authorities set up the museum in 1952, which later struggled with scarce funds and low attendance.
Nowadays, thrilled visitors are given fluorescent light sticks that light up wirelessly with the discharge from the Tesla coil, a four-meter-tall transformer circuit that generates electricity. In a separate room, in a somewhat macabre setting of dimmed lights and dark drapes, are Tesla's ashes in a golden ball urn.
There are now so many visitors that the museum has extended its working hours and introduced more guided tours. Museum worker Pavle Petrovic says "the holiday season is the busiest, of course, but numbers stay high throughout the year."
Although Tesla visited Belgrade just once for 31 hours, Serbia celebrates him as the pride of the nation. Belgrade's airport and a new city boulevard are named after Tesla, his image is on souvenirs, and the Serbian Orthodox Church wants Tesla's ashes placed in the country's main religious temple, triggering protests by the liberal scientific community.
Typical of the Balkan divide, neighboring Croatia also claims Tesla as its own, turning his house in the home village of Smiljan into a memorial center. The rival former Yugoslav republics have marked important dates in Tesla's life separately amid strained relations stemming from the 1990s' bloody breakup of the joint ex-federation.
Away from the crowds, Tesla's archive of more than 160,000 documents, scientific plans, manuscripts and letters is stored carefully in the museum's basement. Curator Kesler said Tesla made the experts' job easy by keeping a neat chronology of the documents.
"Sometimes I have a feeling he left us some kind of path, a guideline to follow," she said with a smile.
Besides creating a public relations nightmare for the Trump White House and raising more questions about its ties to the Russian government, the resignation of Gen. Michael Flynn from the role of national security advisor on Monday was historic in terms of the speed with which it occurred.
We've never seen a President's national security adviser go anywhere near this quickly. — Michael Beschloss (@BeschlossDC) February 14, 2017
Flynn, whose record of incendiary remarks and policy positions had made him a controversial pick from the start, resigned late on Monday night after serving just 24 days in office.
That is by far the shortest tenure of a National Security Advisor (not counting acting and interim caretakers) since the position was created in 1953 during the Cold War.
Related: Michael Flynn Resigns, Hillary Clinton and World Reacts
Prior to Flynn, the shortest serving occupant of the role (which is not subject to Senate confirmation) was William H. Jackson, a former U.S. Army intelligence officer who advised President Dwight Eisenhower for 129 days during the tail end of his first term in the White House. Jackson was replaced in what appears to be part of the traditional turnover which tends to occur when administrations enter a second term.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Chuck Todd on Michael Flynn resignation: 'It's not the crime, it's the cover-up' 1:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
According to author and London School of Economics government fellow Brian Klaas, the average length of a National Security Advisor's White House tenure is 949 days on the job.
In other words, the timing of Flynn's early departure, amid a cloud of suspicion and international intrigue, is fairly unprecedented.
In 2014, the Washington Post reported that only 13 executive branch officials have served fewer than 100 days in office throughout the country's history, and that the average cabinet member spends "1,118 days between confirmation and resignation."
Related: Flynn's Departure Raises More Questions Than It Answers
There are infamous outliers, such as former President William Henry Harrison, who died of pneumonia in office just 31 days after his inauguration. However, typically if a senior White House official only lasts a few days in a position it's because they are simply finishing out the waning days of a lame duck presidency.
"WE DO NOT NEED A RECKLESS PRESIDENT WHO BELIEVES SHE IS ABOVE THE LAW" https://t.co/hsILNvTL9Z — Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) February 14, 2017
That appears to have been the case with Joseph W. Barr, who served as Treasury Secretary for the last 26 days of President Lyndon Johnson's administration in January of 1969. The same goes for Lawrence Eagleburger who became Secretary of State in December of 1992, after President George H.W. Bush had lost his re-election bid, and stayed on for 42 days until January 19, 1993.
Three other top officials who tenures were shorter than Flynn's date back to the 19th century.
Former Congressman Thomas W. GIlmer was appointed as Secretary of the Navy in February of 1844, but was killed tragically in a boating accident nine days later.
Elihu B. Washburne only lasted in the highly influential role of Secretary of State of 11 days due to health scare in March of 1869.
And Thomas M.T. McKennan only made it to 11 days as Secretary of the Interior in 1850, reportedly because he never really wanted the job in the first place.
Although Flynn may still be subjected to investigations for his purported overtures to Russia on sanctions, he can take heart in the fact Washburne rebounded after his illness to have a respected career as a diplomat and even mounted a campaign for the presidency in 1880, albeit an unsuccessful one.
SAN FRANCISCO — As tech companies work to increase the diversity of their ranks, a 10-page document allegedly written by a Google engineer — purporting to explain why more women aren't engineers — is adding fresh fuel to the fiery debate around gender bias in Silicon Valley.
Given the nickname the "Google Manifesto" by people online, the author, who was allegedly an engineer at Google, claims women don't handle stress as well as men so they aren't suited to demanding jobs. He also cites biological reasons for the disparity.
"I am just kind of tired of it," said Cate Huston, a former Google engineer. "These things keep happening and the details change but the substantive portion of it is that women shouldn't be engineers and we aren't welcome."
The document, which was first reported by Motherboard and published in full by Gizmodo over the weekend, comes as Silicon Valley is grappling with how to fix its bro culture after a number of headline-grabbing stories this year.
A bicyclist rides past a sign at the Google headquarters March 10, 2010 in Mountain View, California. file Justin Sullivan / Getty Images file
"I strongly believe in gender and racial diversity, and I think we should strive for more. However, to achieve a more equal gender and race representation, Google has created several discriminatory practices: Programs, mentoring, and classes only for people with a certain gender or race, a high priority queue and special treatment for 'diversity' candidates, hiring practices which can effectively lower the bar for 'diversity' candidates by decreasing the false negative rate," the author wrote.
There were reports (Bloomberg) Monday night (Recode) that the author was fired, but NBC News could not independently confirm them.
Google CEO Sundar Pichai sent an email to Google employees Monday night with the subject "Our words matter" and said he was cutting his vacation short to hold a town hall on the subject later this week.
He said the controversial memo violates the company's code of conduct and crosses a line by "advancing harmful gender stereotypes in our workplace. ... To suggest a group of our colleagues have traits that make them less biologically suited to that work is offensive and not OK."
Pichai added that certain employees shouldn't have to worry or feel judged when they speak at meetings.
But he also made clear that Google fosters an environment that encourages expression, and those with a minority viewpoint can't be discounted. In general, "it remains our policy to not take action against anyone for prompting these discussions," he said, adding: "I'd encourage each of you to make an effort over the coming days to reach out to those who might have different perspectives from your own. I will be doing the same."
The tech industry has long been a predominantly white male sector and it's something many companies are making a more conscious effort to change by hiring a more diverse workforce — with the potential to increase the number of women and minorities in technical and leadership positions.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Recode' Editor: Google Employee's Anti-Women Memo Hurts Tech Industry 3:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Overall, Google's workforce is 69 percent male, 31 percent female. When it comes to technical positions, the gender breakdown is even more skewed, with just 20 percent of technical jobs being filled by women. Google's diversity report notes they're making progress in hiring more women for tech jobs, marking a 1 percent increase from the previous year.
By comparison, 23 percent of Apple's technical roles are filled by women. At Facebook, 17 percent of those jobs are done by women.
"Diversity and inclusion are a fundamental part of our values and the culture we continue to cultivate. We are unequivocal in our belief that diversity and inclusion are critical to our success as a company, and we'll continue to stand for that and be committed to it for the long haul," Danielle Brown, who started as Google's chief diversity officer a few weeks ago, wrote in an email to employees. She declined to link to the manifesto since it "advanced incorrect assumptions about gender."
Alaina Percival, CEO of Women Who Code, a San Francisco organization helping women succeed in technology jobs, said women in tech have been hearing comments like this ever since the industry boomed.
"This definitely comes about. It's not always so blatant," she said.
"It's sad," she said of the Google Manifesto. "It feels like a step back when we have seen so many steps forward but it is highlighting the view of an individual and group of people that gives us the opportunity to address this view directly, because it is being stated so directly."
Huston feels the same way.
"I think it exists everywhere, right?" she said. "There are people who want things to change and there are people who want things to stay the same. And the people who want things to stay the same are invested in justifying why things are the way they are."
Related: Silicon Valley Grapples With How to Fix a Sexist Culture
While Google is at least showing measurable progress by hiring more women in technical roles, Google is also hitting back at allegations from the U.S. Department of Labor that it did not fairly pay some female employees. The allegations stem from a January lawsuit in which the Department of Labor asked Google to hand over compensation data.
In an April blog post, Eileen Naughton, vice president of people operations at Google, wrote the company was "quite surprised" at the allegations and that they came "without any supporting data or methodology."
But even with women thriving in engineering positions, the work environment in the largely male-dominated field has at times, been hostile to women.
Susan Fowler, a former engineer at Uber, reflected on her "very, very strange" year at Uber in a blog post, where she said she was propositioned for sex on her first day on the job, was repeatedly blocked from advancement and found Uber's human resources department unwilling to take action on sexual harassment claims she and other female employees filed.
Fowler's blog was the catalyst for change at Uber, with the company ordering two independent investigations into its workplace culture and allegations of harassment. The reports led to at least 20 firings and ultimately, the departure of CEO Travis Kalanick.
"I can't help laughing at this Googler's misogynist manifesto because it reminds me of what one female Uber HR rep told me," Fowler tweeted on Monday. "She told me that, in her experience, there were more Asian women in accounting because Asian women are just really good with numbers. Likewise, she said, there were more white men in engineering because white men were simply more suited for engineering than others!"
Uber — which is searching for a new CEO — can't even seem to entice a top female candidate to keep her name in contention.
Meg Whitman, CEO of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, withdrew her name from the list last month. Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook's COO, was rumored to be a top choice early on; however, a source close to Sandberg told NBC News in June that she is definitely staying at Facebook.
(3/3) We have a lot of work still to do at HPE and I am not going anywhere. Uber's CEO will not be Meg Whitman. — Meg Whitman (@MegWhitman) July 28, 2017
But it doesn't just stop at Uber.
"It's interesting because I think one of the issues around Silicon Valley is it's supposed to be this tolerant and open-minded place and — just like the rest of the world — there are problems with sexism. There are problems with racism. There are all kinds of problems that had not been paid attention to," said technology journalist and co-founder of Recode Kara Swisher.
Many female founders — fed up with bad behavior — began sharing their experiences of being harassed by some male venture capitalists. Those stories led some big names in the tech investment community to resign from their positions.
Sexual harassment is pervasive, with one survey earlier this year reporting 60 percent of women in tech saying they had received unwanted sexual advances. Called "Elephant in the Valley," the survey included over 200 women with at least 10 years of experience working in technology.
"It's really corrosive to the strides we're making in diversity," said Jocelyn DeGance Graham, founder of Cloud-NOW.org, a Silicon Valley nonprofit championing women in tech.
While Graham — and plenty of other people in the tech community — don't agree with the Google Manifesto author's message, she said she's happy about one thing: we're talking about it.
Percival agrees.
"As organizations become more diverse and women are better represented, it's going to make something that is already good — the tech industry — and even better place," she said.
Alyssa Newcomb reported from San Francisco and Jo Ling Kent reported from Los Angeles.
Follow @insidefutbol
Toni Kroos still remembers Bayern Munich's Champions League final defeat against Chelsea as the most devastating loss of his career.
The German giants started the final as firm favourites to see off Chelsea, especially with home advantage due to the final taking place at the Allianz Arena in Munich.
But it was the Blues who were celebrating at the end of 120 minutes of football, as a 1-1 scoreline meant a penalty shootout which they won 4-3.
Kroos did not take a penalty in the shootout, but he did stay on the pitch for all 120 minutes of the game – and the defeat hurt.
Asked in a Twitter Q&A to name the most devastating defeat of his career, Kroos replied: "2012 CL final."
Colorado's cannabis sales have chilled from their seasonal summer highs.
After three consecutive months of $136 million in combined recreational and medical cannabis sales, Colorado's marijuana dispensaries recorded nearly $121.6 million in sales during October, according to The Cannabist's extrapolations of state sales tax data made public Monday.
The October totals consisted of nearly $87.7 million in recreational sales and $33.9 million in medical cannabis sales, according to The Cannabist's calculations. The state report does not disclose sales data.
Ten months into 2017, Colorado's cannabis retailers have tallied $1.28 billion in sales, putting the industry just shy of the full-year total of $1.31 billion for 2016, according to The Cannabist's archive sales data. Those sales equate to roughly $208 million in taxes and fees revenue for the state.
The summer dip has not been uncommon for Colorado's young cannabis industry. Aside from a $750,000 month-to-month increase in the formative first year of 2014, monthly sales tailed off from September to October in 2015 and again during the same period in 2016.
The October sales data also show the continuation of another trend: The slowing of annual growth rates as the industry matures.
Growth rates have narrowed since the spring of 2017, dropping from 36 percent at the end of March to 17.5 percent through October. During 2016, the annual growth rates ranged from 30 percent to 37 percent.
The latest monthly report from the state revenue department lists marijuana taxes and license fees remitted by cannabis businesses to the state office during November. The receipts largely reflect sales made in October, but there is a potential for some variance because of incomplete or late returns from prior months.
Sales stats for Colorado weed
A month-by-month look comparing sales of recreational and medical marijuana, as calculated by The Cannabist:
2017 Recreational total (10 months)
$921,554,385 2017 Medical total (10 months)
$361,661,270 2017 (10 months): $1,283,215,655 2016 Recreational total (12 months)
$875,277,360 2016 Medical total (12 months)
$437,879,186 2016 total: $1,313,156,545
ON TUESDAY, THE Save the 8th Campaign launched a new campaign in relation to the upcoming referendum on abortion.
The national campaign to defeat the referendum on the Eighth Amendment involves two billboard posters which are being put up across the country.
The Save the 8th campaign said in a press release:
The billboards, launched after consultation with Disability Voices for Life, a group representing families that include somebody with a disability, reveal on [sic] the shocking increase in the numbers of abortions carried out, and the heart-breaking rate of babies with Down syndrome being aborted, after abortion was legalised in Britain.
Save the 8th adds:
The billboards capture some stark facts that are being hidden from the debate. One quotes the shocking statistic that 1 in every 5 babies is aborted in Britain, while the other features Joseph Cronin, a Donegal boy with Down syndrome, and gives a human face to the heartbreaking fact that 90% of babies with the condition have their lives ended before birth in other jurisdictions.
One of the posters says:
In Britain, 90% of babies with Down Syndrome are aborted.
Where does the figure come from?
On this poster, the quote has a source (on the bottom right-hand side) beneath it: 2013 Bruce Enquiry (sic).
This appears to refer to a 2013 independent report into abortion on the grounds of disability, which was carried out by a cross-party group of MPs chaired by Fiona Bruce, a Conservative MP. She is the former chair of an informal cross-party British parliamentary pro-life group.
Though the report is called a ‘parliamentary inquiry', it is not an official government inquiry.
The percentage of abortions
The Bruce inquiry report includes this line (words in bold are its emphasis):
A considerable amount of evidence was presented on the experience of expecting a child with Down's Syndrome: approximately 90% of babies with a definite diagnosis of Down's Syndrome are aborted; about 30% of births of children with Down's Syndrome have no prenatal diagnosis.
It appears that the Save the 8th campaign billboard is quoting from this line.
However, the source material (pointed out in a footnote) to this line is the National Down Syndrome Cytogenetic Register (NDSCR) for England and Wales 2010 Annual Report.
This footnote reads:
After the prenatal diagnosis of Down's Syndrome 91% of affected pregnancies are terminated and 9% are continued. Some of the continued pregnancies miscarry naturally, some end as still births, and approximately 6% of prenatal diagnosis of Down's Syndrome end in live births. Quoted from page 4 of Morris JK, The National Down Syndrome Cytogenetic Register for England and Wales 2010 Annual Report. Queen Mary University of London, Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry 2011 and Professor Joan Morris, Oral Evidence Session 4, pages 82-3
As the source material for the data quoted on the Save the 8th poster is not strictly the ‘Bruce' inquiry but in fact the NDSCR, we will be dealing with the latter report.
The NDSCR annual report does not use the word “babies” or “baby“, but refers to “prenatal diagnosis” and uses the words “pregnancies” and “fetal”.
The use of the word ‘baby' is significant as there is currently a case before the Supreme Court on the meaning of the word ‘unborn' in the Constitution.
A ruling by the High Court in 2016 found that references to the “unborn” in the Constitution meant an unborn child. Now the Supreme Court is to examine the ruling, in which judge Richard Humphreys ruled that the use of the word “unborn” in Bunreacht na hÉireann meant an “unborn child”, with the unborn's rights extending beyond the right to life.
While the Supreme Court wrestles with this, currently the word ‘baby' is typically used to refer to a child that has been born. Under dictionary definitions, ‘baby' refers to an ‘extremely young child'.
In essence, while the poster uses the word ‘baby', what it really means is ‘unborn child' or ‘foetus'.
However, the Save the 8th campaign told TheJournal.ie:
Everyone describes their preborn child as a baby.
As we will see, the poster also refers to “babies with Down Syndrome”, although what it is referring to is a percentage of pregnancies given a prenatal diagnosis of Down Syndrome.
Prenatal diagnosis and postnatal diagnosis
The 90% termination rate in the NDSCR report and the billboard poster only refers to prenatal diagnosis of Down syndrome.
The data shows that not all children with Down syndrome in England and Wales are diagnosed prenatally.
On page 7 of The NDSCR for England and Wales 2010 Annual Report, it says:
1887 Down syndrome diagnoses were made in 2009, 1171 (62%) prenatally and 716 (38%) postnatally
In the 2010 report, of the 716 cases where Down syndrome was diagnosed postnatally in 2009, there were 690 live births and 26 still births/foetal deaths.
There were 1,171 that were diagnosed prenatally. Out of this, 876 pregnancies were terminated (74%); there were 63 live births; 37 still births/miscarriage; and 195 with an ‘unknown outcome'.
The report says that 6% of those with ‘unknown outcomes' are likely to result in a live birth.
So the 90% referred to in the poster is 90% of those diagnosed prenatally.
In 2010, for example, that is 90% of 62% (prenatal diagnoses), which equates to 55.8% of all pregnancies which have the potential to result in a Down syndrome diagnosis.
The NDSCR annual reports show that every year, not all diagnoses of Down syndrome are made prenatally.
But of these prenatal diagnoses, the vast majority are terminated:
For example:
2009 : Prenatal diagnosis: 1171 (terminations – 876), postnatal diagnoses: 716
: Prenatal diagnosis: 1171 (terminations – 876), postnatal diagnoses: 716 2010 : Prenatal: 1188 (terminations - 942 ), postnatal 680
: Prenatal: 1188 (terminations - 942 ), postnatal 680 2011 : Prenatal: 1211 (terminations – 931), postnatal: 662
: Prenatal: 1211 (terminations – 931), postnatal: 662 2012: Prenatal: 1259 (terminations – 983), postnatal 723
(Just to note – you'll see that these numbers don't add up to a 90% termination rate or over for prenatal diagnosis. This is because at the time the report was published, the registry did not have the full numbers, it says. However, the reports all project a termination rate of prenatal diagnoses for the specific year, based on the rate in previous years, and they are always 90% or above – you can read all of the annual reports here.)
What about Ireland?
What we can't infer at this point is whether these outcomes in England and Wales would be reflected to the same percentage in Ireland, should abortion legislation allow terminations up to 12 weeks (the timeframe which has been put forward by the Eighth Amendment Committee).
This is due to a number of factors.
Firstly, the timing of tests for Down syndrome.
The HSE says that ideally, people will have antenatal screenings by the end of the first trimester, which is 13 weeks and six days. Most women are screened between 11 to 13 weeks, and screenings are possible up to 20 weeks of pregnancy.
Down Syndrome Ireland says that:
Sometimes babies with Down syndrome are identified during pregnancy as a result of pre-natal tests. In the majority of cases, the presence of Down syndrome is identified soon after birth from the baby's clinical features and confirmed with a blood test.
There are two types of diagnostic tests – chorionic villus sampling (CVS) and amniocentesis. Of the two, CVS can be performed after 10 weeks of pregnancy. Approximately one woman in 100 will have a miscarriage after having either of these tests.
However, testing is continuing to get better in this area.
For example the NIPT test for Down Syndrome, which is offered by the NHS in the UK, tests cell-free fetal DNA (cffDNA), which comes from the placenta. An NHS factsheet says that cffDNA “reaches the required level needed to test for Down syndrome by 10 weeks' gestation in most pregnancies”.
With regard to Irish women currently travelling abroad, the Irish Independent reported this week that 83 Irish women ended their pregnancy over Down syndrome over the period of two years.
Because not all diagnoses of Down syndrome are given prenatally, we simply cannot say at this point if in Ireland the rate of termination in every case of Down syndrome diagnosis would be 90%.
By comparison, in the USA, according to a study of 24 studies on the topic:
The weighted mean termination rate was 67% (range: 61%–93%) among seven population-based studies, 85% (range: 60%–90%) among nine hospital-based studies, and 50% (range: 0%–100%) among eight anomaly-based studies. Evidence suggests that termination rates have decreased in recent years. Termination rates also varied with maternal age, gestational age, and maternal race/ethnicity.
What does the Save the 8th Campaign say?
In answer to an email query, the Save the 8th campaign said that the statistic on the poster:
This is an annual report by the same people who carried out the 2010 report that is referenced in the inquiry report chaired by Fiona Bruce MP, just for a different year.
The outcomes are similar in the two reports – in 2013, it says that the termination rate for prenatally-diagnosed Down syndrome remains high:
The proportion of women having a termination after a prenatal diagnosis of Down syndrome has decreased from 92% in 1989-2010 to 90% in 2011, 2012 and 2013.
So although the billboard poster itself refers to the 2013 Bruce Enquiry (sic), their report itself refers to the 2010 NDSCR report.
And the details differ very little between this and the 2013 NDSCR report which the Save the 8th campaign referred us to in answer to our query about the source for the statistic.
The termination rate in prenatal diagnosis of Down syndrome is at least 90% in both reports.
The NDSCR for England and Wales‘s final report was in 2014. That year, 65% of all diagnoses of Down syndrome in England and Wales were made prenatally. There were 1,886 diagnoses of Down syndrome in those countries that year.
The majority – 78% – were diagnosed after the first trimester in England, compared to 26% in Wales.
Is the statement on the billboard correct?
The statement on the billboard poster is:
In Britain, 90% of babies with Down Syndrome are aborted.
On a basic level, the statement does not clarify that the 90% rate refers to prenatally diagnosed Down syndrome.
In order to be fully correct, the poster could say:
In England and Wales, 90% of pregnancies with prenatally diagnosed Down syndrome are terminated.
The statistic of 90% is correct when referring to prenatally diagnosed Down syndrome.
However, this is not a clarification available to members of the public passing by these billboards.
Mapusa: Taking a step towards digitalisation, the electricity department has started collecting data of all its consumers across the state to provide better service. The department is planning to launch a SMS alert service that would inform the consumers about technical faults, power shutdown and other important details. This is also aimed at ensuring effective and prompt service to the people.The department has issued monthly electricity bill to the consumers alongwith a slip which is supposed to be filled and submitted back. Information like consumer ID, mobile phone number, address, email ID has to be filled up on the slip and submitted at the time of bill payment or handed over to the meter reader.
This initiative is part of Union Power Ministry wherein Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) will develop a broadcast message service alongwith a mobile application and web portal.In Goa, Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd has been appointed as consultant who has started the process of collecting data through which a database will be developed and relevant information pertaining to shutdown, technical faults and other issues will be sent through short messaging service (SMS) facility.“Our meter readers have already started distributing the slip alongwith monthly electricity bill to consumers and are asking them to fill and submit the slip to the meter reader itself or while paying the electricity bill at our office or the bank,” informed C H Rajagopalan, executive engineer of electricity department, Mapusa.
He further informed that “this is a part of central government scheme wherein consumers will get SMS on their registered number about scheduled shutdown and other details. Hence, we request all consumers to cooperate and submit the requisite details.”“We have undertaken this initiative for the benefit of our consumers so that we can provide prompt service to them,” added Rajagopalan. [NT]
REDWOOD CITY — Salespeople at Oracle earned commissions but then had to pay money back under threat of legal action after the firm retroactively lowered their compensation, a $150 million lawsuit filed Tuesday claimed.
Marcella Johnson of Modesto, who sold software for the Bay Area tech giant for 16 months, alleged in the lawsuit that she worked for months without receiving commissions she'd earned, because Oracle had forced her to give back commission money she had already received.
A lawyer representing Johnson said an estimated 1,000 to 2,000 salespeople at the company were also affected by what Oracle calls “re-planning.” Johnson is seeking class-action certification and more than $150 million in damages for herself and other current and former employees.
Oracle declined to comment on the suit, filed in U.S. District Court in San Francisco.
In re-planning, sales staff would earn commissions, then Oracle would require them to sign a new commission agreement that lowered the amount they received, according to the lawsuit. When earned commissions had not yet been paid, they were adjusted down, and when they'd been paid already, Oracle demanded staffers give the amount of “overpayment” back, the suit said.
“Oracle has systematically stiffed its sales force of earned commission wages for many years, by scrapping contractual compensation plans when they yield commission earnings that are higher than Oracle would prefer to pay,” the lawsuit said.
“Oracle routinely decides to change commission formulas so as to reduce commission payments on past sales, well after the commissions have been earned and even sometimes after they have been paid,” according to the suit.
Johnson spent the last six months of her time at Oracle earning commissions but not receiving them, in order to satisfy the debt her employer said she owed, said her lawyer Xinying Valerian of law firm Sanford Heisler.
To “coerce” employees into accepting the reduced commissions, Oracle threatened to deny payment of commissions they had already earned, the suit said.
“If employees cannot afford to fork over substantial sums, employees are left with a
… choice: pay off the supposed debt by continuing to work for Oracle without
being paid commissions or be threatened with a collections lawsuit if they leave before completely paying off their negative commission balance,” the suit said.
Salespeople were essentially powerless to fight back against the clawbacks, Valerian said. “Employees don't really have the leverage to do much more than just to gripe about it to their managers, for example.”
Johnson, who had to pay back around $20,000 to Oracle, complained to her manager and got nowhere, Valerian said.
“She was told that nothing could be done. She was simply informed that she had been re-planned. She was pointed to a policy that described Oracle supposedly having the power to claw back commission payments,” Valerian said.
For many affected employees, commissions could make up half their total compensation, Valerian said.
Even if Oracle has a clause in its employee contract that allows for retroactive adjustments to commissions, California law contains rules on compensation that supersede contract law, said Orly Lobel, an employment law professor at the University of San Diego School of Law.
“Likely the plaintiffs are correct — if there has been a representation by Oracle to this class of employees about their commissions payment and then it opportunistically changes the terms just before or even after the fruits of their labor are materialized, this may be deemed against California policy,” Lobel said.
Johnson, who worked at Oracle from March 2013 to July 2014, quit the firm as soon as she'd made her last repayment, Valerian said. Johnson is now a sales director for Chicago-based Epay Systems.
The lawsuit, intended to cover commissioned salespeople working at Oracle during the past four years, alleged that the company reduced the commissions to meet its financial targets.
“Over the years, Oracle has taken millions of dollars from commission wages to add to its bottom line,” the suit said.
BEECH GROVE, Ind. (WISH) – Friday night football is back in action and it is week eight for The Zone and high school football in Indiana.
The Beech Grove Hornets are set to play Triton Central at 7 p.m. and both teams have more on their mind than just touchdowns.
It is the Coaches vs. Cancer game at Beech Grove High School and an effort to raise money for the American Cancer Society.
A chili dinner will be held at 6:30 p.m. costs $5. Coaches vs. Cancer t-shirts will be sold for $10.
The goal is to bring together students, staff and community members to raise awareness and money for an important cause.
All of the money raised from the event will go to support the American Cancer Society.
Vladimir Putin meets with co-chairs of his campaign office at the Kremlin in Moscow on Monday. Yuri Kadobnov / Pool via Reuters
- Advertisement -
The leaders of Azerbaijan, Belarus, Iran, Japan, Kazakhstan, Moldova and Saudi Arabia all congratulated Putin, as did the leaders of Bolivia, Cuba and Venezuela.
Meanwhile, the reaction from Western countries that have been questioning the policies and actions of Putin's government on many fronts has been decidedly muted.
A German government spokesman said Chancellor Angela Merkel would congratulate Putin soon, adding that while Berlin has differences of opinion with Moscow, it's important to keep up contact.
There was no reaction from the United States as of 12:30 p.m. ET Monday. The U.S. took a tougher tone on Russia last week, issuing long-awaited
sanctions against Russian “cyber actors” for interference in the 2016 U.S. election.
French President Emmanuel Macron did speak with Putin by telephoneon Monday, wishing Russia and its people “success with the modernization of the country on the political, democratic, economic and social fronts.”
“ I think there is a feeling that we have been wronged and that breeds unity”
But a spokesperson for British Prime Minister Theresa May said Monday that the U.K. will comment on the outcome of the election when it has seen an assessment by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe's election observation mission. The OSCE has already
released a report suggesting the election was well administered, although characterized by restrictions on fundamental freedoms and a lack of genuine competition.
Russia's diplomatic relationship with the United Kingdom turned particularly sour just days before the election in light of the
poisoning of former Russian agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter in England.
In an intensifying spat between the two countries,
Russia expelled 23 British diplomats on Saturday in a retaliatory measure after Britain accused the Kremlin of responsibility for the poisoning and kicked out 23 Russian diplomats last week.
May said last week that she had spoken to President Donald Trump, Merkel and Macron, who all agreed to “cooperate closely” in response to the killing and to “stand up for the rules-based international order which Russia seeks to undermine.”
Putin denied Russia was behind the attack during a post-election news conference Sunday night, calling the incident “a tragedy.”
“Any sensible person understands that it's a complete fantasy, rubbish, nonsense, that someone in Russia might do something like this on the eve of the presidential elections and the World Cup,” Putin said.
This frostiness from the West didn't dent restaurant worker Victor Trakhin's enthusiasm for Putin, however.
“I am with Putin. Seventy-six is not enough — It's 100 percent for me,” Trakhin said, a Moscow resident.
He says he finds the muted reaction from the West expected.
“They are afraid. What else can they say? They are not happy Russia is someone to contend with,” he said.
Newspapers show Vladimir Putin after his reelection at a newsstand in Moscow on Monday. Kirill Kudryavtsev / AFP – Getty Images
Retiree Stanislav Maslov, 79, disagreed, and said he wished relations with the West were better.
“I also want normalized relations with the rest of the world,” said Maslov, who added that he had voted for Grudinin and that he thought Putin's share of the vote would be significantly lower.
With six more years of Putin's rule, Maslov said he wanted the president to pay more attention to the economy and internal affairs.
Some mused about how the Skirpal poisoning affected the results of the election.
Anastasia Esupova, 24, a creative director and St. Petersburg native, called the case “just another provocation,” but thinks the diplomatic dispute it caused may have played in Putin's favor.
“A lot of our citizens want to see a strong, military image,” Esupova said. “I think there is a feeling that we have been wronged, and that breeds unity.”
In France, two separate trials open on Wednesday and Thursday in which activists are charged with human trafficking for helping migrants on humanitarian grounds. The law on which they are being charged is currently under review in the Constitutional Court.
Martine Landry, a 73-year-old pensioner working with rights group Amnesty International, faces up to five years in prison and a 30,000-euro fine in a trial that opens in Nice on Wednesday.
Landry is accused of facilitating the passage of two Guinean boys, then aged 15 and 16, into France from a Franco-Italian border post on 28 July 2017 so that they could have access to social services.
On Thursday a separate trial opens in the town of French Alpine town of Gap of two Swiss nationals, aged 23 and 26, and one Italian, 27, who accompanied migrants through a mountain pass on 22 April 2018.
They face up to 10 years in prison, 750,000 euros in fines and a ban from French territory.
In both trials, charges stem from a clause in immigration law punishing “any person who directly or indirectly facilitated or attempted to facilitate the irregular entry, circulation or stay of a foreigner in France”.
Solidarity and trafficking
Opponents of the law refer to this as the “solidarity offence”, pointing out that it applies to both humanitarian efforts and human trafficking.
“If I become friends with a migrant who has no papers and invite them to sleep on my sofa, I become a criminal, and if I become a trafficker and have Nigerian prostitutes come into France, I am a criminal under the same provision,” says Lucile Abassade, a lawyer in the Paris region.
“There is an exemption [for certain humanitarian cases], but it's very narrow and it doesn't apply to everyone who wants to give genuine help to people in need, who happen to be irregular migrants.”
As the trials open, France's Constitutional Court is reviewing the law, following a request coming out of the trial of Cédric Herrou, an Alps region farmer convicted for helping migrants enter France via Italy.
The court will need to decide whether the law violates the French constitutional principle of fraternity.
“The Constitutional Court will have to decide what the fraternity principle is, whether it's a principle, whether it's legally binding, so this will be interesting for lawyers,” says Abassade.
“But the court will also have to say something about the text itself, in plain words, is it fair or unfair. That's the underlying question.”
Such cases have become relatively common in France in recent years.
In 2016 Abassade successfully defended Rob Lawrie, a British man accused of trafficking for trying to bring an Afghan girl into the UK from the French port city of Calais.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana was shot Wednesday at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, congressional officials say.
Rep. Mo Brooks, R-Ala., said several other people also were hit, including two law enforcement officers.
Alexandria Police say a suspect is in custody.
For more on this story, follow online at with ABC News.
Stay with KFOR FM103.3/1240AM for complete coverage from ABC News on this developing story.
Those of you who were around then will connect with her musical — and other — memories.
"I happened to be in college," Rita wrote one day last year, "and there was always a radio on.
"It was the era of Tennessee Ernie singing 'Sixteen Tons,' Jimmy Dean singing about 'Scarlet Ribbons for Her Hair,' Carl Perkins with 'Blue Suede Shoes' and Johnny Cash with 'Ring of Fire' and most likely 'I'll Walk the Line.'
"Pat Boone and some new guy (maybe Little Richard) both had recorded a nonsense type song called 'Tutti Fruitti.'"
"In June when I joined a youth mission summer trip that took us to many states, we crossed the Allegheny Mountains listening to a girl singer who may have been Patti Page sing 'Allegheny Moon.'
"When we got to Kansas City or maybe Wichita, we saw little mites with big ears singing 'M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E' and a guy in the afternoon named Dick Clark played records for teenagers to dance to — the girls in circle skirts and big crinolines whirled around shades of black and gray."
Bright clothing
It was Marilyn McDougall, Fargo, who sent Neighbors many of Rita's columns because she wants to give Forum readers a taste of Rita's down-home writings.
Rita has been writing for the Republican for around 30 years.
In July 2016, she wrote, "Waking up this morning to a dark cloudy day with memories of the news of yesterday and other recent days in mind I tried to look for a light at the end of the tunnel so to speak. Is there anything anyone can do to stem the tide of violence or even the backlash of pointing blame?
"People often joke about the fact that if I want to change the atmosphere around me I look for bright colors. Before facing a dark day, I want to find the brightest outfit in my closet and work from there. Foolish, maybe, but it sometimes cheers up the people I meet on the street."
Then Rita, who is a Langdon native, brings up this pre-World War II memory:
"In 1939, we sat in our small house in Langdon and shivered at what was an unknown and probable horrific future. I have been told this happened on my birthday and that the cake baked that year was the last one I had until the war ended and sugar was no longer rationed.
"But I do not think my family or yours sat idly by. We went to church and prayed for guidance and peace."
And speaking of church, Rita wrote a column about the Fischer piano in Langdon's United Methodist Church. "Members of the old Methodist church tended to refer to it as 'Chelta's piano' and a plaque on it lists it as given in memory of Chelta Hawley, 1902-1970, by her husband Fred Hawley."
Mail-order brides
Rita also wrote about the arranged marriages in pioneer days.
"They seem to have occurred in nearly every small community in Cavalier County and were, in many cases, a surprisingly durable arrangement," she wrote.
"Some of these brides were obtained by writing to relatives in the old country. Others were obtained by advertising in the newspaper or writing to people who appear to have been marriage brokers.
"A story which has often been told about one couple who were both originally from England is that they had known each other there, but he had been gone so long that they did not recognize each other when she arrived at the train station in Langdon. He then located her trunk and waited for her to find him."
If you have an item of interest for this column, mail it to Neighbors, The Forum, Box 2020, Fargo, ND 58107, fax it to 241-5487 or email blind@forumcomm.com.
Moorhead, ranked No. 13 in Class 2A, continued its hot streak with a 3-1 win over No. 20 Bemidji Tuesday night at the Bemidji Community Arena. Moorhead, which has a 12-0-2 record in its last 14 games, improves its overall record to 18-3-3 with the win.
Bemidji falls to 13-10-1.
"I thought we were slow at reacting, real tentative out there," Bemidji head coach Wade Chiodo said. "You can't do that against good teams. You just gotta play free, you gotta hard and tonight it wasn't there."
The Jacks trailed 3-1 entering the third but outshot the visitors 10-5 in the final frame as they made a comeback attempt.
"This is a tough place to play and to come in and win a game, it's a challenge for anybody," Moorhead head coach Jon Ammerman said. "I thought in the third period (Bemidji was) very good and towards the end we were just kind of hanging on. But we ran enough plays to win. They've got a good team and obviously in the third period they were motoring."
The Spuds took a 1-0 lead when Jacob Holtgrewe and Kyler Kleven teamed up on a 2-on-1 odd-man rush as Holtgrewe buried it home for the goal with 8:22 left in the first.
Later in the period, Bemidji goalie Matt Fitzgerald made a highlight reel save denying a Carter Randklev shot as he stretched across the crease to make the stop.
Fitzgerald denied Randklev on a breakaway early in the second, but moments later, the Spuds' leading scorer stick handled through traffic and lifted the puck on his backhand into the top right corner of the net for a 2-0 lead.
It took until halfway through the game for the first penalty to be called. Bemidji went on the power play after a high stick but was unable to convert despite a near-miss early on.
Then, for the second straight game, Noah Nei got the Jacks on the scoreboard with his hard-slung shot from the right faceoff circle that evaded Leonard to his stick side. Zak Justice and Leo Spry assisted on the goal that cut the deficit to 2-1.
However, Moorhead responded quickly.
Jack Stetz redirected a shot off the stick of Parker Larson from in front of the crease to regain a two-goal cushion, just 32 seconds after Nei's goal.
Moorhead had outshot Bemidji 20-11 after two periods but the home side began to bang away at the puck in the third. The Jacks had their chances but could not find another goal, falling 3-1.
The section playoffs loom less than a week away. Seedings will be announced Friday, Feb. 17.
"The year has been crazy and everybody's beating everybody," Ammerman said. "I've only been here four years but this is as competitive as it's been. Really it gets down to who gets hot for one week. We've played okay the last couple weeks but hopefully we can get on a roll next week and we can continue on till March."
Moorhead, which ends the regular season Saturday with a home game against No. 9-ranked Hill-Murray, is hoping to get the top seed for the Class 2A, Section 8 tournament.
"We'll see," Ammerman said. "Talking to different coaches, it's kind of a coin flip for a bunch of different teams. You know and ultimately, whoever is the No. 1 or the No. 5 or the No. 8 seed, you have to beat everybody to get there. So we'll hopefully get a home game and we'll win one and then we'll worry about Saturday after that first one."
Although measures have been taken to reduce academic code violations, the numbers remain high, with over 50 percent of violations occurring in the computer science department, said Thomas Doeppner, associate professor of computer science and co-chair of the standing committee on the Academic Code that recently released a report on academic code violations.
From the most recent data available, 49 undergraduate students were charged with academic code violations during the 2015-16 academic year, Doeppner said. While 13 students ultimately received no violation, two received reprimands, two received loss of credit in the exercise, 21 received a direct No Credit in the course, 10 received a No Credit with transcript notation and one was suspended, he added. There are eight total possible sanctions, all listed in the University's Academic Code.
Of the seven graduate students charged with violations, one received a direct No Credit, three received a direct No Credit with transcript notation and three were dismissed from the University, Doeppner said.
The standing committee on the Academic Code is requesting to increase the number of faculty committee members from five to nine due to the large number of cases being heard, Doeppner wrote in a follow-up email to The Herald.
The main effort to reduce academic code violations involves “an online tutorial which guides students through the academic code,” said Deputy Dean of the College Christopher Dennis. All students are required to take this tutorial prior to matriculating to Brown, he added.
In addition, faculty members are encouraged to include their standards for academic integrity in the class syllabi, Dennis said.
In the computer science department, explaining these standards sometimes includes online skits or quizzes, Doeppner said. Students must sign the collaboration policy, which they are immediately tested on and reminded of periodically throughout the semester, he added.
Although the majority of academic code violations occur in the computer science department, this may be partially attributed to the fact that “the tool for accessing collaboration is more robust,” said Dean of the College Maud Mandel.
The department utilizes Measure Of Software Similarity, or MOSS, a system that detects plagiarism in programming. After MOSS identifies a suspicious case, the professor investigates further, Doeppner said.
“In many cases, it's not that students directly copied each other but that they worked together on something,” which is against course policy, Doeppner said.
Another common form of violation is known as furnishing, which is when one student receives answers from another — often someone who previously took the class, Mandel said. In such a case, both students are punished.
There is also a slight overrepresentation of international students compared to domestic students in total academic code violations, as well as first-years compared to other years, Dennis said.
“Most of this has to do with students coming from places with very different schooling systems and rules,” Mandel said. For example, writing conventions may vary widely between cultures, and expectations in college differ from those in high school, she added.
In response to these trends, the University revised the international student orientation two years ago to include presentations on academic code and integrity expectations in the United States and at the University, Dennis said.
“Part of the education we provide as a university is helping students learn what the rules are and how to follow them,” Mandel said. In an effort to help students succeed, Mandel has been talking to the Undergraduate Council of Students about having an academic integrity panel or even an academic integrity week, she added.
Another idea that has been considered is whether or not the University would benefit from an honor code, Dennis said. In such a system, the panel that reviews academic code violations would be comprised not of faculty and administrators, as it currently is, but of students.
“(Academic integrity) really is a community standard,” Dennis said. “Students are responsible for their own work, and if a student cheats, it diminishes the work of every … student.” Though professors recognize the teachable moment in students making mistakes, they take the academic code and sanctions very seriously, he added.
“We're not looking to permanently damage students,” Mandel said. “We want to help all students be successful in the long run.”
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
Two days before the NFL world watched in horror as Tom Savage was allowed back into the game after appearing to suffer a concussion, Esquire published an interview with Richard Sherman, the veteran cornerback. In the interview, he was asked if the league had made strides with head injuries.
His response?
No, the league hasn't done much outside of appeasing public opinion. Now, you get a hard hit, fine players a bunch of money, suspend guys. But it's more punishing players than it is player safety, and putting more money into league charities, et cetera. It's not really changing the game or making it more safe. Obviously there are still players going back into the game after head injuries and after huge collisions. Guys go unreported. But to appease public opinion, and to make the fans continue to watch the game and the product, they went out and made all these rules. Now we have a guy on the sideline. That's not for safety, that's for public opinion.
While the NFL has spent tens of millions and changed rules to address the problems of head injuries, it was clear on Sunday that it's not enough — or at least not foolproof. According to USA TODAY Sports' Nancy Armour, NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said that the league's chief medical officer was reviewing Savage's injury.
Of course, Sherman's past comments help show what a complicated problem it is. In 2013, he admitted to hiding a concussion — and said it had paid off for him. And in a 2016 interview with GQ, Sherman said that the fear of concussions doesn't change the way that he plays.
“It doesn't change the way I play. I've always tried to tackle with the best form, and not try to always get people down on the ground without using my head. But it doesn't change the way I think about the game or how I feel about my kids playing the game. I feel like this game has given me a lot more than its taken. It obviously takes a toll on your body and you understand the risks going into it, but you also have to understand that it's taught me discipline, hard work, teamwork, being dependable, being available, how to be a leader, how to work past adversity. Just so many things that you use in your everyday life. And you can't take that for granted. So maybe my son doesn't end up being a professional athlete, maybe he never even plays a sport, but I wouldn't hold him back from something that's been so great to me.
He's also been critical of other ways the NFL has addressed player safety — in 2016, he penned a Players' Tribune article about the dangers of Thursday Night Football.
I just don't understand why the NFL says it's taking a stand on player safety, then increases the risks its players face by making them play on Thursday, before their bodies are ready. My Seahawks teammates and I are playing in one of the last Thursday night games of the season this week, so we're one of the last teams to be exploited in 2016. One of the last to be taken advantage of. One of the last to get the middle finger from the NFL. But as long as the NFL is using that same finger to count Thursday Night Football dollars, I don't think it really cares.
His 2017 season ended prematurely after he ruptured his Achilles playing in the very Thursday Night Football games he had warned about.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The winds aren't changing for Southern California's wildfires yet.
The fifth largest blaze in state history was threatening thousands of homes as it churned through coastal mountains amid persistently dangerous weather conditions.
Red Flag warnings for fire danger due to Santa Ana winds and a critical lack of moisture were extended into the week instead of expiring Monday afternoon as was initially forecast.
“It doesn't get much drier than these folks,” the National Weather Service Service tweeted, adding that more than 80 observation sites in the region reported afternoon relative humidity levels between just 1 and 9 percent.
On Monday, ash fell like snow and heavy smoke had residents gasping for air in foothill towns near Santa Barbara, the latest flare-up after a week of wind-fanned wildfires throughout the region.
With acrid smoke thick in the air, even residents not under evacuation orders were leaving, fearing another shutdown of a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week.
Officials handed out masks to those who stayed behind in Montecito, an exclusive community about 75 miles (120 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles that's home to stars such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Drew Barrymore.
Actor Rob Lowe wore a mask as he live-streamed his family evacuating Sunday from their smoke-shrouded home.
“Praying for the people in my area,” he said to his Instagram followers. “Hope everybody's getting out safe like we are, and thanks for the prayers and thoughts. And good luck to the firefighters, we need you!”
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that neighbors were helping each other and their animals get to safety.
“I'm sending lots of love and gratitude to the fire department and sheriffs. Thank you all,” she wrote.
The blaze — known as the Thomas fire — has destroyed 683 homes, officials said. It was partially contained after burning 362 square miles (937 square kilometers) of dry brush and timber.
Customers coming into Jeannine's American Bakery in Montecito brushed ash from their clothes and marveled at smoke so heavy that visibility was down to just a few feet.
“There's so much ash it's unbelievable,” manager Richard Sanchez said. “Everything is white. The streets are covered, cars are covered, our parking lot is covered.”
Dr. Helene Gardner, an expert in air quality at University of California, Santa Barbara, watched ash fall “like a fine snow” from her home after the school postponed final exams until January. She said her environmental sciences students got a kick from the fact that the delay was directly related to their field of study.
Gardner warned that the air alerts should be taken seriously because of airborne particulates — “nasty buggers” — that can lodge in lungs and cause respiratory problems.
She said the levels of particulates from a wildfire can approach those seen near coal-burning plants in pollution-heavy China and are especially problematic for people exerting themselves.
“When I look out my window and see someone bicycling I think, ‘No, no, no, get off your bike and walk!'” she said.
Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
The National Weather Service said that if the long-term forecast holds, there will have been 13 consecutive days of dry offshore flow before it ends Friday afternoon. There have only been 17 longer streaks since 1948, including the record of 24 days set between December 1953 and January 1954.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
Legislators plan to introduce legislation on Wednesday that would require the Department of Transportation to implement a residential parking permit system in designated parts of the city — including much of northern Manhattan.
One proposed bill would cover all areas between 60th Street and Inwood and would allow the DOT to reserve as many as 80 percent of the parking spaces in certain areas for local residents.
Manhattan City Council members Mark Levine, Helen Rosenthal and Keith Powers said the measure is needed because so many park-and-ride commuters from outside the borough take up spots in residential neighborhoods and then hop on the subway.
“For too long suburban commuters have taken advantage of free street parking in Northern Manhattan and crowded out the people who actually live in our neighborhoods,” said Levine, a co-chair of the Manhattan delegation.
“Whether you live in Washington Heights or the Upper East Side, parking in our borough is an incredible challenge for so many who live here,” he added. “We can't afford to continue as one of the only big cities in America that doesn't have a residential parking permit system–this policy is long overdue.”
The legislation would limit permits to those with a New York State driver's license, one permit per driver, and would be attached to a specific license plate.
Another bill, by Council Transportation Committee Chair Ydanis Rodriguez (D- Upper Manhattan), would seek a citywide residential permit parking system. It would require permit holders to pay yet-to-be-determined fees to park in their designated areas.
Rodriguez did not immediately return messages.
Both bills leave the determination of the parking hours and locations where parking would be reserved for permit-holders to the DOT, which in the past has expressed resistance to such programs.
A spokesperson for Council Speaker Corey Johnson said he's reviewing the bills.
Reps for DOT and Mayor de Blasio's office said they would review the legislation when introduced.
The bills face at least one major hurdle — by some officials' reckoning, Albany would have to give its permission to implement the program.
City DOT officials say they believe residential permit parking would require state approval.
Additional reporting by Danielle Furfaro
WASHINGTON — An aide to embattled Rep. Blake Farenthold is circulating a letter to current and former female staffers for them to sign in a show of support as the fallout from a sexual harassment settlement continues to dog the Texas Republican.
The letter is also critical of his accuser in the settlement.
The letter, which was forwarded to NBC News, asserts that Farenthold has “always treated us fairly and with dignity and respect,” and paints his accuser, former staffer Lauren Greene, as “one disgruntled ex-employee.”
“We, collectively, are shocked and disappointed in a system that is rushing to judgment based on false statements and one disgruntled employee,” states the letter, which was emailed by Lainey Lothian, a legislative correspondent for the congressman.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rep. Farenthold accusuer may talk to Ethics Committee by end of year 6:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Farenthold settled the case in federal court in 2015 after Greene accused him of sexual harassment, gender discrimination and creating a hostile work place. Greene was paid $84,000 in taxpayer funds through the Office of Compliance account for workplace disputes.
Related: Ethics probe of Farenthold picks up steam
Farenthold's chief of staff, Bob Haueter, who was named in the suit, continues to work for him. He tells NBC News that he wasn't aware of the letter but said "there's a great deal frustration about all that is being said by just about everyone in the office."
Lothian said she did not “initiate” the letter and that no one in the congressman's office asked her to send it but she did not respond to requests for more information on who wrote it or asked for it to be circulated.
It's unclear how many people have or will sign the letter. It has yet to be released publicly with signatories.
The letter is also critical of the process. It notes that the Office of Congressional Ethics, a staff-run board, "voted 6-0 unanimously to dismiss the matter."
But the Ethics Committee thought there was enough evidence to proceed. The committee continues its investigation into the accusation, an effort that intensified when the congressman's accuser agreed to be interviewed last week after Greene spoke to the press. The committee is re-upping its existing probe into misconduct allegations now that Greene has agreed to speak to the committee.
Les Alderman, Greene's attorney, declined to comment on the letter being circulated.
Letters of support were also released in support of Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota and Rep. John Conyers of Michigan, two Democratic lawmakers who resigned last week amid sexual harassment allegations. Those demonstrations of support, however, were organized by former staffers, not current ones like Lothian, and did not take aim at their accusers.
In Franken's case, 14 former aides signed onto the letter, which was joined by separate letters from his former colleagues at "Saturday Night Live" and more than 80 Minnesota elected officials and community leaders.
Two Republican woman in the House have called on Farenthold to resign. Mia Love of Utah was the first, and Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington, a member of leadership, did so on Friday.
Two other women, both former staffers, came forward last week detailing a difficult working environment in Farenthold's office.
Emily Peace, who was communications director after Greene, described a hostile work environment in an interview with The Houston Chronicle, claiming that the congressman did nothing to address it. “His comments were inappropriate, and his unwillingness to immediately take action to allow us to work in a safe environment is inappropriate,” Peace said.
Olivia de la Pena, a former intern, told the Chronicle that Farenthold had “anger issues” that she had to learn to navigate which, in one episode, left her in tears. Farenthold's office said that the congressman and the entire staff had undergone sensitivity and harassment training since those episodes.
Tending toward conformity and enforcing political correctness, the left wing is missing out on the contributions of many of its own thinkers.
Paul Krugman recently made a splash in a New York Times column by suggesting there are no “serious, honest, conservative intellectuals with real influence,” referring to the “unicorns of the intellectual right.” I largely agree with his criticisms, but I would like to offer a very different perspective. This column is my corresponding warning to the left, like when somebody tells you your shirt is not properly tucked in.
Here is what I see:
More and more of the interesting discussions are going off-line and occurring in private groups, in part to escape the glare of social media and political correctness. Right now, it is especially hard to tell who will prove to be the important thinkers of our time. I'm struck by Scott Alexander, a blogger at Slate Star Codex and a thinker who is influential among other writers. He keeps his real name a secret.
Often my best conversations are with doers and practitioners, rather than intellectuals and writers. The politics of the doers are typically difficult to discern or to boil down to simple classifications. Even when they are registered Democrats, they often seem alienated from that party in intellectual terms.
I find that left-wing intellectuals complain more about the right wing than right-wing intellectuals complain about the left. This negative focus isn't healthy for the viability of left-wing intellectual creativity.
Probably the two best “market failure” books this year were written by colleagues of mine, coming out of libertarian traditions: Bryan Caplan and Robin Hanson (with Kevin Simler, whose background I'm not as familiar with). In Hanson's case, the book was intermingled with influences from science fiction. The left continues to produce plenty of content on market failure, but rarely am I surprised by the material.
I see social media as leading to more left-wing than right-wing intellectual conformity. If only because many more intellectuals are on the left, it is a more significant phenomenon where leaders on the left announce talking points, or the villain of the day, and their followers pick up the charge.
I consider foreign policy to be the most important topic for the U.S., in terms of final impact on the world. It is easy for the right to have a dynamic and substantive debate in this arena, given the right includes both conservatives and libertarians in large numbers. I find that left-wing discussions of foreign policy are more likely to consist of criticizing Republicans, rather than outlining a conceptual approach or facing up to their own internal failures and contradictions. The same is largely true for the topic of immigration.
Many of the next generation of important thinkers will come from countries or backgrounds “off the grid” with respect to the usual American political spectrum. Try Bruno Maçães from Portugal, or Saku, a young woman living in London but of mixed Filipino and Sri Lankan background.
Religion has been a major force in world history, and today is no exception. The popular intellectual who probably has made the biggest splash this year, Jordan Peterson, describes himself as a Christian. Right-wing intellectuals, overall, aren't nearly as religious as is the broader right-wing electorate. Still, I find they are much better suited to understand the role of religion in life than are left-wing intellectuals. For intellectuals on the left, the primary emotional reaction to religion is to see it as a force standing in the way of social liberalism, feel awkward about how many Americans are still religious, and then prefer to change the topic.
I see the main victims of the political correctness movement as standing in the center or center-left. In fact, some intellectual superstars, such as Peterson or Steven Pinker, have thrived and received enormous attention by attacking political correctness. But if you don't have a big public audience, you work in a university, and you wish to make a point about race or gender that isn't entirely along “proper” lines, you will probably keep your mouth shut or suffer the consequences. Those intellectual victims are not mainly on the right, and it means the left has ended up somewhat blind on these issues. This underlying dysfunction is a big reason the left was so surprised by the election of President Donald Trump.
Every intellectual on the right is extremely familiar with the doctrines of the left and center-left, but the converse is somewhat less true. It is virtually impossible to imagine a conservative or libertarian analog of Krugman's earlier claim that there are no conservative sites he reads regularly.
In short, the new world of ideas is a free-for-all, and it is hard to wrap your arms around it. But the overall picture is by no means as favorable to left-wing intellectuals as left-wing intellectuals might wish to tell you.
Image caption Whooper swans at Aughrim Hill, part of the A6 route past Toome
A "guided swan walk" is taking place near an internationally protected wetland which has been the subject of a high-profile court challenge to the route of the new A6 dual carriageway.
The wetland at Lough Beg, County Antrim, is a important habitat for birds, including Whooper swans.
Last year, environmental campaigner Chris Murphy lost his legal challenge to the A6 road project.
He argued the route would cut through key feeding grounds for the swans.
Mr Murphy lost his initial case against Stormont's Department for Infrastructure and later lodged an appeal.
However, the court that heard his appeal in September ruled that the proposed road would have "no direct impact" on the birds.
Image caption The A6 upgrade will cover a 9 mile stretch from the Toome bypass to Castledawson
At the time, Mr Murphy said he intended to take his case to the Supreme Court in London.
He is to find out if the judges will agree to hear his case later this month.
'Enormous importance'
On Saturday, Mr Murphy will be among the speakers attending an event to celebrate the wildlife at the wetland, including Whooper swans.
Environmentalists and nature lovers are gathering at Lough Beg to learn more about the migratory swans, which overwinter in nearby fields.
As well the guided nature walk and speeches on the environmental importance of wetlands, the family-friendly event also includes face-painting, origami and other arts and craft activities.
Speaking to BBC News NI ahead of the event, Mr Murphy said the Lough Beg wetland was of "enormous importance" to him personally and to the island of Ireland as a whole.
"I have given up 18 months of my life for this - my family and everything has been on hold," he said.
Image copyright NASA Image caption Chris Murphy, seen here at an earlier court appearance, lost his legal challenge
He claimed the wetland would have "no value" if the road proceeds along the proposed route.
He said he would continue to speak up for the "children of the future" and the swans, as they "have no voice".
'Key infrastructure project'
Mr Murphy's legal challenge centred on his claim that the road project would cut through key feeding grounds for the Whooper swans, which are a protected species.
He claimed the Department of Infrastructure had not carried out an appropriate assessment of the road's impact, but department said its environmental information was up to date.
The swans have arrived for the winter and the department has agreed not to start any work until they leave.
Image caption Whooper swans from Iceland pictured at Lough Beg
Mr Murphy has always said that he is not against the £160m road, just the route. He claims an alternative is available.
The department said the road is a key infrastructure project which is badly needed to improve road safety and journey times between Belfast and Londonderry.
On its website, it states: "DfI Roads has carried out extensive research and consultation to ensure that the new dual carriageway between Toome and Castledawson does not upset the ecologically important wetlands around Lough Beg.
It adds: "The Whooper swan feeding habitat, affected by the road, is entirely outside the nationally and internationally protected wetlands and measured against the vast Lough Neagh and Lough Beg wetland, the area lost is very tiny."
A witness told TMZ that he "was either extremely drunk or high on drugs" and was running down the street before jaywalking in front of police in Austin, Texas.
IAN BAILEY HAS said that he expects a French court would find him guilty of the murder of Sophie Toscan du Plantier, a day after it was ruled he should face trial over her death.
Yesterday, it was announced that Bailey was to face trial in France over the killing of Sophie Toscan du Plantier.
The 60-year-old British man, who has lived in Ireland for many years, has twice been arrested on suspicion of killing the French woman, but has never been charged in Ireland.
The 39-year-old was found beaten to death outside her holiday home in Schull in Cork on 23 December 1996.
A French magistrate opened a separate inquiry in 2008 and later issued a European arrest warrant, but Irish courts have twice refused to extradite Bailey on procedural grounds.
However, the main appeals court in Paris has ruled there are “sufficient elements” to put him on trial, his lawyer Dominique Tricaud said yesterday.
Given Ireland's refusal to extradite him until now, it could well take place in his absence.
Expects an arrest
Speaking today to Patricia Messinger on C103's Cork Today Show, Bailey said that he and his legal team expected yesterday's ruling.
“We had very little chance of winning,” he said. “That's not the end necessarily. I have a right to appeal that ruling.”
He said that he could appeal it further to the European Court of Human Rights, but that would be very costly. His legal team in France have applied for legal aid, but Bailey said it is unlikely to be granted.
Exactly how the future will play out, I'm not sure at the moment.
Bailey also said he has become aware of a letter in existence at the Department of Justice from 2013, which afforded him the opportunity to give his side of the story to the French authorities. But Bailey said the department never informed him of this.
“If I had received the letter as I should have done, I could have met them here in Cork… I was denied that possibility,” he said.
He said that French authorities and Irish ones had taken vastly different views of the evidence in the case.
“Everything that has been pored over here and rejected has been accepted in the French case,” Bailey added.
He said he expected a European arrest warrant to be issued and he would be arrested a third time for her murder.
Bailey also thinks that a trial in his absence would find him guilty, if he was unable to successfully appeal yesterday's decision.
This phase has been very trying I must say. We carry on as best we can.
Comments are closed for legal reasons
KOKOMO, Ind. (AP) — Work installing a new $2 million pedestrian bridge for a northern Indiana recreation trail will temporarily close part of a state highway in Kokomo.
The bridge over Indiana 931 on the city's north side will connect the Nickel Plate Trail to downtown Kokomo. The Kokomo Tribune reports crews were set to divert traffic from the highway on Tuesday so two cranes can set the nearly 200-foot-long bridge in place.
City Engineer Carey Stranahan says the span will have an advanced lighting system spotlighting signs welcoming people to the city.
He says crews will still need to pour the concrete deck and finish other work before opening the bridge to the public, which should happen by Memorial Day.
The trail runs more than 40 miles from Kokomo through Peru to Rochester.
A new restaurant and whisky bar overlooking Dundee's historic Howff cemetery is being planned.
The proposal, put forward by Brunton Design of Carnoustie on behalf of West One Residential Ltd, includes a glass box seating area attached to the side of the listed building looking directly into the graveyard.
The Bank Street restaurant would have the capacity for around 70 people, private dining and a whisky bar.
An upper seating area will be created on the north side of the building projecting out over the Howff.
The Howff, which first opened in 1564, is classed as an A listed building by Historic Environment Scotland.
It consists of 1,750 stones, and is generally considered to be one of the most important collections of tombstones in Scotland. The last burial took place in 1857.
In November, Dundee City Council agreed to award funding of just over £8,000 to help conserve the Howff.
These First Nations are still picking up the pieces after a government decision flooded their homes.
Before the spring of 2011, Clifford Anderson's home in Pinaymootang First Nation, Manitoba, was surrounded by greenery. The yard had towering elm trees reaching as high as 40 feet that he and his wife Terry had planted when their sons, Stephan, 34, and Evan, 27, were kids. Theirs was the sort of garden that would make any property feel like home and the Andersons worked hard to maintain it. Seven years later the house that the Andersons had called home since the 1980s stands abandoned and uninhabitable. The Andersons' lives were uprooted that spring when one of the worst floods in the province's history forced the family to evacuate.
Anderson, 59, was born and raised in Pinaymootang, about 200 kilometres north of Winnipeg, a reserve located on the banks of the Fairford River, between Lake Manitoba and Lake St. Martin.
“In 1982 we got a house, one of the better ones, built off the reserve and delivered to our site,” Anderson said in a phone interview. “We had a full basement — not too many houses have that kind of basement — and in the basement we built a rec room with a big-screen television. That is where our boys had their stuff, games and everything.” In the spring of 2011, Pinaymootang and nearby reserves Little Saskatchewan, Lake St. Martin, and Dauphin River First Nations were flooded, displacing more than 7,000 people, mostly from the First Nations communities.
Advertisement
As part of a class-action settlement, the Manitoba and federal governments agreed to pay $90 million to the four First Nations communities affected by the flood. The Manitoba Court of Queen's Bench approved the settlement on Jan. 12, 2018, which will be distributed among claimants who come forward. The settlement is compensation for disruption costs accrued by the plaintiffs due to the flood. But the situation for Anderson, and others affected by the flood, is far from settled. One of the terms of the settlement is that the federal and Manitoba governments do not admit wrongdoing. But Anderson maintains that the government's flood mitigation actions, mainly its control of dams and water diversion decisions, saved some communities while sacrificing others. “We never heard about [the water controls] or were consulted,” Anderson said. “Nobody told us how much water was going to come through.”
Heavy rains started falling in April 2011, dousing the east end of Pinaymootang, causing water levels of the Fairford River to rise. On a normal day the part of the river that runs through the reserve is about 180 metres wide. At the flood's peak it was more than 1.6 kilometres wide and would eventually flood 25 homes, just in Pinaymootang, including Anderson's.
The water levels rose slowly but steadily. There was no evacuation order, so the Anderson family relied on common sense and left when it became clear it was absolutely necessary. “We had to leave when there was water in the basement,” Anderson said. “The sump pump was running to get the water out but eventually we started getting sick, getting nosebleeds and headaches, and moved into the trailer we had.”
Advertisement
When the Andersons left their home that June it didn't occur to them they were leaving for good so they packed only the essentials — some clothes, about one suitcase each, but not much else. They didn't even take winter clothes (winter temperatures in Pinaymootang easily dip below -20 degrees Celsius), because they thought they would return by the end of the summer. “We didn't take anything. Our winter clothes are still hanging in the closet,” Anderson said. “The furniture is still there, the television is in the living room — we just left everything there. We didn't think we would be away for seven years; we thought we were leaving for a short while, but it turns out it has been a bit longer than that.” A proud father, Anderson recalls his boys' life accomplishments and laments how the water destroyed some prized family mementos, particularly Stephen's and Evan's high school graduation jackets they were given to celebrate the milestone. “I always try to teach them to be good kids — a rarity on the reserve,” Anderson said. “They never got into trouble, never been to court, they don't drink, smoke, or gamble, and did well in school. In the flood we also lost their graduation jackets, which are still hanging in the closet but we can't get to it.”
By the winter of 2011 the magnitude of the floods and its repercussions became crystal clear — returning home was never going to be an option. That is when Anderson and his youngest brother decided to take action to see if they could get compensation for the disruption and what they had lost. Instead of relying on the reserve's chiefs and councils for compensation, Anderson and his brother sought the advice of Winnipeg-based law firm Troniak Law. When the Troniak lawyers took on the case, it brought on Ontario-based class-action experts McKenzie Lake Lawyers. Residents of the neighbouring reserves caught wind of the Anderson brothers' legal action and wanted to get involved. Eventually representatives from Little Saskatchewan, Lake St. Martin, and Dauphin River First Nations were included in the class-action lawsuit. (Troniak Law emphasized that this class-action case was initiated and directed by individual plaintiffs and is entirely separate from negotiations between the governments and the chiefs and councils of the four reserves.) The first meeting to discuss the lawsuit was called on Jan. 26, 2012, and the class-action suit was filed on April 3, 2012. “We didn't want to have the meeting on the reserve, because right from day one my brother and I didn't want this to be a political issue. We wanted to file this as individuals,” Anderson said. He added that, historically, people living on reserves often rely on their chiefs and councils for support. But Anderson wanted to get back what he had lost through self-determination. “There has been … that mentality that they have to get approval from somebody to do something but [my brother and I] talked about it and said nobody is going to do anything for us,” Anderson said. “We lost a lot personally. We lost our belongings and our chosen place on the reserve. My family had to practically start from scratch.” If the brothers had decided to go through the reserve band, the only compensation they could have received would have been for property losses — and nothing else. And it wasn't just keeping their independence that was important but also settling the class-action lawsuit in an expedient manner. Anderson knows of lawsuits between bands and governments that have dragged on for decades. The $90 million settlement was reached within six years, in October 2017. But the amount isn't close to the $950 million for which the plaintiffs originally asked. However, the lawyers' original contingency fee of 25% was lowered to 15%.
Advertisement
Eric Troniak, a consultant at Troniak Law Firm, said the government was caught off guard with the amount of water that spring and that showed in the lack of preparation, including inaccurate weather forecasting. Troniak emphasized that the government's water control decisions — to divert the water from Winnipeg and Portage La Prairie — were tough but it had the legal right to do so. “The [Manitoba] government controls the dam and how to release the water,” Troniak said. “There was a conscious decision to divert the water [which led to] flooding the four First Nations communities.” He said the four reserves' chiefs and councils and residents, have confirmed that very little notice of the water diversion decision was given to residents, leaving little time for evacuation or mitigation measures. “Nobody is disputing that [the government] didn't have the right,” Troniak said. “We are not saying that they should have flooded Winnipeg and flooded other people out. But if you flood somebody, you adversely affect them, and dislocate them and destroy their life … you come to the table and negotiate and say, ‘We know you paid the price and we are going to compensate you for that.'” Which is ultimately what the government did. A Manitoba 2011 Flood Review Task Force report, published in 2013, found that the province provided adequate flood mitigation measures and worked effectively with rural municipalities, including First Nations. Troniak said the report's findings do not match the sentiments of the flood victims he spoke with. “That is not what the First Nations feel and [of course] the government is going to come out and say they have that interpretation,” Troniak said. “They may feel that a phone call and giving 24 hours' notice to put up a few sandbags is working effectively, but to me it's not and not to most reasonable people — that was just their opinion.” Manitoba's water woes are far from over. If anything, water is increasingly a problem for all Manitobans including the province's First Nations. “There has been a lot of flooding after that,” Troniak said. “There are going to be many more of these [cases] in and outside of Manitoba — this is just the start of potentially more.” What if the province had allowed water to flow naturally that spring in 2011? What if flood victims were in Winnipeg and not First Nations communities? Legal action is not a potentiality for First Nations but all Manitobans in major flood events. “Just because people happen to be First Nations and live on reserves, should we wash our hands and [pretend] it doesn't matter?” Troniak said. “This is about fairness and there are a lot of flood issues here that are coming to the fore.”
Floods and other natural catastrophes don't stop the passing of time. Houses flood, families lose everything, but life goes on. And Anderson experienced that first-hand. Once the Anderson family evacuated they still had jobs to go to and bills to pay. So the family settled temporarily in an RV at a campground just outside the reserve. The RV was an old one. It didn't have air conditioning, had no stove, nor a fridge. Realizing that the family couldn't stay in those living conditions long-term, especially during winter, the Andersons had to take out a loan to buy another RV, one that could house them more comfortably. And that's how expenses due to the evacuation started adding up — the new RV alone cost $14,000. And as the years pass, the victims of the 2011 Manitoba flood age and their health deteriorates. One of Clifford's biggest regrets is that his mother Ruth will never see her home again. He is not just sorry his mother had to evacuate but that her last memory of her home was that of flooded property, not the home that had been in the family for generations. One day, after Ruth had evacuated, she returned to the area, which is when Clifford spotted her outside the house, crying. “I asked her why she was there and she said she wanted to see what it looked like but didn't realize it was that bad — the house was sitting in a lake,” Clifford said. “Ever since she had to move out of the house it was stressful for her.” Ruth always talked about going back once the water receded but she died in March 2013 from a heart attack. Some victims, including Clifford's mother and two of his sisters, have since died. These were factors in Clifford and his co-plaintiffs' decision to agree to the settlement. “In the years since 2011 there have been a lot of people who have passed on because of health issues, and suicide and depression is really bad for some people,” Clifford said. “It's not perfect — nothing ever is — and I don't know what the ideal [settlement] amount would have been.” “Even though it took this time, I think it happened fairly fast. I knew we were never going to get the original amount but I can't say I'm satisfied with what we got. When you divide this among the four reserves, it's not very much.” Clifford and his wife have a new house back on the reserve and live close to their relatives. They have once again started to tend to their garden with the hopes of growing it to the stature of their previous one. But despite all of their losses, everything they had to go through due to the floods, they are the lucky ones. Because there are others who will never have the chance for a new beginning, whose last memories of their family homes are of abandoned property engulfed by water. ●
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Naomi Grosman is a Toronto-based journalist, writer and coffee fiend. She can be reached via naomigrosman.com. Contact Naomi Grosman at lauren.strapagiel+naomigrosman@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
President Trump is expected to name a replacement for former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn before the end of the week, and his list of three candidates includes a controversial choice — former CIA Director David Petraeus, according to reports.
The four-star general was forced to step down in 2012 after it came to light he'd shared classified information with his mistress and biographer, Paula Broadwell.
Petraeus pleaded guilty in April 2015 to mishandling classified information and was sentenced to two years' probation.
He also agreed to pay a $100,000 fine.
Because he's still on probation, Petraeus would have to notify his parole officer if he were to get the national-security gig and move to DC.
But Trump has previously been willing to overlook Petraeus' fall from grace, tweeting in November that he was “very impressed” with him after a meeting at Trump Tower.
The president's other possible picks for the national-security position include Retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top policy adviser for Trump during his campaign who is the acting national security adviser, and Vice Adm. Bob Harward, who some say is the top contender.
Harward is a former deputy commander of US Central Command and served on the National Security Council during the George W. Bush administration.
Cyclist, 69, struck dead while returning from market
Another road fatality has been added to the statistics for the year 2018. A speeding car reportedly slammed into a pedal cyclist and father of ten along the Williamsburg Public Road, Corentyne, Berbice.
The dead man has since been identified as 69-year-old Winston Williams of Lot 5 A Campbell Street, Williamsburg Village. He was at the time returning home from the Saturday market at Port Mourant, on his bicycle along the public road when he was struck.
The driver of the car bearing licence plate HC 3825 is a resident of South Ruimveldt Gardens, Georgetown and has since been arrested and placed in police custody. He was reportedly speeding at the time of the accident.
Eyewitness, Subhnauth Dickram, aka ‘Terry', stated that he was on his culvert a few metres away from where the accident took place.
“I was brushing my teeth on the culvert and ah hear (squealing brakes) and when I watch I saw something pitch up in the air and drop. When I watch is a red car that hit the person and he just goes on the other side of the public road and he drives into the bus shed,” Dickram recounted.
He explained that after the impact, he rushed over to check on the injured man who was lying on the public road. He then recognised him to be his fellow villager whom he calls ‘Willo'.
“I saw ‘Willo' lifeless body on the road”, he said. The eyewitness stated that upon a closer inspection of the pensioner's body, he noticed what appeared to be a broken foot and arms. The driver of the hire car exited the vehicle along with his other passengers and did not attempt to render assistance.
“He and the passengers just come out the car. He did not come to offer help or nothing”, Dickram said.
According to Dickram, Williams was riding his bicycle heading in the same direction as the car.
The pensioner was described as a respectable man around the village who did part-time plumbing.
America's unique burger styles, and where to try them The lamb burger at Park in in Cambridge, Massachusetts, has a Greek spin, topped with lamb bacon and Kalamata olive relish, while underneath the patty is feta cheese. 01 / 45 The lamb burger at Park in in Cambridge, Massachusetts, has a Greek spin, topped with lamb bacon and Kalamata olive relish, while underneath the patty is feta cheese. 01 / 45
The scene: One thing Great American Bites has learned traveling the backroads of the nation is that there are far more ways to cook burgers than you might think. If you want to try some of America's variety of regional preparations, these are the places to visit:
Gas
Burgers are a uniquely American invention, and the place that has the best claim to having actually birthed our favorite food is Louis' Lunch in New Haven, Connecticut, which gets the support of the Library of Congress for its historical significance. Little has changed here in over a century, and they still cook on the original custom-made upright cast iron gas grills, sort of vertical waffle irons for burgers. The result is a little bit of a crunchier exterior char than many of us get at home, with a still perfectly medium center, and the burgers or cheeseburgers (using spreadable cheese, not slices) are still served on toasted white bread — also cooked with gas — since the burgers themselves predate buns.
Fire-grilled
Because live fire inside the kitchen is tricky, this is much less common in restaurants than backyards, and two places we've visited over the years really stand out. The Weber Grill mini-chain uses the company's iconic kettle grills in the kitchen to provide a finer dining take on the home cookout and does a great job. It has five Midwest locations including Chicago, St. Louis and Indianapolis. They cook over charcoal, and offer several options including a rarity usually found only at the highest end steakhouses, the Prime Burger, with USDA Prime Ground Chuck, bourbon grilled onions, and cheddar.
In Las Vegas we loved the burgers (and amazing pudding shakes!) at multiple Michelin Star holder and celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay's BurGR. Located in the Planet Hollywood casino hotel, it features a live-fire grill burning a mix of apple and alderwood. Patties are made from a mixture of ground brisket, chuck and short rib, and Ramsay forgoes spices or sauces and instead brushes the burgers with imported English Devonshire butter. Standout brioche buns are baked fresh daily and dotted with white and black sesame seeds, and the burgers are perfectly cooked to order, with fantastic specialty options. One favorite is the stacked Farm Burger, with English sharp cheddar, a fried egg and duck breast bacon, while the Brittania burger makes novel — and delicious — use of mango chutney, along with sharp cheddar and arugula.
Steamed
Food historians are quick to point out that despite their mass market bastardization, authentic “sliders” are not just miniature burgers, they are steamed so the bun, cheese and patty become integrated. Serious Eats editor J. Kenji Lopez-Alt notes that, “Invented in Wichita, Kansas, in 1916 by Walter Anderson (who five years later founded White Castle), sliders were at one time the predominant form of burger on the planet. Weighing in at under two ounces, the diminutive sandwiches are made by slowly steam-griddling thin, all-beef patties on a bed of onions.” Anderson's invention is served at a handful of mom-and-pop spots, mostly in New Jersey and the Northeast, but is best associated with his still-thriving national chain, White Castle — the world's oldest fast food burger brand. The preformed square patties have five holes in them to let steam pass through, and they are cooked on a bed of chopped onions and their liquid so they steam without ever touching the griddle, with the rolls placed over the meat before being fully constructed. As a result, the buns are steamy and moist and stuck to the meat (and optional cheese). You either love or hate the steamed burger, and if you love it — I do — White Castle is awesome.
For non-chain spot, Ted's, in Meriden, Connecticut, is a one-off steamed burger specialist that uses a custom-made machine, a metal cabinet with little drawers, not unlike a workshop parts cabinet. A square slab of ground beef or cheddar cheese is inserted in each drawer, which are then shut, and steam cooks everything. If you get a cheeseburger, the oozy cheese is scooped onto the finished burger. It's a unique style of cooking that drains off the fat, and it produced the juiciest well-done burger I have ever had.
Griddled
This is the most common restaurant preparation for burgers, at both fast food and sit-down eateries, and for the former, our national favorites are Five Guys and Whataburger, both of which roll out a far more satisfying and more homemade tasting burger than the big three. Five Guys specializes in doubles with two thin cooked-to-order patties, with juicy results, and showcases a vast array of free optional toppings. Whataburger is a Southern chain that debuted in 1950 as the fourth fast food burger chain in the nation (before McDonald's and Burger King). Two of its three predecessors were tiny burger specialists, White Castle and Krystal, so Whataburger carved out the big burger niche in fast food and has kept it ever since, serving tasty two-hands-required sandwiches. The patties are made freshly and taste better, the chain has its own line of quality condiments and also offers another fantastic take burger rarely seen in fast food, the patty melt.
A smaller chain that does a fantastic job with griddled burgers is Hopdoddy Burger Bar, which started in Austin, Texas, and is now found across the Southwest. Hopdoddy's uses only naturally raised drug-free beef from partner ranchers in Texas and Colorado, and all proteins are ground fresh daily at each location. In addition to great beef they offer a wide variety of patty options including lamb, turkey, bison and even tuna steaks. Often overlooked buns are stars here, brioche versions baked daily, with options for multi-grain and gluten free.
Griddle-smashed
This style is the current rage, with a ball of meat crushed by spatula over a bed of chopped onions on a flat top. It is the longtime signature of national chain Smashburger, and as the frequent winner of various best fast food burger competitions, that's a great place to try it. It's a cut above most competitors in both taste and atmosphere, with all food cooked to order. The chain uses only 100% Certified Angus Beef (CAB), a specialty brand which requires 10 extra tests beyond normal USDA grading. They do only fresh, never frozen, and each burger starts as a ball of ground beef on a well-buttered griddle and is then pressed with a metal plate until it begins to form a seared crust.
For a one-off take on the style, we loved Off-Site Kitchen in Dallas, a kitschy throwback concept full of pop culture décor run by a highly trained fine dining chef who pulls out all the stops to perfect the seemingly simple burger. Extensive taste testing led him to use only one ranch in Nebraska for the meat, and it is ground daily in-house, using a very particular technique. Shoulder meat only is put in a freezer until almost frozen, then ground on machines that are also kept in the freezer because friction generates heat, and the owner believes this breaks down the fat and meat in a way that causes burgers to taste stringy. The cold-ground burgers are perfect, the topping selection is great, and the buns, stylistically in-between traditional and brioche style, complete a simply fantastic burger experience.
Patty melt
I am a huge fan of this unique style where a burger patty is served on sliced bread, usually rye, done grilled cheese-style. In fact, the more burgers I try the more convinced I become that if there is a single best burger style, this is it. While you can get them at many diners, or previously mentioned fast food chain Whataburger, the best I've had is at Park, a modern gastropub in Cambridge, Massachusetts (which also won a reader voting competition held by popular BostonBurgerBlog as the city's finest). Co-owner Patrick Lee told me the sandwiches never “were things we thought would ever become the iconic dishes of the restaurant. But our chef's thing is to put a twist on everything, and there are so many burgers around here he did the patty melt.” It is an elevated take on the genre, cut diagonally into two eye-catching triangles. Park uses square organic rye loaves from Boston's beloved Iggy's artisanal bakery and had custom metal dies fabricated to shape square patties that fit the bread perfectly. They use a custom meat blend from New York's famed butcher Pat LaFrieda, add American cheese, Cholula onions and optional bacon. It is stunning.
Jucy Lucy
It would be wrong to conclude this take on American regional burger styles without Minnesota's unique contribution to the canon, the Jucy Lucy. Now a citywide signature, it is two patties formed around American cheese and sealed along the perimeter, so the melted cheese becomes an oozy volcanic core to a single thick patty. It was invented at Matt's Bar, and this humble, but charming, neighborhood tavern remains the place to make a burger pilgrimage in the Twin Cities. I've seen such burgers attempted by home chefs, but never with this success — it appears to be a normal, single contiguous patty until bitten into, whereupon the cross-section clearly reveals the top and bottom halves, and the cheese is well distributed in every bite but never breaks through prematurely. It is one tasty burger, but be careful — the wait staff will warn you — if you bite into it too quickly or aggressively you will burn your mouth. My friends and I liked it so much we immediately ordered another round.
Where to try plant-based burgers and menus Made from coconut oil, potato and wheat proteins, soy, and little else, the Impossible Burger is an entirely plant-based item designed to emulate the flavor and texture of beef. 01 / 20 Made from coconut oil, potato and wheat proteins, soy, and little else, the Impossible Burger is an entirely plant-based item designed to emulate the flavor and texture of beef. 01 / 20
Larry Olmsted has been writing about food and travel for more than 15 years. An avid eater and cook, he has attended cooking classes in Italy, judged a barbecue contest and once dined with Julia Child. Follow him on Twitter, @TravelFoodGuy, and if there's a unique American eatery you think he should visit, send him an email at travel@usatoday.com. Some of the venues reviewed by this column provided complimentary services.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
PORT ST. LUCIE — Robert Gsellman is ready to show off a new weapon in his arsenal this spring: a bat.
The Mets pitcher underwent surgery last October to repair a torn labrum in his left shoulder and can now swing a bat after spending the first two months of his major league career resigned to bunting and taking pitches.
“It stinks standing in the box and looking at pitches — and bunting gets boring sometimes,” Gsellman said Tuesday at Tradition Field. “But now I'm ready.”
Gsellman will battle Zack Wheeler and Seth Lugo for the fifth spot in the Mets rotation, but could also emerge as a bullpen option.
Last year, he went 4-2 with a 2.42 ERA in eight appearances with the Mets after the rotation was decimated by injuries. With Gsellman and Lugo helping to carry the rotation for the stretch run, the Mets rallied for a NL wild-card berth.
“The first thing I want to do is be on the big-league roster,” Gsellman said. “But I do want to start — starting is a lot of fun. Whatever they say.”
Wheeler has missed the last two seasons recovering from Tommy John surgery and could begin the season in the bullpen as the Mets look to preserve the right-hander's innings.
Gsellman, a 13th-round pick in the 2011 draft, came to camp last year as a relative unknown, but will be on everybody's radar this spring.
And that includes opponents who soon realized he wasn't going to swing the bat last year.
“After about two [starts] they started to catch on,” Gsellman said. “It took away a couple of [bunt] hits, because they knew.”
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl Pause
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:57 Police officer donates bike to help Warner Robins man with his daily commute
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
TAMPA BAY, Fla. — A dog named ‘Scarface' sent two people to the hospital after its owner tried to put a sweater on him, the Tampa Bay Times reports.
The incident occurred around 2:30 p.m. on Friday when 52-year-old Brenda Guerrero tried to put a sweater on the dog and it attacked her. Her husband, 46-year-old Ismael Guerrero, tried to pull the dog off of his wife and it turned and began attacking him.
Warning: Graphic video
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
That's when their 22-year-old son got a knife and began stabbing the pit bull in the head and neck, the newspaper reports.
All three were able to escape the house and leave the dog in the backyard.
"Officers responding said the dog was pretty aggressive," said Eddy Durkin with the Tampa Bay police, according to WTFS. "When they Tased the dog, the dog was still pulling away and was able to release the prongs from the Taser."
Officials said there were two children in the house when they entered, but they were uninjured.
Brenda and Ismael were taken to the hospital. Brenda's injuries are serious but not life-threatening.
ERIN, Wis. — Erin Hills isn't just a big golf course at north of 7,700 yards for this year's U.S. Open, it's a big property period, spread over 650-plus acres of rolling Wisconsin heartland.
The grandstands, the crowds, the walk from green to tee, the slopes, the rough, the prize money, even the fairways. Big, big, big, big, big, big, big.
Major championships can feel overwhelming to the uninitiated. John Oda, a 5-foot-7 150-pound college junior at UNLV, hardly looked bothered as he chipped and putted on the eve of the 117th U.S. Open, his first.
“The fairways are pretty reasonable, but if the wind picks up they'll be harder to hit,” he said matter-of-factly. “The greens seem receptive. It's a good test.”
A big part of the reason the 20-year-old amateur from Honolulu doesn't look or feel out of place is that he has been leaning on tour veterans Kevin Na and Ryan Moore, both of whom live in Las Vegas not far from the UNLV campus.
Earlier this year, Oda was practicing at Shadow Creek in Las Vegas when Moore spotted him and came over to say hello. The two have played a few times since with Moore, who is missing this year's Open because of a shoulder injury, passing along some sage advice as the two traded texts throughout the week.
Among the tips were to keep an eye on the green speeds as the tournament progresses—they'll get faster and firmer, typically—and telling him to embrace the enormity of the crowds and scale of a U.S. Open.
RELATED: Why players get upset with the USGA
Oda, who has also played several times with Na, has been more than happy to listen. “He's by far one of the smarter guys out here,” he said of Moore. “As far as preparation goes he's on point.”
As for Moore, he likes what he sees in Oda, who has won twice for the Rebels and is currently 32nd in the World Amateur Golf Ranking. He can also relate to his style of play.
“There's nothing flashy,” Moore said. “He does everything really well. He's a golfer's golfer, not a bomber, and makes everything else in between work. He's my type of golfer.”
Moore was also glad to help. He remembers his first U.S. Open, at Bethpage Black in 2002, and how big it all felt.
“I can't say I was really ready for it,” he said. “You're nervous. I hadn't even met a tour pro back then. These kids are exposed to it a lot more these days. They're around it more and more comfortable with it.”
So much so that Oda will likely forego his senior year and turn pro later this year, particularly if he makes the Walker Cup team.
For now, though, he'll keep checking his text messages.
Special subscription offer from Golf Digest
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
President Donald Trump is seeking a “detente” with Russia and wants to work with his counterpart Vladimir Putin to achieve this, according to the U.S. ambassador in Moscow.
“My president has said repeatedly that he wants a better relationship with Russia. Repeatedly. And he has said quite clearly that he would like to engage personally with President Putin,” Jon Huntsman said Tuesday at a roundtable in Vladivostok, according to a transcript posted on the U.S. Embassy website. “You can call it a desire for detente or a desire for a healthier relationship.”
Trump last month invited Putin to hold talks in Washington when he called to congratulate the Russian president on winning a record fourth term. So far, there have been no preparations for the summit.
Since then, the U.S. has imposed the toughest sanctions yet on Russia, sending its financial markets into a tailspin and prompting threats of retaliation from lawmakers. Tensions also surged as Trump ordered air strikes earlier this month on Russia's Syrian ally for an alleged chemical weapons attack. Even so, Putin's instructed officials to dial down talk of confrontation as he seeks to give Trump another chance to make good on pledges to improve relations.
Despite an unexpected move by the U.S. Treasury Monday to ease sanctions imposed on aluminum giant United Co. Rusal, the Kremlin expressed caution Tuesday about the prospects for better ties. “For the moment, the reality and the actual steps coming from Washington point to the opposite,” Putin's spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, told reporters on a conference call.
— With assistance by Ilya Arkhipov
“I still just wake up and I just feel injured, you know? I'm not like, ‘oh I got bit by a shark,' just like ‘my foot's hurt.' That's all I t…
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 24 April 2018:
The parliament of Sierra Leone was to have been opened with pomp and pageantry today Tuesday, 24 April 2018, for the swearing of newly elected MPs and the election of a new Speaker of the House.
Instead, there were dramatic scenes of chaos, as both the ruling SLPP party and the main opposition APC brought parliament to a standstill, after much confusion and suspense about whether parliament was indeed going to be opened today.
Today's chaos, which marked the beginning of a bitter political struggle for the control of Sierra Leone's affairs – despite the SLPP winning the presidential election last month, started last night when the current speaker of Parliament – Sheku S.B. Dumbuya, an APC party grandee, issued a public statement postponing today's opening of parliament until further notice.
This statement was quickly followed by a contradictory public statement – this time issued by the new Clerk of Parliament – Paran Tarawally, who was last week appointed by the SLPP president Maada Bio. He informed MPs and the public that the current speaker of parliament's statement postponing the opening of parliament was of no effect and must be ignored.
What is at stake is the decision as to who will become the new speaker of parliament. This is important because according to the Constitution of Sierra Leone, the Speaker of Parliament will act in the absence of both the president and the vice president.
The possibility of having a Speaker of Parliament belonging to the opposition APC deputising as president for the ruling SLPP is anathema to the principles of good governance and constitutional stewardship. It simply does not make sense.
According to the Constitution, the election of Speaker of Parliament is by a two-thirds majority of members of parliament, which currently is made up of APC 68, SLPP 49, C4C 8, NGC 4, Paramount Chiefs 14, and Independents 3.
In this political game of numbers to control the affairs of parliament – the legislature, the ruling SLPP is going to find it very difficult, as it failed to secure a parliamentary majority at last month's elections.
The SLPP are now relying on the High Court petitions that they won yesterday, which debars fourteen MPs belonging to the main opposition APC from taking their seats in parliament, effectively reducing the APC majority to 54.
In response to the High Court petitions, the opposition APC Secretary General – Osman F. Yansaneh said: “The Peoples Congress hereby informs the General Public and APC Supporters in Particular of the dangerous attempt by the SLPP and certain state functionaries to thwart the will of the people through frivolous injunctions against APC Members of Parliament.
“These are actions stage-managed to prevent our Members of Parliament from participating in the election of the Speaker of Parliament, and by default make way for a pliant SLPP Speaker to be imposed on the country and a parliament where the SLPP has only 49 of the 146 MPs.
“This means that 97 members of parliament do not belong to the SLPP. The SLPP applied for injunctions against 16 of our duly elected MPs in the Western Area and five in the North…….”
It was the High Court injunction against the opposition APC that triggered the indefinite postponement of today's parliamentary opening ceremony by the current APC elected Speaker, and the counter statement by the SLPP appointed Clerk of Parliament – calling on all MPs to ignore the Speaker's order and to report to parliament this morning.
Reporting to parliament his morning they did. Many MPs arrived as early as 9am, though the opening ceremony was not due until 10.30am as ordered by the SLPP appointed Clerk of Parliament – Paran Tarawally.
But after waiting for over four hours for the outgoing Speaker Dumbuya and the Clerk – Paran Tarawally to arrive amidst chaos and dramatic scenes of abuse being yelled across the aisle between some of the opposition APC and SLPP MPs, the head of the opposition APC government business in parliament – Sidi Tunis unofficially called on all the MPs present to go home as the opening ceremony will now take place tomorrow, 25 April 2018.
So, was the current outgoing Speaker constitutionally right to postpone today's opening of parliament? And does president Maada Bio have the power to authorise his newly appointed Clerk of Parliament to order the opening of parliament today against the wishes of the outgoing Speaker?
The answers to these burning questions are open to interpretation of the relevant sections of the Constitution of Sierra Leone. And the interpretations depend on who you ask and their political colour.
This is what Francis Ben Kaifala – a legal luminary of the ruling SLPP says: “Section 84 (1) of the Constitution states who summons the first session of Parliament. It states as follows: ‘Each session in parliament shall be held in such place within Sierra Leone and shall commence at such time as THE PRESIDENT may by Proclamation appoint'.
“IT is the PRESIDENT and NOT the SPEAKER who can summon Parliament. Similarly, notices ought to be done by the CLERK OF PARLIAMENT who by Section 82(1) is the administrative Head of Parliament. The Speaker Presides in Parliament but cannot sign or circulate public notices.
“The Speaker of the Dissolved Parliament remains Speaker UNTIL the first sitting of Parliament is called to session by Section 79 (1)(c) of the Constitution. His role ends upon the start of that first meeting. He cannot even preside over the installation of new MP's which is within the purview of the Clerk of Parliament.”
This is what the presidential running mate of Sam Sumana's C4C – David B. Conteh says about the crisis: The speaker of parliament the S.B.B. Dumbuya has postponed until further notice the commencement of the first meeting of the 5th Parliament of the 2nd Republic, citing the current confused situation which has resulted in a state of uncertainty and unrest among many unsworn members of parliament scheduled to take place on Tuesday the 24th April 2018.
“The new Clerk of Parliament Paran Umar Tarawally has countered in a press release that he'll go by the earlier instruction by the president to convene the parliament, pursuant to Section 86 (1) of the Constitution which reads:…'the president may at any time summon a meeting of parliament'.
“While it is partially true in what has been quoted as the relevant section of the constitution by the new Clerk of Parliament, it should be noted it applies only in a state of emergency which allows the president to summon a meeting of parliament and in this case that parliament will be the one preceding this one.
“As at now, until the current members are sworn in, the president can only summon the old or former parliament if a state of emergency exists. Since a state of emergency has not been declared, neither the president nor the clerk can summon a parliament that has not been properly constituted or sworn in to office, if the speaker who is the head of the legislature does not see it fit to do so.
“The president is also a member of parliament, but not one that sits in sessions of parliament. He is the head of the executive branch. The chief justice is the head of the judiciary. All three branches are separate but equal in the eyes of the law.
“The clerk of parliament assumes the role of a permanent secretary as it obtains in any ministry. Only in a military rule or dictatorship do you have orders coming from the executive, ruling by decree or fiat.
“It's going to be an interesting 5 years of constitutional crisis of a magnitude that voters never envisioned; and are seeing the beginning of what might be the norm, especially in the absence of a coalition government .
“We are heading for a standstill and a war of nerves in protecting one's turf as prescribed by the constitution. We are waiting for service to the nation.
“This is my two cents worth of contribution and I think the speaker of parliament as head of parliament and being third in command in the governing structure, in the absence of the president and vice president is right on this one. You be the judge.”
What do you think, as we wait to see whether parliament will be opened tomorrow for business? You can send your comments to the Sierra Leone Telegraph.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
Fireworks explode over the National Mall in Washington on July 4, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / PAUL J. RICHARDS
PAUL J. RICHARDS/AFP/Getty Images
President Donald Trump will watch Fourth of July fireworks from the South Lawn of the White House tonight.
Hundreds of thousands of others will pack the National Mall to see the spectacular show light up the Washington sky.
The fireworks will follow the annual Capitol Fourth concert, which this year will feature Pentatonix, The Temptations and The Beach Boys, among others. John Stamos will return as host and rejoin the Beach Boys on stage.
You can avoid the crowds and watch the fireworks live from wherever you are, in the player above.
The fireworks are expected to begin at 9:09 p.m. ET.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
MAYA BAY, Thailand — Once a pristine Thai paradise, the secluded bay made famous by the Leonardo DiCaprio movie “The Beach” has been exhausted by mass tourism. It's now getting a break from the daily influx of dozens of boats and thousands of visitors unsuccessfully scrambling for an unspoiled view of glistening white sands and emerald waters.
Maya Bay on Phi Phi Leh Island in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday to give its coral reefs and sea life a chance to recover from an onslaught that began nearly two decades ago. Thai authorities, who have promoted unfettered tourism but now claim to be striving to balance profit and conservation, say the closure will happen every year.
It's part of a rethink happening globally about unrestricted tourism that brings big dollars but damages historic sites, harms the environment and often alienates locals. Last month, the Philippines began a six-month closure of popular Boracay Island, whose waters President Rodrigo Duterte described as a “cesspool.” Venice, the famed Italian lagoon city that lives off tourism, installed gates at two access bridges during a four-day holiday in April so it could turn back visitors if numbers became overwhelming.
Many of Thailand's marine national parks are closed from mid-May to mid-October during the monsoon season but because of Maya Bay's popularity, it hasn't had a break since a Hollywood crew set foot on its sands in 1999 to film the dark backpacker tale based on a novel by Alex Garland. Its corals have been decimated by the suffocating clouds of sand and sediment churned up by speedboats.
“I tried to push this campaign for many many years, but you know in Thailand we are a tourism industry country and we need a lot of money, so before not so many people listened,” said Thon Thamrongnawasawat, a marine biologist and member of a government committee on development and the environment. “It should have been done 10 years ago but at least it has been done,” he said.
Thailand had about 35 million international visitors last year, a five-fold increase in little more than two decades.
Shi Pengfei, among the last tourists to visit Maya Bay before its closure, said he had no idea that there would be so many people on the beach.
“I feel that there are so many people here,” said Shi, from Henan, China. “The government's plan to close off the beach for a few months is only natural because the ocean needs a break, a chance to recover, so that the next generation can have a better and even more beautiful destination.”
But locals aren't entirely happy. The head of Phi Phi Tourist Business Association, Watrapol Jantharo, said he was surprised when the closure was announced in March.
He said locals were under the impression that Maya Bay would only be closed to boats, while visitors would still walk to the bay from the other side of the island.
“We are not against protecting our environment,” he said. “We know full well that Maya Bay is our important resource, like a rice field to a farmer, but we wish there are more communications about the government's plan before the decision was made.”
Thon, however, said the plan was discussed with locals for three years before a decision was made.
“In the past, we made some mistake because we think that the money is very important. But now we are trying to change our idea,” he said. Overseas visitors are “very important to our country, but the most important thing is our national resource. We have to preserve and hand it to the next generation.”
The government has set a limit of 2,000 tourists a day when the bay reopens — about half the current cap. Boats will no longer be allowed to anchor but must dock on the opposite side of the island.
“Now that the government has this plan, we can't change it. But we could use this opportunity to tell the world that we do not just have Maya Bay. There are 10 other beautiful beaches and islands around here that tourists can enjoy,” said Watrapol.
Thailand's efforts to protect certain islands after decades of unregulated tourism began about three years ago.
Yoong Island, part of the Phi Phi island chain, and Tachai Island in the Similan Islands National Park, have been off-limits to tourists since mid-2016.
Thon, who surveyed both islands recently, said he was amazed by the results. Waters that were devoid of fish are now teeming, he said, and there is about 10,000 square meters (107,600 square feet) of newly recovered coral off one of the islands.
At Maya Bay, park rangers have been preparing a coral propagation program, attaching it to rocks that will be placed in the bay once the tourists are gone.
“We're almost certain that something good will happen in Maya Bay,” Thon said.
From Paul Harkenrider
SODUS, N.Y. (March 19, 2018) — Although the first race does not begin for the A-Verdi Storage Containers Patriot Sprint Tour for another month, the Mike Emhof Motorsports Inc. operated series has been busy promoting and marketing the tour at car shows and Expo's the last three weekends across Central New York and the Souther Tier.
The first pre-season show was Finger Lakes Speed World in Auburn, New York where Darryl Ruggles had his 48jr car on display. It was another fantastic show put together by Jim Olin for the third consecutive year with this year being the biggest show yet.
The following weekend, the series was of course part of the 32nd annual Syracuse Motorsports Expo at the New York State Fairgrounds. Putting their cars on display were Paulie Colagiovanni in his Einstein Construction / Allstar Performance No. 10, Pete Richardson in his Prestige Pool & Spa No. 67, Steve Glover in his Danny Willmes Enterprises No. 121, Joe Trenca in his Mucci Motorsports No. 98, and rookie Tim Schneider in the Bragman Motorsports No. 3.
Then this past weekend, the series traveled to the Southern Tier to be a part of two separate shows. The Woodhull Raceway car show at the Arnot Mall in Big Flats, NY had Championship contender, Kyle Drum with his No. 47 Empire Tractor / Skip's Custom Flooring machine on display as thousands of fans checked out his 2018 sprinter and pick up their 2018 PST schedules!
A little further to the west was the Olean Mall show in Olean, NY. Reigning Champion, Jared Zimbardi had his mount at the Olean show with an awesome “throwback” color scheme used by his father Tim when he drove the sprints on the Patriot Sprint Tour.
A multitude of schedule cards have been distributed the past three weekends for the race fans of the northeast. If you were unable to pick up your 2018 PST schedule, you can log on to patriotsprinttour.com to check it out! That is also where you will be able to stay up to date with other PST announcements as well as our standings.
The first PST race will be at Outlaw Speedway on Friday, April 20 in Dundee, NY. It will once again be a challenge event with the Empire Super Sprints. The following night, we cross the border and head to Merrittville Speedway in Thorold, ONT for the sixth annual Canadian Spring Sizzler.
Once again, be sure to check out patriotsprinttour.com as well liking ‘Patriot Sprint Tour' on facebook and following @PatriotSprints on Twitter!
""It is not possible to make a sound decision or to participate in society without being informed about one's options, opportunities, and rights.""
2016 Annual Report European Youth Information and Counselling Agency
Welcome to the For the Win's college football viewer's guide, a weekly introduction to the most intriguing matchups of the weekend. We'll give you a look across the college football landscape and break down the games you cannot afford to miss…
THE MAIN EVENT
West Virginia at TCU, 3:30 ET, FS1
This is the only game between ranked teams on Saturday. These teams aren't all that different, especially on the offensive side of the ball. This game will come down to which team can stop the other, which gives the Horned Frogs the advantage. They have speed on defense that other Big XII teams, including West Virginia, lack. The Mountaineers are going to try to put pressure on TCU QB Kenny Hill with aggressive blitzing. If the offensive line can give him any amount of time, Hill should be able to exploit one-on-one matchups on the outside.
Prediction: The Horned Frogs are ready for the aggressive Mountaineers defense and pull off several big plays. TCU wins 42-21.
MUST-SEE TV
Michigan at Michigan State, 7:30 ET, ABC
Do not expect to see a whole lot of points in this one. Both teams are playing defense at a higher level than anyone could have reasonably expected. Michigan is playing at a top-10 clip after losing all but one starter from last year's team. Michigan State is keeping pace after a down year in 2016. The Wolverines offense broke out in the second half of the Purdue win behind backup QB John O'Korn. O'Korn offers Michigan a quarterback who can create on his own, something Wilton Speight could not. If Michigan State is going to keep this one close, it will have to run the ball effectively. Easier said than done against this front.
Prediction: Michigan's offense breaks out with O'Korn behind center and the defense dominates. Wolverines win 30-14.
UNDER PRESSURE
LSU at Florida, 3:30 ET, CBS
Fans at LSU are already raising money to buy out Ed Orgeron's contract. That's what happens when you lose to Troy at home. Now the Tigers travel to Gainesville for a matchup with a Gators team that gets better every week. Orgeron needs a win to quiet the critics. Even a close loss would do him well at this point. The return of star RB Derrius Guice should help an uninspiring LSU offense. If he's not at full speed, it will be on the LSU defense to keep the team in this one.
Prediction: Florida shuts down Guice and Feleipe Franks has a good day at home. Gators win 23-9.
UPSET ALERT
Miami at Florida State, 3:30 ET, ESPN
On paper, Miami should win this game. The Seminoles offensive line is struggling and QB James Blackman does not look capable of consistently moving this offense down the field. The running game is suffering because of the team's passing woes and now Miami's vaunted front-seven comes to town. So why are we picking this as the upset alert game? Because Miami hasn't really played anyone yet. Florida State, meanwhile, has gone through a tough early season schedule. The Alabama loss was inevitable. The NC State loss looks a lot better now. And the team showed impressive resolve coming from behind on the road to beat a good Wake Forest team. We'll know a lot more about both these teams after Saturday.
HEISMAN WATCH
Stanford at Utah, 10:15 ET, FS1
The Heisman is Saquon Barkley's to lose at this point, but Bryce Love is making his case as the second-best running back in the country. He rushed for 301 yards last week against Arizona State last Saturday, and a similarly impressive performance against a ranked Utah team could close the gap between him and Barkley.
FOR THE DRAFT NERDS
Alabama at Texas A&M, 7:15 ET, ESPN
Alabama's Minkah Fitzpatrick is slated to be the top corner taken in the draft. He's seen as a perimeter corner who can match-up with bigger receivers. On Saturday he'll get a chance to show off his agility against Texas A&M's Christian Kirk. If he proves capable of keeping up with the diminutive receiver, Fitzpatrick could solidify his status as a top-five pick.
A murdered Russian journalist comes back to life. Is this a miracle or a disgrace? Are the United States and Europe on the verge of a trade war?
The Russian journalist Arkadi Babtchenko is alive and well, and chuckling on the front pages of several French dailies.
Yesterday Babtchenko was dead, viciously gunned down in the street outside his Kiev apartment. And then, just 24 hours after being shot in the back, Arkadi was smiling at a police press conference, explaining that the whole show had been put on by the Ukranian security services as part of a scam intended to trick those who, he and the Ukrainian secret police said, really were planning to murder him.
It appears to have worked. The police have since arrested two individuals, one described as the would-be hit-man, who was to kill Babtchenko for a fee of 35,000 euros, the other the planner, a Ukrainian citizen allegedly working for the Russian secret services. News of their potential victim's death somehow (the police haven't explained exactly how the game played out) forced the real murderers into the open and they were nabbed.
As the headline in Libération puts it, with a nod to James Bond's creator, Ian Fleming, Arkadi Babtchenko will get to die another day.
And without wishing the man the slightest ill, that could be sooner rather than later. Babtchenko, you will understand, is a harsh critic of Kremlin policy in Ukraine. And when you're on the Kremlin's to-do list, you don't generally have to worry about life in a retirement home.
Mark Twain would probably have approved
The Ukranian secret police have been patting themselves on the back. But not everyone is quite so pleased.
Mrs Babtchenko for starters. Yesterday the resurrected Arkady had to apologise to the missus for "putting her through two days of hell". It's not clear how much she knew about the scam but the tone of that apology suggests that Arkady and the family dog might be sharing food and lodgings for the foreseeable future.
And then there's the question of police credibility. Will people believe the next report of violent death in Kiev or will they await the resurrection?
The international press has not been slow to denounce a variation on the theme of fake news.
Our colleagues at the BBC quote the Russian investigative journalist Andrei Soldatov as saying that "a line has been crossed", that reporters have a duty of integrity and that their work depends on the confidence of their readers. Soldatov says Babtchenko should not have played the police game. But then, it wasn't Soldatov who risked being wiped out.
The Guardian says the whole business is absurd but not funny, with the London paper going on to wonder if the silly scenario played out in Kiev may not, finally, turn out to have done more harm than good.
Reporters Without Borders have condemned the set-up as pathetic and unprecedented, regretting that the Ukrainian police saw fit to take such liberties with the truth, even for a worthy motive.
Fake news is one thing, say the Belgian paper Le Soir. But the Russians kill people for real. This case has helped to blur a complicated situation even further.
Two tribes go to war
There's war on the front page of Le Figaro. Trade war. And this because US President Donald Trump is today expected to announce that European Union steel and aluminium will, from tomorrow, face a US import surcharge of 25 percent.
The right-wing daily says French President Emmanuel Macron has warned that the American decision will create a real danger of an unprecedented sequence of reprisals on both sides of the Atlantic. It is time, says Macron, to overhaul the rules governing the World Trade Organisation, Le Figaro reports..
De Blasio: J'Ouvert won't be shut down Mayor de Blasio — terrified of possibly angering his crucial Brooklyn power base in any way — reversed course and vowed Tuesday to continue the J'Ouvert festival despite two deaths...
Raccoons terrorizing ex-mayoral candidate's neighborhood Former mayoral candidate and city comptroller Bill Thompson has faced his share of political sharks in his career, but he is now facing an unexpected menace in his own backyard...
NYC's pension funds lag peers in private equity returns New York City's public pension funds fall near the back of the pack when it comes to private equity investments performance — a key area as they chase market-beating returns....
Another high-profile Rangel ally defects to endorse Espaillat WASHINGTON — Veteran Harlem Rep. Charles Rangel suffered another high-profile defection as former city Comptroller Bill Thompson threw his support Wednesday to Rangel's Democratic rival, Adriano Espaillat. It's the latest...
Top cop Kelly: Candidates betrayed me In a new interview with Playboy magazine, Police Commissioner Ray Kelly says he felt betrayed by the Democratic mayoral candidates, who he claims used him and the NYPD's stop-and-frisk policy...
Race is irrelevant The Post's sclerotic column (“Not the End of NYC's Ethnic Politics,” PostOpinion, Eric Fettmann, Sept. 22) deplores the return of ethnic politics — surmising foolishly that Bill de Blasio's African-American...
Not the end of NYC's ethnic politics Just when we thought New York was finally out of the age-old game of ethnic politics, they're pulling us back in. Bill de Blasio's victory in the Democratic mayoral primary...
United labor supports de Blasio for big payday New York's left-wing political establishment and its public-sector unions are rallying behind Bill de Blasio now that he's locked up the Democratic nomination for mayor. Think of it as the...
If only Obama were just a fake Dear Mr. President, It didn't seem possible, but you shocked me. After lowering my expectations for you, from very high five years ago to bottom-of-the-barrel now, I figured you could...
""What is amazing is that whatever issues they are having at home, whatever is missing from their lives or causes them pain, our school is theirs""
Andria Zafirakou Winner, Global Teacher Prize
Converting leads and contacts into customers continues to be the top marketing priority for many companies, according to HubSpot research,. And organizations that focus on inbound – e.g. using content marketing, social media and SEO to attract customers -- (vs. outbound) marketing are more likely to be effective.
Here are 13 things your business can do to make your inbound marketing efforts more effective – and convert more prospects into customers.
[ Related: How gamification improves customer engagement and retention ]
1. Know who your target audience is – and where they get their information
“You must define your audience before you even get started, creating the fundamental inbound marketing ‘buyer persona,'” says Ryan Malone, founder & CEO, SmartBug Media. Personas should factor in demographics – gender, age, education, location – and include things like the customer's likes and dislikes, where they shop, where they work and who they buy for (family, friends, coworkers).
Once you've identified and defined your ideal customer, use that buyer persona to guide your strategy, “from the keywords [you] choose, to the website experience, the blogs you write to the social media sites you use for promotion,” he says. “Many organizations mistakenly try to be everything to everyone; however, to truly see inbound success, you must focus on attracting the right audience first and foremost."
2. Plan ahead
“SMBs need to look at the big picture and strategically plan content long term,” says Jamie Domenici, vice president of SMB marketing, Salesforce. “This allows your business to capitalize on… seasons, holidays or events [that are relevant to your business and target audience].” For example, Valentine's Day is a holiday no florist, chocolatier or jeweler would want to miss. And “having an editorial calendar ensures the business can prepare interesting and insightful content well in advance.”
3. Develop an SEO strategy
“Search optimized blogging is one of the best ways for small and medium sized businesses to improve inbound marketing,” says Lauren Fairbanks, CEO, S/G Content Marketing. Just “make sure you focus on the right keywords that match your customer's pain points and work on creating content around those.”
“The best (and free) place to start with this is Google Ads Keyword [Planner],” says Amy Nedoss, marketing strategy director at SocialRaise. “Find low-competition and high-volume search terms. Then align your content with [them]. That way the content is highly targeted and has a better chance of being found [by your target audience].”
“Another trick to improve SEO is to revive your old content,” says Tim Jernigan, marketing analyst, Badger Maps. “If your existing posts don't receive traffic anymore, you can revamp them with infographics [or] images. You can even combine a few blogs to make a PDF guide [or white paper] and post [with a new title].”
[ Related: 14 digital marketing mistakes and how to avoid them ]
4. Create a company blog and fill it with useful content
“The secret to a successful inbound marketing strategy is to consistently provide quality content that is interesting and helpful to current and prospective customers. At the heart of this strategy is the humble blog,” says Domenici.
“Company blogs drive inbound traffic to your website, and can also give your business credibility within your industry,” she says. “Customers favor companies that offer valuable knowledge rather than ones that are too self-promotional, so be sure to identify common customer pain points and provide easy-to-follow solutions. Extend the reach of your blog by sharing posts across your social networks to engage with customers where they are.”
5. Send fewer emails but with better content
“A big theme we're seeing this year is sending less email better, which is something we're really leaning into at HubSpot,” says Jon Dick, vice president of marketing, HubSpot. “As people's inboxes become more and more crowded, many marketers have resorted to increasing their email volume to get the same number of opens. But this approach is backwards.”
Sending fewer but more relevant emails “will actually get you more opens and better engagement in today's environment,” he says. The key is to “focus on adding… value and investing in good content that shows, not tells, your message.” If you do this, “the few emails you do send will get good engagement.”
6. Include graphics and/or photos in messaging
“Humans are more receptive to visual content,” points out Domenici. So “incorporating visual elements [in your messaging] is a sure-fire way for your small business to increase the draw of your inbound marketing strategy. Readers will often become disengaged with ‘how-to' blog posts that are text heavy, but adding graphics can help illustrate step-by-step instructions in a clearer way. Video tutorials are also a great way to easily provide a solution to a common problem and can easily be shared through different channels.”
[ Related: The rise of the chief marketing technologist ]
7. Interact with consumers through podcasts and videos
“Nothing showcases the personality of a brand better than utilizing the latest digital media channels,” says Mark Nardone, executive vice president, PAN Communications. “Brainstorm podcast topics that will open up discussions around industry trends and best practices. This will garner interest from consumers and influencers and position your brand as a thought leader and resource for your target audience.”
And don't leave out video.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz, who was criticized for his initial response to a passenger being violently dragged off a plane, says he gave up his 2017 bonus.
Munoz's compensation, mostly in stock awards, fell to $9.6 million in 2017 from $18.7 million the year before.
United Continental Holdings detailed it in a securities filing Monday.
United also says Chairman Robert Milton is stepping down and the board will pick a new independent chairman.
In a letter to employees, Munoz says he waived his bonus to send a message about accountability.
Munoz initially blamed the passenger who was dragged off a United Express flight in Chicago to make room for a crew member. He later apologized, reached an undisclosed settlement with the man, and made changes to reduce overbooking.
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
The interactions happen nearly every day. Warriors coach Steve Kerr and general manager Bob Myers talk to each other after practice or in their office. They also speak on the phone.
The topics can range from the trivial (good Netflix shows), cultural (good restaurants in San Francisco) or topical (the State of the Union speech). Inevitably, Myers and Kerr also discuss basketball, including the team's play, player development and possible deals.
Kerr and Myers seemingly know each other's thoughts about anything. Yet, both Myers and Kerr both said they do not share their thoughts on what the other should do in their respective position. With the Warriors five days away from the Feb. 8 trade deadline, Kerr outlined a specific dynamic on any conversations he has with Myers about any possible moves.
“I don't have any personnel power,” Kerr said. “The beauty of our arrangement coming in was they didn't want to give me personnel power and I didn't want any.”
Why not?
“I want to win today. Bob wants to win today and tomorrow,” Kerr said. “Those things aren't always compatible. If you're in charge of all that, it gets cloudy. It makes you see the forest for the trees. This is the best model. This is how it works for us.”
To subscribe to the Planet Dubs podcast, click here.
Clearly, this has worked for the Warriors amid winning two NBA championships in the past three years. But when the Warriors hired Kerr in 2014, he did not sign up to become an NBA head coach that would answer to a ownership group or front office that dictates what he has to do.
“I never thought you force anything on your coach,” Myers said. “You can do that. It doesn't make a ton of sense doing something without your coach's input. You can disagree or agree. But collaborating is the healthiest way to do it.”
Kerr has first-hand experience on how that collaboration, or lack thereof, can derail a partnership.
Kerr told Bay Area News Group last month that he regretted how he handled his tenure as the Phoenix Suns' general manager (2007-08) for two reasons. Kerr argued he should have forged a better relationship with former Suns coach Mike D'Antoni. Kerr also expressed regret for trading four-time All-Star Shawn Marion and guard Marcus Banks to Miami for Shaquille O'Neal before the trade deadline in the 2007-08 season.
Though Kerr and D'Antoni admire each other's personalities and basketball philosophies, Kerr argued he put too much pressure on D'Antoni about advancing to the NBA Finals or winning the NBA title. Though O'Neal forged a Hall-of-Fame career because of his unmatched blend of size and power, he joined the Suns past his prime. D'Antoni left the Suns following the 2007-08 season to accept the New York Knicks' head-coaching job. Steve stepped down in 2010 despite the Suns making the Western Conference Finals.
“I've been a GM and I understood how difficult that job is and understood how difficult the coaching job is,” Kerr said. “They really are separate jobs that require a person's full attention. The communication with the group is key. But you always have to communicate. I trust Bob and the scouting department. They have done an amazing job. I don't interfere.”
Neither does Myers, who called the dynamic between him and Kerr a “partnership.” Myers also described Kerr as a “very inclusive coach.”
“I know sometimes people like to put a hierarchy on it. You either both succeed or you both fail, in my opinion,” Myers said. “That's kind of my thought on it. I'm lucky to have a guy like Steve who not only has done my job, but has played in the NBA. He has experienced a ton of success and experienced more success than I ever will. He knows basketball.”
Because of his 16-year NBA career as a shooting specialist, Kerr has sparked praise for how he relates to role players. He also has received strong reviews for his fast-paced and team-oriented offense empowering his star talent, for his light practices making players feel less taxing and for his sense of humor creating a fun working environment.
As for Myers, he has also established a definitive track record in other areas. As a former agent, Myers has forged strong relationships among both agents and other general managers. Despite boasting a star-studded roster, Myers' salary cap management enabled the Warriors to acquire Kevin Durant in the 2016 offseason. Myers' talent evaluation contributed toward the Warriors making smart draft choices that included Klay Thompson (2011), Draymond Green (2012), Patrick McCaw (2016) and Jordan Bell (2017).
Neither Kerr nor Myers would like to read it such platitudes.
“Leadership at the top, leaders in the organization, that allows you to have sustained success,” Myers said, referring to Warriors co-owners Joe Lacob and Peter Guber as well as president Rick Welts. “But why we're successful is really our players. They should get all the credit we've done. Not me, or maybe Steve should as well. They are the ones that have to go out there, work and perform every day and succeed.”
Why has Kerr succeeded? He argued that Myers is partly the answer.
“I feel incredibly lucky to work with Bob,” Kerr said. The thing I learned in this league as a coach, you are dependent on talent and you have to have talent to win. We all know that. But you also have to have an incredible support from your GM and owner, not just support for you but support for winning and a total commitment to the process of winning and what it takes. [There's] a collaboration where nobody cares on who gets the credit. That's why I love working with Bob, Joe, Peter and Rick.”
Therefore, Kerr has loved his everyday conversations with Myers, even the ones that are not related to basketball.
TAMPA — Big Ben is about to get some big baseball company in big Aaron Judge, Giancarlo Stanton and a regular-season series between the Yankees and their biggest rival, the Red Sox, if the timing and details can be worked out.
According to The Post's Joel Sherman, MLB is hopeful of finalizing an agreement for the Yankees and Red Sox to play a two-game series in London in June 2019. The games would be played at London Stadium.
But there are major hurdles.
MLB desperately wants this to happen, but there is still no promoter, nor is there a deal with London Stadium yet. MLB considered using Wembley Stadium, but it couldn't be properly configured for baseball. MLB also considered having the season opener in London, but the city's April weather isn't favorable.
MLB very much wants to play in Europe next season — seeing it as a future market that could yield great financial reward — and would love for it to be a marquee matchup of Yanks-Sox. So the league will work hard to clear the hurdles and finalize the event.
“The Red Sox would certainly be willing participants in a London series, but this decision will be made [by] MLB and the MLBPA,” Sam Kennedy, Red Sox president and CEO, told the Boston Herald on Monday.
MLB is committed to growing the game in foreign markets, and not just in places like Tokyo, where the Yankees and Rays played two regular-season games to begin the 2004 season.
London Stadium was the main facility for the 2012 Olympics. Bloomberg first reported the shaping of the series. Bringing the Yankees and Red Sox to London shows that MLB wants to put forth one of its best rivalries. The AL East is a battleground, and Yankee Stadium and Fenway Park are iconic ballparks so this will showcase a great rivalry in a new setting.
The game will gather plenty of media attention as well, given the Boston and New York markets.
In so many ways, this is a brand-new ballgame because MLB games have yet to be played in Europe. There have been games in Mexico, Japan and Australia but not in Europe. The Yankees open this season in Toronto next week.
Even though the Players Association and MLB have had their differences lately relating to free agency, the sides are committed to growing the game and building a number of international destinations. More destinations equal more fans equal more money for MLB.
This could be the start of a new wave of overseas marketing.
A Yankees series against the Red Sox has a lot more going for it than so many other teams. This is the ultimate rivalry, and putting it in such a different venue will give baseball in Britain a jump-start.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
DICKSON CITY — An independent medical group from Allentown is building Dickson City's first hospital.
After it acquired Scranton Orthopaedic Specialists on Main Street's 300 block, Coordinated Health mostly kept mum on plans for a new medical office building and a hospital on seven acres to be built adjacent to the group's existing Scranton Orthopedics facility.
Coordinated's preliminary construction designs got the planning commission's blessing last week, but the group has not revealed specific medical service lines to be offered there pending approval by the state Department of Health.
That process is in progress now, spokeswoman Florence Brown said Tuesday.
“We know what we want to do,” she said. “What actually ends up happening is under review.”
Coordinated specializes in orthopedic medicine, or the care of bones and muscles, but it also has physicians who work in general medicine, endocrinology and cardiology, among other medical genres. The group is building a facility in Hazle Twp. and has medical offices in Pittston Twp.
“Coordinated Health is thrilled to move forward with plans to expand its presence in Dickson City by introducing the first-ever hospital in the borough,” Brown said. “While plans for the facility are still under review, Coordinated Health looks forward to engaging the community as the project develops in coming months.”
Mike Fedorka, chairman of Dickson City's planning commission, said the group has discussed with the commission including the same service lines found in a typical hospital, such as an emergency department and surgery suites.
“Health care — there are good jobs there,” said Mayor Robert W. MacCallum. “Hopefully those kinds of people want to live in Dickson and buy homes in Dickson. They'll just add to what we're trying to do here.”
In December, a Coordinated property holding affiliate bought three parcels for $1.16 million, formerly the home of Michael Griffin's State Farm insurance agency and PA Escape Rooms. The company bought the shopping plaza at 330 Main St. for $700,000 in September 2017 at the same time it bought the Scranton Orthopaedic building at 334 Main St. and surrounding real estate for $5.54 million.
The project will make over an important gateway into Dickson City and serve as a foundation for more revitalization, Fedorka said.
The borough is best known for its stores and restaurants along Commerce Boulevard and the Scranton/Carbondale Highway, which see far more traffic as they feed Lackawanna County's de facto retail hub, but last year borough officials launched an initiative to clean up Main Street and make it more inviting.
“We want to make sure that we're friendly toward developers and development,” Fedorka said.
The project still requires a number of state and local approvals.
At the borough level, the planning commission's recommendation to greenlight it now goes to council. The zoning hearing board must grant variances for the parking.
“We haven't seen all of the plans as of yet. Only the preliminary plans have been approved,” said council President Jeff Kovaleski. “However I could tell you there was initial discussion regarding that hospital, and I can tell you that borough council was very much in favor of it.”
Contact the writer:
joconnell@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9131;
@jon_oc on Twitter
DARLINGTON, S.C. — Authorities say a woman in labour and her unborn baby were killed along with two other people and another baby still in the womb after a SUV ran off the side of a road into a ditch in South Carolina.
Highway Patrol Lance Cpl. Judd Jones says all 11 people inside the vehicle were ejected in the wreck around 10 p.m. Friday on a two-lane road in Darlington County.
Judd says the eight people injured were taken to the hospital, but he didn't have their conditions.
Darlington County Coroner Todd Hardee said 28-year-old Chikari Douglas-Rouse was in labour and trying to get to the hospital. Troopers say the 2003 Chevrolet Trailblazer ran off the right side of the road and overturned. The cause of the wreck was still under investigation.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Think of the energy Joe Morgan expended last month when he encouraged Hall of Fame voters to keep out players associated with illegal performance-enhancing drugs.
The time. The brain space. Pitching the idea to the Hall of Fame and coordinating its release.
Now imagine if Morgan had channeled toward the inclusion of Marvin Miller, rather than the exclusion of guys based on an extremely tenuous line in the sand.
Miller, the legendary Players Association head who guided the union into free agency and countless other player advancements, fell short once again on Sunday. He drew seven of 16 votes from the Modern Baseball Era Committee that elected Jack Morris and Alan Trammell. This is now the fifth time Miller has been considered by a smaller committee, as opposed to one comprising all living Hall of Famers (hat tip to Sports Illustrated's Jay Jaffe for tallying that). An 0-for-5 showing does not even remotely capture Miller's contributions to the game.
To their credit, both Morris, who was victimized by owner collusion in the 1980s, and Trammell spoke out passionately in support of Miller at their news conference here at the Winter Meetings.
“All I can say is I owe him a great bit,” Morris said. “My life changed because of his hard work to put us on the map, and I think there's a whole generation of people playing the game today that have no idea what he did to help us, and that's a regret. I hope they take the time to learn who he is, what he did.
“I realize there's friction between him and ownership. He made it hard on them. That's human nature. We don't always see the same way. But baseball has changed dramatically because of Marvin Miller, whether you want to like him or not. So I'll always be a strong supporter of him.”
Said Trammell: “I hope that the young players today recognize that, that without him, wow, the game has changed, and it's changed for the better. I know that he's being considered, and … in my opinion, I'd be shocked if he's not elected sometime here in the near future.”
If Miller ever does get elected — the Modern Baseball Era Committee will convene again in two years — then more people would know what he did, naturally.
Just as the Hall authorized Morgan's plea to keep the illegal PED guys out, it stacks the deck with management types who decrease Miller's odds. This committee featured six Halls of Fame players (George Brett, Rod Carew, Dennis Eckersley, Don Sutton, Dave Winfield and Robin Yount); a Hall of Fame manager in Bobby Cox and his Braves boss, John Schuerholz, also a Hall of Famer, as well as five executives (Mets general manager Sandy Alderson, retired Blue Jays CEO Paul Beeston, Reds owner Bob Castellini, Cardinals owner Bill DeWitt and Royals owner David Glass) plus three “historians” in baseball writers Bob Elliott and Jayson Stark and Elias Sports Bureau bigwig Steve Hirdt.
However, Miller's vote total of seven shows that even some of the non-executives didn't support him. Which is intellectually unfortunate.
“We probably had more discussion about him than anybody,” Brett, who wouldn't divulge his vote, said of Miller.
Schuerholz likewise said he wouldn't divulge his vote, although he did say he'd be fine with it being publicized.
“I'm not embarrassed by how I think or what my opinion is,” he said.
Alas, the Hall has not displayed an appetite for such disclosure. As with the Baseball Writers Association of America vote, which will be announced on Jan. 24, the Hall doesn't want to influence votes in such a way. It wants to protect the confidentiality of those voters who desire it.
Yet the Hall had no issue with Morgan, who is the Hall's vice chairman, using the organization's contacts to try to influence votes against folks. Just imagine if he used those powers for good. We'd all be better off, and the Hall would be a more legitimate institution.
Lindsey Vonn and P.K. Subban confirmed they're dating last month when they went to the Country Music Awards together and shared some fun snapshots of it on social media.
The Olympic skier and Nashville Predators defenseman are vacationing together in Italy, according to their social media accounts, but they're still celebrating Fourth of July. And that includes wearing matching — or possibly the same? — American flag one-piece bathing suits.
And Subban wants to know: Who wore it better? And even included a poll on his Twitter account to get an official result from fans.
Me or Lv? — P.K. Subban (@PKSubban1) July 4, 2018
This is us just enjoying life. Both of us had nothing to drink. #youonlyliveonce 😁 https://t.co/UyjFB2QhuK — lindsey vonn (@lindseyvonn) July 4, 2018
Here's a look at what else sports' newest power couple has been up to in Italy.
Sardinia lobsters are aggressive!!!😂🇮🇹 A post shared by P.K. Subban (@subbanator) on Jul 3, 2018 at 6:17am PDT
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency broke with four decades of practice Tuesday and proposed limits on the science used to develop policies protecting public health and the environment.
The measure, backed by conservatives and some advisers to President Donald Trump who have warned of “junk science,” would prevent the EPA from considering scientific research unless all methodological, technical and other information is publicly available. But critics fear the move would exclude such research as public-health studies containing anonymized patient data.
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, speaking in the agency's Rachel Carson green room, said before signing the proposal that it addresses what he characterized as a deficit of transparency in the federal rule-making process.
"I've found sometimes that common sense is not too common at the agency," Pruitt said, adding that he has tried to eliminate conflicts of interest among EPA-funded researchers advising the agency. He said he is attacking the issue with the strongest means at his disposal: "This is not a policy. This is not a memo. This is a proposed rule."
Seven Democratic senators wrote Pruitt a letter Tuesday saying that the policy, which will have a 30-day public comment period, is probably illegal. Led by Delaware's Tom Carper, the lawmakers requested more information about the proposal, which they say would direct the agency to ignore the "best available science," a court-back standard for ensuring regulators consider evidence.
"Your proposed new policy likely violates several laws with which EPA must comply as the agency writes rules to protect our air, water and land from harmful pollution," they wrote.
Opponents charge that Pruitt is offering an antidote -- transparency -- to what are global, well-functioning, time-tested practices for conducting science. “[D]on't be fooled by this talk of transparency. He and some conservative members of Congress are setting up a nonexistent problem in order to prevent the EPA from using the best available science,” wrote Gina McCarthy, Pruitt's predecessor at EPA, and former Acting Assistant Administrator Janet McCabe in a New York Times op-ed on March 26.
“It's a perfect catch-22,” Andrew Rosenberg, director of the Union of Concerned Scientists Center for Science and Democracy, said. “You must protect the public health, but you can't use public-health science to do it. Therefore, you don't protect the public health,” he said.
Pruitt's proposal is not the first time Republicans have put such a policy forward. The most recent legislative attempt was the HONEST Act, which was sponsored by Representative Lamar Smith of Texas and passed the House in March 2017. The previous version, the EPA Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, would have cost the EPA $250 million, according to the Congressional Budget Office.
“For far too long EPA's research and analysis has been highly questionable and often unverifiable. Sadly, this flawed, politically motivated research has played a key role in directing EPA's polices and regulations for many years,” said Steve Forbes, chairman and editor-in-chief of Forbes Media, and honorary chairman of Americans for Hope, Growth and Opportunity.
Nearly 1,000 scientists, led by former EPA researchers, on Monday issued a letter calling Pruitt's and like-minded lawmakers' push for better reproducibility and transparency in science “phony issues that weaponize ‘transparency' to facilitate political interference in science-based decision-making.”
A draft white paper by the Environmental Protection Network, a group of former agency employees, said that the policy would damage federal programs that control pesticides and toxic chemicals, clean up Superfund sites and reduce air pollution. "Such a policy would be illegal," they write.
The science policy shift comes at a time of increasing scrutiny for Pruitt, who has drawn attention for removing EPA-funded scientists from advisory panels while leaving in place industry executives who benefit from lighter regulation, for travel and real-estate choices and for building a private booth in his office that the General Accountability Office found was in violation of spending laws.
Stephan Lewandowsky, a University of Bristol cognitive psychologist, has said that the phrase "secret science" was coined two decades ago to discredit research linking health risks from smoking. A policy memo to a tobacco executive from 1996, reported by The Intercept last year, laid out a strategy "to construct explicit procedural hurdles" for the agency's scientific reports.
Steve Milloy is the publisher of JunkScience.com, a website that criticizes what he calls the misuse of science by special interests. Milloy wrote in March that he has worked on the topic for more than 20 years. Before Pruitt's announcement a spokesman for Milloy issued a release emphasizing his influence in debates. "Much to Administrator Scott Pruitt's credit, the Trump EPA has decided to end the use of such ‘secret science' as a basis for regulatory actions that have harmed our economy, put companies out of business and harmed consumers," according to the statement.
— With assistance by Jennifer A Dlouhy
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LEE'S SUMMIT, Mo. – Dozens of students came together Friday night to remember a Lee's Summit North High School student who took her own life inside the school last week. Friends and family held a candlelight vigil to honor 17-year-old Gemesha Thomas.
“Her smile was contagious, she was amazing, she really was,” said classmate Anthony George.
“We talked on the daily, I am overwhelmed by it but I am glad we could come here as a community and show support for her,” he told FOX 4.
The teen's mother and aunt spoke to the group of students and encouraged them to take depression seriously. They said Thomas had struggled with depression for four years and had seen a therapist for help.
Local outreach group, Save One Life, were also at the vigil to provide support and encourage the students to seek help if they are dealing with depression.
“I never got to acknowledge the feelings that she had you know, I wish I would have, I don't know, talk to her more or talked deeper with her you know,” said classmate and friend Trevor Walton.
The prototype device links to a host of wearables to gather health data for doctors
IDG
Researchers at IBM have developed a hub for wearables that can gather information from multiple wearable devices and share it with a doctor, potentially cutting down on the time patients need to spend in a hospital.
The gadget, which IBM has dubbed a 'cognitive hypervisor,' funnels data from devices such as smartwatches and fitness bands into the IBM Cloud. There, it's analyzed and the results are shared with the user and their doctor.
The idea is that patients can be monitored reliably through the device so they can be sent home to recover from illnesses a day or two earlier than they might otherwise have been allowed. It also means that should a problem develop, a doctor can be alerted immediately and an ambulance dispatched if it's serious enough.
IBM demonstrated a prototype of the device in San Francisco on Tuesday.
"I am Chiyo, your new companion. During this time, please touch me to start," it said after powering up. "Every time you touch me, I will tell you about your status."
Magdalena Petrova IBM's Chiyo health device as seen during a demonstration in San Francisco on February 14, 2017.
Fed with simulated data, the prototype alerted to a low blood oxygen level and a high temperature after it was tapped.
The device will react to voice commands and interact through a text-to-speech engine. One of the jobs facing researchers is to make the digital speech more realistic and more conversational.
Doing that will encourage users to interact with the device, said Rahel Strässle, a researcher working on the technology at IBM Research in Switzerland.
In developing the system, IBM isn't planning to get into the wearables business. Instead, it plans to offer the service as a platform on which other companies can build their own health services.
"They can use this technology to build their own wearable devices," said Bruno Michel, manager of smart system integration at the same IBM Research office.
The prototype is about the size of a grapefruit and is built with off-the-shelf components such as a Raspberry Pi and Arduino boards, but Michel thinks it can be made much smaller.
"I think in about five years, we will be able to have that fit into the ear canal," he said.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
How many attacks are there on health care facilities in Syria?
Dr. Rohini Haar, a public health researcher at the University of California, Berkeley, led a team that collected ground reports of attacks in 2016 in northern Syria, filed by civilians via cellphone text.
Haar wanted to find out if human rights organizations were missing anything in their reports. Sending outside investigators into a country, or monitoring news reports and social media, certainly has merit, she thought. "But that doesn't capture all the stuff that goes on day to day that people don't realize is also a violation of international law," she says.
She was shocked by the relentlessness of the attacks.
The data, which appears Tuesday in the journal PLOS Medicine, shows a total of 200 health care-related attacks in the governorates of Aleppo, Idleb, Homs and Hama. Haar and her team focused on these provinces because they include large, historically rebel-held cities — Idleb and Aleppo — that had already sustained a lot of violence.
Over 2016 that averages out to more than one attack every other day, says Haar. In the attacks her team analyzed, 112 health-care staff and 185 patients died.
To compile the data, researchers partnered with the Syrian American Medical Society, which operates and funds many of the hospitals that have sustained attacks in northern Syria.
SAMS hired eight civilians to visit the scene of attacks once it was safe, interview survivors and witnesses and take photos. The information was sent back to SAMS offices in Gaziantep, Turkey, via text message or an app-based questionnaire. SAMS checked these details against other witnesses' reports.
Haar and her team found that the majority of attacks occurred via aerial bombing, so it was difficult to identify a perpetrator. These attacks from above nearly always damaged structures. As a result of the attacks, eight clinics and hospitals were permanently closed; 41 other health-care facilities closed temporarily.
Even when health facilities manage to survive these attacks, the threat to medical care remains, says Dr. Ahmad Albaik, a physician who works with SAMS to administer health care in Syria. Albaik is based in Gaziantep, Turkey.
Before Albaik worked on this study, he practiced medicine in Aleppo between 2013 and 2015. He saw the effects of these attacks firsthand: Patients begin to fear hospitals because of the risk of bombing during treatment, he says, and doctors would leave areas where clinics sustain attacks. "If they can't have a safe place to work to care for people's lives, and they are a target as well, they will leave," he says.
A previous effort to identify the number of attacks in northern Syria, by Physicians for Human Rights, used information from press reports and social media to tally and verify 90 attacks on health facilities in 2016.
PHR focuses strictly on attacks on health facilities and verifies incidents only after receiving two independent reports. With on-the-ground photos and reports from multiple witnesses, Haar's team could verify more attacks and could also tally attacks on patients, health workers and ambulances.
Although the new data exceeds other estimates of attacks on health care in northern Syria in 2016, Haar still thinks her results underestimate the total violence against medical facilities and workers. "There's probably a whole subset of incidents that everybody's missing," Haar says. SAMS data collectors were much more likely to report attacks on large hospitals than smaller, rural clinics.
"The fact that these numbers are no doubt a minimum is also shocking," says Susannah Sirkin, a senior adviser at Physicians for Human Rights.
Sirkin does not believe the health facilities are suffering collateral damage in general attacks. Because health facilities are often the largest buildings in rural areas of Syria and because hospitals have experienced repeated bombings, she believes they are being deliberately targeted — a violation of humanitarian law.
Haar agrees, noting that most hospitals in Syria no longer display the Red Cross or Red Crescent markings that brands them as medical facilities. "They've been removed because they're creating a giant target, literally," she says. Unfortunately, she says, the GPS coordinates of larger hospitals and clinics are already known, so they're still under threat.
Haar's data shows that 33 hospitals sustained more than one attack in 2016. Two hospitals in Aleppo city were attacked over 10 times. From such a barrage, Sirkin says, "you can infer complete intent to destroy access to health care for the the sick."
According to reports, the Syrian government and Russia, its ally, have denied targeting health facilities.
The violence of the civil war doesn't seem to be letting up. WHO has launched an effort to track attacks on health care facilities, personnel, and patients by combining data from nongovernmental organizations and U.N. agencies. So far, it counts 74 such attacks in Syria in 2018.
"There are no safe places," Albaik says.
Menaka Wilhelm is a freelance writer covering health and technology. She's on Twitter: @menakawilhelm.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Report: Mariners have tried to trade for Ervin Santana multiple times
The non-waiver trade deadline may have already passed, but the Seattle Mariners are still pursuing upgrades on the waiver trade market.
Ryan Divish of the Seattle Times reported over the weekend that the M's have tried to trade for Minnesota Twins righty Ervin Santana “multiple times.” Divish does add however that trade talks between the two sides are currently “on hold” with the Twins passing the Mariners in the AL Wild Card standings.
The 34-year-old Santana, who named an All-Star this year, holds a 12-7 record with a 3.28 ERA and 125 strikeouts in 24 starts. He is under club control for two more seasons and is familiar with both Mariners GM Jerry Dipoto and manager Scott Servais from their time with the Los Angeles Angels.
The Twins won't be helping a fellow Wild Card competitor unless they fall out of the race these next few weeks. But they flirted with trading Santana before, and for their part, the Mariners badly need quality starting pitching, especially with aces Felix Hernandez and James Paxton currently on the disabled list.
Even on a day Aaron Judge strikes out to end the game with the tying run on base, he manages to make history.
The right fielder went deep in the fourth inning of the Yankees' 7-6 loss to the Blue Jays on Wednesday for his league-leading 29th homer of the season.
The blast to right-center tied him with Joe DiMaggio for the franchise rookie record, set in 1936.
“Any time you're in the same sentence as Joe DiMaggio, it's incredible,” Judge said.
The homer helped get the Yankees back into the game after Michael Pineda put them in a 5-0 deficit. Judge also singled in the Yankees' four-run fifth when they took the lead.
But Judge didn't have the same results later in the game.
After Tyler Wade led off the seventh with a walk, Brett Gardner bunted. Wade advanced to second, but Toronto intentionally walked Judge.
Manager Joe Girardi said Gardner was trying to bunt for a hit, but he had already fouled off a bunt attempt before he laid one down successfully. Wade was stranded at second — and Judge at first — when Gary Sanchez struck out and Didi Gregorius flied to right.
Then in the ninth, Judge came up with Gardner at first and two outs.
Toronto's 22-year-old closer, Roberto Osuna, got Judge on a check swing on a 2-2 slider for the last out.
“That's the moment you want to be up: runner on, chance to win the ballgame,'' Judge said. “That's what you dream of, to come up and get job the done.''
But while Judge has dominated most of the rest of the sport this season, Osuna has been his kryptonite.
The two have faced off four times this season and each time has ended with the same result: a Judge swinging strikeout in the ninth.
“I try to focus on throwing strikes,” Osuna said after converting his 20th consecutive save opportunity. He blew three in April and none since.
“He's one of the best, so you've got to pitch him really careful,” Osuna said. “For me, he's a low-ball hitter, so I try to throw up [to him].”
It likely won't be long before the two young stars face off again.
By then, Judge may have rewritten the record book some more.
“He's a big baseball history fan, so he knows what this means,” minor league and current teammate Rob Refsnyder said of Judge's milestone. “In half a season, he's tied one of the greatest Yankees of all time. It's incredible.
“But he stays in the present. I don't know when he'll be able to sit back and think about it. He's worked so hard, and right now all of us get to enjoy all the records he's broken. I feel like he's not even thinking about it.”
Dining at NYC's top-rated restaurants can leave your stomach full and your wallet empty. So try an insider tip, and grab a seat at the bar. Four-star restaurants including Eleven...
UPDATE: Jerry Yarber was found safe Monday night, police say.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Police are searching for a missing 69-year-old man who might be in danger, officials say.
Jerry L. Yarber was last seen at his residence in the 6900 block of East 85th Terrace in KCMO and was wearing glasses, a black coat, blue shirt, blue jeans and black shoes. Police describe Yarber as 6-foot-2 and 245 pounds.
Police said the 69-year-old is a stroke victim and cannot speak or communicate verbally. He also walks with a cane.
Anyone who knows of Yarber's location is asked to call 911 or KC police at 816-234-5136.
The man charged with the attempted rape and deadly assault of last fall of Google executive Vanessa Marcotte is scheduled to be arraigned Tuesday in Leominster, Massachusetts west of Boston and authorities say murder charges will also be filed. Related Articles Murder of Google's Vanessa Marcotte: DNA profile of killer released
Google's Vanessa Marcotte found slain in woods, little town's first homicide in decades
Google's Vanessa Marcotte may have injured her killer, prosecutor says
Angelo Colon-Ortiz, 31, was captured after a massive eight-month manhunt for the killer of Marcotte, an account manager for the search giant was visiting her mother in Princeton, Mass. and had gone out jogging when she was attacked. Police say that as Marcotte, 27, fought with her assailant his DNA was left on her body, enabling investigators to eventually charge Colon-Ortiz with the killing.
Google did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
“It was through her determined fight and her efforts that we obtained the DNA of her killer,” said Worcester County District Attorney Joseph Early. The DNA was then used to create an eerily accurate physical profile of Colon-Ortiz.
On Tuesday, Colon-Ortiz faces charges of aggravated assault and battery and assault with intent to rape and Early has said that a murder charge would also be filed.
Colon-Ortiz, who is being held on $10 million cash bail following his arrest this weekend in connection with the murder, is not an illegal immigrant, police said, contrary to some earlier reports. Investigators also said that Marcotte had fought fiercely with her attacker before she was murdered while running near her mother's home.
Colon-Ortiz was working in Princeton around the time of the murder, but Early would not say what type of work he was doing, nor would he say where in the Central Massachusetts town he was working.
Early at a weekend press conference credited Marcotte for helping authorities to solve her murder. Her “determined fight” for life left the DNA of her killer on her hands, he said. Colon-Ortiz was arrested last Friday after a DNA test allegedly linked him to the murder scene.
Marcotte, a 27-year-old Google employee who lived in New York City, was visiting family in the rural Central Massachusetts town when she was killed Aug. 7. When she didn't return after an afternoon run, her family called police.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier is leaving President Trump's American Manufacturing Council, saying, "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
The resignation came after Trump was criticized for his response to the violence at white supremacist events in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend. The president, famous for his ability to be direct and forceful, was faulted for condemning violence "on many sides."
Within an hour of Merck announcing Frazier's withdrawal, Trump retorted on Twitter, "Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned ... he will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices!"
In a statement on his resignation, Frazier said, "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier, who is African-American, said he was acting as both the CEO of Merck and "as a matter of personal conscience."
The rift did not seem to harm Merck's stock: The drug company's shares rose by nearly a full percentage point in the first hour of trading, to nearly $63.
Members of his own party have called on Trump to condemn Saturday's killing of a woman who had been protesting white supremacists as an act of domestic terrorism. The White House later stated that Trump was including "white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups" in his remarks about the violence.
Frazier's departure is the latest high-profile exit from a White House advisory council since Trump took office in January.
After Trump announced in June that the U.S. would be leaving the Paris climate accord, both Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger left his business advisory council.
Months earlier, in February, Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick left the same panel during the fallout from Trump's executive order, which at the time banned immigrants from seven majority-Muslim countries.
"The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," Kalanick said at the time.
Asia Argento criticizes Italian #MeToo open letter Argento, who has been ridiculed by the Italian press for accusing Weinstein of rape, led a Rome march last month in support of the #MeToo movement.
Weinstein accusers claim they weren't invited to Golden Globes Rose McGowan and Asia Argento, both of whom accused Harvey Weinstein of rape, were not at the awards show.
Anthony Bourdain continues to support girlfriend Asia Argento The "No Reservations" host has been vocal in his support of women who've leveled accusations of sexual harassment.
Asia Argento feels 'doubly crucified' after Weinstein rape accusation One Italian headline about Weinstein victims, including Argento, translates to, "First I give it away, then I whine and pretend to repent."
Harvey got exposed because he's not profitable anymore A collective jaw dropped this week as Asia Argento, Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie, Mira Sorvino, Rosanna Arquette and a host of other women joined Ashley Judd and Rose McGowan in...
Customizable and with free updates for a lifetime, MAGIX's Music Maker expands users creative possibilities in the new editions available.
With the release of the latest Music Maker Editions, MAGIX offers fans of loop-based music production the ability to select their favourite Soundpools, instruments and features from a massive content pool to customize the program to one's own personal music style.
When it was launched, 22 years ago, Music Maker set a new standard in loop-based music production, so much, in fact, that to this day this is still the reason why many successful producers use Music Maker to find ideas and to create quick and easy beat outlines. The added modularity introduced for its anniversary makes the program completely customizable, meaning that depending on your edition you can put together all sounds, functions and instruments yourself.
The latest Music Maker Plus Edition and Music Maker Premium Edition contain all the basic program functions as well as large content packages allowing users to freely choose their content through the in-app Music Maker Store. At the outset, Music Maker Premium Edition provides selection for 3 Soundpools, 1 Soundpool Collection, 8 instruments, 9 feature packs and 3 pre-set packs worth up to $699. Highlights available in the selection include the Mastering Suite and Orange Vocoder ME. Users who want more can purchase additional content via the in-app Music Maker Store.
“Our new Plus and Premium Editions offer everything users need to bring new musical ideas to life. If you're a fan of hip-hop, you may not be interested in Techno Soundpools, and vice versa. We've provided a huge selection of high-quality content so you can choose exactly what you need”, says Torsten Heise, Product Owner for Music Maker at MAGIX.
Another new development announced by MAGIX is free updates for a lifetime. From now on, all users will always be able to access the latest software version of Music Maker meaning that they will receive basic functions and bug fixes for free. And that will be the case for as long as MAGIX continues to develop Music Maker. More exclusive updates, software instruments, features and Soundpools for the Music Maker Editions and the in-app Store will be made available separately in future.
The new Music Maker Editions are now available in stores and online, priced at $59.99 for the Music Maker Plus Edition and $129.99 for the Music Maker Premium Edition. Remember there is also a free version of Music Maker available.
Was This Post Helpful:
As the Jets get close to training camp, I am going to examine the roster and give you my top 25 players. Each weekday, we will reveal another person on the list, leading right into camp. I am not including rookies on this list because I do not feel it is possible to fully evaluate them before they play a game.
No. 16: James Carpenter
Last year's ranking: 4
Position: LG
Age: 29
How acquired: Signed as a free agent to a four-year, $19.1 million contract on March 15, 2015
Years left on contract: 1
2018 Salary Cap figure: $6.8 million
Looking back at 2017: Carpenter had his worst season of three with the Jets last year.
He took a step back along with the entire offensive line and really struggled at times. Carpenter had a really strong 2015 and 2016 seasons, making his signing look like a genius move by general manager Mike Maccagnan. But last season, he did not look like the same guy.
Pro Football Focus rated him the 75th guard out of 80 they graded. He was 77th in pass blocking and 58th in run blocking. Carpenter gave up four sacks, tied for ninth-most among guards and 10 quarterback hits, tied for the most at the position.
Carpenter was penalized five times, three times for false starts.
His worst game came in Tampa Bay, when the Buccaneers dominated the Jets up front in one of the worst games of the season for Gang Green.
One positive from Carpenter last year was his durability. He played all 1,038 offensive snaps, the only player to do so.
Outlook for 2018: This is probably Carpenter's final year with the Jets. With his contract expiring and him approaching 30, the Jets most likely will let him leave in free agency after this year. The Jets have a boatload of salary cap space in 2019 and revamping the offensive line has to be a top priority.
In the meantime, the Jets have to hope that his 2017 season was an anomaly and not a sign of things to come. The Jets fired offensive line coach Steve Marshall after last season and brought in Rick Dennison, hoping he can get the line playing well.
Carpenter is the top offensive lineman on my list. That means within the first 10 players in this top 25, all the starting linemen are off the board already. If my assessment is correct, that is not good news for the Jets.
The terrorist who killed 39 people in an Istanbul nightclub targeted already wounded victims as they struggled helplessly on the floor, according to the lone American survivor, who said he managed to survive by playing dead.
William Jacob Raak, 35, of Greenville, Delaware, took a bullet to the leg when a gunman stormed club Reina early Sunday.
Raak said that as the AK-47-wielding killer unloaded bullets into revelers during the horrific 1:30 a.m. rampage, he targeted people lying on the floor.
“When he shot me, I didn't move — I just let him shoot me,” Raak told NBC News. “I was shot when I was already on the ground. He was shooting people that he had already shot.”
The small business owner said the shooter was walking along a bench that he was under.
Raak said that even after he was shot, he didn't make a peep and tried to stay as still as possible so the gunman would think he was dead.
“You just have to stay as calm as you can,” he told the news outlet. “I took a bullet.”
Raak was with a group of nine people — seven of whom were shot — when he saw the gunman coming toward them.
“I saw him coming and he shot us all,” he said. “Somebody said there were shots fired and I initially did not believe it until I saw the gunman and he started shooting up the whole place.”
A second bullet struck Raak's cellphone and ricocheted off it, possibly saving his life.
“I was probably the luckiest person in the whole thing,” Raak told NBC News.
Raak, who was visiting the Turkish city with friends, is expected to make a full recovery and return home this week.
His flight lands Tuesday evening at Philadelphia International Airport, according to CBS Philly.
ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack that killed mostly foreigners, officials said.
The gunman escaped following the bloody mayhem, and a massive manhunt continues.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Though later-year boomers were estimated to hold down an average of 11-12 jobs in a lifetime according to the U.S. Department of Labor, as many as 34 percent of millennials are expected to stay at their current jobs for only 1-2 years, according to Job Application Center. That's a lot of quitting — and quitting can be super stressful. Adding to that stress is the fact that companies are using electronic surveillance and analyses of their employee's social media lives to predict which workers have a foot out the door, according to an article in the Harvard Business Review.
That said, it can take an awful lot of energy to psych yourself up to quit. “Resignations share a lot in common with break-ups in romantic relationships,” says Anthony Klotz, Assistant Professor in the College of Business at Oregon State University, and author of “On the Turning Away: An exploration of the resignation process,” a study that examines how employees go about giving notice. “Part of the anxiety comes from the fact that you are ‘dumping' your boss, and to some extent your coworkers and company.”
Another anxiety-inducing aspect of quitting is not knowing how your boss will take your news. Also, leaving the devil you know for the devil you don't can induce some second guessing. “Many employees are not 100 percent sure that they are doing the right thing by quitting. The resignation may be the culmination of months or years of deliberating whether or not to leave, and given its finality, taking that final step is nerve-wracking,” Klotz explains.
Part of the anxiety comes from the fact that you are ‘dumping' your boss, and to some extent your coworkers and company. Part of the anxiety comes from the fact that you are ‘dumping' your boss, and to some extent your coworkers and company.
No matter how you might feel about your job when announcing your imminent departure, there are positive — and not-so positive — ways to go about giving notice.
How not to quit your job
Telling colleagues before your boss
Though it's tempting to confide about quitting to your co-workers — especially if you're tight — it can come back to haunt you. “In many cases, news travels to the boss or to HR before the employee has a chance to break the news, which can be pretty awkward,” says Klotz.
Submitting an “avoidance resignation”
In his study, Klotz found what he calls “avoidant resignation” strategies, such as quitting in an after-hours email, leaving a resignation letter in a manager's mailbox at work or resigning to an HR rep rather than one's supervisor, can easily inspire negative reactions from managers. As hard as it can be, your best bet is quitting your job face-to-face.
Not giving enough notice
Leaving a job with short notice is a very common quitting mistake. The more integral your role, the more important it is to provide your employer with an adequate time frame to secure a replacement, says Leonard A. Schlesinger, Baker Foundation Professor at the Harvard Business School. Schlesinger recommends at least 4-6 weeks for those in management, while Klotz recommends consulting your company handbook, or taking note of how long other employees worked before leaving to figure out what's appropriate.
Unloading on HR during the exit interview
Schlesinger says the worst time to provide critical feedback on your employer is during your exit interview. “While it may make you feel better, it accomplishes little else worthwhile,” he says. “They will be left to consider why they're hearing all this from you for the first time.” Do your best to leave on a positive note. Klotz says the exit interview can be an opportunity to voice concerns about work conditions or a bad manager — just try and put a constructive spin on it.
How to quit
Quitting by the book
A “by the book” resignation — presenting your manager with a resignation letter in a face-to-face meeting while proposing a reasonable end-date (according to your position and industry) — is usually a foolproof way to resign, even if you and your boss have tension, says Klotz. And according to Ask Molly, an advice column published in The Muse, a career development website, you should prepare your answer in case your boss makes you a counteroffer.
Keeping your boss in the loop
If you have a positive working relationship with your manager, you could (quietly) let them know about your plans to resign before doing so formally. Though this can be risky, Klotz's research found it to be a good move, because it allows your manager to properly prepare for your departure. But if you're leaving for a competitor, be prepared to be escorted off the premises.
The “grateful goodbye”
Klotz says this way of quitting has potential for the most positive pay-off. “Employees not only express gratitude toward their boss and all he or she has done for them, but they also often provide a longer-than-standard notice periods and offer to train a replacement,” he explains.
If you've built a client base, or designed or developed technology pivotal to your company, make sure it's legal to take copies of what you brought to the table. “Read your employment agreement carefully and understand the obligations it imposes on your as an employee — or former employee,” advises Schlesinger. “These legal obligations are not to be taken lightly.”
Otherwise, you risk having a lot more to worry about than what to wear on the first day of your new gig.
GET MORE CAREER ADVICE
Image copyright TVP Image caption Police say they want to speak to the man pictured in this CCTV footage "as a matter of urgency"
CCTV images of a man who may have "crucial information" about a murder in Windsor have been released by police.
Mohammed Rasheed, 50, was found with fatal head injuries near nightclubs and pubs in the Goswell Hill area of the town early on Sunday 10 September.
Thames Valley Police said officers wanted to speak with the man in the photographs "as a matter of urgency".
Two men aged 28 and 31, who were arrested for murder, have been released on police bail until 15 October.
Image copyright Thames Valley Police Image caption Mohammed Rasheed, 50, was found with fatal head injuries near nightclubs and pubs in the Goswell Hill area of Windsor
Mr Rasheed, from Wembley in north-west London, died in hospital two days after being discovered lying unconscious in a service road at the bottom of the hill at about 02:00 BST.
The force said it believed the man shown in the CCTV may have "crucial information" about the attack.
Det Ch Insp Ailsa Kent said: "If you are the man in the images or you recognise him then please contact us on 101 as a matter of urgency."
Making a fresh appeal for witnesses, she added: "Please think back, do you recall any kind of argument or altercation taking place in that location between those times?"
Comments about ChronoSync 4.7.2
To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person.
Adds security updates and fixes minor bugs to support SFTP protocols. ($49.99 new, free update, 41.2 MB)
Image caption Campaigners make their views felt along with politicians outside the Senedd on Wednesday
Campaigners against plans to downgrade Pembrokeshire's only hospital to a community unit have handed in a 40,000-name petition to the Welsh assembly.
Hywel Dda health board announced proposals in April to radically alter services at its hospitals.
It would mean Withybush Hospital in Haverfordwest losing its status as a round-the-clock general hospital.
A petition is a way of asking the assembly to step in, in this case, overturning the board's decision.
The health board said it realised the "huge strength of feeling" regarding the hospital but its plans were at a consultation stage and "open to influence and new ideas".
About 100 protesters handed in the petition on Wednesday.
Image caption Campaigner Myles Bamford-Lewis delivers the 40,050-signature petition
Among them was Heather Scammell who said her son, now aged 25, had received "fabulous" care as 13-year-old after going into a diabetic coma.
"I have no doubt they saved his life and that's why we need 24-hour paediatric care at Withybush," she said.
Fishguard mayor Jordan Ryan said: "We are here to make clear to Hywel Dda that we are very concerned and we would like them to pause, reflect and genuinely consult on health services in Pembrokeshire and the wider area."
Campaigner Olivia Atkinson said: "The health board have given us three choices but all three choices involve the downgrading of Withybush to a community hospital. That's no choice at all - it's a Hobson's choice. It is going to cost lives."
Fellow campaigner Simon Childs added: "Pembrokeshire is a big rural area with two ferry terminals, a small airport and a liquid gas plant. It is dangerous if we have no A&E department."
Image caption Under the plans Withybush Hospitalwould lose its status as a round-the-clock general hospital
Health board executive medical director Dr Philip Kloer said: "Common to all our proposals is re-purposing Withybush as a community hospital and providing emergency care in a new-build hospital somewhere between Narberth and St Clears.
"Our senior emergency care clinicians believe this would improve care for patients by helping us address our medical recruitment challenges and improving access to senior doctors at the front door.
"It would also offer many other benefits, for example, it would allow us to bring some significant healthcare services closer to Pembrokeshire including our main intensive care unit, some care for stomach and heart problems, ENT, obstetrics, paediatrics and special care baby services."
The health board said it would, will consider all it has heard, including the petitions, before making any final decisions in the autumn.
A stronger dollar and overnight gains in U.S. stocks helped many Asia-Pacific equities as trading returned in full following the Easter Monday holiday.
But there were some noted pockets of weakness, with Australia's S&P/ASX 200 XJO, -1.10% down 1% and Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index HSI, -0.92% off 0.9% in early trading. Both markets were closed Friday and Monday for the holiday.
Australian equities have been dragged down by a selloff in mining stocks amid lower iron-ore prices. Fortescue FMG, -6.36% fell 5.3%, putting the drop in the company's share price for April at 16%.
Chinese steel mills are hunting for higher-grade product to minimize their coking-coal needs after prices of metallurgical coal surged because Cyclone Debbie curbed shipments from Australia. Fortescue responded by offering deeper discounts on its iron ore.
“We expect this trend has further to play out with steel prices still falling,” brokerage Morgans said.
Hong Kong's benchmark Hang Seng index was off as investors there caught up with markets developments in China over the four-day weekend, said Castor Pang, head of research at Core Pacific-Yamaichi International in Hong Kong.
The Shanghai Composite SHCOMP, -0.11% fell a combined 1.6% on Friday and Monday, while Hong Kong trading was closed, amid worries about a crackdown on speculative trading. That index fell a further 0.2% Tuesday morning.
Still, in much of the region, stocks were modestly higher.
The yen has weakened upward of 1% versus other major currencies since the end of Asian trading Monday, helping recently weak export-reliant stocks and financials in Japan.
The Nikkei NIK, +0.15% was recently up 0.3% — with Nomura 8604, +0.80% , Mitsubishi UFJ 8306, +0.95% and Mazda Motor 7261, +1.33% all up some 2% — though well off session highs of a 1% gain.
After softness last week, the mood got a lift when there was little news out of North Korea over the weekend, said Tareck Horchani, head of Asia-Pacific sales trading at Saxo Capital Markets.
But that hardly means things are calm.
“Geopolitical risk hasn't lessened dramatically,” said Tomoichiro Kubota, senior market analyst at Matsui Securities, adding that uncertainties related to North Korea would likely overshadow this week's U.S.-Japan economic dialogue and limit progress in trade talks.
Speaking alongside South Korea's acting president, Hwang Kyo-ahn, in Seoul, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea not to test Donald Trump's resolve “or the strength of the armed forces of the U.S. in this region.”
South Korea's Kospi index SEU, -0.16% was last down 0.1%.
PRINCETON, N.J. — Desmond Cambridge scored 32 points, including the go-ahead 3-pointer in overtime, to lift Brown to a 102-100 win over Princeton on Saturday night.
Trailing by two after a pair of free throws from Princeton's Myles Stephens, Brown (10-9, 3-3 Ivy League) took the lead for good with Cambridge's seventh 3-pointer of the game to make it 101-100 with five seconds left in overtime. Brandon Anderson set the final score with a free throw and clinched the win by rebounding his own missed second shot from the line.
Cambridge forced overtime with a pair of free throws at the end of regulation to tie the game at 90, and finished 10 for 16 from the field. He missed just two of his nine shots from long range and hauled in nine rebounds. Anderson had 25 points, including 12 for 13 from the free-throw line, Obi Okolie had 15 points and Zach Hunsaker scored 11 for Brown, which shot 58 per cent and snapped a two-game skid.
Princeton (11-9, 3-2) got 27 points from Devin Cannady, who led five Tigers in double figures. It marked the first time in program history that Princeton has had two triple-digit games in a single season.
It turns out Mayor de Blasio isn't such a big fan of the Golden Rule: Even as he's engineered a rent freeze for tenants covered by rent-stabilization laws, he's been upping what he charges his own tenants.
Politico reports that the de Blasios have raised the rent of one two-family Park Slope unit in $50 and $75 increments since 2009. Another unit saw a $25 jump in 2015.
Of course, the city Rent Guidelines Board doesn't control leases for buildings with so few units, nor for the de Blasio family home, which the mayor let out for $4,500 a month after he moved to Gracie Mansion.
So Hizzoner is fully within his legal rights — but it's hard to figure out a moral standard that justifies his regular hikes, even as he orders zero increases for others.
The mayor picks all nine members of the rent board, and has made no bones about ordering up a freeze. He has said, “I instructed the Rent Guidelines Board . . . not to follow the biases of the past” and taken credit for the freeze in political literature.
When a legal challenge to the freeze got struck down last month, de Blasio gloated to a Washington Heights crowd: “The court put tenants' needs ahead of the landlords' greed.”
But his own “greed” is apparently OK — even though everyone expects the board to order a continued freeze in June.
Which will feature loudly in his re-election campaign.
Of course, this isn't the only area where the mayor's pocketbook trumps his principles: He's also pointedly not offering to spend his own cash to cover his legal fees from the recent corruption investigations.
Instead, de Blasio's talking about having the City Council change the law to vastly up the legal limit on donations to his legal-defense fund.
The next time the mayor waxes moralistic, keep in mind that he's talking about enforcing virtue for other folks — not himself.
WASHINGTON — On Friday, the House Intelligence Committee made public a memo, prepared by its chairman, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., that raised questions about the FBI's investigation into President Donald Trump's campaign aides for suspected ties to Russia.
The controversial memo was released over the objections of Democrats on the committee, the FBI and some congressional Republicans and has been the source of a bitter partisan fight in recent weeks. Here is a timeline of the key developments leading up to Friday's release of the Nunes memo:
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed House releases controversial GOP intel memo after Trump approval 7:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Jan. 3, 2015: Nunes begins his tenure as chairman of the House Intelligence Committee.
Oct. 29, 2015: Paul Ryan is elected House speaker, replacing John Boehner.
Oct. 21, 2016: According to the memo, the Justice Department and the FBI sought and received a probable cause order authorizing electronic surveillance on Trump campaign aide Carter Page.
Nov. 29, 2016: Nunes is named as a member of the executive committee for President-elect Trump's transition team.
Feb. 16, 2017: After the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, Nunes tells The Wall Street Journal that intelligence officials have been unable to provide evidence of contacts between Russian officials and Trump campaign staff. “If a Russian intel officer was talking to any American, even if they were loosely associated with any campaign, I'd be very interested in that.”
March 1, 2017: Nunes and Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., the ranking member of the intelligence committee, announce that the committee has established parameters for a formal inquiry into Russia's involvement in the 2016 campaign.
March 4, 2017: Trump tweets: “Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my 'wires tapped' in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!”
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017
March 5, 2017: Nunes issues a statement saying that the committee “will make inquiries into whether the [U.S.] government was conducting surveillance activities on any political party's campaign officials or surrogates.”
March 17, 2017: Nunes says in a statement that the committee hasn't received information it requested from the CIA or the FBI to “determine whether information collected on U.S. persons was mishandled and leaked.” But, he adds, the NSA “partially met our request and has committed to fully meet our request by the end of next week.”
March 22, 2017: Nunes announces that he has seen reports from the U.S. intelligence community showing communication from members of the transition team — and possibly from the president himself — were "incidentally collected" as part of a broader surveillance effort. He travels to the White House to meet with the president. Trump tells reporters that he “somewhat” feels vindicated by Nunes. “I very much appreciated the fact that they found what they found, I somewhat do."
Schiff says: “The chairman will either need to decide if he's leading an investigation into conduct which includes allegations of potential coordination between the Trump campaign and the Russians, or he is going to act as a surrogate of the White House. Because he cannot do both.”
March 27, 2017: The White House confirms that Nunes visited the White House on March 21, the day before his announcement about “incidental” collection of transition team communications. Ryan tells reporters the source of the information Nunes announced was a “whistleblower.”
March 30, 2017: The New York Times reports that “a pair of White House officials helped provide” Nunes with intelligence reports showing Trump and his associates were included in incidental collection of surveillance.
April 6, 2017: The House Ethics Committee announces a probe into whether Nunes “may have made unauthorized disclosures of classified information, in violation of House Rules, law, regulations, or other standards of conduct.” Nunes blames the probe on “several left-wing activist groups,” and calls the charges “entirely false and politically motivated.” Still, he says that Rep. Mike Conaway, R-Texas, with assistance from Reps. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., and Tom Rooney, R-Fla., will “temporarily take charge of the committee's Russia investigation.”
Ryan issues a statement: “Devin Nunes has earned my trust over many years for his integrity and dedication to the critical work that the intelligence community does to keep America safe. He continues to have that trust.” Ryan says he “fully supports” his decision to temporarily step aside.
May 17, 2017: Nunes issues a statement on the appointment of Robert Mueller as special counsel. “I strongly support this decision, and I commend Deputy U.S. Attorney General Rosenstein for his leadership.”
Aug. 24, 2017: Nunes issues subpoenas to DOJ and FBI seeking Form FD-1023 interview summaries of meetings between FBI confidential human sources and FBI officials related to the Steele dossier, and additional FD-302s and other analytical and reference documents.
Oct. 24, 2017: Nunes announces that the Intelligence Committee and Judiciary Committee will jointly investigate Uranium One, an Obama-era uranium deal that critics have linked to Bill and Hillary Clinton.
Nov. 2, 2017: The Intelligence Committee interviews Carter Page; transcript is released Nov. 6.
Nov. 8/Nov. 14, 2017: The Intelligence Committee interviews Glenn Simpson; transcript is released Jan. 18.
Dec. 7, 2017: The Ethics Committee issues a statement saying that an analysis of Nunes' public statements “by classification experts in the intelligence community” concluded that information he disclosed was not classified. “The Committee will take no further action and considers this matter closed.”
Nunes repeats that the charges were “frivolous” and says he was “dismayed that it took an unbelievable eight months” to resolve. He asks the Ethics Committee to release all transcripts related to his case.
Dec. 19, 2017: Then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe testifies before the House Intelligence Committee. No transcript is released.
Dec. 28, 2017: Nunes writes a letter to Rosenstein blasting DOJ and the FBI for its “failure to fully provide responsive documents and provide the requested witnesses” in response to the August subpoena. He also seeks interviews with six FBI officials, and details “concerning an apparent April 2017 meeting with the media involving DOJ/FBI personnel, including DOJ Attorney Andrew Weissman. The “delays and discrepancies” and the “intransigence” of the agencies “can no longer be tolerated. … At this point it seems the DOJ and FBI need to be investigating themselves.” He sets a Jan. 3 deadline
Jan. 3: Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray meet with Ryan about Nunes' request. Nunes later releases a statement saying that he spoke with Rosenstein, and believed that the committee reached an agreement to provide “access to all the documents and witnesses we have requested.” Nunes spokesman says the conversation with Rosenstein was by phone.
Jan. 11: The House of Representatives passes reauthorization of the FISA program. Nunes says in a statement that the legislation “provides new, rigorous measures to protect Americans' privacy and to ensure the program is used properly to target foreign terrorists, weapons proliferators, and other threats to Americans' safety and security.”
Jan. 16: The FBI provides congressional committees including Intelligence with 384 pages of new text messages involving FBI lawyer Lisa Page and agent Peter Strzok.
Jan. 29: The House Intelligence Committee votes to send the Nunes memo to the White House. It rejects motions to release a second memo written by Democrats at the same time.
Jan. 30: Ryan says, “There's a very legitimate issue here as to whether or not an American's civil liberties were violated in the FISA process.” He says he sees “no reason” why Rosenstein should be fired but adds: “I think the people at the FBI, at the DOJ need to cleanse their own house if there are problems in their own house.”
Schiff invites House members to review a second classified memo written by his staff.
Feb. 2: After Trump declassifies the memo, the House Intelligence Committee releases it to the public.
Turnbull made the speech at the Midwinter Ball fundraiser hosted by the media at Parliament House in Canberra on Wednesday night.
Both the prime minister and opposition leader traditionally give off the record speeches, where they joke about politicians and the press.
Audio of Turnbull's speech, leaked to Nine's political editor Laurie Oakes, shows the prime minister doing an unflattering impression of the US president.
"The Donald and I, we are winning and winning in the polls," Turnbull joked.
"We are winning so much. We are winning like we have never won before. We are winning in the polls, we are."
He added: "Not the fake polls. Not the fake polls. They're the ones we're not winning in. We're winning in the real polls. You know, the online polls. They are so easy to win. I know that, did you know that? I kind of know that. They are so easy to win. I have this Russian guy. Believe me it's true. It is true."
Turnbull also joked about the pair's famously frosty first phone call when Trump reportedly hung up on the PM. Trump described it as the "the worst call by far" he had made after becoming president.
"It was beautiful," Turnbull said of the pair's first face to face meeting, in New York. "It was the most beautiful putting-me-at-ease ever."
During the May meeting Trump praised Australia's universal health system Medicare, saying it was better than what the US had to offer.
Trump has previously accused Turnbull of attempting to export "the next Boston bombers" to America through the refugee swap deal negotiated by president Obama. The US president described the agreement, which would see the US take in 1,200 refugees from Australia's offshore detention centres, as "the worst deal ever".
Pearson Plc, the world's largest education company, slid on concerns that it's monitoring students' responses to its courseware without their consent.
The shares fell as much as 3.4 percent, the most since early February, after the Washington Post reported on Tuesday that Pearson has been embedding messaging into some versions of its learning software programs to track whether students who had received them performed better than students who hadn't.
Privacy concerns are top of mind for investors following high-profile data breaches, such as the scandal involving Facebook Inc. and Cambridge Analytica, which retained information on millions of the social network's users without their consent.
“This issue is definitely in the spotlight and you don't want to be a company that's dragged into it,” said Ian Whittaker, an analyst at Liberum Capital Ltd. who rates the stock a sell. “Pearson's reputation has not been that great in the U.S. anyway in recent years.”
Digital Quiz
In a statement from a spokesman, Pearson said recent media coverage of the issue had “mischaracterized a relatively minor product update and twisted the work to imply a malicious intent.” The company said it included messages of encouragement after a student selected an incorrect answer in a digital quiz in an effort to improve student success in higher-education courseware.
All results were tracked at a university level -- not on a student-by-student basis -- with no individual or personally identifiable student information collected, Pearson said. The company presented the findings of its research at an educational convention this month in New York, according to the Washington Post report.
Pearson Chief Executive Officer John Fallon has been working to turn around the British education provider as it contends with lower college enrollments in North America, the rise of free online resources and students opting to rent instead of buy textbooks, including from Amazon.com Inc.
Tuesday's drop eats into a run in the stock since mid-February. The shares are still up 6.1 percent this year.
“There's an element of people having done quite well on the stock in the short term so probably are sensitive to any news that could prompt them to get out,” Whittaker said.
× Officials identify 5 children killed in Lebanon mobile home fire
LEBANON, Mo. — Officials have identified the five children that were killed in a mobile home fire in Lebanon, Missouri.
Firefighters responded to the home near I-44 and Elm Street just after 9 a.m. Wednesday.
They pulled six people from the home including five children and one adult. All five children were pronounced dead at the scene; the woman was airlifted to a hospital in Springfield.
The children were identified Thursday as 1-year-old Benjamin Hunt; 5-year-old Ethan Hunt; 2-year-old Maeanna Hunt; Patience Malleck, 6 months; and 1-year-old Andre Malleck.
Lebanon Fire Chief Sam Schneider said a Missouri State Highway Patrol trooper and some civilians tried to rescue the children when firefighters arrived but the fire was too intense.
The Lebanon police and fire departments and Missouri State Fire Marshals are investigating the cause of the fire.
Lebanon is approximately a 3-hour drive southeast of Kansas City.
Previous coverage:
The broadcaster has unveiled its full plans to cover the marriage of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle this May
ITV have unveiled their full plans for coverage of the Royal Wedding between Prince Harry and Meghan Markle this May.
Advertisement
Phillip Schofield and Julie Etchingham will front the live coverage of the wedding on Saturday 19th May from a purpose-built studio in Windsor. The presenting pair also hosted ITV's coverage of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's marriage in 2011.
Speaking about hosting together, Schofield said: “So happy to be back with Julie, my Royal Wedding partner (we don't get to work together very often!) and the brilliant team at ITV News. Put your hat on, we're going to have a party!”
Meanwhile Etchingham added: “I'm delighted to be working on the Royal Wedding – and teaming up again with Philip, just as we did in 2011 and for the Diamond Jubilee. It'll be a day of big celebrations not only in Windsor but around the country – and it'll be huge fun capturing the spirit of a great British occasion.”
The coverage will begin at 9.25am and run until 3pm, with Julie and Phillip joined by a range of guests and reporters including Mary Nightingale, Nina Hossain, Charlotte Hawkins and Rageh Omaar who will be coming live from Sentebale, the charity co-founded by Prince Harry, in Lesotho.
ITV will broadcast an extended late news bulletin later that day, and a special hour-long Royal Wedding highlights show on ITV3.
The broadcaster will also be airing special programmes in the lead-up to the big day, including Invitation to a Royal Wedding.
The one-off, hour-long documentary will be fronted by Sir Trevor McDonald and Etchingham and promises to go behind the scenes of some of the country's biggest and most iconic Royal Weddings of recent times.
Advertisement
Meanwhile two-part special Royal Wives of Windsor and Prince Harry's Story: Four Royal Weddings will also be broadcast.
Image copyright Jim Mailer
A total of £90.2m is being invested into Stirling and Clackmannanshire by the Scottish and UK governments.
The money - £45.1m for each area - is part of the City Region Deals, which are designed to drive economic growth.
The investment will support a new International Environment Centre and a new Aquaculture Innovation Hub.
It will also help develop tourism and culture, and fund a £2m digital district and the creation of digital hubs in Callander and Alloa.
The deal will see land owned by the Ministry of Defence released to the council for housing and business, and there will be support for disadvantaged groups in Clackmannanshire to access work.
The two governments will work in partnership with Stirling and Clackmannanshire councils.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell said: "The ambitious and innovative deal will drive economic growth across the region, creating jobs and boosting prosperity for generations to come. It is now for Stirling and Clackmannanshire to get on with the hard work needed to turn these proposals into a reality.
"Today's announcement brings the UK government's investment in UK City Region Deals in Scotland to more than £1bn. All of Scotland's seven cities either have, or are in negotiation for, a deal. And talks are also under way on the Borderlands and Ayrshire growth deals."
He added: "The UK government is working hard to boost economic growth right across the UK. We want to work with the Scottish government where we can to ensure the sustainability and prosperity of Scotland's economy."
'New chapter'
Scottish Economy Secretary Keith Brown said: "Scotland's cities and regional communities are the engines of our economy. Today's Stirling and Clackmannanshire City Region Deal demonstrates our clear and strong commitment to supporting and growing the regional economy.
"That is why the Scottish government has agreed to invest £45.1m as part of a £90.2m City Region Deal that will deliver significant long-term benefits for Stirling and Clackmannanshire and Scotland as a whole.
"This deal has the power to build on the area's socio-economic strengths and expertise, developing them to transfer the economy, bringing sustained economic growth and positive social impact to all of its communities."
Stirling Council leader, Scott Farmer, said: "This deal will help Stirling Council write the first page of a fresh new chapter in this area's ancient, famous and storied history. Today we focus on our future by using this investment to not just build on what we have and know, but to expand, grow and truly flourish in the modern world.
"Our aim is to bring change and innovation to the people, businesses and communities of the entire region and the funding brought forward with the City Region Deal puts the power in our hands to achieve that."
Clackmannanshire Council leader Ellen Forson added: "I believe that the joint City Deal bid provides a unique opportunity to promote shared and sustainable growth in our region over the next 10 years and beyond, building on Clackmannanshire's strengths whilst helping to change the lives of our disadvantaged and excluded residents."
By JODIE VALADE
Associated Press
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) - Kemba Walker scored 41 points on 11-for-22 shooting and the Charlotte Hornets beat the Indiana Pacers 133-126 with the help of a record-setting first quarter Friday night.
Buoyed by 16 points from Nicolas Batum, the Hornets scored 49 points in the first, a franchise-best for a quarter. Charlotte connected on 7 of 11 from 3-point range and hit 19 of 23 from the field in that stretch. It marked the highest point total for an NBA team in any quarter this season.
Four other Hornets players scored in double-digits, led by Batum's 31 points and Dwight Howard's 12 points and 11 rebounds. Charlotte won its second game in a row.
Victor Oladipo had 35 points for the Pacers, who halted a three-game winning streak. Myles Turner added 19 points and 11 rebounds for Indiana.
Charlotte led 49-37 after the first, as the Pacers came within a point of matching the most first-quarter points by a hornet opponent this season.
The Pacers outscored the Hornets 34-25 in the third quarter, led by 13 points from Oladipo, to narrow Charlotte's advantage to 96-91. Cory Joseph's free throws cut Indiana's deficit to 128-124 with 40 seconds left, but Charlotte hit five free throws after that to ice it.
TIP-INS:
Pacers: Indiana coach Nate McMillan missed the game for personal reasons. Longtime assistant Dan Burke served as acting head coach. ... Center Al Jefferson, who played for Charlotte 2013-16, received a loud ovation when he entered the game at the end of the second quarter.
Hornets: The 49-point first bettered a 47-point fourth quarter Charlotte had on Dec. 4, 1991 against the Los Angeles Lakers. ... Batum was 11-of-18 shooting. ... C Cody Zeller returned to the lineup after missing 27 games because of left knee surgery to repair torn meniscus. The Hornets were 12-15 without Zeller in that stretch. Zeller totaled five points and three rebounds in 16 minutes. ... Marvin Williams missed his second straight game with a left ankle sprain. Coach Steve Clifford said Williams is not expected to miss significant time. ... Dwight Howard's 11th consecutive double-double - the longest active streak in the NBA - was his 33rd of the season.
UP NEXT
Pacers: Back home Saturday to host Philadelphia for a quick two-game homestand.
Hornets: Travel to Phoenix on Sunday for the first of a four-game West Coast road trip.
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TEHRAN, Iran — Iran's Foreign Ministry said Monday it will raise the case of a detained British-Iranian woman with the judiciary “out of humanitarian concerns” following a visit by Britain's foreign secretary.
Ministry spokesman Bahram Ghasemi said the final decision on whether to release Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who is serving a five-year sentence for allegedly plotting to overthrow the government, rests with the judiciary.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe “is considered an Iranian national and should serve her prison conviction according to the judicial system of Iran,” he added.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson raised the case during a two-day visit to Iran that concluded Sunday. Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a charity worker, was detained in April 2016. Her family has denied the allegations against her.
She is among several dual nationals held in Iran, where the judiciary and security forces are dominated by anti-Western hard-liners. It's unclear whether Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, a relative moderate, can secure her release.
Johnson recently complicated efforts to free her by saying incorrectly that she was training journalists when arrested. He has since apologized.
Britain and Iran have discussed the release of some 400 million pounds ($530 million) held by London, a payment Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi made for Chieftain tanks that were never delivered. The shah abandoned the throne in 1979 and the Islamic Revolution soon installed the clerically overseen system that endures today.
Authorities in London and Tehran deny the payment has any link to Zaghari-Ratcliffe.
However, the United States made a $400 million transfer to Iran in January 2016 when Iran freed Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian and three other Iranian-Americans. That money too involved undelivered military equipment from the shah's era. Some U.S. politicians criticized the transfer, calling it a ransom payment.
RAYNE - Funeral services will be held on Tuesday, Dec. 12, 2017 at a 10:30 a.m. Mass of Christian Burial at St. Joseph Catholic Church in Rayne for Anna Cormier Menard, 92, who died Thursday, Dec. 7, 2017 at Rayne Guest Home in Rayne.
Interment will be in the St. Joseph Cemetery #2 in Rayne.
Rev. Christopher Cambre, Associate Pastor of St. Joseph Catholic Church in Rayne, will be the Celebrant of the Funeral Mass and will conduct the funeral services.
Survivors include two sons, Carroll Menard and wife Elaine, and Chris Menard and Melissa; seven grandchildren; seven great-grandchildren; and two sisters, Marie Johnson and Rita Cormier and husband Eric.
She was preceded in death by her husband, Howard Menard; daughter, Brenda Hollier; son, Patrick Menard; father, Joseph Cormier; mother, Elise Credeur Cormier; eight brothers, Albert Cormier, Gertis Cormier Sr., Percy Cormier, Louis Cormier, August Cormier, Fernest “Johnny” Cormier, Gilbert “Gil” Cormier and Junius Comeaux.
A Rosary will be prayed Monday, Dec. 11, at 7 p.m. in Gossen Funeral Home in Rayne.
The family requests visitation be observed in Gossen Funeral Home in Rayne on Monday Dec. 11, from 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. and on Tuesday, Dec. 12, from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m.
Friends may view the obituary and guestbook online at www.gossenfuneralhome.net.
Arrangements have been entrusted to Gossen Funeral Home, Inc. of Rayne, LA, (337) 334-3141.
Image copyright family photo Image caption Agnes De Schuymer and Danny Pieraerts (pictured on the right) died after colliding with a car on the A543
A family has been reunited with a camera containing images of relatives who died in a motorcycle collision.
Danny Pieraerts, 65, and his 64-year old wife Agnes De Schuymer, both from Belgium, were killed in the crash on the A543 between Groes and Denbigh in April.
The camera was found on 2 July in a field near the crash scene.
Photographs show some of the last images taken of the pair just prior to the collision.
The couple were on a road trip celebrating their 45th wedding anniversary when they collided with a car.
A local contractor found the camera while cutting hay as the machinery had a metal detector attached.
Image copyright Google Image caption The couple were travelling towards Denbigh on the A543
North Wales Police had issued an appeal to help find the Sony Cybershot camera which contained the poignant photographs.
Family Liaison Officer PC Jo Roberts said: "We were so pleased to be able to tell the family that the camera had been found and that we had been able to download the photographs.
"The family wished to express their thanks to everybody for their help in locating the camera.
"The contractor had remembered reading about the appeal so he called his wife and she collected it and took it to Denbigh Police Station."
North Wales Police have sent the photographs to Belgium.
Betsy Brandt has the mother of all roles on CBS' 'Life in Pieces' There's been a recurring theme of late to Betsy Brandt's TV relationships: guys named Hank and marriages to bald dudes. Not only did Brandt famously play Marie Schrader — the...
Best 'Sex' ever: Caplan & Sheen are 'Masters' of their domain “We are the sexual revolution,” declares Virginia Johnson (Lizzy Caplan) in the third-season premiere of “Masters of Sex.” With her research and bed partner, Dr. William Masters (Michael Sheen), Johnson...
'Michael J. Fox Show' creator: Struggling show's mojo is rising The talk swirling around “The Michael J. Fox Show” since its September launch has been more about its ratings struggles than its quality. It's a discussion series co-creator/executive producer Sam...
Move could help 'The Michael J. Fox Show' NBC's launch of “The Michael J. Fox Show” was one of the fall's biggest TV stories. It not only marked Michael J. Fox's first starring series gig since “Spin City,”...
'Michael J. Fox Show' provides reliable laughs ‘Sitcom legend Michael J. Fox makes his triumphant return to series television Thursday night on NBC.” That's in quotation marks, because it's written exactly how Fox doesn't want to be...
Your favorite TV actors return to the small screen Chloe Bennet OLD SHOW: “Nashville,” ABC Bennet — a former teen pop star in China — played Hailey, the mid-season girlfriend of handsome singer Gunnar (Sam Palladio). But the romance,...
John Legend, Adele gushes over Beyoncé's publicist “Everyone who knows her knows that she spreads light and love in everything she does,” John Legend said.
Adele will always love Dolly Parton “We wish we could possess an ounce of your ability,” Adele captioned a photo in which she dressed like her idol.
Beyoncé is the highest-paid woman in music LOS ANGELES — Beyonce's hit album “Lemonade” and world tour made her the highest-paid woman in music in 2017, according to an annual Forbes list on Monday, edging out Britain's...
Taylor Swift's 'Reputation' just cracked 1 million sales She's barely uttered a word in public for 18 months, but Taylor Swift is still causing a ruckus on the charts. On Tuesday, Nielsen Music announced that the singer's sixth...
Adele turns down $1M private gig to weed her garden The 29-year-old Londoner is said to have been offered a whopping $1.3 million to sing in front of Arab billionaires.
Tracey Ullman is a woman of many faces Dames Judi Dench and Maggie Smith, or German Chancellor Angela Merkel, could do a lot worse than have mischievous mimic Tracey Ullman take them on. With her perfect ear for...
Adele set to become Las Vegas' highest-paid resident The Wynn Hotel is looking to sign the London-born diva for a 12-month residency.
Drummer to showcase art on rocker subjects “In Tune With the Portraits” will show at Salomon Arts Gallery in Tribeca.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Major changes could be ahead for Indianapolis Public Schools. The IPS Facilities Utilization Task force will meet Tuesday at 6 p.m. at Thomas D. Gregg School 15. At that meeting, the task force will present recent findings in front of the Board of School Commissioners.
The task force first met in September of 2016. Since that time they have compiled a report that covers a range of topics, such as population trends, enrollment numbers and demographics information.
Their goal is to improve the learning environment for students, find ways to maximize high school facilities and determine how to save tax dollars by cutting down on operational costs.
Ultimately, the task force suggests IPS close three high schools. Most IPS high schools operate at less than 50 percent capacity.
The report stated that the district could save $4 million annually. That money could then be redirected to other needs in the district.
The task force aims to have this completed by the 2018-2019 school year. The meeting Tuesday night is one of a series that will happen now until September.
To read the report, click here.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
RGC have recorded the biggest result in the history of North Wales rugby after they secured the WRU National Cup.
The Gogs triumph 15-11 over Pontypridd in what was their first ever final appearance, and Mark Jones' side produced another resolute display to send the thousands of fans who travelled to the Principality Premiership into delirious celebration.
The result is the icing on the cake for what has been a memorable debut campaign in the Principality Premiership, which has boosted the sport in the region considerably.
Scrum-half Alex Schwartz thought he had given the Gogs a perfect start on two minutes when he touched down for a try on nine minutes, only for the effort to be ruled out following a TV replay.
A cagey opening brought little in the way of opportunities for both sides, with New Zealander Jacob Botica opening the scoring with a well-struck penalty on 23 minutes.
Things got even better for RGC soon after when they scored their first try of the contest after good approach play from Botica found Tiaan Loots, and the talented back demonstrated his power by crashing under the posts on 31 minutes. The fly-half comfortably adding the extras.
Ponty, who had missed a number of penalties throughout the half, finally got on the scoreboard when Ben Jones finally converted a free-kick on 35 minutes.
The Gogs were a man down shortly before the break when winger Rhys Williams received a yellow card, and their rivals wasted no time in getting back into the tie when Cameron Lewis crossed the white wash after clever play following a lineout.
After the break saw RGC down to 13 after legendary prop Phil John was sent to the sin bin, which also led to Jones' second penalty of the game to give the South Wales side the lead for the first time.
Jones' men held firm under relentless pressure, and despite being a man down they scored again when a powerful surge from the pack resulted in Ross Davies touching down.
That proved to be the end to the scoring in what was an incredibly nervy end to proceedings, which saw the Gogs crowned champions after a pulsating and bruising encounter.
Trump promises ‘new revelations' on Russian hacking
U.S. President-elect Donald Trump says that he knew “things that other people don't know” about the Russian hacking. He promised that the information would be revealed “on Tuesday or Wednesday”. Speaking outside his Palm Beach, Florida club, Mar-a-Lago during the New Year party, Trump who expressed lingering skepticism about intelligence assessments of Russian interference in…
The post Trump promises ‘new revelations' on Russian hacking appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
Meet Bear Grylls' adventure cameraman protégé To host a wildlife entertainment show, you can't get much better training than shadowing Bear Grylls for a decade. Mungo (real name: Paul Mungeam) has worked as an adventure cameraman...
What to watch after the Olympic flame is extinguished NBC's Olympics coverage has dominated television since Aug. 5 — but that will all end with this Sunday's closing ceremonies. If you've been avoiding the games — and are now...
Bear Grylls on that time Courteney Cox ate a scrotum full of maggots To participate in “Running Wild with Bear Grylls” has become something of a badge of honor in Hollywood, an experience that can take celebrities out of their comfort zone, with...
How Obama lost his TV mojo It used to be a big deal when President Obama notched another “first sitting president to . . .” precedent on television. Whether it was gabbing on Jay Leno's “Tonight Show” couch...
The year's TV winners and losers A handful of clever entertainers made 2015 all their own on TV — with performances and programs that either pushed the medium into new territory or revived familiar formats with...
Meet the one-man killing machine of 'Fargo,' plus more to watch this week Fargo Monday, 10 p.m., FX Hanzee Dent (Zahn McClarnon) wasn't much of a talker. What the lean, long-haired Native American excelled at was killing. He was never far from his...
Obama makes reality show history with Bear Grylls Donald Trump may be the first reality TV presidential candidate — but President Barack Obama now has some Hollywood cred of his own since becoming the first sitting president to...
TV networks save top attractions for end of the year Time was the networks would roll out their show-stopping attractions and talent-packed specials in November. But this year they have saved the best for last. The lineup of talent in...
The Buccaneers capped of the 2016 season with a 17-16 win over the Panthers and it may not have been possible if not for a very sneaky video board operator. At least according to Panthers kicker Graham Gano, who missed three of his four field goal attempts during the game.
Via The Charlotte Observer:
Gano said the end zone video boards were showing live footage of his placements, while displaying the Buccaneers' logo against a solid red background when the Bucs' Roberto Aguayo lined up. Why is that a big deal? Gano said it had the distracting effect of making him look at two sets of goalposts – the actual posts and those on the screen. “You look out there, there's two (sets of) uprights you're looking at,” he said. “I know the league talked to them about it before when we played here a couple years ago. So it's a bit bush-league. But once again, it's not a reason why I performed poorly. It just adds another element.”
And, in case you were wondering, yes, that is a violation of league rules.
Sunday night, a league official confirmed that using video boards to distract the visiting team's kicker is prohibited and the league recommends a shot that shows all 22 players. “Distracting video includes, but is not limited to, extreme close-ups of the face of the visiting team's kicker and fast zooming in and out,” Michael Signora wrote in an email Sunday night.”
The missed field goals ended up benefitting the Panthers. They will now pick eighth in the 2017 NFL draft after falling to 6-10 on the season, while a win would have dropped them back into the teens.
(Thanks to The Charlotte Observer for sharing)
Explosion at New York bus terminal was terrorist attack, officials say
New York, Dec 11 (EFE).- A terrorist attack targeting the Port Authority Bus Terminal, New York City's main bus depot, left four people, including the would-be suicide bomber, wounded on Monday, officials said.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said. “Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals.”
Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old man who emigrated to the United States from Bangladesh in 2011, set off a pipe bomb strapped to his body, officials said.
The suspect, whose wounds are not life threatening, is under arrest, the New York Police Department (NYPD) said.
Ullah detonated the “effectively low tech device” in a subway passageway just before 7:30 am, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said in a press conference.
“This is New York, the reality is that we are a target by many who would like to make a statement against democracy, against freedom,” Cuomo said in a press conference.
Ullah was apparently inspired by the Islamic State (IS) terror group to carry out the attack, Cuomo said.
Investigators suspect that Ullah made the bomb with instructions obtained over the Internet, but the device malfunctioned, the governor said.
NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill said the suspect shouted slogans expressing his support for IS before the attack, but he did not provide details.
Initial reports said Ullah was the only person wounded in the explosion, but emergency services officials later revised the figure upward to four.
The blast occurred during the peak rush hour period as hundreds of thousands of commuters headed to work in Manhattan.
The NYPD cordoned off the busy bus terminal and ordered the public to avoid the area, which is near Times Square.
On Oct. 31, Sayfullo Saipov allegedly used a pick-up truck to run down pedestrians and cyclists on a bike trail in Lower Manhattan along the Hudson River, killing eight people and injuring at least 12 others.
Saipov, an Uzbek immigrant, followed instructions provided over social media by the IS jihadist group, police said.
Saipov, who arrived in the US in March 2010, left handwritten notes in Arabic in the truck that said the “Islamic State would endure forever,” officials said.
The attack was the worst terrorist incident in New York since Sept. 11, 2001, when Al Qaeda suicide hijackers crashed jetliners into the World Trade Center's twin towers in Lower Manhattan, destroying the iconic buildings and killing about 3,000 people, the NYPD said.
Saipov yelled “Allahu Akbar” (“God is great”) when he came out of the truck after running over his victims on the bike path next to Stuyvesant High School and then crashing the vehicle into a school bus, eyewitnesses said.
Saipov was shot and wounded by a police officer, and he was transported to a hospital.
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how he viewed the car attack in Charlottesville, Va., here's how he responded:
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," he told ABC's Good Morning America.
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. At Saturday's rally organized by white supremacists, a car slammed into counterprotesters, killing one and injuring 19.
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts, it's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism, because no such criminal law exists.
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism, and under this designation, the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate, said Neal Katyal, a Georgetown University law professor who served as former President Barack Obama's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department.
He said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case.
"No. 1, this is a hate crime, under the hate crime statutes," he said. "The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights."
"And the third is, this is an act of domestic terror, which isn't itself a crime," he noted. In short, the government can't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism, but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect, but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with.
In an email to NPR, the Justice Department made the same point.
The commonwealth of Virginia, meanwhile, has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes.
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism. After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad.
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups, all foreign, that are identified as terrorist organizations. The vast majority are radical Islamists. And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups.
Consider this hypothetical: If the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said he was acting on behalf of the Islamic State, he could be charged with international terrorism, according to Katyal.
Inside the U.S., the political debate appears to be shifting, with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism. But that's almost entirely a political discussion, not a legal one.
On the legal front, there's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism.
"It's an incredibly broad label," said Hina Shamsi, director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union. "There's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology, theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts."
She said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion. The ACLU opposes any such law, believing it could be politicized and used, for example, against anti-war groups or environmental activists.
Back in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City, it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point.
Yet he was charged with, convicted of and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism.
The government has historically used the term "terrorism" as a general description for a range of violent acts, including those by right-wing extremists, as well as environmental, anti-abortion and far-left groups. But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism.
Another case came to light Monday, when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday.
The bomb didn't detonate, the department said. But its description of the case is similar to McVeigh's attack, claiming the suspect, Jerry Varnell, 23, was angry with the government.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what's being described as a "domestic terrorism investigation." Yet the formal charge against Varnell is "attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce."
Not terrorism.
Adrian Grenier thinks he 'pioneered' Williamsburg "We used to have to walk three miles backward in the snow for a cup of coffee when we lived here," he said. "Now there's like baristas and cold brew."
Adrian Grenier slammed for controversial 9/11 tribute On social media he wrote, “R.I.P. the 2,996 Americans who died in 9/11. R.I.P. the 1,455,590 innocent Iraqis who died during the U.S. invasion for something they didn't do.”
Sorry, dudes: 'Entourage' is just another boring bromance I once watched eight episodes of “Entourage” in an afternoon without checking my watch. The film, though, goes by so slowly that I spent as much time checking my wrist...
Does anyone even care about 'Entourage' anymore? Bros are forever. The guys may be older in the new “Entourage” flick, but 38-year-old leading man Adrian Grenier says the character's skirt-chasing shtick is fresh as ever. “I don't...
Leah Remini's Scientology show gets renewed for third season Days after the Church of Scientology announced it was starting its own television network, A&E renewed a series dedicated to taking down the controversial religious group.
Nielsen ratings show Viceland's reach for millennials fell short Vice's big promise that it would bring massive millennial cord-cutting audiences to TV isn't working. The Post has obtained Nielsen ratings for Viceland, Vice's 24-hour cable channel on A+E Networks,...
A&E loses top marketing executive A&E Networks' Chief Marketing Officer Amanda Hill is leaving the company after an 18-month stint, The Post has learned. A&E, which confirmed the news, said Hill is packing up in...
Why Elizabeth Smart is narrating a movie about her abduction The Elizabeth Smart story is one of the most famous abduction cases in recent American history, dominating news cycles in 2002 and 2003. Unlike more than half of other kidnappings,...
Rob Lowe is hunting for ghosts, aliens and Bigfoot The docuseries will feature the actor and his sons Matthew and John Owen looking for proof of paranormal creatures.
Adriana Lima ends dramatic week with a new TV gig Lima will be joined on the show by Beyoncé's makeup artist Sir John, who will serve as a mentor.
Obama scores another $400K speaking fee amid criticism Even as President Obama faced criticism for getting $400,000 for a speech to a Wall Street bank, he pocketed the same amount of money for a second speech, The Post...
Why Rihanna's 'Bates Motel' turn can't top the original Warning: Spoilers ahead from Episode 505 of “Bates Motel” Janet Leigh received an Oscar nomination for her performance as the doomed bank robber Marion Crane in Alfred Hitchcock's masterpiece “Psycho.”...
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
The CRISPR//Cas9 gene editing tool has quickly earned a reputation as a revolutionary technology, and its merits support the clout. This year has, in fact, seen so many CRISPR-related breakthroughs that it's worthwhile to take a step back and take in all of the many accomplishments.
1. This week, circulating reports about the successful application of gene-editing human embryos in the US were confirmed by a research paper published in Nature. The researchers “corrected” one-cell embryo DNA to remove the MYBPC3 gene — known to cause hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM), a heart disease that affects 1 in 500 people.
2. This year, scientists successfully used gene editing to completely extract HIV from a living organism, with repeated success across three different animal models. In addition to the complete removal of the virus DNA, the team also prevented the progress of acute latent infection.
3. Semi-synthetic organisms were developed by breeding E.coli bacteria with an anomalous six-letter genetic code, instead of the normal four-base sequence. Additional gene editing was implemented to ensure that the new DNA molecules were not identified as an invasive presence.
4. The CRISPR method successfully targeted the “command center” of cancer — called the hybrid fusion — which leads to abnormal tumor growths. A “cut-and-paste” method allowed the creation of a cancer-annihilating gene that shrinks tumors in mice carrying human prostate and liver cancer cells.
5. Scientists also slowed the growth of cancerous cells, by targeting Tudor-SN, a key protein in cell division. It's expected that this technique could also slow the growth of fast-growing cells.
6. Gene editing techniques have also made superbugs kill themselves. By adding antibiotic resistant gene sequences into bacteriophage viruses, self-destructive mechanisms are triggered which protect bacteria.
7. Gene editing may even make mosquito-born diseases an extinct phenomenon. By hacking fertility genes, scientists have gained the ability to limit the spread of mosquitoes — a success they credit to CRISPR's ability to make multiple genetic code changes simultaneously.
8. Using CRISPR, researchers have edited out Huntington's disease from mice, pushing the symptomatic progression of the condition into reverse. Experts expect this promising technique to be applied to humans in the near future.
9. Outside of the medical field, CRISPR might also provide a more abundant and sustainable biofuel. By connecting several gene-editing tools, scientists engineered algae that produce twice the biofuel material as wild (or “natural”) counterparts.
Flickr: Sarah Fulcher
10. Very recently, the first-ever “molecular recorder” was developed — a gene editing process that encodes a film directly into DNA code — and with this ability, scientists embedded information into an E.coli genome.
11. Last but not least, and on the macro-scale, the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) invested $65 million in a project called “safe genes,” designed to improve the accuracy and safety of CRISPR editing techniques. In addition to serving the public interest of avoiding accidental or intentional (cue ominous music) misuse, the seven research teams will remove engineered genes from environments to return them to baseline “natural” levels.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Could The First Human Embryo Editing Experiment in U.S Mean a 'Designer Babies' Future is Close? 00:01:46
This article was originally published on Futurism.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Grayson County, Texas - A Bells Texas police officer was arrested over the weekend, accused improper photo/visual recording.
Investigators say Scott Kilmer was working an off duty job at a business outside Van Alstyne, when someone complained he was videotaping up a woman's dress.
More details this afternoon starting at 5:00 on KTEN News.
Chinese tech giant Baidu is establishing a quantum computing institute and has appointed UTS Professor Runyao Duan as its inaugural director.
Baidu – the second largest search engine in the world – announced this month that it was launching an Institute for Quantum Computing, with the ambition for it to become a world-leading research centre within five years.
The company is seeking to apply the potential benefits of quantum technology across its businesses, from online search to artificial intelligence, following similar moves from its rivals Alibaba and Tencent.
Thrilled to announce the launch of Baidu Quantum Computing Institute, focusing on #QuantumComuputing software & #InformationTechnology applications. We're proud to have Prof. Duan Runyao of Univ of Tech Sydney @ the helm & look forward to integrating the tech into our business — Baidu Inc. (@Baidu_Inc) March 8, 2018
In his new role, Duan will report directly to Ya-Qin Zhang, president of Baidu.
Duan has been at UTS since 2008 when he joined as a senior a lecturer. He later became director of the university's Centre for Quantum Computation and Intelligent Systems.
In late 2016 he became founding director of spin-off lab, the Centre for Quantum Software and Information (UTS:QSI). Last week the centre launched a quantum programming environment.
Our fearless leader Prof Runyao Duan leading the celebration of QSI's first birthday! pic.twitter.com/mj96Gk5Cu1 — UTS:QSI (@UTS_QSI) December 12, 2017
Duan's research interests cover quantum information theory, quantum state/operation discrimination, quantum zero-error information theory and measurement-based quantum computation.
UTS confirmed that Duan is on extended leave from UTS:QSI, with Professor Zhengfeng Ji filling in as Acting Director.
Last month, Baidu rival Alibaba made an 11 qubit computer available via the cloud, in partnership with the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
WEST CARROLLTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Dogs can dive, swim, and play at a local pool in September.
The city of West Carrollton is hosting its annual Doggie Dive event at Wilson Pool where dogs can enter and compete in contests.
The dog event is September 9 from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. and owners should have their dogs on non-retractable leashes.
Each family will pay a $5 entrance fee and a portion of those proceeds will benefit local dog organizations. Since 2008, the city has donated more than $14,500 to local dog organizations.
More information about the event, click here.
ROCKWALL, Texas (WCMH) — A girls' soccer coach at a Texas high school has been placed on leave after a team photo surfaced that some in the community find offensive.
The photo shows the girls' varsity soccer team at Rockwall Heath High School giving the camera the middle finger as their coach stands behind them.
“Even if the kids are 18, that should not be happening in school at all,” parent Todd Christian told KTVT. “I believe the man should be fired on the spot.”
Coach Marco Duran was not fired, but he was placed on paid leave per the school district's policy.
According to the school's website, Duran has been a coach and teacher for 16 years and has been at Rockwall Heath High School for 10 of those years.
“I would have to say, looking at the photo and looking at the man smiling, he absolutely had to not be using judgement,” Christian said.
Many parents agreed with Christian and were upset about the photo, but some have come to Duran's defense. They claim Duran was photobombing — something he is known to frequently do — when the picture was snapped and had no idea the girls were flipping the bird.
Other parents aren't upset over the photo but they still question Duran's judgement.
“Because, of course, social media, everybody sees everything,” said Ashanti Wright. “All it takes is one post and it's gone everywhere. Obviously he didn't care enough about his job or his students to not let them post something like that.”
The school district said it has taken actions against the students in the photo, but declined to provide more details.
BUSINESS
Russian bookmaker Liga Stavok says its online operations accounted for 60% of its business in 2017 and will likely rise to 80% in future.
On Monday, Liga Stavok VP Dmitry Pavlovsky held a press conference at which he extolled the company's strong performance through the first 11 months of 2017. Liga Stavok was the first bookmaker to receive an official Russian online betting license in 2016 and Pavlovsky was particularly impressed by how the site's digital division performed this year.
According to Pavlovsky, Liga Stavok's online growth topped 500% this year, although he credited much of that eyebrow-raising statistic to growing from “a small base.” Regardless, Pavlovsky said digital operations accounted for 60% of the company's business in 2017, and he projected the online/land-based split would eventually settle “at a ratio of 80 to 20,” based on its current monthly growth rate of 10-20%.
Of online wagers, 60% were placed via mobile devices. The company has taken wagers from over 4m customers since its launch, while November 2017 set a record with 210k customers placing at least one wager, up from the last year's monthly high of 150-160k.
Russian punters are most interested in Russian Premier League football action, with betting volumes 80% greater than those placed on English Premier League matches. Pavlovsky said 2017's Russian Premier League betting volume had risen 96% year-on-year, while the number of customers betting on local football was up nearly one-quarter.
With this kind of numbers, it's probably no surprise that Liga Stavok is looking to extend its title sponsorship of the Russian Premier League. The company only signed on as League partner in June but League president Sergei Pryadkin said the deal had been “very productive for both sides” and the parties were already discussing “the possibility of prolonging the current contract,” which is set to expire at the end of the 2017-18 season.
It probably didn't hurt that last week saw Liga Stavok named the top sports betting operator by the organizers of Mark No 1 in Russia, who run an annual consumer survey of brand awareness and trust levels. The awards are to be officially handed out at the State Kremlin Court on Saturday.
Comments
ON BOARD THE AQUARIUS: On board the Aquarius, one of the last NGO ships still operating off the coast of Libya, rescuers are worried they are not seeing any more boatloads of migrants at sea.
Libya's navy, last week, ordered foreign vessels to stay out of a coastal “search-and-rescue zone” for migrants headed for Europe, a measure aimed at non-governmental organizations (NGOs) it accuses of facilitating traffickers in illegal migration.
One by one, the NGOs halted operations, except the Aquarius. The 68-meter orange boat, formerly used by the German coast guard, sailed alone off the Libyan coast on Sunday.
“For the moment, we are continuing our patrol operation in international waters,” said Nicola Stall, search and rescue coordinator for the Aquarius, which is operated by SOS Mediterranee and Doctors Without Borders (MSF).
And so the Aquarius team of rescuers keeps up its two-hour rotation, day and night, to watch for migrants floating on overcrowded and unseaworthy boats.
MSF workers, meanwhile, check their stocks of medications, while other volunteers give the bridge a fresh coat of paint.
As they wait, they are concerned about the calm sea and the favorable winds of the past few days. Despite such weather conditions, they have not seen a migrant boat for a week now.
“It's very hard to know what is going on in Libya,” says Marcella Kraay, the MSF chief on board. Even during the bad weather in winter, they have never gone more than three weeks without rescuing hundreds of migrants.
“What we're seeing at sea is that it seems fewer small boats are leaving Libya, and those that do leave are intercepted by the Libyan coast guards,” she says, adding that they were trying to get Libya to clarify the zone that foreign ships are barred from.
The Aquarius may be joined by vessels from the Spanish charity Proactiva Open Arms, which was expected to resume operations on Monday.
Last week Libyan coast guards frightened off most NGO rescue ships when they fired shots in the air opposite one vessel, warning that they would target it directly the next time.
The Aquarius has an emergency plan so everyone on board can lock themselves in should the ship be boarded.
There are about a dozen people from the two NGOs, from several European countries as well as the US and Australia.
Sailors volunteer their time to SOS Mediterranee, while the MSF team includes doctors as well as logistical and technical people, veterans of humanitarian crises such as the Ebola epidemic and the Iraqi battle at Mosul.
The ship's captain hails from Belarus and the roughly 10 crew members are mostly Slavs, hired with the boat but having chosen to take part in this rescue mission, which has been going on since last year.
At night, the Aquarius keeps about 30 miles from the Libyan coast, mainly to avoid fishermen's nets. During the day, it moves closer so the coastline is visible, but stays about 24 miles away unless the Italian coast guard calls on them to help with rescues nearer shore.
Six years since a revolution that toppled longtime dictator Muammar Qaddafi, Libya has become a key departure point for migrants risking their lives to cross the Mediterranean to Europe.
Italy, which has borne the brunt of the migrant influx from north Africa, has welcomed Libya's decision to bar NGO ships and invest more in its coast guard.
The number of migrants reaching Italy is down compared with last year. So far in August, authorities say there have been 1,700 arrivals, far from the 21,300 recorded for the entire month in 2016.
But for humanitarian groups, what happens to migrants returned to or kept in camps in Libya is even more worrying.
“Fewer ships in the area will mean more people will drown at sea. And those taken back by the Libyan coast guards will be kept in captivity, and again exposed to violence, abuse, maltreatment, extortion,” says MSF's Kraay. “This is really a grave concern.”
ON BOARD THE AQUARIUS: On board the Aquarius, one of the last NGO ships still operating off the coast of Libya, rescuers are worried they are not seeing any more boatloads of migrants at sea.
Libya's navy, last week, ordered foreign vessels to stay out of a coastal “search-and-rescue zone” for migrants headed for Europe, a measure aimed at non-governmental organizations (NGOs) it accuses of facilitating traffickers in illegal migration.
One by one, the NGOs halted operations, except the Aquarius. The 68-meter orange boat, formerly used by the German coast guard, sailed alone off the Libyan coast on Sunday.
“For the moment, we are continuing our patrol operation in international waters,” said Nicola Stall, search and rescue coordinator for the Aquarius, which is operated by SOS Mediterranee and Doctors Without Borders (MSF).
And so the Aquarius team of rescuers keeps up its two-hour rotation, day and night, to watch for migrants floating on overcrowded and unseaworthy boats.
MSF workers, meanwhile, check their stocks of medications, while other volunteers give the bridge a fresh coat of paint.
As they wait, they are concerned about the calm sea and the favorable winds of the past few days. Despite such weather conditions, they have not seen a migrant boat for a week now.
“It's very hard to know what is going on in Libya,” says Marcella Kraay, the MSF chief on board. Even during the bad weather in winter, they have never gone more than three weeks without rescuing hundreds of migrants.
“What we're seeing at sea is that it seems fewer small boats are leaving Libya, and those that do leave are intercepted by the Libyan coast guards,” she says, adding that they were trying to get Libya to clarify the zone that foreign ships are barred from.
The Aquarius may be joined by vessels from the Spanish charity Proactiva Open Arms, which was expected to resume operations on Monday.
Last week Libyan coast guards frightened off most NGO rescue ships when they fired shots in the air opposite one vessel, warning that they would target it directly the next time.
The Aquarius has an emergency plan so everyone on board can lock themselves in should the ship be boarded.
There are about a dozen people from the two NGOs, from several European countries as well as the US and Australia.
Sailors volunteer their time to SOS Mediterranee, while the MSF team includes doctors as well as logistical and technical people, veterans of humanitarian crises such as the Ebola epidemic and the Iraqi battle at Mosul.
The ship's captain hails from Belarus and the roughly 10 crew members are mostly Slavs, hired with the boat but having chosen to take part in this rescue mission, which has been going on since last year.
At night, the Aquarius keeps about 30 miles from the Libyan coast, mainly to avoid fishermen's nets. During the day, it moves closer so the coastline is visible, but stays about 24 miles away unless the Italian coast guard calls on them to help with rescues nearer shore.
Six years since a revolution that toppled longtime dictator Muammar Qaddafi, Libya has become a key departure point for migrants risking their lives to cross the Mediterranean to Europe.
Italy, which has borne the brunt of the migrant influx from north Africa, has welcomed Libya's decision to bar NGO ships and invest more in its coast guard.
The number of migrants reaching Italy is down compared with last year. So far in August, authorities say there have been 1,700 arrivals, far from the 21,300 recorded for the entire month in 2016.
But for humanitarian groups, what happens to migrants returned to or kept in camps in Libya is even more worrying.
“Fewer ships in the area will mean more people will drown at sea. And those taken back by the Libyan coast guards will be kept in captivity, and again exposed to violence, abuse, maltreatment, extortion,” says MSF's Kraay. “This is really a grave concern.”
by Reagan Knopp
Some may already have seen the headlines, but for those who have not, it is with deep sadness that we must report the wife of Oregon State Senator Herman Baertschiger Jr. passed away on Saturday night. Leta Baertschiger was involved in a pedestrian-vehicle collision. She was 54 years old and is survived by her Husband and two sons. In a statement, the Baertschiger family said they are thankful for the outpouring of support and request privacy at this time.
Full coverage of the incident is available from OPB, The Oregonian, and the Statesman Journal.
“We all look the same,” says the unnamed black cop in Black Cop. And when the person he's talking to starts to object, he clarifies by adding: “Cops.”
Admit it: You weren't thinking “cops” either. Ronnie Rowe describes his character as a “negro officer,” “African-American law enforcement agent,” “minority po-po,” and a few others I won't repeat. He spends one tense and unpleasant scene (out of uniform) being harassed by white cops, and the rest of the movie doing unto others. White others.
Writer/director Cory Bowles (a.k.a. Cory from Trailer Park Boys) has expanded his own 11-minute short from 2016 into a smart, slippery examination of race and policing that was shot in Halifax, though the city is never named, and the setting could, sadly, be just about anywhere in Canada or the U.S.
The fractured narrative includes footage from bodycams, vehicle-mounted cameras, cellphones (in portrait mode, naturally) and traditional coverage. Rowe's character sometimes addresses the camera or talks back to a call-in radio show that is discussing a police shooting of a black man. Though it's clear that at least some time he's talking to himself, and possibly losing his grip on reality.
Most of the film's 91 minutes follow him as he starts abusing his power in ways we've come to expect only white officers do. (And yes, that assumption is supposed to make you feel queasy and complicit.) He stops a white guy jogging through an affluent neighbourhood in a hoodie; the man says he's a doctor but has no ID. He pulls over an SUV that was barely speeding, and follows a kid who says he's on his way to school. In every case he lets the situation get way out of control.
The drama is helped by the fact that we're forced to identify with the character; he's onscreen the whole time, and freely admits in the early going that he's been known to abuse his cop perks. Plus he has to live with a double daily dose of racism; the “normal” kind, plus the anger directed at him for “selling out” by joining the force.
Does it excuse, or at least explain, what happens in the film? Bowles isn't saying. That's up to you. Black Cop is a real conversation starter.
ALAMEDA — Derek Carr had no limitations on the first day of the Raiders' offseason program and doesn't expect to have any Tuesday. He's back and the quarterback hopes to be better than every.
“I feel great,” Carr said during a news conference at the team's practice facility. “I've been running, jumping, throwing, cutting, everything, so I'm ready to rock. I'm ready to do absolutely everything.”
Carr added that he's “truly blessed that it wasn't worse” when he fractured his right fibula in the Raiders' Christmas Eve win over the Indianapolis Colts. The recovery's been such a blur that he's lost when thinking about timelines, but said it was a relief when he was able to ditch his crutches.
“Then I could be a human again. Then I could walk around,” Carr said. “I think I really took for granted just picking my kids up and taking them to their room.”
What he can't take for granted is the team's remaining days in Oakland. The Raiders, as approved last month in a 31-1 vote, are bound for relocation in Las Vegas by 2020.
Their future in the East Bay is murky, with them scheduled to play in the Coliseum in 2017 and owning an option for 2018. The bridge year in 2019 is wide open.
Carr and all involved with the Raiders have a tough road to weave as they look to embrace their new fans in the desert while not alienating the locals.
That's crazy,” Carr said. “How do you keep playing somewhere you love and then you've got to go and play somewhere else that you're going to have to love and love the people there?
“For me, I really had to concentrate on, in all honestly, it doesn't matter yet. It's something that's coming. It's big news. It's exciting for our organization and for fans that are Raider fans in Nevada, but at the same time we have our fans here that we need to take care of and that's really important to me. To take care of our fans here, to make sure that we enjoy our last times — it is two years, three years, who knows? — but that's my focus is to make sure I'm giving everything to this city that I can and not trying to do a little here and a little there. Obviously, there's going to be times where we're in Vegas doing things because that's a weird situation, but my focus is here and now, making sure our fans feel appreciated knowing that they are going to get the very best version of me and my teammates every time we step out on the field.”
Carr firmly believes fans who choose to turn the other cheek toward the Raiders will be in the minority.
“We're not going to split up like you've seen other cities do,” Carr said. “We're not going to do things like that. For the ones that do, I don't really believe that they are true Raider fans. I feel their hurt. I'm with you. I hurt too. But at the same, we're all in this together and we're just going to do it together.”
“Out of 1,000 people, you're going to get one or two that have something to say. And that's with everything. It doesn't matter if you throw four touchdowns or three picks, you're going to get it both ways. I expect that, but if something happens, it'll be the 1 percent. Hopefully y'all don't focus on that kind of stuff because there's the 99 percent that are loyal, faithful fans that are going to ride with us wherever we're at.”
— On the possibility of adding running back Marshawn Lynch, Carr gave a big thumbs up.
“He's one heck of a football player and I hope to play with him,” Carr said. “But again, I'm focused on the guys that are here today and I can't say, ‘Oh man, I hope he gets here,' and all those things. Of course, anyone would want Marshawn Lynch. Any quarterback in the NFL, it doesn't matter who you have behind you because we have great running backs. Anybody would say, ‘Add a good player to our team, absolutely.' Cause as we've seen, it could go like that for somebody so you always need more good players. But with that said, I'm focused on who's here. And so I want to take this group and win the Super Bowl with this group that's here and then as we add pieces, we'll hug them up and bring them in just as a family and treat them the same way we do as all of our other teammates.”
— The next big thing on the Raiders agenda is getting Carr locked up to a contract extension as he enters the final year of his rookie contract. Raiders general manager Reggie McKenzie has made that a stated goal for this offseason and Carr said the discussions have gone well between McKenzie and Carr's agent, Tim Younger.
“They've been talking about this for months, building it and how they wanted to do,” Carr said. “Reggie sat down and talked to me. It's not like some divide or anything. We're a family. So we're just trying to figure that all out. We'll let the draft happen. Reggie said he wanted to do it after the draft. They've been talking a little bit to build it. I'll let them handle it and hopefully it just gets done before training camp. Because one training camp starts, I won't even answer my phone if it has to do with that.”
—
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
LOS ALTOS HILLS — When Pinewood defeated league rival Eastside College Prep last month, Hannah Jump had eight points in the victory.
In the rematch Friday night, the junior sharpshooter more than doubled that total — in the first quarter.
Jump made six 3-pointers in the opening period and the hot shooting rapidly spread to her teammates as Pinewood rolled to an 80-66 victory on its home court.
“She's the best shooter in America,” Pinewood coach Doc Scheppler said of Jump after his team stretched its winning streak to 15 games and improved to 20-1 overall and 7-0 in the West Bay Athletic League. “When she got that first clean look and hit it, it's like, ‘OK, here we go.' She wants the ball. When you see the ball go in as you're shooting it, you have this power over the ball that you just know it's going in.”
Jump finished with 28 points — all but three in the first half — and made eight from beyond the arc. Klara Astrom added 24 points, all but five in the second half, and five 3-pointers.
Pinewood made 19 from three-point range as a team, about 10 more than its season average.
“We work on our shot every day, and it's something we take pride in,” Jump said. “To hit that many threes is obviously amazing. But any way we can get the win is what we're looking to do.”
Pinewood also got 13 points and four 3-pointers from Kaitlyn Leung and solid contributions from freshman Courtni Thompson.
Kayla Tahaafe led Eastside with 21 points, and freshman Marley Langi chipped in with 15 points.
“Defensively, they changed their game plan,” Scheppler said. “But when we hit our shots and we're getting open looks and our self-confidence … good things happen. Any time we play a game, our whole philosophy is getting to the rim or getting threes.
“When we get to the rim, it's because they're taking away the threes. When we're hitting threes it's because we're getting clean looks. We got clean looks and we hit them. Nineteen threes in a game, not too bad. That was a great game. Eastside never quits.”
Eastside lost to Pinewood by 34 in the first meeting but kept the score tight through much of the first quarter Friday. It led 15-14 when Zion Gabriel hit a short running jumper from the baseline.
But then Jump took charge.
The junior buried three 3-pointers to close the period, which gave Pinewood a 23-15 lead, and then opened the second quarter with two drives to the basket that widened the advantage to 28-15.
Jump was 9 for 13 from the field in the first half.
“They don't mind who shoots the ball, but Jump had seven 3s in the first half,” said Eastside coach Donovan Blythe, whose team fell to 16-5, 5-2. “She got everyone else going. She was unconscious tonight. As a coach on the other side, I was being entertained also because you want to see all these kids have success.”
Related Articles High school basketball: Menlo boys secure WBAL stranglehold
J.C. basketball: No. 10 Foothill powered by 1-2 punch
High school basketball: Mitty ends Bellarmine's league win streak
Prep basketball rankings: Bay Area News Group boys, girls Top 20
High school basketball: PAL South rivals retain title hopes Astrom picked up the scoring for Pinewood in the second half, scoring 10 points in the third quarter and nine in the fourth.
“I am really, really pleased,” Scheppler said. “Great atmosphere. We needed a test. We needed every possession to be important and we continue to need to work on some things. Defensively, I think that's the most anybody has scored on us the whole year — by far. Hand it to them.”
Patrick Colbeck can be heard saying in a presentation that Abdul El-Sayed has ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, among other anti-Muslim remarks.
A Republican candidate for governor in Michigan used a typical and unfounded anti-Muslim conspiracy theory during a presentation about his Muslim-American Democratic rival, suggesting he is part of an unfounded Muslim plot to engage in “civilization jihad” that is subversively attempting to take over the country. The candidate, Patrick Colbeck, who is currently a state Senator of Michigan's 7th district, made the remarks about Dr. Abdul El-Sayed while delivering a slideshow at an event held by The United West in April 2018. The group has been classified as an “active anti-Muslim group” by the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks the activity of hate organizations. “So Hamtramck is now the first majority Muslim city council,” Colbeck can be heard saying on a slide called, “Position of Influence,” with a picture of El-Sayed. Hamtramck is a city in Michigan. “But we also have somebody that I will likely be running against in the general election, Dr. Abdul El-Sayed, whose parents apparently have ties to Muslim Brotherhood back in Egypt. This is scary stuff,” Colbeck said. “They're already advertising him as the first Muslim governor. So this is a big deal.” Colbeck, El-Sayed and their campaign spokespersons didn't return requests for comment.
Colbeck's presentation was loaded with false conspiracy theories that have been pushed by the far-right to undermine Muslim-Americans. A recent BuzzFeed News analysis found that state and local Republican politicians and officials have publicly attacked Islam in 49 states since 2015, typically with impunity. “There's a lot of pressure being applied in our society right now. You're seeing Muslim legislators in the state legislature. And you're seeing also a push at the local level at city councils,” Colbeck can be heard saying as a slide titled “Civilization Jihad Techniques” is up on a screen.
Advertisement
Well-funded anti-Muslim groups like the Center for Security Policy and ACT for America — once fringe elements of the conservative movement that have recently risen to prominence in the Trump era — have alleged for years that Muslim-Americans are subverting US laws through the practice of Sharia Law, and that it would replace or supercede the laws of the land.
Sharia law — often used as a fear-inducing term associated with anti-Western beliefs — is simply a religious code of conduct, no different than those contained in other Abrahamic religions.
Often times anti-Muslim conspiracy theories also involve the belief that the Muslim Brotherhood — the oldest political Sunni Islamist group that began in Egypt and has since spread to many Arab nations — is actually infiltrating every aspect of Muslim-American society with nefarious intentions. There were unfounded allegations that Hillary Clinton's top aide, Huma Abedin, was a member, for example.
The presentation, titled “Colbeck Explanatory Memorandum Part 1,” was posted on YouTube by an account called Sharia Crime Stoppers on April 16, 2018. A page promoting the event on The United West's website — which also has a section called Sharia Crime Stoppers — describes Colbeck as having “studied and learned the history of Sharia, the Muslim Brotherhood, and their plan to take down America.” “One of his potential opponents is a Sharia-compliant Democrat candidate Abdul El-Sayed,” the website, which also has five embedded videos from the event, reads. The words are hyperlinked linked to another page that says El-Sayed is displaying an ISIS hand gesture.
The page also claims “El-Sayed may harbor Islamist convictions and be a Trojan horse are not unfounded, especially given the reality of what some have dubbed a ‘stealth jihad.'” El-Sayed, a 33-year-old physician who once served as head of the Detroit Health Department as health director, would be the country's first Muslim governor if elected in November. He is the progressive favorite in the race, and has been described as charismatic and “the new Obama” by The Guardian.
There are several Democratic and Republican contenders running in the August primary — the winners will then face off in the November general election. Michigan's Attorney General Bill Schuette, a Republican, leads his party while Gretchen Whitmer, the Democratic favorite, is battling it out with Shri Thanedar, according to the latest polls. El-Sayed is polling at 10%, to Whitmer's 18% and Thanedar's 21%. Colbeck polled at 3% to Schuette's 29% lead. Colbeck has been endorsed by Texas Senator Ted Cruz. Cruz's representatives didn't return a request for comment. Fox News host Sean Hannity, on his radio show, also endorsed Colbek, saying “I hope you win and you have my endorsement, as long as it helps you.” But after BuzzFeed News reached out to a Hannity spokesperson about Colbek's comments, he sought to distance himself. “Colbeck was a one-time guest on my radio show where we discussed the issue of healthcare alongside Dr. Josh Umbehr, because he had worked to pursue healthcare alternatives for his constituents,” Hannity said. “He was brought on by Dr. Umbehr to discuss this issue. I do not know Colbeck personally, nor have I ever met him face-to-face and I certainly don't stand by the comments he made during his recent presentation, much less support his views. While nothing was ever formalized, he no longer has my endorsement.”
Talal Ansari is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. His secure PGP fingerprint is 4FEE 894C 8088 7E08 E170 A515 2801 7CC6 95D3 11C2 Contact Talal Ansari at talal.ansari@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Growing up in southwestern Virginia in recent decades, poet Molly McCully Brown often passed by a state institution in Amherst County that was once known as the "Virginia State Colony for Epileptics and Feebleminded."
Since 1983 the facility, which was founded in 1910, has been called the Central Virginia Training Center, and it is now a residential home for people with various intellectual disabilities. But in the early 20th century, the place Brown now refers to as "the colony" was part of the eugenics movement taking hold in the U.S., and a variety of treatments now considered inhumane were practiced there — including forced sterilization. Brown, who has cerebral palsy, notes that had she been born in an earlier era, she might have been sent to live at the institution herself.
"It is impossible to know that for sure," she says. "I can look at my life and look at my family and look at my parents and think, No, never. That never would have happened. But I also understand that if I had been born 50 years earlier, the climate was very different."
She hopes to give voice to those early generations of residents, in her book of poetry, The Virginia State Colony For Epileptics And Feebleminded.
For Brown, the themes of disability and poetry have been constant throughout her life: "In my life, there has always been my body in some state of falling apart or disrepair or attempting to be fixed, and there has always been poetry. And I couldn't untwine those things if I tried."
Interview Highlights
On seeing the buildings and grounds of the old facility
It was incredibly moving and incredibly powerful. The place is interesting because it is still an operational facility for adults with really serious disabilities, although it is in the process of closing. But like a lot of things in Virginia, it was initially built on an enormous amount of land. And, so, a really interesting thing happened, which is that as the buildings that were originally part of the colony fell into disrepair, they were largely just moved out of — and new buildings were built on accompanying land, but those original buildings were not necessarily torn down. So the place itself is this really strange combination of functioning facility and ghost town of everything that it has been. I've never been in a place that felt more acutely haunted in my life.
On how some people assume her physical disability means she also has an intellectual disability
We do have a strange tendency in this country to equate any kind of disability with less intellectual capability and with even a less complete humanity. Certainly as a child and as a teenager — and even now as an adult — [I] encountered people who assumed that just because I used a wheelchair, maybe I couldn't even speak to them. I often get questions directed at people I'm with, as opposed to me, and that's a really interesting phenomenon.
On the connection between poetry and theology
Both poetry and theology for me are about paying attention to the world in a very intentional way, and about admitting a mystery that is bigger than anything that I rationally understand. ... I think poetry has always been for me a kind of prayer. So those things feel very linked for me. And, again, poetry does feel like the first — and in some ways best — language I ever had for mystery and for my sense of what exists beyond the world we're currently living in.
On how Catholicism has helped her accept her body
One of the things that I find so moving about Catholicism is that it never forgets that to be a person is inherently and inescapably and necessarily to be in a body — a body that brings you pain, a body that brings you pleasure, a body that can be a barrier to thinking more completely about your life and your soul — but [that it] can also be a vehicle to delivering you into better communion with the world, with other people and to whatever divinity it is that you believe in.
What Catholicism did for me, in part, is give me a framework in which to understand my body as not an accident or a punishment or a mistake, but as the body that I am meant to have and that is constitutive of so much of who I am and what I've done and what I hope I will do in the world.
More and more ... I've come to see my body as a place of pride and potential, and as something that gives me a unique outlook onto the world. And I'd rather that, I guess, than be infuriated by it.
On her twin sister, who died shortly after birth
She lived about 36 hours after we were born. ... It's a phenomenon in my life that I have not a lot of rational explanation for, ... but it is true that I miss my sister with a kind of intense specificity that has no rational explanation, and that I feel aware of her presence in this way that I can't exactly explain or articulate, but which feels undeniable to me. ...
I do think that that sort of gave me no other option than to believe in some kind of something beyond this current mortal life that we're living. Because what is the explanation otherwise for the fact that I feel like I miss and I know this person who only lived a matter of hours? And for the fact as much as I know that she is dead and is gone in a real way, she doesn't feel "disappeared" to me.
On how her physical disability and her poetry are intertwined
I think the easiest way I have of describing it is I have two [early] memories. ... One of them is of sitting on a table in a hospital room in the children's hospital in St. Louis, choosing the flavor of the anesthetic gas I was going to breathe when they put me under to do my first major surgery. I was picking between cherry and butterscotch and grape. And the second memory that I have is of my father reading a Robert Hayden poem called "Those Winter Sundays."
Roberta Shorrock and Therese Madden produced and edited this interview for broadcast. Bridget Bentz, Molly Seavy-Nesper and Deborah Franklin adapted it for the Web.
By Hayden Wright
Ty Dolla $ign's anticipated Beach House 3 drops October 27 and the rapper continues to share new music from the album.
Related: Ty Dolla $ign Announces ‘Beach House 3' Release Date with 2 New Songs
Ty has unveiled “Ex” featuring YG. The track marks the duo's first collaboration since “Toot It and Boot It,” YG's debut commercial single in 2010. Ty promised a YG reunion when he discussed Beach House 3 back in September: “I got my homie YG on there…That feels real good,” he told XXL.
In the song's hook, Ty brags: “I just text my main chick (main)/ I told her, I ain't coming home (home), tonight.”
Obviously, Ty has other plans…with his ex. He started thinking about the “old days” and “linked up with my old thing.”
Listen to “Ex,” which contains explicit language, now at Radio.com.
WeWork Cos. is tapping the bond market for the first time and in doing so, has provided a rare glimpse into the startling numbers behind its break-neck expansion.
The co-working company, which is seeking $500 million to finance yet more growth, has amassed a global portfolio of more than 14 million square feet, approaching the size of the entire office and retail space in London's Canary Wharf district, according to bond documents reviewed by Bloomberg. In all, the New York company has committed to pay at least $18 billion in rent for that space, the documents show. WeWork declined to comment.
These are the highlights:
Membership
WeWork boasted 220,000 members as of March 1, up from 7,000 four years ago. Those members have access to 251,000 desks in 234 locations spanning almost two dozen countries. While the company is best known for luring tech startup freelancers, the bond documents reveal an increasingly diverse customer base.
WeWork Everywhere Desk rentals by industry Source: Bloomberg reporting
Revenue
The massive jump in locations and memberships has driven revenue growth in excess of 100 percent. But costs are rising faster, resulting in a total net loss of $934 million last year. The company's growing use of discounts to attract new members has also pushed down the revenue it generates from each of them by 6.2 percent to $6,928, the documents show.
Rising Revenue, Rising Costs Growth in expenses outpaces revenue Source: Bloomberg reporting
Ownership
WeWork's general and administrative costs rose almost threefold in 2017, mostly because it bought back stock from employees in October, according to the document. Last summer, WeWork had raised $4.4 billion from SoftBank Group Corp., some of which had been used to buy shares from employees and early investors.
WeWork Chief Executive Officer Adam Neumann holds more than 75 percent of outstanding shares of Class B common stock, the document said. They give him more than 65 percent of voting power, the ability to dictate who sits on the board and control of key decisions such as acquisitions.
Occupancy
A drive to lure more blue-chip companies into short-term spaces has helped boost WeWork's occupancy levels. The company said it underwrites each new building it opens by guaranteeing at least 60 percent occupancy. Last year, it managed to fill 81 percent of desks, up 5 percentage points from a year earlier. WeWork now boasts members from about 22 percent of the Fortune 500, including HSBC Holdings Plc, General Motors Co. and Microsoft Corp., the documents show.
Not Just Startups WeWork's push for corporate members pays off Source: Bloomberg reporting
Buying Long and Selling Short
WeWork's rapid expansion has resulted in an eye-watering rent bill that it's now seeking to manage by diversifying into owning or managing buildings instead of just renting them. Investors can also take comfort from the fact that each of WeWork's locations is housed within a separate subsidiary and isn't directly leased by the parent company. While landlords are given guarantees or credit letters from the parent, these usually last for just six to 12 months on an average 15-year lease, according to the bond documents. That should give WeWork more flexibility to close locations if times get tough in a downturn, mitigating the risk of signing long-term leases while renting space to members on short term contracts.
In a rare move, the Federal Reserve announced Friday that it is restricting Wells Fargo's growth and demanding the replacement of four board members in response to "widespread consumer abuses and compliance breakdowns" at the bank.
"Until the firm makes sufficient improvements, it will be restricted from growing any larger than its total asset size as of the end of 2017," the Fed said in a statement. This is first time the Fed has placed a cap on the overall growth of a firm.
Wells Fargo says it has $1.9 trillion in assets.
The move to snuff its growth comes after the bank admitted in 2016 to creating potentially millions of fake bank accounts at the expense of unsuspecting customers.
NPR's Chris Arnold has reported a "toxic high-pressure sales culture at the bank" drove workers to dupe consumers all while helping the bank's bottom line.
The Fed said Friday that Wells Fargo's business strategy prioritized its own growth at the expense of risk management resulting in compliance breakdowns. It is ordering the bank to "improve its governance and risk management processes, including strengthening the effectiveness of oversight by its board of directors."
In the meantime, Wells Fargo is permitted to continue accepting customer deposits and make consumer loans, the Fed said.
Wells Fargo said complying with the consent order is its number one priority and has already taken steps get there. It plans to present a plan for improvement to the Fed within two months.
CEO Tim Sloan said in a statement, "Although one part of the consent order restricts our company's asset growth, we remain financially strong and flexible and are confident we can fully serve your needs."
But the bank estimated that its total earnings could drop by as much as $400 million this year.
The move represents Fed Chair Janet Yellen's swan song. Saturday is her last day as head of the Fed when she steps down to make way for Jerome Powell, who takes over on Monday.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank and the consumers harmed by Wells Fargo expect that robust and comprehensive reforms will be put in place to make certain that the abuses do not occur again," Yellen said in a statement.
A week ago Monday, lightning struck a home in Ardmore. Another residence was hit on Sunday evening, less than a mile from the first strike.
Danielle Jennings
Oprah Winfrey continues to fill her plate with numerous projects and we reap the benefits. Despite co-starring in the OWN network drama Greenleaf, executive producing fellow OWN show Queen Sugar, starring in Ava DuVernay's upcoming A Wrinkle in Time for Disney and re-teaming with Lee Daniels for a possible remake of Terms of Endearment, Winfrey also managed to star in the upcoming HBO film The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, which has set its premiere date for this spring.
.@Oprah and Rose Byrne star in the adaptation of the critically-acclaimed book.
The Immortal Life of #HenriettaLacks premieres April 22. pic.twitter.com/bGzJC8Kzts — HBO (@HBO) February 14, 2017
Oprah Winfrey is determined to remind the world just how great she is at acting and with a host of TV and film projects on the horizon, she will definitely succeed. As reported by Shadow and Act, the HBO film The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks has officially announced its premiere date for April 22. The news was initially revealed on the official HBO Twitter account, which is exciting considering that things have been rather quiet surrounding the film lately.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is an incredibly moving true story that is bound to tug at emotions and is a perfect way for Oprah to flex her considerable dramatic acting chops.
In case you are totally unaware of this story, the film's synopsis reads:
Oprah Winfrey stars in this adaptation of Rebecca Skloot's critically acclaimed, bestselling nonfiction book of the same name. The film tells the story of Henrietta Lacks, an African American woman whose cells were used to create the first immortal human cell line. Told through the eyes of her daughter, Deborah Lacks (played by Winfrey), the film chronicles her search to learn about the mother she never knew and understand how the unauthorized harvesting of Lacks' cancerous cells in 1951 led to unprecedented medical breakthroughs, changing countless lives and the face of medicine forever.
Winfrey is also surrounded by a talented cast in the film, including Emmy-winner Courtney B. Vance, Tony-winner Renée Goldsberry and Emmy nominee Rose Byrne. A trailer is expected within the next few weeks or less and we will certainly keep you posted!
Check out today's Top Stories here:
https://hellobeautiful.com/2926862/founders-little-caesars-paid-rosa-park-rent/
https://hellobeautiful.com/2926590/frank-ocean-mom-unsun-cosmetics/
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS – Fed up and armed with a gun, a grandmother is trying to take back her neighborhood from the drug dealers she says ripped it apart.
Jonnie McIntosh gave WXIN her message for any criminals at work near her Haughville, Indiana block: “It is loaded. Get your drugs and get out of my neighborhood.”
McIntosh said two of those suspected drug dealers threatened to shoot her and her 70-year-old husband over a drug deal on Tuesday.
“He pulled his gun out and when I saw the gun come out that is when I grabbed my gun,” McIntosh said.
The no-nonsense granny said she grabbed her loaded Glock when the suspects demanded $20.00 for her grandson's Spice debt.
“If you are stupid enough to sell it to these kids, you get what you deserve,” McIntosh said.
McIntosh told WXIN that her grandson just overdosed on Spice two weeks ago.
“I do not see what they get out of it," she said. "Who wants to sit there passed out and do not have a clue what is going on around them.”
McIntosh is trying to help him get clean, but said Spice dealers are on every street near her house on N. Berwick.
Spice has been an ongoing issue for police in Indianapolis. Just this month, emergency crews recorded runs to nearly a dozen drug overdoses within a mile of McIntosh's home.
“Back in my day, it was marijuana and Boones Farm wine. That is all my parents had to worry about. This stuff has bug spray in it and all kinds of chemicals. Whatever they decide to spray on it. Any way that they can get high,” McIntosh said.
Just last year, McIntosh's pregnant granddaughter, 18-year-old Brittany McNew, was murdered near Haughville.
“She died over a drug deal because a guy decided to rob another guy for heroin and Spice,” said McIntosh.
This grandma is not ready to lose another loved one to the drug trade and said she will do whatever it takes to stop the dealers.
“Get off your lazy rump and get a job. Quit pushing drugs on these kids,” McIntosh said.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was all smiles after scaling to the top of a 9,000-foot-tall mountain — wearing spotless black leather shoes, according to state media.
The tubby tyrant trudged “through thick snow” to the top of Mount Paektu, where he was photographed beaming none the worse for wear in his double-breasted coat.
And in addition to accomplishing the feat without mountaineering gear, Kim also miraculously changed the weather, according to the official state newspaper Rodong Sinmun.
The active volcano along the Chinese and North Korean border offered a “warm welcome” to the diminutive despot as it showed “joy at the appearance of the peerlessly illustrious commander who controls nature.”
A blizzard gave way to a brief respite of glorious sunshine on what should have been a dreary winter day, according to a government statement.
“His eyes reflected the strong beams of the gifted great person seeing in the majestic spirit of Mount Paektu the appearance of a powerful socialist nation which dynamically advances full of vigor without vacillation at any raving dirty wind on the planet,” according to the state outlet, the Independent of the UK reported.
His visit has sparked speculation that he was planning a major event, as leaders' previous visits have been followed by important decisions and acts, Britain's Daily Mirror reported.
Four years ago, Kim visited the mountain a month before he executed top officials, including his uncle Jang Song-thaek. A visit in April 2015 was followed by the execution of former defense chief Hyon Yong-chol, according to the news outlet.
Kim also visited the site after Pyongyang's fifth nuclear test in September 2016.
North Korea is trying to develop a nuclear warhead capable of reaching the US mainland. It has carried out several missile tests and one nuclear test this year despite UN sanctions.
The US, Japan and South Korea planned to hold two days of missile tracking drills starting Monday amid rising tensions over the regime's nuclear weapons program, the Mirror reported.
Last week, Pyongyang said military drills conducted by the US and the South had made the outbreak of war “an established fact.”
Mount Paektu — which is sacred in North Korean folklore — has frequently been used to beef up tales of prowess across three generations of the Kim family.
Previous accounts claimed Kim possesses impressive powers, including being able to drive at the age of 3 and win yacht races at the tender age of 9, the UK's Sun reported.
Don't look now, but more homeless people are coming to a nice hotel near you.
The Post reported on Thursday that the city now pays to put up a mind-boggling 11,000 homeless people in hotels — nearly one in six of the roughly 61,000 previously in shelters — costing taxpayers an average $222 a night compared with $150 a night in shelters.
The Big Apple's hotels are making less money than they were a few years ago, and owners are scrambling for bucks as they see the value of their properties tumble. The recent creation of tens of thousands of new rooms, as well as competition from Airbnb, has driven down room rates and the city's hotel market is “performing like mushy apple sauce,” says industry journal Hotel Management.
Mayor de Blasio, ever eager to throw Band-Aids at serious crises, offered to fill empty rooms with homeless people, taking large bunches of rooms, or even entire hotels, off owners' hands, sometimes for more than they'd make from regular guests. And hoteliers are more than willing to play along. Their business, after all, depends on it.
The reasons are simple. The number of hotel rooms in NYC has soared astronomically from 76,400 in 2008 to 115,000 today — the biggest surge in nearly a century. Nearly 19,000 more are coming within three years. With so much competition, not even a record-high 61 million visitors to town each year can keep every hotel profitable.
Room rates of up to $1,000 a night at a few super-luxury hotel penthouses belie the wider, bottom-line reality. Most rooms often go for well under posted “rack rates.” As a result, owners' returns on available rooms have fallen each year since 2014. Friends of mine from out of town who feared $500 nightly rates for closet-size accommodations were delighted on recent visits when they scored spacious rooms at well-located inns such as the Park Central on Seventh Avenue at 55th Street and the DoubleTree by Hilton at Lexington Avenue at 50th Street for barely over $200 including tax and fees.
Why the hotel-room explosion? The city's thriving economy and low crime levels drew more business and leisure travelers. Zoning changes that began under former Mayor Michael Bloomberg allowed hotel construction in neighborhoods once reserved for manufacturing.
De Blasio's temporary fix does the truly needy little or no good
New hotels are usually cheaper to build than office towers and luxury condo buildings. Many new projects were started several years ago by developers unable to see that a hotel boom could, like any other real-estate cycle, turn to bust.
Over-building has pushed down not only room rates but hotels' underlying value. The high-profile, High Line-straddling Standard Hotel, widely perceived as a smashing success when it opened in 2009, sold last year for just $323.2 million — far below the $400 million it would have fetched in 2014 had the deal not fallen through.
De Blasio's temporary fix does the truly needy little or no good. It puts them in neighborhoods where they can't afford to buy basic necessities. And even the bleeding-heart New York Times reported on Jan. 4 that prostitution, drug use and violence “occurred at dozens of hotels” that were turned into shelters by the Department of Homeless Services last year.
No one should expect any better on housing matters from the mayor, who promised “progressive” remedies to aid the city's poor but has treated them with utter contempt.
City Hall has failed abysmally to create “supportive” housing for the homeless. As The Post reported in September, a mere 48 new units have been completed nearly two years after de Blasio promised 15,000.
The city's total homeless count has mushroomed to about 77,000, including those in shelters and on the street — a 13 percent jump since de Blasio took office, according to HUD figures.
On de Blasio's watch, thousands of public-housing residents are freezing without working boilers. He incomprehensibly refuses to fire the head of NYCHA, who testified to the City Council that lead-paint inspections had been properly conducted when they hadn't.
Meanwhile, the homeless colonization of hotels marches on. The dumping sites include proud older properties such as the Wellington, the New Yorker and Row NYC (formerly known as the Milford Plaza); new “boutique” ones like BKLYN House in Bushwick; and respectably-branded ones including Holiday Inn, DoubleTree and Best Western.
At this rate, Eloise might have more company at The Plaza than she bargained for.
‘Govt Should Curb Wastages in Agric Produce and Preserve Food'
By Ugo Aliogo
As the efforts to position the Nigeria's agricultural sector to become one of the leading players in food production in world continue, experts have called on the federal government to tackle the level of wastage of agricultural produce usually experienced from distribution to the marketplace and develop innovative ways to preserve them.
Speaking during the inauguration of Fruits2go café, the Chief Executive Officer of the café, Tosan Kukoyi, said government should focus on the end product value chain, as a lot of wastages are being experienced from the farm to the market.
According to her, the wastage is huge and government has not provided facilities to preserve this agriculture produce.
She also stated that if government encourages more people and provide the necessary support, most of the agricultural produce will be better preserved thereby reduce the reliance on imported foods which she noted is most preferred by Nigerians despite the preservatives it contains, “most of these imported products contain products that are not healthy for the body.”
Kukoyi, who stated that there is need for more people to go into farming, commended government's efforts in positioning sector, adding that Nigerians should create innovations regarding ways of preserving and packaging agriculture products.
Speaking on the café, she said the cafe was a healthy alternative to eateries in Lagos and they are focused on wholeness, noting that the products used are locally sourced in order to provide space in the healthy food options segment where every member of the family can have a good meal, snack or drink.
Kukoyi said the brand is targeted at children because there are no smoothies' stores or café targeted children, while stressing that they have taken their services a step further to schools to package healthy lunch for school pupils.
She added: “The school authorities have also given us the opportunity to talk with the parents of these kids on the importance of eating right and not compromising with the cheaper alternatives that are in the market. Parents are excited to bring their children here because of what we are offering such as the popsicles which looks like ice-cream, but it is made from pineapple fruits and other fruit addition. The parents of these pupils reach an agreement with us and they pay for the lunch we serve their pupils, on a term basis. We have covered two major schools.
“Children love our smoothies and juices. We are creating excitement for our customers and still focused on the core of the business. We have juices, and healthy Yogurts made without preservatives. We only persevere these Yogurts with refrigeration. This is the first branch, but we are looking at opening four other locations in 2017.
“Government should evaluate the agricultural value chain, the players and know where the challenges are coming from, then address it. I think the challenge before the administration facing is implementation. For private entrepreneurs, we will try our best to set the stage, within our capacity. The bank is not helping us with the interest rates they are giving. It is difficult if you don't have funds. There should more credit facilities to encourage entrepreneurs.”
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Slain cop's mom elated to finally be a grandmother The emotional mother of fallen NYPD Officer Wenjian Liu told The Post that she was thrilled to become a grandmother Tuesday — when her son's widow gave birth to his...
The Fine Nine: The city's elite high schools These public schools accept students who score highest on special entrance exams — and rank among the most elite and high-performing nationwide. 1. Stuyvesant High School 385 Chambers St., Manhattan...
The top 40 public high schools in NYC Admission to these selective schools is not based on entrance exams like the SHSAT, but mostly on middle-school grades, state exam scores, attendance and punctuality. Some give priority to continuing...
Tom Hanks seen in character as hero 'Sully' Sullenberger That's not flying ace Chesley “Sully” Sullenberger out on the Hudson River Saturday — it's Tom Hanks, playing the hero of US Airways Flight 1549. Afloat on the river last...
The top 40 public schools that don't require the SHSAT test How we ranked them: The New York Post's Top 40 includes all schools that don't use the SHSAT test for enrollment. We also broke out Arts and Career schools as...
Alps kamikaze said he would 'make everyone remembers him': ex-girlfriend The co-pilot who rammed Germanwings Flight 9525 into a French mountainside this week was shattered after his schoolteacher fiancée dumped him a day earlier and he was declared “unfit to...
Step inside the cockpit of six real-life air disasters Seven hundred and ninety-three people died in the making of this movie. “Charlie Victor Romeo,” opening Wednesday at Film Forum, started as the twisted brainchild of a Lower East Side...
Agony of Excedrin recall Oh, the pain! Tomorrow marks six months since drugmaker Novartis removed Excedrin — which many migraine sufferers say is “the only thing that works” — from shelves, causing howls...
Back in the early days of Android apps on Chromebooks, most of the overall experience felt completely bolted on. Things worked and things failed, but you could tell very clearly that most Android apps weren't made with Chromebooks as a target.
That wasn't surprising, to be honest. The whole venture sort of came out of left field, so it's taken time to get things lined out to the point that many apps actually feel at home on Chromebooks these days.
This pattern didn't escape Google's own apps, either. The in-house services Google offers, though usually ahead of the game in this respect, still felt non-native when Android apps first arrived on the scene. One app in particular we've always kept an eye on as this whole process has unfolded is the Google Play Store. After all, of all the apps available, this one should be the torch-bearer for Android apps on Chromebooks.
And, in general, that has been the case. The Play Store has been through a few redesigns since its arrival on Chromebooks, and with each one the app feels more and more at home and native in its new Chrome OS home.
If you remember the article we published not long ago about the new Android context menus for apps on Chromebooks, the first place I went to test out the new feature was the Play Store. I knew if I was going to see a new Android feature activated on a Chromebook, that was where I'd see it first. And unsurprisingly, I was right.
So What's New?
Just like that story, this change is small and could be written off as insignificant. I would disagree, however. When it comes to changes that make Android apps feel more native on Chromebooks, I think the importance lies in these small pieces that make up the whole of the entire experience for end users.
What we're now seeing in the latest Play Store update is a Chromebook-specific handling of screenshots when browsing for apps. You know the area after the installation prompts and ratings in the play store where you get a carousel of images from the app itself? That section used to look like a blown-up version of what you see on a phone, which meant that portrait screenshots had huge black bars on the left and right and the navigation left a lot to be desired.
Fast forward to today and the lightbox effect we're seeing on screenshots looks, again, like it was made for Chromebooks.
More and more we are seeing this type of treatment for Android apps as time moves on. Features and UI elements built for Chromebooks make the entire experience of using that app feel more at home on the larger screen. Adding in proper keyboard controls and trackpad gestures simply sweetens the overall experience, and we're slowly seeing more apps do this as well.
It has been a long road, but seeing the smaller pieces fall into place like this makes me feel like we're finally getting over the hump. Perhaps we're finally getting near the point where developers and users alike start taking Android apps on Chromebooks very seriously. That is the point where all we've been talking about with the latent potential of Chrome OS and Android finally starts to convert into amazing user experiences across the board.
Thanks to Corbin Baxter for the heads-up!
Shop Chromebooks On Amazon
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines. It turns out, our diets also help determine what we smell like.
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables. Whereas men who ate a lot of carbohydrates gave off a smell that was less appealing.
Skeptical? At first, I was, too. I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry. (Makes a good marketing campaign, right?!)
But it's legit. "We've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness, especially for women," says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia. He studies evolution, genetics and psychology and is an author of the study.
From an evolutionary perspective, scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status, and could possibly play a role in helping attract a mate.
So, how did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy, young men. They assessed the men's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer. When people eat a lot of colorful veggies, their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids, the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red, yellow and orange foods.
"The carotenoids get deposited in our skin," explains Stephen. The spectrophotometer "flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back," says Stephen. The results are "a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we're eating," he says.
Stephen and his colleagues also had the men in the study compete food frequency questionnaires, so they could determine the men's overall patterns of eating. Then, men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise.
Afterwards, women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat. (Note: The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation, but you get the picture!) "We asked the women to rate how much they liked it, how floral, how fruity," and a bunch of other descriptors, explains Stephen.
It's a small study, but the results were pretty consistent. "Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer," Stephen told us.
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women. But meat did tend to make men's odor more intense.
"This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor," says George Preti, an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia.
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet, "characterized by increased intakes of eggs, cheese, soy, fruit and vegetables."
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect.
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food. "But that's not what happens," Preti says. Your breath might smell like the food you eat, but not your sweat.
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands.
"The sweat doesn't come out smelly," Preti explains, "It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin."
Now, of course, at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace, is the smell of our sweat a big concern?
I put that question to the happy-hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington, D.C.
"I'm pretty OK with my smell," Stefan Ruffini told me. That evening he was ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries, along with a beer. When I told him about the findings of the study, he laughed it off.
"I've got a girlfriend, so I don't worry about these things!"he said.
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples.
"As a lesbian, I haven't smelled a man in several years," Stacy Carroll, who was also at happy hour, told me. "I eat a lot of produce, I have a girlfriend, so it's working out!"
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health --"feeling good, looking fit" — than their smell.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
From a fire that claimed four lives last December emerges some hope that a similar tragedy won't be repeated in Port Colborne.
At Monday night's city council meeting, fire Chief Tom Cartwright accepted $1,700 in donations that will be applied toward a campaign to provide smoke alarms and carbon monoxide detectors to people who can't afford them.
Cartwright plans to bring a report outlining the plan to a future council meeting, but has said he anticipates that firefighters, both volunteer and career, will be out six days a week, day and night, spreading the message of the importance of these alarms.
“I'm hoping it will have a significant positive impact on the community,” he said.
The donations to Port Colborne Fire and Emergency Services all started with an idea from the president of the Friends Over 55 Recreation Centre.
Jack O'Neil said he wanted to do something in wake of the tragedy that claimed a mom and her two children and their grandmother, so he made a call to fire officials.
“I asked them if there was anything I could do to help,” he told city councillors. “We've got to save lives. Our seniors, any life, are valuable.”
A campaign ensued that included distributing informational posters across the city. O'Neil's plan was to raise money to purchase smoke alarms for residents who can't afford them. It generated $700.
Regional Chairman Alan Caslin was also brought into the effort.
Caslin, who spoke at Monday's council meeting, said he took some money raised by the Regional Chair's Charity Golf Tournament to assist. He said he was happy to do this for the residents of Port Colborne.
Caslin handed Cartwright an envelope with a $1,000 cheque in it, calling the cause “worthwhile.”
lbarton@postmedia.com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. (AP) — Authorities say the driver of a bus that slammed into a stopped minivan near Bloomington, killing three people, had drugs in his system.
Indiana State Police arrested 46-year-old Brian L. Hodges of New Albany on Friday on eight counts, including three of reckless homicide.
The Monroe County Sheriff's Office says a blood test showed Hodges had amphetamine and methamphetamine in his system. It says he was traveling 65 mph in a 30 mph zone.
After the July 22 crash, Hodges told deputies he was looking down, trying to kick away ice, before he looked up and saw the minivan stopped for a lane closure on the Indiana 37 Business Route just north of Bloomington.
Killed were 54-year-old Rose Pettus, 30-year-old Shante Lewis and 29-year-old Orlando Lewis Jr. of Greenwood, Indiana.
These images from the Holocaust are even more chilling in color These harrowing pictures of a teenage girl awaiting her torture and death at the hands of Nazi torture specialists lay bare the tragic human toll of the Holocaust. The gaunt...
'Bookkeeper of Auschwitz' dies before starting prison sentence Oskar Groening, the death camp guard known as the “bookkeeper of Auschwitz,” died on Friday — before he was able to start his four-year prison sentence, according to multiple reports...
Polish president plans to sign Holocaust speech bill WARSAW – Poland's president said on Tuesday he will sign into law a bill imposing jail terms for suggesting the country was complicit in the Holocaust, defying criticism from Israel,...
'The Tattooist of Auschwitz' is a story of love and pain For more than 50 years, Lale Sokolov stayed silent about a lot of things. The only evidence the world could see of the horrifying 2 ½ years he spent at...
'Bookkeeper of Auschwitz's' mercy plea gets rejected BERLIN — A plea for clemency from a 96-year-old German convicted over his role in the murders of 300,000 people at the Auschwitz death camp in Nazi-occupied Poland has been...
Elderly Nazi guard says jail sentence violates his 'right to life' A 96-year-old ex-Nazi SS guard known as the Bookkeeper of Auschwitz has challenged his four-year jail sentence — arguing that imprisonment would violate his “right to life.” In one of...
Holocaust survivor's diary reveals desire for revenge kept him alive Chilling notes from an Auschwitz inmate forced to help Nazi murder squads have finally been deciphered — almost 75 years after they were written. Marcel Nadjari penned his account of...
This Holocaust victim survived by dancing for SS officer in Auschwitz She had suffered unspeakable horrors at the hands of Nazi sadists and lost her mother to executioners before she had even turned 17. But Edith Eger lived to tell the...
German court ends Auschwitz trial, cites defendant's health BERLIN — A German court has ended the trial of former SS medic who served at the Auschwitz death camp after experts determined the 96-year-old is unfit for trial. Prosecutors...
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ORLANDO -- A couple moving a gas grill in an SUV was injured on Sunday when one of them lit a cigarette and an explosion happened.
Orlando police released photos of the Kia Sorento that showed extensive damage to the SUV with the roof blown out and the airbags deployed. The windshield was lying on the ground. All of the other glass was blown from the vehicle.
A gas grill being transported inside this car exploded when passenger lit a cigarette. 2 in car sustained burns; not life threatening. pic.twitter.com/76OaeJiCiv — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) August 13, 2017
Police said the couple in the SUV sustained burns but their injuries were not life threatening.
The grill was turned on and the propane tank was open and connected, according to the Orlando Sentinel, The wife lit a cigarette and the SUV exploded according to police. After the explosion, the vehicle crashed into a pole
President Trump said Tuesday that Dr. Ronny Jackson, his embattled...
A 2012 watchdog report ordered by Dr. Ronny Jackson — President Trump's pick to head the Department of Veterans Affairs — said that he and a rival doctor engaged in “unprofessional behaviors” in a power struggle over the White House medical office.
The report, reviewed Tuesday by The Associated Press, suggested the White House consider replacing Jackson or Dr. Jeffrey Kuhlman — or both.
Kuhlman was the physician to President Obama at the time.
The six-page report by the Navy's Medical Inspector General found a lack of trust in the leadership and low morale among staff members, who described the working environment as “being caught between parents going through a bitter divorce.”
“There is a severe and pervasive lack of trust in the leadership that has deteriorated to the point that staff walk on ‘eggshells,'” the report found.
Trump suggested Tuesday that Jackson, his pick for VA secretary, might want to withdraw.
Jackson has been hurt by the emergence of allegations about inappropriate workplace behavior, including over-prescribing prescription drugs and drinking on the job.
The inspector general report reviewed by The AP includes no references to improper prescribing or the use of alcohol.
Trump said he would stand behind Jackson, calling the White House doctor “one of the finest people that I have met.”
But he questioned why Jackson would want to put up with the scrutiny, which he characterized as unfair.
With AP
Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton was in full Santa cam mode at Barringer Academic Center. During his third annual Santa Cam's Surprise Sleigh, Newton distributed a total of $100,000 in funds, food and gifts for children and families in need at stops at Barringer Academic Center, Silver Mount Emergency Food Pantry, Bethlehem Center and SouthPark mall.
But researchers at the University of Leeds in the UK are hoping to deploy a drone capable of detecting and filling cracks in the road within the next couple of years, slashing costs and the number of potholes in the process.
“We are not talking about repairing very large potholes, like half-a-metre potholes,” Robert C. Richardson, a professor at the University of Leeds' School of Mechanical Engineering, told Euronews.
“If you can repair small or medium=sized cracks before they turn into potholes, they will never become potholes.
“It's a very proactive situation,” he said, especially given that in the UK, “the rate of potholes appearing is greater than them being repaired. So it's a losing battle.”
Potholes cost billions to repair
Over the last decade, authorities in England have spent over 1 billion pounds (€1.13 billion) to fill nearly 18 million potholes, according to the Annual Local Authority Road Maintenance (ALARM) survey.
Last year alone, 1.7 million potholes were filled at a cost of 102.3 million pounds (€115.6 million). Outraged drivers have also demanded compensation from authorities for damage done to their cars, costing local councils a combined 28.3 million pounds (€32 million). According to ALARM, 82% of claims related specifically to pothole damage.
In Italy, repairing all the roads ridden with potholes would cost up to €42 billion, while in the US, pothole damage is estimated to cost drivers $3 billion (€2.6 billion) annually, according to an AAA survey. In India, 10,876 road accidents in 2015 were due to potholes, official figures show.
The French capital had to launch an emergency plan earlier this year after a particularly cold winter inflicted severe damage on some of its streets. To make the process faster, the city used a new process whereby glue and a mix containing bitumen are sprayed onto the road and then pressed down with a compactor.
The drone, though, would eliminate the need for such heavy machinery, manpower and reduce inconvenience as roads wouldn't have to be closed for so long.
Self-repairing cities
At the moment, the drone can fill in a “reasonable amount of cracks” with a 3-D printed substance. The advantage of using 3-D printing, Richardson argued, is that “we can add different things in the mix, vary the property of the filling and make a better fit.”
“The way potholes work is that there's a mismatch between how strong the material you put in the ground is and the asphalt road. As the ground surrounding (the road) vibrates in a different way, it can disrupt.”
“If you can fill (cracks and potholes) not just with a neat, clean path but change the properties of the material deposited, the road becomes much more resilient to damage,” Richardson explained.
Researchers hope to deploy the drone to some specific sites across the UK for testing within the next couple of years and for its use to be democratised by 2025. They envision that by 2050, cities will be self-repairing with infrastructure maintained by robots, without any human interference.
Other researchers are also looking for new ways to tackle this problem.
Scientists at the ETH Zurich, for instance, are working on a self-healing road. They found that adding iron oxide nanoparticles to bitumen gives the sticky, black, substance self-healing qualities. The slight catch: the healing properties will need to be activated once a year with an electromagnetic field.
:46 This dad and his baby perform circus-like balancing acts Kevin Russell wanted to help his daughter improve her balance, so he started practicing having her stand on his outstretched hands. After a year-and-a-half, the results are pretty impressive.
1:02 This man lovingly cuddles his alligator and brushes its teeth Nobumitsu Murabayashi bought a baby alligator at a festival over 30 years ago, and they're still best friends. He takes the gator for walks, brushes its teeth, and even tucks the reptile into bed at night.
1:34 A woman live-tweeted a hellish date involving a man who 'doesn't do menus' A woman took to Twitter to document an unbelievably horrible date she was witnessing in a sushi restaurant. We at The Post enlisted top-notch voiceover actors and stock images to bring this hellish date to life.
1:19 Group drinks 'poison' in mass suicide attempt on Beijing subway A group of alleged fraud victims appear to attempt suicide by drinking poison on a crowded train in a shocking video. According to reports, none of the suicide attempts was successful, but it is the latest in a string of mass suicide attempts as a form of protest in China.
1:14 Trashiest ways to get drunk this New Year's Not that you need any help in this department, but here are some of the trashiest ways to get drunk this New Year's. Try boxed fireball whiskey, your favorite flavored Lime-A-Rita's, and if you don't want to drink at all, just chow down on some alcoholic whipped cream.
:25 Dude getting tossed around by an elliptical is the perfect New Year's inspiration This man's session on the elliptical looked more like a bull ride than a workout, but he is a few steps closer to his gym goals. He just might be the inspiration you need to get your own gym membership in 2017.
1:03 Cops shoot knife-wielding man after he charges them yelling 'Time to die' Disturbing footage has been released by Maryland police showing the moment an officer had to shoot a man armed with a knife who was yelling "Time to die." The police had been responding to a report of a disturbance, and while nobody was killed, the footage shows how quickly the situation escalated.
1:00 Crazy customer gets punched out of Steve Madden store When a Steve Madden store in Florida had to close its doors due to apparent technical difficulties, one angry customer couldn't understand and things escalated into a physical confrontation. Radio host and personality Andy Slater of 940 WINZ was nearby and caught the entire thing on camera.
:42 The breathtaking views from the world's highest bridge China's Yunnan and Guizho provinces are connected by the world's highest bridge. Sitting almost 2,000 feet in the sky, this newly opened structure really tests drivers' abilities to deal with dizzying heights.
Lawyers battle over evidence in AT&T-Time Warner suit With the curtain rising on the Justice Department's suit to block AT&T's $85 billion acquisition of Time Warner, lawyers for both sides spent Monday arguing over what evidence should be...
AT&T rejects DOJ's fee-hike claim AT&T wasted no time striking back at the Department of Justice's sealed claim that the telecom's takeover of Time Warner would increase average monthly pay-TV bills by 45 cents. In...
AT&T loses bid to obtain White House call logs AT&T has lost its bid to obtain correspondence between the White House and the Justice Department related to its pending deal to buy Time Warner. AT&T had sought call logs...
Hit movies, HBO growth help Time Warner beat estimates Box office hits from Warner Bros. — like “Wonder Woman” and “Justice League” — and strong subscriber growth from HBO, helped Time Warner produce better-than-expected fourth-quarter results, the media giant...
Feds appear to add economics expert for fight over AT&T-Time Warner merger The arm's race is underway. President Trump's regulators, gearing up for their much-anticipated legal showdown with AT&T, appear close to securing a star witness: well-regarded University of California at Berkeley...
AT&T urged to cut commercial ties with Chinese phone maker US lawmakers are urging AT&T, the No. 2 wireless carrier, to cut all commercial ties to Chinese phone maker Huawei Technologies and oppose plans by telecom operator China Mobile to...
AT&T boss touts big employee bonuses amid job cuts While Randall Stephenson gushes about holiday bonuses and creating jobs, he's been busy swinging the ax. The AT&T boss — citing a mountain of cash the telecom giant will keep...
Passing of GOP tax plan leads to payday for corporate employees Call them Trump dollars. Thousands of employees at some of the country's largest companies got an instant benefit from the tax-reform bill passed Wednesday — in the form of raises...
AT&T lays off DirecTV workers despite pledge to create jobs AT&T chief executive Randall Stephenson may be promising to create jobs if tax reform is passed — but that apparently doesn't mean there won't be job cuts on the way...
Morgan Freeman's lawyer has asked CNN to retract its report about sexual misconduct allegations against the actor.
The 10-page legal letter, obtained by The Hollywood Reporter, is addressed to Jeff Zucker, president of CNN, and claims the story has defamed and “inflicted serious injury” on Freeman's reputation and career.
“At a minimum, CNN immediately needs to issue a retraction and apologize to Mr. Freeman through the same channels, and with the same level of attention, that it used to unjustly attack him on May 24,” reads the letter from attorney Robert M. Schwartz. “CNN also needs to retract the portions of the story that concern Lori McCreary and apologize to her for defaming and injuring her.”
In the May 24 CNN report, eight women accused Freeman of sexual misconduct, describing multiple incidents of the actor's alleged inappropriate behavior throughout his career. In all, 16 people spoke to the news outlet as part of the investigation; eight witnesses and eight who claim to be victims. CNN entertainment reporter Chloe Melas— who co-authored the article with An Phung — was the only victim who spoke on the record.
As previously reported by THR, Freeman's Revelations co-founder McCreary was on the receiving end of controversial commentary by Freeman during a 2016 Produced By panel, when the actor commented about McCreary's outfit. “She wants to be thought of as serious,” he said in front of McCreary on the panel. “But you can't get away from the short dresses.”
At the time, THR‘s reporter observed that McCreary “did not visibly react to the comment,” but a former Revelations executive told CNN in the report that McCreary was upset. “I tried to console her and she was clearly upset, and I think she was surprised and found it hurtful and embarrassing,” the person said. “She was devastated.”
Meanwhile, The Blast is reporting that several of Freeman's accusers have consulted lawyers about possible legal action against the actor.
One of his accusers has reportedly spoken with Gloria Allred – the women's rights attorney who has brought cases against Weinstein and Bill Cosby. Sources say that other alleged victims have begun the process of hiring lawyers and that more women are preparing to come forward with accusations against Freeman.
The actor issued an apology following the reports, but later claimed it was wrong to equate the alleged incidents with sexual assault complaints like the ones made against Harvey Weinstein, Charlie Rose and others.
Consequences were swift after the report; Vancouver's public transporation system and Visa dropped marketing campaigns with the actor, while SAG-AFTRA said it was reconsidering the actor's Lifetime Achievement Award.
In his statement issued on Friday, Freeman reiterated his initial apology to anyone he “might have upset, however unintentionally” by indulging in “misplaced compliments or humor” but also wrote that he was “devastated” that his life's work might be undermined by the accusations.
He added, “I also want to be clear: I did not create unsafe work environments. I did not assault women. I did not offer employment or advancement in exchange for sex. Any suggestion that I did so is completely false.”
SOURCE: EURweb.com
Article Courtesy of EURweb
First Picture Courtesy of Kevin Winter and Getty Images
Second Picture Courtesy of Morgan Freeman and Getty Images
PHOTOS: Beyonce, Cardi B & More Kill It At Coachella 54 photos Launch gallery PHOTOS: Beyonce, Cardi B & More Kill It At Coachella 1. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 1 of 54 2. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 2 of 54 3. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 3 of 54 4. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 4 of 54 5. ENTERTAINMENT-COACHELLA-US-entertainment-music Source:Getty 5 of 54 6. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 6 of 54 7. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 7 of 54 8. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 8 of 54 9. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 9 of 54 10. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 10 of 54 11. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 11 of 54 12. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 12 of 54 13. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 13 of 54 14. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 14 of 54 15. ENTERTAINMENT-COACHELLA-US-entertainment-music Source:Getty 15 of 54 16. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 16 of 54 17. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 17 of 54 18. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 18 of 54 19. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 19 of 54 20. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 20 of 54 21. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 21 of 54 22. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 22 of 54 23. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 23 of 54 24. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 24 of 54 25. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 25 of 54 26. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 26 of 54 27. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 27 of 54 28. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 28 of 54 29. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 29 of 54 30. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 30 of 54 31. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 31 of 54 32. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 32 of 54 33. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 33 of 54 34. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 34 of 54 35. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 35 of 54 36. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 36 of 54 37. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 37 of 54 38. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 38 of 54 39. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 39 of 54 40. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 40 of 54 41. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 41 of 54 42. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 42 of 54 43. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 2 Source:Getty 43 of 54 44. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 44 of 54 45. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 45 of 54 46. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 46 of 54 47. US-ENTERTAINMENT-MUSIC-FESTIVAL-COACHELLA Source:Getty 47 of 54 48. US-ENTERTAINMENT-MUSIC-FESTIVAL-COACHELLA Source:Getty 48 of 54 49. US-ENTERTAINMENT-MUSIC-FESTIVAL-COACHELLA Source:Getty 49 of 54 50. US-ENTERTAINMENT-MUSIC-FESTIVAL-COACHELLA Source:Getty 50 of 54 51. US-ENTERTAINMENT-MUSIC-FESTIVAL-COACHELLA Source:Getty 51 of 54 52. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 52 of 54 53. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 53 of 54 54. 2018 Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival - Weekend 1 - Day 3 Source:Getty 54 of 54 Skip ad Continue reading PHOTOS: Beyonce, Cardi B & More Kill It At Coachella PHOTOS: Beyonce, Cardi B & More Kill It At Coachella
Morgan Freeman Considering Legal Action Against CNN Over Sexual Harassment Story was originally published on wzakcleveland.com
The state of Hawaii said aloha to the hapless emergency-management...
The ex-Hawaii state employee who sent a false ballistic missile alert that caused a 38-minute frenzy said Friday he was “100 percent sure” an actual attack was imminent.
Granting his first interviews since the scary Jan. 13 debacle, the employee said his decision to push a panic button that alerted Hawaiians of an impending attack was no accident — he really believed it.
“At the time I was 100 percent sure it was the correct decision, but you know what happened,” he told the Honolulu Star-Advertiser newspaper.
“I did what I was trained to do and I feel very badly about what happened.”
Speaking on condition on anonymity from his lawyer's office, the man said he now realizes he mistook a routine drill for an attack.
He somehow overlooked the words “exercise, exercise, exercise” at the start of the drill.
The fired emergency worker told NBC News he “didn't hear (the word) ‘exercise' at all in that whole transmission.”
When he realized the massive goof, the man said he “just wanted to crawl under a rock.”
“I regret this ever happened,” he said. “I feel terrible about it. I did what I thought was right at the time.”
The man moved to the mainland shortly after the incident and feared for his life.
“He's worried about getting killed,” his lawyer, Michael Green, told the Star-Advertiser.
“I think they came close to people figuring out who it is, and that clearly exposes him to great bodily harm.”
The fired employee insisted he's being scapegoated by Hawaiian officials and he is considering legal action against The Aloha State.
He might even demand back his job of 10 years, as a “warning officer” for the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency, Green said.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Congrats to 16 year old Jordan Horston who just returned home from Argentina after winning a gold medal at the FIBA Basketball World Cup Championships. Horston was one of 12 girls to represent the USA and is a rising junior at Afrocentric High School.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
Horston first tried out for the team in Colorado followed by many games that took them to the final championship game in Argentina where they beat Canada for the gold medal. Horston returned to family and friends Tuesday June 13 at the John Glenn International Airport and was taken to a surprise welcome home party later that evening.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Everest CC Masters register second win on tour to Suriname
Everest Cricket Club Masters recorded their second victory in as many matches on their tour to neighbouring Suriname.
The Guyanese defeated host Snellen Park by four runs in a T20 fixture played on Wednesday. Everest Masters took first strike on a difficult pitch and managed 79-8 with Saheed Mohamed 28 not out, Imtiaz Sadik 13 and Rakesh Gangaram 10 being the only batsmen to reach double figures. Bharat Dilshan claimed 3-20.
Snellen Park were bowled out for 75 in 19.5 overs in reply. Kamo Hardat scored 23 as Mohamed picked up 2-12, Sadik 2-16 and Gangaram 2-18. Mohamed was named man-of-the-match, while the visitors were presented with trophies compliments of Suriname Cricket Board.
Windies vs Afghanistan game washed out
By Sean Devers in St Lucia
In association with Vnet Communications
Noble House Seafood, Baksh Travel Service,
Payless Varity Store & Golden Arrow Inn in St Lucia
It was a frustrating and futile wait for the officials, media and the teams, especially Afghanistan seeking to become the first associate team to win an ODI series against West Indies, as the final ODI was washed out at the Darren Sammy Cricket Ground last night without a ball being bowled as the three match series ended 1-all.
Despite torrential overnight rain which continued for most yesterday, Afghanistan would be the happiest of the teams as they became the first associate team not to suffer a series loss against the West Indies.
The 50-over contest, set to commence 14:30hrs was delayed due to a wet outfield and persistent drizzle and when the skies cleared and the covers were removed from the square, play was scheduled to begin at 16:45hrs and the overs reduced to 43 per side.
However, the rain returned and although the contest could have stared not later than 20:15hrs with a 20 overs affair, the rain did not stop and the match was called off at 19:10hrs.
Afghanistan became the first team ranked lower than West Indies to beat them in an ODI in their own back yard when pulled off a 63-run victory in the opening game on Friday before West Indies won by four wickets on Sunday to level the series.
Eighteen-year-old leg-spinner Rashid Khan befuddled the West Indies and grabbed 7-18, the fourth best figures recorded in the 44-year history of ODI cricket and the most wickets by any bowler in the three-match series even with last night's game being abandoned.
Khan whose next assignment is suiting up for the Guyana Amazon Warriors in this year's CPL, was predictably named Man-of-the-Series for his 10 wickets in two matches.
"Both of our moms didn't know what that meant and so it resulted in [this]," Hanna explained, showing the throwback photos of her and Jennifer.
"I myself didn't know what a 'half up half down' hairstyle was back then so I was unaware of the mistake and went along with it," she added.
2 for-hire drivers assaulted day after attack on cabbie A pair of for-hire drivers were assaulted Sunday morning in The Bronx and Brooklyn – one of them stabbed and the other punched by a passenger – just a day...
Cuffed woman managed to grab cop's crotch at police station She shouldn't have copped this feel. A woman got a little too frisky with a Bronx police officer when she squeezed his crotch with both hands — while cuffed from...
Handicapped parking spot dispute leaves man on life support WINDER, Ga. — An Alabama man accused of severely beating a Georgia man in a dispute over a handicapped parking spot has been charged with aggravated battery. Morris Ellis was...
Wife alleges NYPD husband's abuse included false arrest A flight attendant is suing her NYPD-captain husband, claiming he waged a campaign of booze-fueled abuse against her — including damaging her career by having his cop buddies arrest her...
Woman who hit neighbor, yelled n-word at kids gets jail PORTLAND, Ore. — A Portland woman has been sentenced to 45 days in jail for hitting a neighbor on the head with a beer bottle in a confrontation that started...
College student dies after girl gang's suspected racist attack An 18-year-old Egyptian student has died three weeks after she was brutally battered by a 10-strong girl gang in a suspected racist attack. Mariam Moustafa was left in a coma...
Student carrying Trump flag assaulted during school walkout A student carrying a flag emblazoned with the word “Trump” was assaulted outside a high school in Minneapolis during Wednesday's national school walkout, police said. The unidentified flag-waving student was...
Girlfriend's samurai sword attack on man 'scared the living poop' out of him An Oregon man whose girlfriend allegedly tried to slaughter him with a samurai sword says the vicious attack “scared the living poop” out of him. Alex Lovell, 29, said he...
Guard slashed in face at Rikers Island A Rikers inmate assaulted two correction officers — slashing one in the face — just a week after a guard had her nose broken and a month after another officer's...
Its innovative light masks were invented to assist the equine industry with bloodstock reproduction efficiencies, but Kildare-based Equilume's newly-developed Bovine Light Masks have also been making strides in the farming world.
Initial trials of the mask have seen a 9% increase in milk yields, it was announced last week.
Each light mask incorporates a customised blue light for cows, which allows them to remain outdoors at grass and still benefit from light's ability to stimulate higher milk yields. Equilume was founded as a UCD spin-out company in 2012 by Dr Barbara Murphy, and is headquartered at Ladytown Business Park, Naas.
Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
- Advertisement -
NORRISTOWN, Penn. — Closing arguments in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial began Tuesday, the culmination of a dramatic retrial in which a series of women testified that the comedian drugged and assaulted them.
Cosby, 80, is technically only charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault against one person, Andrea Constand. The 45-year-old claims Cosby drugged and sexually assaulted her at his home in January 2004. In this trial, unlike the first, prosecutors were allowed to call five additional accusers in addition to Constand.
In a two-hour closing statement, Cosby's defense team painted Andrea Constand as a “con artist” and a “pathological liar” seeking fame and fortune and willing to extort Cosby in pursuit of those goals.
Defense attorney Kathleen Bliss began the opening statement, suggesting that Constand and the other women who testified were “were motivated by a common movement, many of them represented by the same attorney,” she said, referring to lawyer Gloria Allred and her attorney daughter Lisa Bloom. Bliss emphasized a proposal from Allred for a $100 million settlement fund in 2014. “You heard about the $100 million fund.”
Tom Messereau, lead attorney for the defense, repeatedly emphasized what he said were discrepancies in Constand's testimony. Mesereau told the jury the case is about a “blind 80-year-old man with a successful career facing absolute ruin.”
“This woman will say anything. She will absolutely say anything. She's a pathological liar,” he added.
Mesereau walked the jury through a PowerPoint presentation, pointing to 12 inconsistent statements about the nature of her relationship with Cosby, including whether they had flirted prior to the alleged assault, whether they were ever alone together and whether or not she had been in bed with him. He said her statements were not simply “inconsistencies … they are lies.”
Bliss also questioned the prosecution's decision to bring in witnesses to testify that Cosby assaulted them more than thirty years ago.
“How unfair is that?,” she said. “Digging up stuff from three decades ago.”
She also told the jury that they should not allow the #MeToo movement that has exposed scores of men in the media, entertainment and business worlds as sexual harassers, to sway their decision.
“Don't get me wrong bad things definitely happen. But, ladies and gentlemen not every accusation is true. Your common sense tells you that,” she said. “We do have to deal with sexual assault. It's a worldwide problem, just like we do with sexual harassment, pay disparity, social inequality,” she said.
“But questioning an accuser is not shaming them,” she added.
Earlier Tuesday morning,as the defense and prosecution prepared for their closing arguments during a 12th day of trial, Cosby's wife, Camille, entered the courtroom alone. She went up to her husband at the defense table, offering him words of encouragement and a kiss before taking her seat in the front row. She had previously been absent from the courtroom as prosecutors called a half dozen accusers who testified that Cosby drugged and sexually assaulted them.
The prosecution has tried to portray Cosby as a serial sexual predator who preyed upon younger women by drugging and sexually assaulting them.
The "smart" window can quickly change from clear to dark and back again, depending on the light.
New smart-window technology that can tint glass, changing it from fully transparent to dark in less than 1 minute, could help cut the costs of heating and cooling buildings by up to 20 percent, according to a new study.
The smart windows, developed by engineers at Stanford University and described in a study published online Aug. 9 in the journal Joule, rely on a completely different principle compared to existing alternatives known as dynamic windows. The new approach uses a polymer gel containing metal ions applied on top of a transparent electrode. When voltage is applied, the metal ions plate the electrodes, blocking all wavelengths of light. After the opposite voltage is applied, the windows switch back to being transparent.
The new approach offers several advantages compared to existing electrochromic window technologies, said Michael McGehee, a professor of materials science and engineering at Stanford University, who led the research. [11 Odd and Intriguing Smart Home Technologies]
"Lots of people would like to have dynamically tinted windows, and I don't think that they are rushing to buy the available products, in part, because it's too expensive," McGehee told Live Science. "Available electrochromic windows have a couple of microns of relatively expensive electrochromic material. The process to put that material down is quite costly."
McGehee added that the process developed by his team, which involves injecting the polymer solution into the glass, is inherently less expensive and could pave the way for more widespread use of tinting windows, especially in construction.
The technology, according to McGehee, is so far used mostly in aircraft and cars. Boeing, for example, fitted tinting windows into its flagship 787
Dreamliner jet airliner. Some luxury carmakers also use electrochromic materials to manufacture rearview mirrors. But with lower costs, the use of this type of technology could expand further, the researchers said.
"They can be used in windows of all kinds of buildings, homes, larger commercial buildings," McGehee added. "We have been talking to automobile companies, and they are very interested in having it in the sunroof or in the back windows. Eyeglasses are an exciting application, especially for people who wear glasses all the time and need the prescription lenses."
In buildings, tinting windows could help slash the cost of heating and cooling by up to 20 percent, by allowing people to adjust how much light enters a room, McGehee said.
In addition to the completely transparent or completely dark modes, the windows can be tinted partially, filtering out only some light, McGehee said. People inside the room would still be able to see outside clearly, similar to if they were wearing sunglasses.
"You can block 90 percent of the light to reduce the glare, but you can see what's out there," McGehee said. "It's not like if you have blinds or in an airplane — when you pull the plastic down, then your view is completely gone."
McGehee said that compared to earlier technologies, the new dynamic windows are more durable, thanks to the use of metal, which does not degrade due to sun exposure. During the experiment, theresearchers switched the windows on and off at least 5,500 times and saw no change in the transmission of light.
The windows also filter out all wavelengths equally, including blue, which earlier technologies let in more abundantly, according to the researchers.
"Some of the other windows look blue, and the people inside look blue since they let more blue light through than other wavelengths," McGehee said.
So far, the researchers have built small-scale prototypes that measure 10 square inches (25 square centimeters), but said they are already in talks with manufacturers that could help them scale up the technology.
Original article on Live Science.
“Because we've always done it that way.” During my 12-year tenure as a special agent with the US Secret Service, I heard those words all too often. The agency, in...
LAKE WALES, Fla. — Paris Hall, 12, says she was terrified to wake up Monday morning to find a burglar in her room. But, she will also tell you she remained calm, cool, and collected.
Her grandparents think her calm demeanor helped keep her safe. Paris thinks so too.
“I feel like if I would've got scared, he would've got scared,” Hall told ABC Action News reporter Michael Paluska.
Hall was home alone and said she heard her light switch turn on around 9 a.m. Monday morning. At first, she thought a family member was in her room. Then she saw a man she didn't recognize.
“I had rolled over and I have seen some stranger looking behind my TV so I was kind of confused and said ‘excuse me what are you doing?' I had an old phone that doesn't work, it was sitting on my dresser. So, I guess, he looked at that and made up an excuse; 'Oh my uncle told me to come get my phone' and in my mind, I was thinking OK. I guess my granddad must be his uncle.”
She still told the man to leave. When he went out the back door she was even more confused. Then she saw the kitchen window was shattered.
“I put two and two together and figured my granddad wasn't his uncle,” Paris said. “I was very scared at that point I didn't know what to do.”
She called for help. Her granddad told her to run to a neighbors house and call 911. When she ran out the front door the man was waiting for her.
“He was standing in the front yard and he asked me ‘what time do your parents get back home?' I was really calm about it because I didn't want to trigger him or alarm him. He said ‘do you want to come outside and chill with me for a little while?' Then I went in the house and got a knife and then I told him to leave. I went over to the neighbor's house I was scared I was crying my heart was beating.”
Paris is scared to be in the house alone or sleep by herself. She hopes someone will recognize the man and call police.
The suspect is described as a black male, approximately 5' 7', short hair wearing a white hat particle facial hair, white shirt with red and blue stripes, aside washed shorts, and red, white, and blue Air Jordan shoes.
If you have any information on the identity of the suspect contact Detective Metz at 863-678-4223.
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
Project info
This series of pictures is the result of the collaboration between Chinese Tibetan choreographer Laba Zhaxi and Laurent Hou. The collaboration included a road trip in Qinghai (from Qilian's mountains to Qinghai lake), shooting dance in Qinghai and in Beijing.
“Jue”, which could be roughly translated by “awareness” or “perception”, is a performance that Laba Zhaxi created by mixing contemporary dance with Tibetan culture.
This series of pictures is Laurent Hou's personal take on the same subject. The photographer aims at creating complex works that challenge perception and create powerful emotions. He decided to combine the dancers' powerful body language with the snowy and misty landscapes of Qinghai that left a deep and almost mystical impression on him. Laurent Hou also wanted to add a more personal element to the pictures in order to make them even more expressive and to give them a painterly look. As he has been painting from a very young age, he decided to make paintings and include them in the pictures. Although he used traditional Chinese ink and paper, he also resorted to more contemporary techniques, like dripping inspired by Pollock. He painted at night very intuitively, listening to music in order to be in the right emotional flow.
Pictures in this series are therefore composed of three pictures that are combined using various post-processing techniques: a landscape photography, a photography from the original dance show, and a photography of a painting by the photographer himself.
The pictures bring the viewer into a dreamy world which challenges his perception. It is an imaginary trip in which dance, photography and painting meet, as well as traditional and contemporary culture.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption £78.9m has been allocated overall for research
Universities and further education colleges in Wales will see overall funding rise by £17.5m over the next year.
The overall budget is increasing to £138.2m for the forthcoming academic year.
Higher Education Funding Council for Wales (Hefcw) chief executive Dr David Blaney said this reflected "a new funding landscape".
He said it would ensure institutions were better resourced in future.
The sector has already received an extra £21.4m over the last few months, which included:
An extra £6.24m to deal with demographic changes and the impact of Brexit
£1.2m towards setting up an Institute for Coding
£1.7m to ease pressures on the performing arts
The money coming in is going up overall but Hefcw, for another year at least, has to make funding adjustments in cash given to universities based on the actual available budget when everything has been worked out.
This means a reduction of £12.5m to 13 higher education institutions although the gap is closing and is expected to disappear completely by 2019-20.
For Cardiff University - with by far the biggest allocation - it is £6.1m less through this funding adjustment.
However, while all universities are taking their share of this, funding to the sector overall has gone up.
With the recommendations of the Diamond review of student and university finance coming in, Hefcw expects its future income to rise during the lifetime of the current Welsh Government.
The Georgia recruiting classs for 2017 is like Hansel from the movie Zoolander: “So hot right now.”
When the clock struck midnight on the year of 2016, the Dawgs had 20 commits, giving them the third ranked recruiting class in the country according the 247sports' team recruiting rankings, trailing only Alabama and Ohio State.
In less than 48 hours into 2017, Georgia now has 23 commits.
Deangelo Gibbs
In the third quarter of Under Armour All-American game, Georgia got a pledge from DeAngelo Gibbs. Gibbs, from Grayson High School in Loganville, Ga, is the nation's no. 40 player according to 247sports' composite rankings, including the nation's no. 3 safety.
Gibbs is now Georgia's fourth highest rated commit for the class of 2017 and he is an intriguing prospect. At 6'2, 204 lbs, Gibbs was originally listed as a cornerback, but during his senior year was changed to safety. And during the Under Armour All-American game, Gibbs exclusively played wide receiver, and he consistently blew past all-american cornerbacks.
After graduating in December, Gibbs will enroll early in just a few days and take part in spring practice. Wherever Gibbs lines up in Athens, one thing is certain: He is an elite athlete that should be able to make a big immediate impact between the hedges.
Tray Bishop
Later on Monday evening at the Army All-American game, Georgia got more good news.
With all eight of the Bulldogs' commits on the East roster setting up for a photo shoot, Tray Bishop decided to surprise everyone when he jumped in the picture and decided to commit to the G.
Bishop, like Gibbs, is another intriguing prospect. At 6'3, 193 lbs, Bishop, from Terrell County in Dawson, Ga, is the no. 149 player in the nation and the no. 4 athlete. He de-committed from Auburn about a month ago and re-opened his recruitment.
The Tigers recruited Bishop to play quarterback, but he also projects as a wide receiver, cornerback, or safety at the next level. According to Bishop, Kirby Smart and Mel Tucker are recruiting him to play defense, most likely as a corner.
Monty Rice
If landing two four-star commitments on Sunday wasn't enough for the Bulldog Nation, they were awoken on Monday morning to find out that the three-star linebacker had flipped from the LSU Tigers to the Bulldogs.
On Dec. 12, Monty Rice shocked many recruiting experts by picking the Tigers over the Bulldogs since 100 percent of his 13 crystal ball predictions were to Georgia.
The Alabama-native is listed at 6'1, 227 lbs, and while he might be listed as a three-star prospect on 247sports, Rice has offers from all of the major programs in the southeast and multiple other recruiting services list him as a four-star.
Rice, like Gibbs, is another early enrollee, and will give the Dawgs some much-needed depth at inside linebacker this spring.
247sports Class Rankings
More from Dawn of the Dawg
1. Alabama (311.07): 26 commits. 4 five-stars, 17 four-stars, 4 three-stars
2. Ohio State (300.79): 17 commits. 6 five-stars, 10 four-stars, 1 three-star
3. Georgia (300.61): 23 commits. 2 five-stars, 17 four-stars, 4 three-stars
4. Michigan (279.07): 26 commits. 1 five-star, 16 four-stars, 9 three-stars
The Bulldogs still have the third ranked class in the nation, but only trail the Buckeyes by percentage points and are lightyears ahead of the fourth-ranked class.
This article originally appeared on
