May 3 Italeaf Spa
* Ternienergia clarifies on agreement to build microgrids in India
* Contract subscribed with Indian company is only to construct first 3 micro-grid plants for total power of 3.5 mw, consideration of about $3 mln
* Consideration of $10 million is referred to entire first phase of pipeline already defined for power installed of about 8.5 mw
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
Accell Group, the maker of Dutch bicycle brands Sparta and Batavus, has ended talks with Pon Holdings regarding a takeover bid from the Dutch transportation conglomerate as the offer was not high enough, it said on Tuesday.
Accell Group said it was ending the discussions after it decided an improved offer of 33 euros per share (excluding the dividend of 0.72 euro for 2016) did not "sufficiently reflect the future value creation of Accell Group and the expected synergies."
The company added that the bid did not have sufficient shareholder support.
Accell Group announced Pon's initial bid of 32.72 euros per share in cash, including the 2016 proposed dividend on April 11, sending its shares up almost 20 percent.
A successful merger would have created one of the world's largest makers of bikes and electric bikes and brought more than a dozen brands together.
(This story has been refiled to fix extraneous and missing words in lead, tense in fifth paragraph)
(Reporting by Alan Charlish, editing by Louise Heavens)
May 2 Airboss Of America Corp
* Airboss of america - announced changes to segmented financial reporting reflecting adjustments made in organizational and governance structures of certain business units
* Airboss of america - will disclose information for two new reporting segments in addition to corporate segment: rubber solutions and engineered products
* Airboss of america corp - reorganized engineered products segment will combine defense business with automotive products business Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ABC canceled its hit reboot of "Roseanne" on Tuesday, May 29, 2018, following star Roseanne Barr's racist tweet that referred to former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett as a product of the Muslim Brotherhood and the "Planet of the Apes." File photo by Richard Shotwell Invision/AP
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
March 31 iNtRON Biotechnology Inc :
* Says it received patent on March 31, for novel streptococcus iniae bacteriophage str-inp-1 and its use for preventing proliferation of streptococcus iniae
* Patent number is 10-2015-0141281
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/7d0ygA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
From the Harford County Sheriff's Office:
On Tuesday, February 14, 2017, at approximately 4:23 pm, deputies at the Harford County Detention Center were alerted to an unsuccessful suicide attempt by an inmate.
Medical attention was rendered and the inmate was subsequently transported by air to the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center. Injuries at this time do not appear to be life-threatening.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Garry Monk has put his first stake in the ground as Birmingham City manager, sending a couple of million pounds to Union Berlin in exchange for Kristian Pedersen.
The Danish left back becomes the first signing of what everyone hopes will be a long relationship between Monk and Blues because in the crazy world of the Championship nothing says success like longevity.
Indeed just a few weeks into his first transfer window Monk has already signed more players than his predecessor Steve Cotterill, who will not doubt point to the failure to bring in Jordan Hugill or Kasey Palmer as contributing factors towards his decline.
By contrast Cotterill's predecessor, had the run of the house, bringing in 13 new faces last summer.
As with all transfers some have stuck, some haven't, so here's a trip down memory lane via every Blues' manager's first signing going all the way back to Barry Fry.
Garry Monk - Kristian Pedersen (undisclosed, Union Berlin)
(Image: Roy Smiljanic/bcfc.com)
Not too much was known about the left back when the rumour first broke, but he came through the ranks of Danish football and spent a couple of years in the German second tier.
“When we try and recruit a player there are things we look for,” Monk explained.
“Is he young and hungry and looking to prove a point? Is he already at a good level in terms of his development but is he someone who we can try to take to a different level?
“Those things are all part of what you look for in a player and Kristian fits that mould perfectly. He's young, he's aggressive and he's fit.”
Harry Redknapp - David Stockdale (free, Brighton)
People were as pleased as they were surprised by Redknapp's recruitment of a goalkeeper who had been recognised as the best in the division as part of Brighton's promotion team the previous season.
Goalkeeper wasn't perceived by many fans to be a weakness but it was difficult not to be impressed by the ambitious capture of the best one outside the Premier League.
However, he's already considered to be surplus to requirements and a move to Leeds has been mooted after a season in which he fell short of lofty expectations.
Gianfranco Zola - Craig Gardner (loan, then £1m,West Brom)
(Image: BCFC)
Lukas Jutkiewicz was actually the first deal done during the Zola tenure - but that had been set up by Gary Rowett.
The first fresh face through the door was a very familiar one, Craig Gardner who was given a return to the club he represented - and supported - with immense distinction during the Premier League years.
The homecoming hasn't been a disaster, he remains the one player in the Blues central midfield best placed to put the ball in the right areas of the pitch.
But he's clearly not the same player who left the club in 2011 although a proper pre-season will help him no end.
Gary Rowett - Michael Morrison (loan, undisclosed, Charlton)
Signed within a few days of Rowett's arrival - on the back of Blues shipping eight to Bournemouth - and made an immediate impression.
Morrison played well in his first match at Wolves after just a couple of training sessions and within a couple of months had been purchased permanently from Charlton in a stunning piece of business.
Since then he has been a stalwart for the most part, and while there have been wobbles during the turbulence of the last 18 months, he looked back to his best under Monk at the end of last term.
Lee Clark - Peter Lovenkrands (free, Newcastle)
Released by Clark's former team, the Geordie wasted no time in offering the 32-year-old another two years.
Clark said: “He did very well for Newcastle, has scored goals at this level and he played a huge part in getting them promoted from this division, actually winning the league. When I spoke to him about the move he made a decision very quickly.”
Which was no mere gesture because Blues' financial position was parlous.
However, his two years at Blues turned out to be the final ones of his professional career.
Things started well, he scored on his debut in the League Cup hammering of Barnet but just seven more would follow before he was released in 2014.
Chris Hughton - Adam Rooney (free, Inverness Caledonian Thistle)
Blues landed on their feet when Chris Hughton arrived amid the chaos of relegation and his single season was hugely entertaining.
Rooney arrived on the back of 21 goals in 42 Scottish Premier League games for Thistle and as Stoke City's youngest ever hat-trick scorer.
He bagged seven in 29 in all competitions for Blues and was loaned to Swindon in a deal that brought Paul Caddis the other way.
Alex McLeish - David Murphy (£1.5m Hibernian)
McLeish was thrilled with the left back's signing in January 2008, having come up against him as Rangers manager.
He played in the side which was relegated at the end of that season but was first choice for much of the following campaign as Blues regained their top flight status.
However, an injury curse that was to blight him for much of the rest of his Blues career struck in April 2009 when he split his knee cap.
That kept him out of the entire 2009/2010 campaign but he returned in the Carling Cup/relegation season and was on the bench at Wembley.
He had a good campaign under Chris Hughton and scored the goal at Club Brugge which wasn't Chris Wood's and didn't become immortalised.
Unfortunately the knee injury that was to become a major bump in the road came in November 2012 and he retired, two days after his 30th birthday, in March 2014.
All in all he played 132 times for Blues and left fans wanting more.
Steve Bruce - Steve Vickers (£425,000 Middlesbrough)
Vickers actually played against Blues - in the 1991 Leyland Daf final for Tranmere.
Ten years later the experienced centre back joined on loan for a couple of months at the end of 2001, then Bruce came in and within a week had paid nearly half a million to take him full time.
The pair had worked briefly together at Crystal Palace .
Vickers was part of the side which won promotion at the Millennium Stadium - and played the first 71 minutes of the play-off final before giving way to a certain Darren Carter.
However, he was injured before the start of the club's first top flight campaign in 16 years and managed just six more appearances before retiring.
Trevor Francis - Steve Bruce (free, Manchester United)
The first of five Premiership players brought to the club by Francis in August 1996 and although there were regular reports of bust-ups, even at the age of 35 an 36 the defender ended up playing a fulsome part in two seasons.
He made 84 appearances for the club - amid rumours he was set to replace Francis as a player-manager, before accepting that exact role at Sheffield United in the summer of 1998.
Blues couldn't quite get over the line with him as a player, but in 2001 he did replace Francis and completed the job as a manager.
Barry Fry - er, not sure
It says as much about the revolving door at St Andrew's during Fry's tenure as it does the gathering mists of time, that It is difficult to pinpoint which one of Fry's many, many signings was actually the first.
What is clear, though, is that he was busy and brought in eight players within a month of arriving from Peterborough in December 1993.
Half-a-dozen of them were paraded at a single press conference in December/January.
Gary Cooper and Ian Bennett came from Peterborough, Kenny Lowe from Stoke, records show they arrived on the same day.
Dave Barnett came from, well, Barnet, Roger Willis from Watford, the Steves Claridge and McGavin and Liam Daish - like Claridge from Cambridge.
Fry would go on to lead Blues to a league and cup double but the door never stopped revolving under his charge.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
April 13 Sandmartin International- :
* Update On Legal Proceedings
* Application by zhi charles for an injunction order in summons 2 was dismissed by court
* Application by zhi charles for an injunction order in summons 1 was dismissed by court
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
* Crown weakens near former cap level at 27 vs the euro * French elections, global inflation retreat are risks to CEE fx * Czech Treasury bill auction strongly oversubscribed * No sign of central bank hawkishness despite surge in wages (Adds Czech Treasury bill auction) By Sandor Peto and Jason Hovet BUDAPEST/PRAGUE, April 20 The Czech crown extended its losses against the euro on Thursday as investors sitting on a huge pile of long positions struggle to take profits, with risks from Sunday's first round of the French presidential election weighing on sentiment. Investors are concerned that either or both of the far-right and far-left French candidates, both of whom are Eurosceptic and anti-euro, might make the decisive second round. The crown is vulnerable after investors bought tens of billions of euros worth of the currency in the past months, speculating on a surge. The Czech central bank removed its cap, which had kept the crown weaker than 27 against the euro since 2013, two weeks ago, and most of the crown long positions are still in the market, with investors waiting for stronger levels to take profits. After an initial surge following the cap exit, the crown has retreated. On Thursday it almost touched the former cap level, before rebounding to 26.92 by 1100 GMT, still down by 0.2 percent. "It is a combination of the huge positioning (in the crown) and external factors," one Prague-based dealer said, adding that a plunge was unlikely for now, but a breach of 27.05 could lead to an even bigger fall. The country's second Treasury bill auction since the removal of the cap draw robust interest, with demand for the 5 billion crowns worth of 17-week papers reaching 28.4 billion crowns. The government sold 20.4 billion crowns worth of bills. The average yield rose though, to -0.35 percent from -1.25 percent at an auction two weeks ago. With cheap crown financing through swaps still available, investors can still earn even when yields on short-term debt remain below zero. "Anyone who has euros and swaps to crowns and buys T-bills has a nice carry between 1.5 and 2 percent," a dealer said. Commerzbank analysts said in a note that increased crown volatility, until the crown long positions are reduced, was no surprise. It is also a risk that inflation is retreating again globally, and if that triggers speculation for a reintroduction of a cap, a crown sell-off could follow, they said, adding though that this scenario was unlikely. Regional central banks have not showed intentions to move towards less loose policies despite a surge in wages which in theory could lift prices. Poland reported 5.2 percent annual rise in wages for March on Wednesday and Hungary a 10.7 percent jump on Thursday. Romania, where the net average wage was up 14.7 percent in February, plans further wage increases. CEE SNAPS AT 1300 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 26.92 26.87 -0.16 0.32% 00 65 % Hungary 313.4 313.6 +0.0 -1.48 forint 500 400 6% % Polish 4.267 4.251 -0.37 3.20% zloty 4 4 % Romanian 4.541 4.538 -0.06 -0.13 leu 0 4 % % Croatian 7.454 7.447 -0.09 1.36% kuna 0 5 % Serbian 123.5 123.5 +0.0 -0.16 dinar 500 750 2% % Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 973.4 967.5 +0.6 +5.6 7 4 1% 3% Budapest 32860 32688 +0.5 +2.6 .99 .09 3% 8% Warsaw 2285. 2274. +0.4 +17. 62 69 8% 34% Bucharest 8203. 8196. +0.0 +15. 13 11 9% 78% Ljubljana 771.7 779.3 -0.97 +7.5 9 3 % 5% Zagreb 1953. 1962. -0.44 -2.08 44 10 % % Belgrade 4 4 2% 4% Sofia 653.0 658.6 -0.84 +11. 9 1 % 37% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 5 bps 5-year bps s 10-year bps Poland 2-year 1 bps 5-year bps s 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.33 0.35 0.42 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.23 0.31 0.39 0.16 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.747 1.79 1.83 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ (Additional reporting by Radu Marinas in Bucharest; Editing by Catherine Evans)
May 2 Selecta Biosciences Inc
* Selecta biosciences obtains license for recombinant immunotoxin lmb-100 from national cancer institute (nci) for pancreatic cancer, mesothelioma and other cancers
* Selecta biosciences inc - under terms of license agreement, nci will receive an upfront payment of $50,000 from selecta
* Selecta biosciences-nci entitled upto $9.25 million for milestones, low single-digit royalties on worldwide annual sales of any resulting commercialized treatment Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
The sign of AkzoNobel is pictured at its headquarters in Amsterdam February 6, 2014. REUTERS/Toussaint Kluiters/United Photos
AMSTERDAM Templeton Global Equity said on Thursday it is among a group of investors calling for an extraordinary meeting of Akzo Nobel (AKZO.AS) shareholders to discuss whether Antony Burgmans should remain chairman of the Dutch paint maker.
"We have made no commitment as to how we may vote ... but we do expect Akzo Nobel to respect shareholders' rights to request that such a discussion takes place," the fund, a long-term shareholder that owns a 3.9 percent stake in Akzo, said in a statement.
Akzo's boards are trying to fend off a 24.6 billion euro ($26.18 billion) takeover by U.S. rival PPG Industries (PPG.N), saying it undervalues the company. On Wednesday, Akzo said it would consider calling an extraordinary meeting - but that it would not allow a shareholder vote on Burgmans' position.
($1 = 0.9397 euros)
(Reporting by Toby Sterling. Editing by Jane Merriman)
L-R top candidates for Germany's upcoming general elections Alice Weidel and Alexander Gauland of the anti-immigration party Alternative for Germany (AFD) stand on stage with Beatrix von Storch, Andre Poggenburg, Albrecht Glaser and Frauke Petry after being nominated at the AFD party congress in Cologne Germany, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Party leaders Frauke Petry and Joerg Meuthen of Germany's anti-immigration party Alternative for Germany (AFD) during an AFD party congress in Cologne Germany, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Party leader Joerg Meuthen congratulates Alice Weidel of Germany's anti-immigration party Alternative for Germany (AFD) during an AFD party congress in Cologne Germany, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Alice Weidel of Germany's anti-immigration party Alternative for Germany (AFD) during an AFD party congress in Cologne Germany, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Alexander Gauland of Germany's anti-immigration party Alternative for Germany (AFD) kisses the hand of party chairwoman Frauke Petry as Joerg Meuthen looks on during an AFD party congress in Cologne Germany, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
Top candidates for the German elections Alice Weidel and Alexander Gauland of Germany's anti-immigration party Alternative for Germany (AFD) during an AFD party congress in Cologne Germany, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
COLOGNE, Germany The anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party on Sunday chose a tough-talking former member of Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and an economist to lead its campaign for a September election in a line-up likely to drag the group further right.
The party stole voters from Merkel during the migrant crisis but now looks less of a threat to her bid for a fourth term, with 8-10 percent in polls.
The AfD has bled a third of its support as the refugee influx slowed while infighting and a controversy about how to deal with Germany's Nazi past damaged the party's image.
A majority of AfD delegates at a congress in the western city of Cologne backed 76-year-old publicist Alexander Gauland and Alice Weidel, a 38-year-old former investment banker, as candidates fronting the party's bid to win seats in the national parliament for the first time in a Sept. 24 election.
The vote followed a surprise announcement on Wednesday by co-leader Frauke Petry, the party's public face, that she would not lead the AfD's election campaign - a move that could boost mainstream parties such as Merkel's conservatives.
Gero Neugebauer, a Berlin-based political expert, said the choice of candidates would not affect the party's prospects because most AfD members would not vote based on the people representing it as they have no chance of power. But the duo chosen signalled the party was shifting further right, he said.
"Both people represent the AfD as a party that wants to present itself as middle-class, conservative and economically liberal but which is in essence a party that is moving further to the right," Neugebauer said.
Georg Pazderski, head of the AfD in Berlin, told Reuters the AfD was not moving right but was often blamed for comments made by individual members.
The party represented views ranging from liberal conservative to national conservative "but of course on the foundation of the Constitution, the free and democratic basic order", Pazderski said.
Gauland is widely seen as a supporter of senior AfD member Bjoern Hoecke, who caused outrage in January by calling Berlin's Holocaust Memorial a "monument of shame" and demanding a "180 degree turnarounds" in Germany's attempts to atone for Nazi crimes.
A lawyer who grew up in the former communist East before fleeing to West Germany to go to university, Gauland once compared refugees coming to Germany with barbarians who brought down the Roman Empire.
Sporting his trademark tweed jacket in Cologne, Gauland said the AfD wanted "to keep the country we inherited from our mothers and fathers" and preserve German identity, adding: "We're proud to be Germans."
He said Merkel, whom the AfD attacks for allowing in more than a million migrants over the last two years, must be overthrown so Germans can get their country back, drawing applause from delegates who shouted: "Merkel needs to go!"
Weidel, a little-known figure in the AfD and seen as more moderate, is in favour of expelling Hoecke.
A critic of the euro who has worked in China, Weidel has sought to establish herself as an economic expert. She recently stepped up her criticism of Islam, accusing Germany's Central Council of Muslims of "never credibly distancing itself from the Stone Age sharia and religious fundamentalism".
Speaking in Cologne, she said the AfD would get into regional parliaments in Schleswig-Holstein and North Rhine-Westphalia in state elections in May. "Then we'll rock Germany" and become the only "real opposition party" in the lower house after September's election, she said.
"Political correctness belongs to the scrap heap of history," she added.
The AfD, which has lurched to the right since being founded as an anti-euro party in 2013, is treated as a pariah by established political groups, which refuse to work with it.
Delegates refused on Saturday to discuss Petry's motion to shift the party into the "mainstream" and be prepared to join coalitions after an election in 2021.
Petry told Reuters the AfD should have decided at the congress on its future strategy and drawn red lines, adding the AfD could learn from France's Marine Le Pen as her National Front had seen election results improve since doing so.
(additional reporting by Hans-Edzard Busemann and Reuters Television; Writing by Michelle Martin; Editing by Jane Merriman and Dale Hudson)
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business, deepening a spat between the partners.
FILE PHOTO: A logo of Toshiba Corp is seen on a printed circuit board in this photo illustration taken in Tokyo July 31, 2012. REUTERS/Yuriko Nakao
TOKYO Western Digital Corp (WDC.O), the U.S. partner of Toshiba Corp (6502.T) in a semiconductor venture, is in talks with Japanese government-backed investors and would consider a joint bid with them for the chip business, a senior official said on Thursday.
"We want to find a way to ensure we are aligned with INCJ and DBJ," Mark Long, chief financial officer, told Reuters in an interview, referring to state-backed fund Innovation Network Corp of Japan (INCJ) and the Development Bank of Japan (DBJ).
Asked whether a joint bid was possible, Long said, "It could be."
Teaming up the government-backed players would give Western Digital a big advantage as it would represent a government stamp of approval.
But another U.S. bidder, chipmaker Broadcom Ltd (AVGO.O), is also in talks with INCJ and DBJ for a joint bid, sources told Reuters, potentially vying with Western Digital for government backing.
The sources said INCJ and DBJ are considering investing in the business as a minority partner - a move that would help the government prevent a sale to bidders it deems risky to national security.
Toshiba, which expects to book a net loss of $9 billion for the business year that began this month, is selling most or all of the prized chip unit to fill a vast balance sheet hole left at its U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse Electric Co, which last month filed for U.S. bankruptcy protection from creditors.
Toshiba has narrowed the field of bidders for its chip unit to four suitors, people familiar with the process have said: Western Digital, Broadcom, South Korea's SK Hynix (000660.KS), and Foxconn (2317.TW), the world's largest contract electronics maker.
Western Digital, which operates a flash memory chip plant with Toshiba in Japan, has discussed antitrust issues with the conglomerate, and both agreed they shouldn't be an obstacle to a Western Digital bid, Long said.
"Because of our flexibility and the different ways we can participate, our lawyers are very confident that we can address any trust risks in a way that would help get cash to Toshiba very quickly and then allow enough time for any antitrust review as necessary," he said.
"We have had that discussion with Toshiba's attorneys and they actually see things very similarly," he added.
Sources have said flash memory competitors such as Western Digital may find it difficult to clear regulators' antitrust reviews by March next year, the deadline for Toshiba to resolve its negative shareholders' equity and stay listed on the Tokyo stock exchange.
That could give Broadcom a better chance of winning because the chipmaker currently has no flash memory business, they said.
Toshiba and Western Digital have 19 percent and 16 percent global market share, respectively, in NAND flash memory chips, trailing Samsung Electronics' (005930.KS) 35 percent, according to research firm IHS.
Western Digital wrote to Toshiba on April 9 saying the transfer of the chip venture's rights to a new chip unit, which was split off recently without the U.S. firm's consent, violated their joint venture agreements. Western Digital called for it to be given exclusive negotiating rights.
Long said Western Digital has not received a written response from Toshiba, but stressed the company hopes to resolve the issue through dialogue.
(Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki and Kentaro Hamada, with additional reporting by Tim Kelly and Yoshifumi Takemoto; Editing by William Mallard and Ian Geoghegan)
INDIANAPOLIS — The NCAA plans to double the number of teams it seeds in its Division I baseball tournament to 16, hoping to provide a more equitable competitive balance.
The organization announced the move Friday and it will take effect for the 2018 tournament. The change will allow the baseball tournament to follow the same seeding principles used by other sports that have at least 64 post-season participants.
The NCAA says that under the current format, with only eight seeded teams, the ninth-best could be paired against the No. 1 seed in the super regional round. With the change, a top seed will face the No. 16 seed.
The change was approved last week at a meeting of the Division I Competition Oversight Committee in Indianapolis.
BRIEF-Atos wins contract to provide Genci with supercomputers
* ATOS WINS CONTRACT TO PROVIDE GENCI WITH ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN THE WORLD
Gym members left in limbo after sudden closure
04 July 2018
By Joe Leogue
Members of a Cork health and fitness centre were left in limbo after the gym announced its closure suddenly and without warning.
Source Health & Fitness, which was accepting payments for memberships and classes up until hours before it closed, informed members of the decision by late on Monday night.
However, patrons have received no indication as to whether they are to be refunded for services they have already paid for and will not now be provided by Source.
“It is with sincere regret that we wish to advise that Source Health & Fitness has this evening ceased to trade until further notice,” the text to members read.
It is understood staff were also informed of the closure by text. Attempts yesterday to speak with anyone connected with the company were unsuccessful.
Callers to the Source's phone line were met with a pre-recorded greeting:
“We regret to inform you that Source Health and Fitness are closed until further notice. Thank you.”
After the female voice message ends, the line rings out.
The centre's Facebook and Twitter accounts also appear to have been closed, though its website remained online yesterday evening.
A number of members have taken to social media to express their anger at the sudden closure.
“They took €240 off me last week for next term's swimming lessons… to start in August,” Cliona O'Connor said on Twitter.
Dear @SourceGymPool I would like the €240 I paid you a few days ago for September swimming lessons refunded please. You set the deadline for payment … surely refunds should be given as you have funds to pay staff until Xmas — Cliona O'Connor (@Leanmeanmomma) July 3, 2018
“Likewise we paid for one of our girls' swimming lessons yesterday,” Kieran Walsh replied.
Likewise we paid for one of our girls swimming lessons yesterday! — Kieran Walsh (@WalshKieran) July 3, 2018
Health and fitness coach Rosaleen MacKeown tweeted that she was a member. “Text received at 11:36pm last night. Gutted,” she posted.
Am a member. Text received at 11:36pm last night. Gutted. — Rosaleen Mackeown (@RunwithRos) July 3, 2018
Bobby, a caller to The Neil Prendeville Show on Red FM, said he paid Source €330 just three weeks ago for a student deal to join the gym.
Bobby, studying health and fitness at University Limerick, said he was “raging” after his mother told him yesterday morning about the closure.
“I'm a personal trainer at the moment as well and I just wanted to go to a gym in my own personal time and now I have to find another gym.
“I worked hard for that money, I am a student. I don't have much luxury and I wanted to go to my own private place and now I can't,” he said.
Another caller, Paul, recently added another member to his policy.
He had been a member for over 20 years and said he had heard rumours of Source being bought by other interests, but nothing about a possible closure.
Digital Desk
Share it:
Don't Miss
April 5 MCH Group AG:
* FY operating income of 440.3 million Swiss francs ($439.38 million)
* FY EBITDA of 89.0 million francs (20.2% of operating income), and an EBIT of 41.6 million francs (9.5%). The group profit is 34.3 million francs(7.8%).
* FY operating income was increased by 5.1% compared with 2015 but is 2.6 % below the figure for the 2014 financial year
* FY EBITDA is 4.3 % and 1.6 % respectively above the previous two years, and the EBIT 3.7% above 2015 and 2.8% below 2014
* FY group profit has risen compared with the previous two years by 11.0% and 1.5% respectively.
* Will submit a proposal to the general meeting on 26 April 2017 for the payment of a dividend of 5%.
* In view of economic climate and weak exhibition schedule, a result considerably below that of previous years thus has to be expected for current 2017 business year Source text - bit.ly/2oYqfYu
Further company coverage: ($1 = 1.0021 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
April 5 Amuse Inc
* Says it acquired 108 shares (40.2 percent stake) of TAPIRS on April 3
* Says it raised voting power in TAPIRS to 40.2 percent from 0 percent
* Says it established JV in Tokyo, with TAPIRS on April 5
* The JV is engaged in production goods ,venues sales, management and operation of fan club, postal items and venue solution
* Says the company and TAPIRS are holding a 66 percent stake and a 34 percent stake in the JV respectively
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/TrtU7k
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BERLIN Germany's Bundestag lower house of parliament agreed to a draft law on Thursday that will prevent civil servants, judges and soldiers in Germany from wearing full-face veils at work.
The move comes after Chancellor Angela Merkel called in December for a ban on full-face Muslim veils "wherever legally possible". There are five months to go before a federal election, and her conservatives lost some support to the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) during the migrant crisis.
More than a million migrants, many of them Muslims from the Middle East, have arrived in Germany over the last two years, and concerns about integration are widespread.
"Integration also means that we should make clear and impart our values and where the boundaries of our tolerance towards other cultures lie," German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said. "The draft law we have agreed on makes an important contribution to that."
In February, the southern state of Bavaria, ruled by the Christian Social Union (CSU) - the Bavarian sister party to Merkel's conservatives - said it would ban the full-face veil in schools, universities, government workplaces and polling stations.
(Reporting by Michelle Martin, editing by Larry King)
AMSTERDAM The European Union judicial agency Eurojust said on Friday it had helped coordinate cross-border investigations in a major tax evasion investigation involving millions of euros and spanning several European countries and Australia.
Earlier on Friday, Dutch prosecutors said they had launched the investigation after receiving a tip about 50,000 suspect Swiss bank accounts. Credit Suisse said local authorities had been to their offices as part of an investigation.
Eurojust said the investigation began in 2016 and it had held three meeting with Dutch, British, French, German and Australian authorities.
"The independent investigations gathered evidence and analysed a huge amount of data," the agency said. "The undeclared assets hidden within offshore accounts and policies are estimated in the millions of euros."
(Reporting by Toby Sterling; editing by Ralph Boulton)
A woman takes a selfie with a Samsung Galaxy S8 smartphone during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City, U.S. March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
SEOUL Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd expects sales of its new flagship Galaxy S8 smartphone to beat those of its 2016 predecessor Galaxy S7, the company's head of mobile business said.
A Samsung spokesman confirmed the remarks attributed to Koh Dong-jin in a report by South Korea's Yonhap News Agency on Thursday. The executive did not offer a sales target, but Samsung said last week that the Galaxy S7 set a new internal record for first-year sales.
(Reporting by Se Young Lee)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
JERUSALEM — The Israeli military said it intercepted a rocket launched at Israel from the Gaza Strip late Monday, a few hours after Israel bombed Hamas military positions in retaliation for rocket fire earlier in the evening.
The military said in a statement that the Iron Dome missile defence system shot down a rocket fired at Israel from the Palestinian territory. No injuries or damage were reported in Israel.
Shortly afterward, an Israeli tank responded by bombarding a Hamas military position in the northern Gaza Strip, the military said. No injuries were reported.
Earlier, Israeli planes and tanks shelled the coastal territory after militants fired a rocket toward southern Israel, in what was the latest in a series of cross-border exchanges that have left at least four Palestinians dead since Friday.
OTTAWA - Days after it was unveiled, the space for the dedication plaque at the National Holocaust Monument is empty, marked only by boltholes.
The plaque's now in for a rewrite, after failing to mention Jews or the Jewish people, the prime targets of the Second World War genocide.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau dedicated the monument last week and complaints about the original plaque were quick to come.
Martin Sampson, of the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs, says the wording was noticed immediately and the government acknowledged the error.
LONDON, April 3 A €560m loan will back the acquisition of a 25% stake in Spanish oil transportation and storage company CLH by CVC Capital Partners' Strategic Opportunities Platform, banking sources said.
CVC announced on Monday it was acquiring a 10% stake from Ardian as well as a 5% stake from each of Kutxabank, Abanca and clients of Alberta Investment Management Corp.
Natixis was the sole arranger and underwriter of the acquisition financing, the announcement said.
The €560m term loan will have a five-year maturity and is expected to pay an interest margin of 250bp over Euribor, the sources said.
Some of the loan could be sold down to other banks and funds, with Spanish banks expected to take a share of the debt, the sources said.
CVC was not immediately available to comment on the loan.
CLH raised a €320m loan in February 2016, to back Borealis Infrastructure's 24.15% acquisition of a stake in the company.
That loan comprised of a €120m term loan A and a €200m term loan B, both maturing in 2021, provided by Abanca, Banco Santander, Export Development Canada and Natixis, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data.
CLH is CVC's 15th major investment in Spain in the last 20 years. CLH is the fourth investment made from CVC's Strategic Opportunities Platform, which was established in response to growing demand from large investors to be able to invest in long term, stable, high-quality businesses.
CLH has over 4,000 kilometres of oil pipeline and a storage capacity of more than 8 million cubic metres in Spain, which is available to all oil operators that do business in the country. The Company also owns the largest oil pipeline network in the UK. (Editing by Alasdair Reilly)
CHARLOTTE, Mich./NEW YORK (Reuters) - For years, Bailey Lorencen kept a dark secret - USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar abused her when she was a middle-school gymnast.
Even after reporting him to authorities, the gymnast, now 23 years old, remained hesitant to share her story with the world and was known only as “Victim B” in court documents. The tough questions she endured from Nassar's lawyers at a preliminary hearing, before he pleaded guilty to molestation, only strengthened her reluctance.
But as she watched scores of other victims speaking out at Nassar's sentencing last month, she realized she wanted to add her voice, and her name, to the chorus.
“I was not even going to write a statement, but after seeing other girls do it, I decided I needed to,” she told Reuters on Wednesday in Charlotte, Michigan, where Nassar's victims are testifying at a second sentencing hearing.
“I could see as they walked away from the podium, a weight lifted from their shoulders,” she said.
Lorencen's experience shows how the Nassar case, coming amid an ongoing national debate over sexual misconduct and the “#MeToo” movement, will likely help convince more abuse victims to come forward as their stories are viewed as credible, according to several experts in sexual trauma.
On Jan. 24, Nassar was sentenced to up to 175 years in prison, following an extraordinary hearing in Lansing, Michigan, in which more than 150 Nassar victims delivered emotionally wrenching statements about his actions.
Prosecutors initially told the court that 88 victims would speak, but as the statements began, more and more women came forward.
A similar dynamic appears to be unfolding in Charlotte.
Two of Lorencen's friends from their days as teenage gymnasts, Annie Labrie and Madison Bonofiglio, were among several women who stepped out of the shadow of anonymity on Wednesday to confront Nassar in court.
“I was so certain I didn't want to do it, that it would open old wounds that I didn't want to face,” Labrie, 23, told Reuters on Wednesday shortly after she spoke in court, where she had previously been known only as “Victim C” in documents.
“But I realized it's a little bit rare for women to have a voice in situations like this and for victims to have a voice,” she said.
Labrie said the three friends had never discussed their shared stories of abuse when they were teens, though she said they implied they found Nassar uncomfortable.
“We told each other without really telling each other,” she said.
Victims and others look on as Rachael Denhollander speaks at the sentencing hearing for Larry Nassar, a former team USA Gymnastics doctor who pleaded guilty in November 2017 to sexual assault charges, in Lansing, Michigan, January 24, 2018. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
BELIEVING SURVIVORS
Many abuse survivors are wary of speaking out, often because they justifiably fear their accounts will be met with scepticism, victims' advocates say.
“We have this long history of doubting the stories of accusers,” said Deborah Tuerkheimer, a law professor at Northwestern University who recently published a research paper documenting what she calls the “credibility discount.”
In the Nassar case, many victims have accused USA Gymnastics and Michigan State University, where Nassar also worked, of sweeping complaints about his behaviour under the rug for years.
On Thursday, a local police department in Michigan apologised to one victim for declining to bring charges against Nassar in 2004 after she complained of abuse.
“One of the things that the '#MeToo' movement seems to be doing is changing that credibility calculus,” Tuerkheimer said.
Sexual assault hotlines have already seen an uptick in calls in recent months, after a slew of scandals involving powerful men from Hollywood to Washington, she said.
Jennifer Long, whose non-profit AEquitas advises prosecutors on sexual violence, said she hoped the Nassar case would emphasise the need for law enforcement and the justice system to improve its handling of sexual misconduct allegations.
“This has to be a moment of encouragement, where victims' voices are being heard and these crimes are being pulled from the shadows,” she said.
Often victims first tell family members, whose response can sometimes dictate whether the allegations proceed further, according to experts.
One of Nassar's victims, Kyle Stephens, a family friend of the doctor, told her parents at age 12 that he had abused her. In emotional testimony at his hearing, Stephens said they did not believe her and that she believed her father's suicide last year was partly due to his guilt over their scepticism.
It was Stephens' testimony, more than anyone else‘s, that convinced Lorencen she should speak publicly at his sentencing.
“I thought, if she can do this, any of us could do it,” Lorencen said.
The day before her appearance, Lorencen was having breakfast with her father and sister when she turned to them and said: “Let's do it.”
BEIJING, March 31 China does not have any policy to devalue its currency to promote exports, Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday, ahead of President Xi Jinping's first meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump amid lingering tensions over trade.
In a briefing, he said China does not seek a trade surplus with the United States.
This is Xi's first meeting with Trump, who assumed office Jan. 20, and comes as the two sides face pressing issues, ranging from North Korea and the South China Sea to trade disputes. (Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Writing by Josephine Mason; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
The Norwegian and Sami flags fly in front of Norway's parliament. File photo: Gorm Kallestad/Scanpix
A commission will be appointed to map out the history of Norway's Sami and Kven people, after a proposal received parliamentary support Tuesday.
All of the Norwegian parliament's parties, with the exception of coalition government partners Høyre (Conservative) and the populist Progress Party (Fremskrittspartiet) voted in favour of the commission, reports NRK.
Parliament's Control and Constitution Committee's proposal requested a review of the history of the two indigenous peoples.
“There is a majority in the Control and Constitution Committee in support of the commission. That means there will be a majority in a parliamentary meeting. So we can safely say that parliament will approve this on Tuesday,” committee chair Martin Kolberg of the Labour Party told NRK.
The Sami people's own representative body, the Sametinget, proposed in 2014 a “truth commission” inquiry into the “Norwegianisation” of Sami people during a 100-year period from the middle of the 19th century.
READ ALSO: Sami mark 100 years of annual gathering
Kolberg said that no decision had yet been made as to whether the word “truth” would be used in the commission's official name.
But the parties that voted in support of the commission agreed that it was necessary to bring out all perspectives on the history of the two indigenous peoples, he said.
“People's history is significant for how they are today. It is clear that there is much in the history of the Sami and Kven people that should not have happened, and there is a lot of research material on the subject. But it is important that we get a parliamentary commission appointed by the country's highest authority, the Stortinget [Parliament],” Kolberg told NRK.
“That is required so that we can have a basis for how we move on and how the two peoples can live well together,” he added.
Kolberg added that the inquiry would be carried out in cooperation with the Sami and Kven people themselves.
READ ALSO: Nesbø accused of stereotyping Sami people
May 3 Credit Suisse Group AG has hired Matt Walsh as a managing director and co-head of its technology, media & telecom (TMT) equity capital markets (ECM) group, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters and confirmed by a spokesman on Wednesday.
Walsh, who will start in July and be based in San Francisco, was most recently co-head of TMT ECM at Bank of America Corp . He will work alongside John Kolz, Credit Suisse's co-head of TMT and healthcare ECM.
Prior to joining Merrill Lynch in 2003, Walsh worked at investment banks JPMorgan Chase & Co and Putnam Lovell.
Walsh's past IPO work includes software company MuleSoft Inc earlier this year and business focused social networking company LinkedIn Corp in 2011.
Credit Suisse has been on some of the largest technology IPOs in recent years, including Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd in 2014 and disappearing message company Snap Inc earlier this year. (Reporting by Lauren Hirsch in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
NEW YORK J. Geils, leader of The J. Geils Band whose hard-driving hits of the late 1970s and early 1980s included "Centerfold," "Freeze Frame" and "Love Stinks," died on Tuesday at his home in Groton, Massachusetts, police said. He was 71.
Groton police said Geils, whose full name was John Warren Geils Jr., appeared to have died of natural causes. After a "well-being check" at the musician's house at around 4 p.m. EDT, Geils was discovered unresponsive and was declared dead at the scene, police said in a statement.
The J. Geils Band was launched as a blues trio in Worcester, Massachusetts, in the 1960s. It soon switched its focus to electric guitars and bass as it became a staple of the Boston music scene through the 1970s with Geils as its lead guitarist and Peter Wolf on vocals, the group said on its Facebook page.
Its biggest commercial successes were the hard rock 'n' roll anthems that came with the release of "Freeze Frame," the band's 12th album, in 1981.
The album, which followed the comical hit "Love Stinks," also included the title track and "Centerfold," which was No. 1 for six weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 list, the group said.
The band's success was relatively shortlived. After Wolf left the group in 1983, the remaining members produced another album, "You're Gettin' Even While I'm Gettin' Old," and one single, "Concealed Weapons," before breaking up in 1985.
The band had several reunion tours since then. Geils finally quit the band in 2012 and later sued his bandmates, claiming they were conspiring to tour without him and unlawfully using the band's trademarked name, according to Rolling Stone magazine.
Geils remained active outside his namesake band. He released two albums in the mid-1990s with his band Bluestime, Rolling Stone said. He returned to his jazz roots during the 2000s with three solo records, it said.
Geils was born in New York on Feb. 20, 1946, and grew up in the New Jersey suburbs.
(Reporting by Peter Szekely; Editing by Sandra Maler and Paul Tait)
May 2 North Arrow Minerals Inc-
* North Arrow announces non-brokered c$5 million private placement financing
* Company has arranged to complete a non-brokered private placement of up to 20 million units at a price of c$0.25 per unit
* North Arrow Minerals- net proceeds of private placement will be used to fund continued evaluation of north arrow's canadian diamond exploration properties Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TULSA, Okla. (AP) — A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, Wednesday because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger.
Tulsa International Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins said Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and that the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI.
Higgins said she did not know the nature of the disturbance and a Delta spokesman did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment.
FBI spokeswoman Andrea Anderson in Oklahoma City confirmed the agency is investigating but referred questions to the U.S. Attorney's office in Tulsa. A phone call seeking comment was not immediately returned.
Advertisement
In a statement, Delta said the flight was diverted because of an "unruly passenger" but that it landed without incident. The airline apologized to other passengers were inconvenienced because of the delay.
Higgins said the aircraft refueled and resumed the flight to Atlanta about 1:35 p.m.
Mar-a-Lago, President Trump's private club and winter White House in Palm Beach, Fla., is a casual place. And so, it seems, are any official records of those who visits him there.
There "is no system for keeping track of presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago, as there is at the White House complex," Special Agent Kim Campbell said in a legal filing. She said the Secret Service conducted a lengthy search, only to find "there is no grouping, listing, or set of records that would reflect presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago."
That's hard to believe, said Noah Bookbinder, executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a group suing for the records.
Minus any records of presidential visitors, Bookbinder said, "it suggests Mar-a-Lago members and their guests could have access without any sort of vetting or accountability."
The club doubled its membership initiation fee this year to $200,000.
Campbell said the latest search turned up a "few scattered pieces of Mar-a-Lago presidential visitor information found in paper or electronic documents."
Government lawyers filed her statement Wednesday in response to Freedom of Information lawsuit, filed by CREW, the National Security Archive and the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University.
The lawsuit so far has produced just 22 names — Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's traveling party on his official visit in February.
Then-President Barack Obama began routinely releasing White House visitor logs in 2009, after CREW sued. Obama set exceptions for national security or a "necessarily confidential nature," like meeting with nominees.
Trump stopped the White House disclosures. Administration lawyers argue that records on presidential visitors should be broadly exempt from the Freedom of Information Act.
In the Mar-a-Lago case, Bookbinder said, "It appears they're saying they found stuff but these things are not covered by FOIA."
CREW and the other plaintiffs plan to file their response in a few days.
March 30 Schweitzer-mauduit International Inc
* Has named Jeffrey Kramer as chief executive officer of company, effective as of April 21, 2017
* Schweitzer-Mauduit International Inc - Frédéric Villoutreix will depart from his position as chief executive officer
* Kramer, current chairman & Frédéric Villoutreix, current CEO, will serve as co-CEOs of company
* Schweitzer-Mauduit International-commencing on transition date, Kramer will transition from co-chief executive officer of company to sole CEO Source: (bit.ly/2mSCXvh) Further company coverage:
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
WASHINGTON — Kellan Grady scored 23 points on 10 of 16 shooting, leading four into double-figure scoring and Davidson walloped George Washington 87-58 on Saturday, winning seven of its last nine.
Grady and Jon Axel Gudmundsson each pulled down eight rebounds as the Wildcats controlled the boards, 38-26. Davidson shot 49 per cent from the floor (30 of 61), including 13 of 29 from behind the 3-point arc. Peyton Aldridge and KiShawn Pritchett each made a trio of 3-pointers and scored 13 and 11 points, respectively. Oskar Michelsen added 15 points, making 8 of 9 at the line.
Davidson (12-9, 7-3 Atlantic 10 Conference) had a five-game win streak interrupted by consecutive losses to Dayton and Richmond but, winning its last two, is alone in second place after Richmond was upset by George Mason.
Yuta Watanabe led George Washington (9-14, 2-8) with 20 points, the only of the Colonials to score more than seven.
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
An advertisement of Paytm, a digital wallet company, is pictured at a roadside stall in Kolkata, India, January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Rupak De Chowdhuri
One97 Communications, owner of electronics payments provider Paytm, is set to raise more than 120 billion rupees ($1.87 billion) from Japan's SoftBank Group (9984.T), the Economic Times reported on Friday citing sources.
The deal will value Noida-based One97 at about $9 billion and provide a 20 percent stake to SoftBank, the report said. (bit.ly/2pnWH8l)
Moreover, One97 plans to earmark nearly $1 billion to expand its payments business into high growth areas like lending and insurance, the report added.
SoftBank declined to comment. Paytm was not immediately reachable for comment.
Digital payments have assumed great significance in India after the decision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government ban on old high-valued banknotes in November led to a severe cash crunch across the country.
(Reporting By Darshana Sankararaman in Bengaluru; Editing by Euan Rocha)
LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar reversed earlier falls against the euro on Friday as traders took some profits ahead of U.S. non-farm payroll numbers, although its rise did little to improve a difficult week in which rising U.S. Treasury yields failed to help.
The euro zone's economic revival and expectations of monetary tightening have made the single currency more attractive for investors, while strong global growth around the world has encouraged investors to move cash out of the dollar.
Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasuries rose to near their four-year high, with economic growth and buoyant oil prices driving up inflation expectations and central banks starting to sound more hawkish.
Rising Treasury yields are traditionally associated with a stronger dollar. But Nordea Markets currency strategist Niels Christensen said that “bond investors are selling out of U.S. Treasuries and at the same time liquidating out of their long U.S. dollar positions”.
Still, with some euro profit-taking ahead of the non-farm numbers due later on Friday, the dollar recovered marginally. Against a basket of currencies, the greenback rose 0.2 percent. Against the euro, it gained 0.2 percent on the day to $1.2490, but that still left the single currency within sight of last week's three-year high of $1.2538.
A survey released on Thursday showed that euro zone manufacturing continued to boom last month, bolstering the view that the European Central Bank is on track to normalise monetary policy.
The euro has also benefited from ECB President Mario Draghi's reluctance to talk down the currency, giving bulls the green light to push the euro higher.
Many strategists say the dollar's sensitivity to domestic news currently looks weak - ING analysts called it “limited and short-lived” - as investors focus on monetary policy re-pricing opportunities elsewhere.
“Today's U.S. labour market report poses only temporary downside risk to the cross,” ING said in a note.
Elsewhere, the dollar added to recent gains against the Japanese yen, helping it move away from a four-month low of 108.28 hit a week ago. The dollar rose 0.4 percent on the day to 109.865.
The greenback was also up 0.3 percent against sterling at $1.4224, although the pound remains on its best run since 2012.
The Chinese yuan continued its recent rise against the dollar, notching up a high of 6.2773, a 2 1/2-year high. The yuan is up 0.8 percent for the week and was last trading at these levels in August 2015.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
LONDON May 3 British supermarket Sainsbury's on Wednesday reported a third straight year of underlying profit decline, despite the boost to earnings from last year's purchase of Argos, the general merchandise retailer.
Sainsbury's, which trails market leader Tesco in annual sales, made an underlying pretax profit of 581 million pounds ($749.3 million) in the year to March 11.
That was ahead of analysts' average forecast of 578 million pounds but down from 587 million pounds made in 2015-16.
Sainsbury's said the outcome reflected price cuts and cost inflation, offset by cost savings of 130 million pounds and a contribution from Argos of 77 million pounds.
"The market remains competitive and the impact of cost price pressures remains uncertain. However, we are well placed to navigate the external environment and we remain focused on delivering our strategy," said Chief Executive Mike Coupe. ($1 = 0.7754 pounds) (Reporting by James Davey; editing by Kate Holton)
SYDNEY, Australia — Raelene Castle will take over as chief executive officer at Rugby Australia next month, becoming the first woman to lead one of the major national unions in world rugby.
Castle, who has been CEO at Netball New Zealand and at the Canterbury Bulldogs in Australia's National Rugby League, will replace Bill Pulver on Jan. 15.
Rugby Australia Chairman Cameron Clyne announced the appointment Tuesday, saying Castle was the standout applicant among more than 200 candidates.
"I am especially looking forward to getting out into the rugby communities across Australia and meeting the diverse range of people that make the game tick," Castle said in a statement. "Having followed rugby closely for over 30 years and having worked in the New Zealand and Australian sporting environments for the past 10, there is no doubt Australian rugby has a clear international and domestic offering for both male and female athletes that can be further developed and strengthened."
Castle's other governance roles in sport have included serving as a board director of the International Federations of Netball Associations and as chair of the NRL club CEOs leadership group.
Clyne said Castle would bring "a fresh set of eyes to the challenges and opportunities at Rugby Australia, bringing to us her learnings from other codes."
"Through her most recent roles as CEO of the Bulldogs and Netball New Zealand, Raelene has led sporting organizations at both a national and club level, giving her an in-depth understanding of what it takes to run a national sporting body as well as the unique challenges for clubs and the importance of building strong relationships and a unity of purpose within," the sport, Clyne said. "Raelene is an extremely impressive executive who covered every base as far as what the board was looking for in a chief executive officer to lead our game into an important new chapter."
Castle was born in Australia and moved to New Zealand as a child, returning to Sydney in 2013 to take the job at the Bulldogs.
Castle is the first woman to lead one of Australia's four national football governing bodies, and Rugby Australia said she is the first woman to lead one of the world's top-tier rugby national governing bodies.
By The Associated Press
LONDON, March 31 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Banking giant HSBC announced on Friday that it is introducing a range of gender neutral titles for transgender customers and others who do not identify as male or female.
The process for people wishing to change their gender on their bank account has also been simplified, the bank said in a statement on Transgender Day of Visibility.
Instead of using the conventional honorifics Mr, Mrs or Ms, customers can choose from 10 gender neutral titles - Mx, Ind, M, Mre, Msr, Myr, Pr, Sai, Ser and Misc.
"Gender neutral titles allow people who don't identify as a particular gender, or who don't want to be identified by gender, to choose the title that works for them," the bank said in a statement.
The titles, available to its high street customers in Britain, will be applied across their account including bank cards and correspondence. Training is to be given to all UK branch and contact centre staff.
Customers who are transitioning can now change their gender on their account by taking a passport, driving license or birth certificate that supports the change of gender into a branch.
Stuart Barette, trans lead of HSBC's UK Pride Network, which advised on the new services, recalled how he was "terrified" the day he went into his branch in order to change his name and gender.
"Coming out to anyone is difficult, as you don't know how people are going to react," Barette said in a statement.
"That's why the changes we've been making are so important, so that our trans customers can feel confident that they're going to have a good experience and be speaking with someone who has been trained to better understand them."
The titles are also being introduced for people who do not feel their gender to be that of a woman or man.
Ind is an abbreviation of individual, Mre for mystery, Msr is a combination of Miss and Sir, Pr an abbreviation of person.
International Transgender Day of Visibility marked on March 31 aims to raise awareness of discrimination faced by transgender people. (Editing by Ros Russell; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, which covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Kershaw struck out seven, but the ace left-hander's frequent inability to match his regular-season brilliance in October remains a constant presence. He struggled with the long ball again after serving up a career-high 23 homers during the regular season, but still earned his fifth victory in 15 post-season starts thanks to teammates who gave him a big cushion.
After leading the majors in wins and earning their fifth consecutive NL West crown, the Dodgers got off to an impressive offensive start in the latest pursuit of their first World Series trip since their 1988 championship. Los Angeles' first five batters reached base, punctuated by Turner's shot and Puig's line-drive double scoring rookie Cody Bellinger.
"Felt great to get Kersh a three-run lead in the first," Turner said.
Arizona ended a five-year playoff absence Wednesday with a rollicking 11-8 victory over Colorado. Manager Torey Lovullo described that wild-card game as "one of the most emotional days I've had in my career," but that tough game bit the Diamondbacks in Los Angeles when Walker needed 48 pitches to get out of the first inning.
Robbie Ray was supposed to start this series opener, but was pressed into relief against the Rockies when ace Zack Greinke faltered — and Walker couldn't come through in his place.
Zack Godley pitched five innings of relief, but Turner, Puig and Seager added RBIs in the fourth for a 7-1 lead.
Pollock made his post-season debut with two extra-base hits in the wild-card game, and he added a homer in the third inning for Arizona's first hit off Kershaw.
With back-to-back shots by Marte and Mathis in the seventh, Kershaw got chased and became just the eighth pitcher in major league history to give up four homers in a playoff game.
Seager added an RBI triple in the eighth, and Turner drove him home.
The Diamondbacks beat their division rivals six straight times down the stretch, and were one of two teams with a winning record against Los Angeles this season.
UP NEXT
Hill (12-8) allowed opponents to bat .203 in his first full Dodgers season, showing off veteran guile and pitch versatility while battling blisters. Ray is 3-0 with a 2.27 ERA in five starts against the Dodgers this season.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Greg Beacham, The Associated Press
Australian comedian Rebel Wilson wins defamation suit
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian comedian Rebel Wilson has won a defamation suit against a global magazine publisher after the Victorian Supreme Court found a series of articles alleging she was a serial liar had damaged her career, local media reported on Thursday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
× Celebrate The Women In Your Life This Season
It has been said the 2017 is the year of women's empowerment and the cultural landscape for women in the United States is evolving each day and the message is resonating. Style and Diamond Jewelry Expert Kristen Trustey discusses how style and fashion can be a powerful form of self-expression and how the right piece of diamond jewelry can be an extension of a woman's unique taste, personality and story.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
In what ways have the cultural landscape and the roles of women today changed?
"So especially this year its been such an exciting time for female empowerment and recently we launched a brand-new collection that's all about celebrating women and their unique qualities and characteristics. We had at the event powerhouse women in attendance such as Ashley Graham, who is such a force in the body positivity movement, to Chrissy Teigen, who has a really strong voice and is not afraid to use it. These women, they're all heroes in their own stories, which is what we're seeing. Women aren't being defined by their roles and responsibilities, but more so for their qualities and their journeys and their achievements. So really, we're defining who we are as individuals"
What are some ways we can pay tribute to that special woman this holiday season?
"So a piece of jewelry from the Forevermark Tribute Collection is the perfect way. Each diamond is symbolistic of a characteristic of the woman that together make her a unique and wonderful person that she is. What's really special is that you can be proud to wear these diamonds because its part of Forevermark's ongoing commitment to the support of women. So these diamonds help contribute to good quality health care, education, and career opportunities for women."
Can you tell us what inspired this collection and what makes it unique?
"It's all about celebrating women and each of the diamonds represents a unique quality and really its all about layering. The layering trend is so huge right now and its the perfect personal look and it can either be for day or evening."
Where can we find these diamonds?
"Here in the Philly area we have so many incredible jewelers. Melange, David Craig, Marks and Morton and Rudolph, or you can also visit Forevermark.com."
SEOUL, April 3 South Korea's Hyundai Motor Co and Kia Motors Corp on Monday said "weaker sales in China" likely had an impact on overseas sales in March, when a diplomatic row over a missile system led to a rise in anti-Korean sentiment.
"We have seen a recent drop in dealership traffic in China as consumer sentiment towards Korean products overall is low and competitors are initiating special promotions targeting our customers," the two said in a joint statement.
The pair earlier on Monday posted on-year declines in overseas sales for March, without disclosing a country-by-country breakdown.
Hyundai Motor suspended production at one of its Chinese plants from March 24 to April 4, fuelling concern that diplomatic tension over Seoul's deployment of a U.S. missile defence system may be hurting sales of South Korean automakers. (Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin)
(Updates with Lotte official's comment)
By Peter Rutherford
SEOUL, March 30 Chinese golfers on the U.S. women's tour may decide not to play in a tournament next month in Hawaii sponsored by South Korean conglomerate Lotte Group, a sign that fallout from a diplomatic row between Beijing and Seoul over a missile defence system is increasingly spilling into the sports world.
Rio Olympics bronze medallist Shanshan Feng decided not to play after she and three other Chinese players - Simin Feng, Jing Yan and Xiyu Lin - were informed it was in their best interests not to take part in the event due to its association with Lotte, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters.
One of the sources said that at least one player received an instruction not to attend the Lotte event from someone connected to China's national team. The source declined to name the player and it wasn't immediately clear how such a message had been passed onto the others.
However, Simin Feng herself, and Shanshan Feng's agent in China, both denied in interviews that the players were being pressured by the Chinese authorities to pull out.
“The four of us were talking about it a little bit because now it's such a sensitive issue," said Simin Feng, who is currently in California preparing for the first major of the season.
The Orlando, Florida-based golfer, who finished in the top 10 in two Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA) events last year, said that she had yet to decide whether to play in the Lotte-backed LPGA tournament on April 12-15.
"I'm really for my country and with the politics nowadays, both countries are not at a very good situation." But the 21-year-old added: "No one really seriously came up to us and said, ‘you really shouldn't play.'"
Relations between Beijing and Seoul have been damaged by the plans to deploy the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system in South Korea to defend against the threat from North Korea. China is concerned that the system's powerful radar could also be used to track Chinese missiles, undermining its security.
Earlier this year, Lotte approved a land swap with the South Korean authorities, enabling the system to be deployed on a site that is part of a golf course the company owns. The move prompted a backlash against Lotte in China, with Chinese authorities closing dozens of its retail stores following inspections.
China is South Korea's largest trading partner and the dispute over THAAD has resulted in a sharp decline in Chinese tourists going to South Korea. Entertainers have faced a cultural freeze because of the dispute, with South Korean singers and actors blocked in various ways from reaching a mainland Chinese audience, and dozens of Korean-focused blogs suspended in China.
OTHER SPORTS AFFECTED
In the sports world, the tensions have affected many sports, including soccer, tennis, climbing, and golf. Chinese players have pulled out of various events in South Korea, according to South Korean media.
Shanshan Feng, who has won six events on the LPGA Tour, including a major title at the 2012 LPGA Championship, declined to comment when asked about the issue in California on Wednesday.
Ruby Chen, Shanshan Feng's Shanghai-based agent at global sports management firm IMG, said Feng "most likely won't be attending" the $2 million Hawaii tournament, an event which she has played in each year since it came onto the schedule in 2012.
"Yes she played that tournament last year but she's always adjusting her schedule every year," said Chen.
Chen said Shanshan Feng, 27, would not play as many tournaments or travel as much this year so that she could stay healthy and prolong her career. The decision was not related to issues linked to Lotte, and Feng had not received any official instruction to pull out, Chen added.
The two other players, Yan and Lin, both declined to comment.
LPGA AWARE OF SITUATION
An official at China's General Administration of Sport said he had not heard of the players being told to skip the event and said it was up to them to decide when and where they play.
The LPGA said players had to confirm their participation in the tournament by next week.
"We are aware of the situation, which is a complex one, and will continue to discuss with our players," the LPGA told Reuters in a statement. "We fully support all decisions made by our players."
A Lotte official, who asked not to be identified, said it wouldn't be right to comment on the situation until the signup for the event is complete.
While the LPGA has been making inroads into China, where it now plays two events each year, in recent years it has had a much closer relationship with South Korea.
Since Pak Se-ri's groundbreaking win at the 1998 U.S. Women's Open, around 25 percent of all LPGA tournaments have been won by Korean players. Seven of the current women's top 10 were born in South Korea.
Jon Podany, the LPGA's chief commercial officer, said last year that South Korean television agreements were the Tour's top source of revenue, while South Korean firms continue to put up large sums of cash to sponsor events.
This season, South Korean companies such as Lotte and automaker Kia sponsor five events on the Tour, putting up millions of dollars in prize money each year.
All four Chinese players took part in the Kia Classic, which finished on Sunday, with Shanshan Feng finishing ninth.
Lotte has been a key sponsor in the South Korean sports arena over the years, ploughing cash into a variety of sports, including golf and baseball. It has also agreed to sponsor the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, next February.
The row over the missile defence system also affected a women's tournament co-sanctioned by the Korean, Chinese and European Tours in Haikou, China earlier this month.
Lotte-sponsored player Kim Hae-rym won the event but Chinese broadcaster CCTV continually shot pictures of the South Korean from a distance or from behind, focusing on her shoes in close-up shots and avoiding showing her cap with 'Lotte' emblazoned on it, according to Korean media.
It then failed to broadcast the prize giving ceremony, prompting South Korea media to dub Kim the "Faceless Champion". (Additional reporting by Suyeong Lee in SEOUL, Larry Fine in CALIFORNIA, Adam Jourdan in SHANGHAI, SHANGHAI newsroom; Editing by Martin Howell)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Lehigh, like all universities, is a business.
When I attended a board of trustees meeting in October, it felt like I had landed a meeting with the CEOs. I looked around at all the trustees, people whose faces I did not recognize but whose decisions emphatically shaped my Lehigh career.
In my closing remarks to the trustees, I called for accessibility and transparency within their committee and Lehigh's administration. I made the request as the editor-in-chief of The Brown and White, but more importantly, I made it as a Lehigh student. That label, I feel, entitles me to know the truth from an institution that is supposedly acting with my best interests in mind.
The day after the meeting, the board decided to take “no action” in response to a petition to rescind Donald Trump's honorary degree from the university. The Brown and White's comment section and Facebook page erupted in heated debate from students, parents and alumni. Some were thrilled, others were disheartened, but most wanted an explanation from the trustees.
When I tried to reach out to get one, my email was referred to Lehigh's public relations team.
“The board's statement is their full commentary on the issue.”
Clearly my message about accessibility and transparency had not gotten through to them.
A week later on Nov. 7, the Lehigh community received an email from the Office of the Provost. It said the university had been made aware of allegations of sexual misconduct by a faculty member.
When I tried to gather more information, I received an eerily similar response from the PR team.
“The statement is the only information available.”
In the weeks since the email was sent out, I have been met with nothing but radio silence from the administration. Unanswered emails. Canceled meetings. Insufficient PR statements.
If the administration doesn't cooperate with the newspaper, then how will students receive updates on the investigation? What implications will silence have on this university and the lives of past and future victims?
By operating as a business in an attempt to protect its brand, Lehigh is leaving its students in the dark and putting their safety at risk.
Lehigh praises the contributions made by one of its most prominent alumni, Marty Baron, '76, the executive editor of The Washington Post. Baron was a executive editor of The Boston Globe in 2002 when he led a team of investigative journalists who uncovered decades of sexual abuse within the Catholic Church.
On Nov. 27, Baron made headlines again when The Washington Post discovered it was the target of a sting operation meant to expose bias within the mainstream news media. The operation was unsuccessful — after collecting contradictory information from a woman who falsely accused Roy Moore of impregnating her as a teenager, The Post determined her story a hoax and published the truth.
When students and alumni pursue the truth outside of campus, their actions are celebrated. When it's on Lehigh's property, the same rules don't apply.
Throughout my seven semesters on The Brown and White, I've had to explain the role of the media — and the duties of this newspaper — countless times. To students. To faculty. To angry readers. And now, to the administration.
The Brown and White is not a means of free publicity for events or fundraisers. Our writers and editors do not use its pages to promote their agenda. News stories are different from editorials. And no, we will not remove an article just because you don't agree with it.
But this is what we will do — The Brown and White will continue to strive for the truth. We will honor the legacy of the Lehigh journalism department and its brave alumni. We will refuse to be ignored, silenced or intimidated. And we will always work on behalf of the students who deserve the truth.
The role of the press is to hold powerful institutions accountable, from the Catholic Church to the United States government to universities like Lehigh. This university has provided me with a valuable education, thoughtful friends and meaningful experiences. All I ask for in return — what I asked for in the board of trustees meeting six weeks ago and what I have yet to receive — is accessibility and transparency.
Democracy dies in darkness. The Washington Post made this its official slogan in February.
In his 2014 commencement address at Lehigh, Baron said, “To me, holding power to account is what the press exists to do and what often only the press can and will do.”
I hope to continue the legacy forged by past editors of The Brown and White. I will passionately advocate for students and ceaselessly pursue the truth. In a world where democracy dies in darkness, I'm making sure the lights stay on.
—
Emily Ward, '18, is the editor-in-chief for The Brown and White. She can be reached at eaw218@lehigh.edu.
The Food Standards Agency has issued a safety notice over the weekend after several baked goods were recalled due to the risk they may contain glass fragments.
Steak slices, Chicken and mushroom slices, minced beef and onion slices, cheese and onion pasties, chicken and bacon slices, chicken tikka slices and sausage and bean slices manufactured by Peter's Food Service and sold under the Peter's brand as well as LIDL Chef Select and ASDA brands have been recalled.
The Food Standards Agency notice reads:”Peter's Food Service Ltd recalls several baked meat and vegetarian pasty products because they may contain glass fragments. Products include ASDA, LIDL and Peter's brand products.
“No other Peter's Food Service Ltd batches or products are known to be affected.
“If you have bought any of the above products do not eat them. Instead, return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.”
The full list of affected products is detailed below:
Product: ASDA 2 Peppered Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 19 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: ASDA 2 Peppered Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: ASDA 2 Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 19 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: ASDA 2 Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: LIDL Chef Select 2 Chicken and Mushroom Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: LIDL Chef Select 2 Minced Beef and Onion Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Deli Cheese and Onion Pasty
Pack size: 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Cheese and Onion Pasty
Pack size: 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Premier Chicken and Bacon Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 21 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: Peter's Premier Chicken Tikka Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Premier Chicken Tikka Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 21 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: Peter's Premier Sausage and Bean Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Premier Steak Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
German Chancellor Angela Merkel speaks during a joint news conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin following their talks at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday Europe should not push Turkey away despite worries about President Tayyip Erdoğan's tightening grip on power, seeming to play down talk that its aspirations to join the European Union are over.
The EU's top official dealing with Ankara has told Reuters that Turkey had disqualified itself from joining the bloc due to Erdoğan's crackdown on dissidents, his "Nazi" jibes at Germany and a referendum that granted him sweeping new powers.
However, in an interview published in the Berliner Zeitung, Merkel said that Turkey was "an important partner in the fight against Islamist terror" and it was in the EU's and NATO's interests to have good relations with Ankara.
"You should not just push away such a partner, even in view of negative developments that we must address," she said.
Asked about EU membership talks, Merkel was more cagey, although she reiterated that Turkey would cross a red line with the EU if it were to reintroduce the death penalty.
"We in Europe must jointly discuss what sort of future relationship we want with Turkey," she said.
Many in Merkel's conservative Christian Democrats (CDU) are sceptical about Turkey joining the bloc but Merkel has long argued that it is important to talk to Ankara and no decisions on actual membership are close.
She also rejected calls from some conservative allies to tighten up the rules on dual citizenship, which affect many of the 3 million people with Turkish roots living in Germany, an issue in the run-up to a Sept. 24 parliamentary election.
"Dual citizenship will not be an election campaign issue like it was in 1999," Merkel told the Koelner Stadt Anzieger in an interview, referring to a debate before Germany changed the rules in 2000 which made it easier to get dual citizenship.
Merkel's government has for the last decade talked about the need for greater integration of Germany Turkish community. The arrival of more than 1 million migrants in the last two years had intensified the debate.
(Reporting by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Louise Ireland)
ZURICH — World champion Kylie Masse collected two gold medals and Olympic champ Penny Oleksiak won a gold and a silver on Saturday at the Einladung Invitational swimming competition.
Masse, from Windsor, Ont., came within 0.2 seconds of her Canadian record in the 50-metre backstroke, clocking 27.84 seconds. Alicja Tchorz of Poland was second in 28.85 and Elena Gemo of Italy third in 29.07.
In the 200 backstroke, Masse finished in a meet record 2:07.47 for a decisive victory. Margherita Panziera of Italy was second in 2:09.86 and Kata Burian of Italy third in 2:11.19.
Toronto's Oleksiak won the 100 freestyle in a meet record 53.94, more than half a second ahead of Marie Wattel of France. Maria Ugolkova of Switzerland was third in 55.40.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union warned Ankara on Friday that a Turkish court's decision to overturn its release of a local rights activist damaged the country's standing, saying the need to uphold court judgements was crucial for better EU-Turkey ties.
In a statement, the EU said the reversal of the release the chairman of the local arm of Amnesty International, Taner Kilic, was one of the “worrying developments undermining the rule of law and independence and impartiality of the judiciary in Turkey.”
“The non-implementation of judgements ... risks setting an unfortunate precedent as it casts serious doubts about the existence of effective legal remedy,” EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini and European Commissioner Johannes Hahn said in a statement.
“Concrete and lasting improvements in the area of rule of law and fundamental freedoms remain essential to the prospects of EU-Turkey relations,” they said.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
The Toronto-based reggae fusion band Magic! performs Saturday night at Musicfest, at Del Crary Park. The band is known for its hit single Rude and Juno wins in 2015 for single of the year and breakthrough group of the year.
The group's latest album is Primary Colours, with the hit single Lay You Down Easy. The music starts at 8 p.m., and admission is free. Musicfest continues all summer with free concerts Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Learn more about Magic! here, and check out Musicfest's summer of tunes here.
EM ASIA FX- Most Asian currencies edge up as U.S. inflation data dents dollar
(Adds details, updates prices) By Susan Mathew June 15 Most Asian currencies edged higher on Thursday, buoyed by a retreating dollar as U.S. inflation data was weaker than expected, leaving investors doubting there will be a third rate hike this year by the Federal Reserve. A Washington Post report saying a special counsel is investigating U.S. President Donald Trump for possible obstruction of justice added to the weakness in the U.S. currency. The dollar index, whi
TAIPEI, March 28 Taiwan stocks rose on Tuesday, tracking Asian stocks, as investors tentatively took confidence in U.S. President Trump's planned stimulus policies after his setback in getting a healthcare reform bill passed. The main TAIEX index rose 0.4 percent to 9,918.62 points as of 0115 GMT, after closing down 0.3 percent on Monday. Taiwan stocks also took heart after the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average narrowed their losses overnight from earlier in the session, and the Nasdaq ended higher. Taiwan's electronics subindex gained 0.5 percent, leading the gains along with the construction index and transportation index , both of which also rose more than 0.5 percent. The financial subindex was down 0.1 percent. Among actively traded shares, Taiwanese conglomerate Formosa Plastics was up 0.2 percent. The Taiwan dollar continued a firming streak to strengthen T$0.100 against the U.S. dollar to T$30.150, as it heads toward a strong T$30.00 level not seen since September 2014. (Reporting by Jess Macy Yu; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
April 6 Superloop Ltd :
* Superloop acquires Subpartners Pty Ltd-slc.ax
* It has acquired all issued shares of subpartners pty ltd ("subpartners").
* Consideration for acquisition of subpartners is us$2.5 million
* Consideration will be satisfied by issue of 1.5 million fully paid ordinary shares in superloop at an issue price of $2.255
* Company will seek shareholder approval for issue of shares to Bevan Slattery, owner of 80% of issued capital of subpartners
* If shareholders do not approve issue of shares to slattery, he will be paid cash consideration equivalent to us$2 million
* If shareholders approve issue of shares to slattery, his holding in superloop will increase from 28.8% to approximately 29.1%
* Total capital expenditure by subpartners in relation to indigo cable systems is expected to be between us$35 million and us$37 million from fy17 until fy20
* Provided a guarantee in relation to subpartner's construction capital commitments to supplier as well as ongoing operating commitments
* "Has sufficient funding headroom to meet subpartners' capital and operational commitments within superloop's current debt facility"
* Subpartners is also responsible for procurement, provision, operation and maintenance of shore end infrastructure for indigo central in Sydney
* Subpartners will receive fees of approximately us$5.3 million from Indigo Consortium over fy17 and fy18
* Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK Puerto Rico's financial oversight board on Friday approved a fiscal plan for the struggling U.S. territory's Government Development Bank, which would wind down the bank's operations over 10 years.
The oversight board, appointed under the Puerto Rico rescue law known as PROMESA, also approved turnaround plans for the island's highway and water authorities, as well as power utility PREPA, though those approvals were contingent on changes the agencies must make in the next several weeks.
The GDB, which had served as the island's primary fiscal agent, has been a shell entity since April 2016, when Puerto Rico's former governor declared a state of emergency at the bank. The bank defaulted on $422 million of debt the following month.
Board member David Skeel said it was "with sadness" that the GDB be wound down, "but I think it's the most effective way to disentangle GDB from the rest of the economy."
PREPA, which last month reached a deal with its own creditors to restructure $8.9 billion in debt, was told by the board to tweak its plan to ensure it can lower customer rates to 21 cents per kilowatt hour by 2023.
Water authority PRASA, whose plan will seek to reduce a 10-year funding gap of $3.5 billion, was ordered to raise rates, while highway authority HTA must alter its blueprint to address its fiscal sustainability asset by asset.
HTA must also come up with better solutions for losses at its mass transit system, the board said.
Puerto Rico is trying to escape a crisis marked by $70 billion in debt, a 45 percent poverty rate and unemployment more than twice the U.S. average. It faces a deadline on Monday to either reach debt restructuring deals with creditors or open itself up to lawsuits from those creditors.
It could also file a so-called Title III proceeding, an in-court restructuring process akin to U.S. bankruptcy, which would protect it from lawsuits.
At Friday's meeting, the board adopted a mechanism to file a Title III proceeding for the island or its public agencies without holding a public meeting.
(Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
From Maryland State Police:
Maryland State Police are investigating a four-vehicle collision in which a woman died this afternoon in Harford County.
At approximately 12:40 p.m., troopers from the Bel Air Barrack responded to a motor vehicle collision that occurred on East-West Hwy (MD. Rt. 23) and Grafton Shop Road in Forest Hill, Maryland.
According to a preliminary investigation, a blue Subaru Forester, being driven by Georgina Marie Schulz, 27, of Bel Air, Maryland, was traveling east on MD Rt. 23. The roadway is currently under construction and a traffic flagging team was being utilized as traffic was reduced to one lane for both east and west lanes of travel.
Traffic was stopped for the eastbound lanes of travel when Schulz, who was not wearing a seat belt, failed to slow down and subsequently struck the rear of a Toyota Sequoia. The force of the impact caused a chain reaction and caused two additional vehicles to be struck.
Medical personnel from the Bel Air Volunteer Fire Department responded to the scene and transported Schulz by ambulance to the University of Maryland Upper Chesapeake Medical Center where she was pronounced dead at the hospital. The operator of the Toyota was injured and transported by ambulance to Upper Chesapeake Medical Center.
MD Rt. 23 was closed for approximately two hours at the site of the collision while investigators from the Maryland State Police Bel Air Barrack and Crash Team investigated the collision.
The collision remains under investigation.
MILAN Juventus striker Gonzalo Higuain will return to Napoli on Sunday for the first time since his acrimonious departure in July, adding further fuel to the often bitter rivalry between the clubs.
The Serie A match also represents third-placed Napoli's last, faint hope of catching the championship leaders and, if that were not enough, bad feeling is still simmering after a controversial Italian Cup match between them four weeks ago.
The second leg of that semi-final tie will be played at the same San Paolo stadium the following Wednesday.
Higuain spent three seasons at Napoli where he became a crowd favourite especially after scoring a Serie A record 36 goals for them last season.
Admiration, however, turned to scorn and outright hostility when the Argentine, who still had two years to run on his contract, moved to Juventus after they agreed to pay a 90 million euro ($96.67 million) buyout clause in his contract.
When news of his move first emerged, supporters gathered in the city centre to tear up pictures of Higuain and set fire to replicas of his number nine shirt. A banner bearing his photograph was tied to a dust cart.
At Napoli games this season, vendors outside the stadium have been selling toilet rolls with Higuain's photograph on the packaging.
When Juventus and Napoli met in Serie A in Turin in October, there was an air of inevitability as Higuain scored the decisive goal in a 2-1 win for his side.
They clashed again in Turin on March 1 in the first leg of their Italian Cup semi-final and Napoli were left fuming after they had a penalty appeal turned down while their rivals were awarded two and converted both in a 3-1 win.
Even the mayor of Naples, Luigi de Magistris, joined the criticism, using the city's official website to complain that Napoli were victims of "disgrace upon disgrace".
Juventus, aiming for a sixth successive title, have dropped only two points in their last 10 Serie A matches, a run which has taken them eight points clear of AS Roma with Napoli a further two behind.
Despite security worries, Juventus will as usual stay at the 19th century Grand Hotel Parker's in the city centre which in the past has hosted English novelist Virginia Woolf, Irish playwright Oscar Wilde and members of the Bourbon and Savoy royal families, among others.
Hotel director Antonio Maiorino told local station Radio Kiss Kiss that extra security would be placed on each floor and only guests would be allowed into the hotel.
“There will be maximum security considering the nature of the event,” he said.
“We will maintain privacy and ensure the safety of our guests. We want to give an image of Naples as a hospitable place that doesn't let itself be taken over by fanatics."
($1 = 0.9310 euros)
(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Toby Davis)
* Says could take more than a decade to launch projects
* OTPP is one of world's largest infrastructure investors
* 2016 rate of return hit by negative currency impact (Recasts, adds CEO comment on Canada/US infrastructure)
By Matt Scuffham
TORONTO, March 29 Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, one of the world's biggest infrastructure investors, warned it could take more than 10 years for infrastructure investment plans by Canada and the United States to come to fruition.
Canada hopes its planned 'infrastructure bank' will facilitate billions of dollars of financing from private investors for critical projects in areas such as public transit and green infrastructure. Meanwhile, U.S. President Donald Trump has said he will launch a $1 trillion infrastructure programme funded from private sources.
"To really make a coherent, long-term, visionary infrastructure plan for Canada or the U.S. you've got to think in terms of a decade or a decade and a half to really get momentum in these projects," Mock told reporters after the OTPP published its annual results on Wednesday.
Canada's Liberal government has come under pressure to move more quickly in rolling out a planned C$180 billion ($135 billion) infrastructure programme.
Chief Investment Officer Bjarne Graven Larsen said he believed Canada was ahead of the United States in progressing with its infrastructure plan, partly because of the creation of the infrastructure bank.
Ontario Teachers' pioneered a move by Canadian pension funds in the 1990s to invest directly in private companies, infrastructure and real estate internationally as an alternative to Canadian equities and government bonds.
The fund's infrastructure portfolio includes investments in Britain's high speed railway connecting London and the Channel Tunnel and in one of the largest desalination plants in the world in Sydney, Australia.
The OTPP, which administers pensions for 316,000 working and retired teachers in Canada's most populous province, said its rate of return dropped to 4.2 percent last year from 13 percent in 2015. It cited unfavorable currency movements as a factor behind the weaker performance.
The results still exceeded a benchmark target of 3.5 percent for the fund, Canada's third-biggest public pension plan.
The OTPP said its net assets grew to C$175.6 billion at the end of 2016 from C$171.4 billion a year earlier.
The fund, which has investments in more than 50 countries, said currency movements had a negative impact of 280 basis points on its rate of return in 2016, compared with an 830-basis-point positive effect in 2015.
Ontario Teachers' said it was 105 percent funded as of Jan. 1, meaning it had a surplus of assets with which to meet its future pension obligations.
($1 = 1.3372 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Matt Scuffham; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn, Bernard Orr)
Football Soccer - Premier League - Everton vs Stoke City - Liverpool, Britain - August 12, 2017 Everton's Wayne Rooney celebrates after the match Action Images via Reuters/Lee Smith
LIVERPOOL, England (Reuters) - Wayne Rooney marked his Premier League return in Everton colours in perfect fashion with the winning goal in a 1-0 victory over Stoke City at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Rooney, who was full of invention and energy throughout, rose well to meet a fine Dominic Calvert-Lewin cross with a looping header into the far corner on the stroke of half-time.
The former England captain rejoined his boyhood club last month after 13 years with Manchester United and he instantly looked at home.
"To play for this football club again is a huge deal for me and to score at Goodison in my first game back, it doesn't get much better. A great moment," said Rooney.
"It was a tough game and we were a bit fortunate to go in 1-0 up at halftime. I thought we were the better team in the second half and deserved to win," he added.
The 31-year-old, playing just behind debutant Spanish striker Sandro Ramirez, delivered some clever passes and fed the lively Calvert-Lewin with some perfectly weighted through balls.
"He was clever, comfortable on the ball. That is why we signed Wayne, expecting to show his team-mates all that experience, and it was really the case today," said Everton manager Ronald Koeman.
Football Soccer - Premier League - Everton vs Stoke City - Liverpool, Britain - August 12, 2017 Everton's Wayne Rooney celebrates after the match Action Images via Reuters/Lee Smith
But while Everton dominated large parts of the game, they needed new goalkeeper, Jordan Pickford, to pull off a superb save in injury time to deny Xherdan Shaqiri an equaliser from a long-range drive.
Earlier Calvert-Lewin, the England Under-20 international, who again showed his great potential, could have made sure of the win in the 69th minute when he robbed Kurt Zouma on the edge of the area. But his fierce blast was kept out by Stoke keeper Jack Butland.
Stoke battled hard and were as well-organised and dogged as ever but lacked the creative touch in the final third.
"Overall I thought we did OK ... I didn't think there was too much between the two sides," said Stoke manager Mark Hughes.
"Their keeper made a great save at the end to save the result for them."
But Hughes said there was something inevitable about Rooney's role in the win.
"He was always going to be part of the story ... that is what we feared," he said.
(Adds details, background)
By Davide Barbuscia
DUBAI, April 10 DAMAC Properties, the second-largest listed Dubai developer, has set initial price guidance for its planned five-year dollar sukuk in the mid 6 percent area, a document from one of the banks leading the deal showed on Monday.
DAMAC's outstanding five-year sukuk maturing in 2019 was yielding around 4.4 percent on Monday, Thomson Reuters data showed.
The new Regulation S senior, unsecured Islamic bond will be of benchmark size, which usually means upwards of $500 million. The sukuk is expected to price on April 11, the document said.
The company announced at the end of March it planned to buy back up to $250 million of its outstanding sukuk maturing in 2019, and it said earlier on Monday that it had received tenders of about $197.7 million from sukuk holders.
DAMAC is a business partner of U.S. President Donald Trump and has recently opened a Trump-branded golf club in Dubai.
The company has a BB credit rating with a stable outlook by Standard & Poor's.
BofA Merrill Lynch, Emirates NBD Capital, HSBC, and VTB Capital are the joint bookrunners for the new debt transaction.
(Reporting by Davide Barbuscia, editing by Louise Heavens)
BRUSSELS Europe's highest court on Wednesday said Bulgaria had breached limits for hazardous air pollutants, a ruling environmental group said would help in their efforts to force countries to take action over poor air quality.
The European Court of Justice said higher concentrations of particulate matter - small dust particles blamed for breathing problems and heart disease - recorded at several sites in Bulgaria from 2007 to 2014 showed severe breaches of EU clean air quality rules.
There were no fines attached to the ruling.
Bulgaria's Environment Ministry said in a statement the use of wood and coal for heating as well as the large number of old cars caused the air pollution in the EU's poorest member state and said it was working with institutions to improve the situation.
"It is necessary to mobilize the efforts of all parties concerned and the active support of the people," it said.
Apart from Bulgaria, the European Union executive has begun legal action against 15 countries over breaches of air quality standards, including particulate matter. The ECJ is currently reviewing a case against Poland.
The ruling, the first time the court has endorsed EU air pollution rules, was seized upon by campaigners as a precedent for other cases.
"The Court of Justice has opened the door for major progress in Europe's fight for clean air and clarified that people's health comes first," Ugo Taddei, a lawyer for ClientEarth, said.
The European Commission has estimated premature deaths attributable to air pollution in 2013 at 13,700 in Bulgaria and around 400,000 in the EU as a whole.
(Reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek and Angel Krasimirov, Editing by Jane Merriman and Janet Lawrence)
* Annual net profit forecast at NZ$9 mln vs NZ$20-22 mln
* Shares sink 13 pct after warning (Adds market reaction, CEO comment)
WELLINGTON, April 5 New Zealand honey exporter Comvita Ltd issued a profit warning on Wednesday due to problems with its informal channels into China, sending its shares down more than 13 percent.
The company said it expected net profit after tax to be NZ$9 million ($6.27 million) for the year ending June 30, lower than the NZ$20 million to NZ$22 million forecasts in February.
"We are now assuming that the informal channels out of Australia and New Zealand into China will not recover to our earlier forecast levels before 30 June 2017," CEO Scott Coulter said in a statement.
The company's shares were down 13.3 percent at 2355 GMT compared with a 0.07 percent fall in the benchmark index NZX 50 .
Comvita said in its half-year results in February that it was trying to switch from informal channels such as personal shoppers, known as "daigou", to formal distribution channels for sales into China.
Luxury food and beverage products from New Zealand, such as manuka honey, are prized by China's growing middle-class due to the Pacific exporter's reputation for quality and safety.
Poor weather resulting in a reduced harvest was also contributing to the downgrade in expected profits, the company said. ($1 = 1.4343 New Zealand dollars) (Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Stephen Coates)
March 31 Tivo Corp
* Tivo -on March 27, co, Tivo solutions, Fir Tree Value Master Fund, Fir Tree Capital Opportunity Master Fund and The Driehaus Entities executed settlement agreement
* Tivo Corp - terms of settlement, among other matters, provide that, in exchange for a release and dismissal of all asserted claims, will pay $12.80/share
* Tivo Corp says terms of settlement will be funded from a combination of cash held by exchange agent and cash on balance sheet
* Tivo Corp says terms of settlement will not have a material adverse effect on co's financial position or result of operations
* Tivo Corp -following settlement, no other appraisal proceedings remain outstanding in connection with Tivo acquisition Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
British counter-terrorism police have begun an investigation into a "major incident" after a couple fell ill from possible exposure to an unknown substance in the southern English city of Amesbury near Salisbury.
Wiltshire police appealed for information and cordoned off sites in and around both towns overnight into Wednesday after they found a man and a woman in their 40s unconscious in a building on Saturday evening.
They are being treated for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital. Both are in a critical condition.
Same hospital as Sergei Skripal
Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were treated at the same hospital after they were poisoned with a Novichok nerve agent in March. The UK government accused Russia of responsibility for the attack.
Police had initially thought that the two unidentified patients fell ill after using heroin or crack cocaine. Police said they are now "keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident."
A Public Health England (PHE) spokesman said early Wednesday: "The current advice from PHE England, based upon the number of casualties affected, is that it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public. This will be continually assessed as further information becomes known."
The UK government's emergency response committee has met over the incident and a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said she is receiving regular updates on the investigation. "This is an incident which understandably is being treated with the utmost seriousness," he said.
Porton Down defense laboratory
Amesbury is 8 kilometers (5 miles) from the Porton Down science and technology laboratory operated by the Ministry of Defence. The 7,000-acre (2,800-hectare) site has been known for more than a century as one of the UK's most secretive military research facilities. A range of other private and commercial science organizations are also based there.
According to a report in the Financial Times in March, the government increased funding of the Porton Down Defence Science and Technology Laboratory by 48 million pounds (€53 million, $63 million) following the poisoning of the Skripals. Scientists at the facility were key in identifying the nerve agent and in cleaning up affected sites in Salisbury following the attack.
amp, jm/aw (Reuters, AFP)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
BRIEF-Skanska says sells buildings at university in Kalmar, Sweden
* Skanska divests three buildings at linnaeus university in kalmar, sweden, for about sek 1.1 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
* PREVIOUS TRADING SESSION MOVES:
* SSEC -0.5 pct, CSI300 -0.2 pct, HSI +0.9 pct
* Shanghai->HK daily quota used 6.2 pct
* HK->Shenzhen Connect daily quota used 1.6 pct, Shenzhen->HK daily quota used 2.3 pct
* CNY official close 6.893 per dollar
* FTSE China A50 -0.1 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index -0.8 pct
SHANGHAI, April 13 Following is a list of recent corporate and policy announcements, as well as other news that might affect Chinese financial markets. Policy, government, sector news:
* Xi stamp of approval fuels frenzied hopes for new China economic zone
* PREVIEW-China Q1 growth seen steady at 6.8 pct on construction boom, investment boost
* China to adopt new rules to improve economic data quality
* China's c. bank quietly increases its power in battle to curb risks
* China to soon unveil state firm ownership reforms - Xinhua
* Moody's says Chinese government's fiscal impulse larger than headline figures suggest
* China orders miners, utilities to sign more long-term coal deals to ease price pain
* China raises retail gasoline, diesel prices - state planner
* China's Dalian Commodity Exchange to cut transaction fees on iron ore, coking coal, coke, PP futures
* China's Chengdu bars buyers from reselling homes for 3 years Data due:
* China prelim monthly import/export data
Company moves: (Unless otherwise specified, pct change is for y/y)
In focus
* In bid to calm high spirits over new economic zone, trading in 14 listed companies suspended from April 13 for self-check after startling share price gains
* Syngenta says Mexican remedies for ChemChina deal will not have major impact
* ChemChina-Syngenta deal wins Chinese regulatory approval
* China's Fosun plans to buy stake in Russia's Polyus -Interfax
* China's Ant Financial extends mobile payments empire to Indonesia
* Ping An Life's premium up 35.9 pct in Jan-Feb
Earnings/Performance
* China State Construction Engineering's 2016 net profit up 14.6 pct
* Sanan Optoelectronics sees Q1 profit up after 2016 rise, to boost U.S. unit's capital
* Guangdong Electric Power to swing to loss in Q1 after 2016 profit fall
* Beijing Capital Development's 2016 net profit down 8.7 pct
* Hainan Rubber returns to net profit in 2016
* Zhongtong Bus sees Q1 net profit down 65-68 pct
* Hisense Kelon Electrical sees Q1 net profit up 70-90 pct
* Shanghai Construction and units' newly signed contracts up about 15.6 pct in Q1
Equity changes/IPOs
* Lock-up period for Focus Media Information Technology's 505.05 mln shares to end on April 17
* Zhejiang Zhengyuan Zhihui Technology's IPO 7,723.7 times oversubscribed
* Tellgen Corp's IPO 8,114.4 times oversubscribed M&A
* Global Top E-commerce scraped acquisition of tech firm for 1.8 billion yuan Other moves (spin-offs, divestitures, deals)
* China Petroleum Engineering wins $2.52 bn contract for Russia gas project
* Lens Technology's unit to acquire property assets in Vietnam for $53.8 mln (Compiled by Luoyan Liu)
LONDON (Reuters) - Yohann Diniz produced an astonishing solo tour de force to become the oldest man ever to become a world athletics champion at the age of 39 as he won the 50-kilometre walk title on Sunday.
The French world record holder, one of the great figures of race walking, produced the second fastest walk in history, 3 hours 33 minutes 12 seconds -- a time only he has bettered -- with one of the performances of the entire World Championships.
Diniz was so dominant en route to his long-awaited first global title that he lapped nearly all the 43-strong field over the 2km looped circuit on The Mall, finishing less than a minute adrift of his three-year-old world record of 3:32:33.
He was even able to take a swift comfort break when leading in the first 15 minutes before rejoining the race and destroying his opponents over the 25 laps between Admiralty Arch and Buckingham Palace.
A great showman, father of two Diniz was even able to smile and wave to the crowds lining the course well before the finish as he landed a third gold of the championships for France.
He blew kisses towards Buckingham Palace on the last circuit, turning it into a glorified lap of honour, and approached the line while making a scarf out of a tricolour he had grabbed from the crowd before then hoisting it aloft to celebrate his new championship record.
He had only one moment of concern when he received a red card for an infringement at about the 20km mark. "I started having doubts but in training, we have been doing lots of changes of rhythms, so I just kept going.
"I got a card too and I thought 'I just must not mess this up.' I just concentrated completely on my technique.
"Last night I kept away from watching the athletics on TV because I did not want to get too excited. I went to bed at nine because I knew it was going to be my day!"
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 50 km walk – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017 – Yohann Diniz of France celebrates winning the gold medal. Matthew Childs
His eight-minute gap over his two distant Japanese pursuers, silver medallist Hirooki Arai (3:41:17) and bronze medallist Kai Kobayashi (3:41:19), was by far the biggest ever recorded in the championships.
Diniz became the oldest male world champion in any event, surpassing another walker, 37-year-old Veniamin Soldatenko. The Soviet athlete won a specially-staged 50km event in Malmo in 1976, seven years before Helsinki staged the first global championships.
Belarussian Ellina Zvereva holds the overall record of being the oldest world champion, having won the women's discus in 2001 at the age of 40.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 50 km walk – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017 – Yohann Diniz of France celebrates winning the gold medal. Toby Melville
Diniz's triumph, the first ever in race walking by a Frenchman, came a year after his heartbreak in the Rio Olympic final when he led by nearly two minutes before he collapsed at 37km with heatstroke, dehydration and gastric problems.
He was then hailed as a hero as he got up, insisted on continuing and, incredibly, finished the race in eighth place.
When Diniz competed on this same course on the Mall during the 2012 Olympics, he had been forced to pull out during the race.
His familiar all-or-nothing approach had seen the three-time European champion Diniz miss out in five previous global championships but for a man famed for being a wine-making expert, this was a champagne moment.
Would it not perhaps be the perfect time to retire on a high, he was asked. "It is a lovely Sunday afternoon. I know you should never take any decision when you are hot," he smiled.
"I am still missing one title and that is the Olympic one. It would be a nice way to finish in Tokyo."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Overstock.Com Inc:
* TZERO, OVERSTOCK.COM‘S BLOCKCHAIN SUBSIDIARY, PURCHASES 24% STAKE IN STOCKCROSS FINANCIAL
* OVERSTOCK.COM INC - IN CONNECTION WITH TRANSACTION, TZERO WILL RECEIVE APPROXIMATELY 1.2 MILLION SHARES OF SIEBERT
* OVERSTOCK.COM INC - ‍UNDER TERMS OF TRANSACTION, TZERO HAS ACQUIRED A 24 PERCENT INTEREST IN STOCKCROSS FOR $12 MILLION​
* OVERSTOCK.COM INC - IN A SEPARATE TRANSACTION, TZERO PURCHASED A 1 PERCENT OWNERSHIP INTEREST IN KENNEDY CABOT ACQUISITION, LLC
* OVERSTOCK.COM INC - TZERO WILL OWN BENEFICIALLY APPROXIMATELY AN ADDITIONAL 200,000 SHARES OF SIEBERT
* OVERSTOCK.COM INC - TZERO‘S BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SIEBERT SHARES WILL TOTAL 5.3 PERCENT OF SIEBERT‘S OUTSTANDING SHARES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
British transport company Stagecoach SCG.L confirmed its full-year earnings expectations, with higher revenue in its UK rail divisions helping to offset falls in its domestic bus and North America units.
Stagecoach, which runs bus and train services in different parts of Britain, said comparable revenue for its UK bus division, both London and regional operations, fell 0.9 percent and 1.7 percent respectively for the 44 weeks to March 4.
The company blamed economic weakness in some parts of the UK and sustained lower fuel prices for the shortfall in the regional bus operation.
Like-for-like revenue for its North American business in the 10 months to the end of February declined 2.2 percent as heightened car and air competition hurt the business.
But revenue at UK rail and Virgin Rail Group rose 1.6 percent and 5.3 percent respectively in the 44 weeks to March 4.
"Our expectation of the Group's adjusted earnings per share for the year ending 29 April 2017 has not changed from when we announced our interim results in December 2016," Stagecoach said.
In December, it said its forecast for earnings per share for the year to the end of April 2017 was broadly unchanged, with analyst consensus then standing at about 25 pence. The EPS figure was 27.7 pence for the previous year.
Shares in the company were up 1.6 percent at 0722 GMT, among the top five performers on the FTSE mid-cap index .FTMC on Wednesday.
The company recently lost the franchise to run South West trains to a consortium of FirstGroup (FGP.L) and Hong Kong's MTR (0066.HK)
(Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; editing by Susan Thomas)
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Football Soccer - AS Roma v Lazio - Italian Serie A - Olympic Stadium, Rome, Italy - 30/04/17 AS Roma's supporters hold scarfs before the match. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Football Soccer - AS Roma v Lazio - Italian Serie A - Olympic Stadium, Rome, Italy - 30/04/17 AS Roma's Daniele De Rossi celebrates after scoring first goal. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Football Soccer - AS Roma v Lazio - Italian Serie A - Olympic Stadium, Rome, Italy - 30/04/17 AS Roma's Mohammed Salah and Lazio's Jordan Lukaku in action. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
ROME AS Roma's Serie A title challenge all but fizzled out on Sunday when they lost 3-1 to arch-rivals Lazio despite being awarded a hugely controversial penalty which overshadowed the game.
Napoli added to Inter Milan's troubles with a 1-0 win at San Siro and Pescara midfielder Sulley Muntari walked off the pitch at Cagliari, saying the referee had failed to act against racist chanting.
Roma were awarded one of the most controversial penalties of the season after Kevin Strootman went down in the Lazio penalty area but replays showed that the Dutchman was not touched by any Lazio player.
Strootman touched the ball once, turned and then fell to the ground although it was not clear whether it was a deliberate dive or he was just trying to get out of the way of a tackle from Lazio's Wallace.
In an incident which will strengthen the case for the introduction of video referees in football, Daniele De Rossi converted the spot kick in the 45th minute to cancel out Keita Balde Diao's 12th-minute opener for Lazio.
Fourth-placed Lazio restored what they saw as justice when Dusan Basta scored with a deflected shot five minutes after the restart and Keita finished off a deadly counter-attack to complete the win with his second goal of the game.
Second-placed Roma's defeat left them nine points behind leaders Juventus with four matches to play. Juve have 84 points with Roma on 75, Napoli on 74 and Lazio, virtually assured a place in the Europa League, on 67.
It was Lazio's first league win over Roma since November 2012, a run of seven matches.
Roma brought on 40-year-old Francesco Totti for the final 20 minutes for what could be stalwart's last derby, if he does not renew his contract at the end of the season.
Lazio coach Simeone Inzaghi said that referee Daniele Orsato had admitted making the wrong decision during the halftime interval.
"He admitted the mistake at halftime and we accepted it," he told reporters, adding that he regarded Orsato as one of Italy's top officials.
Antonio Ruediger completed Roma's misery when he was sent off in stoppage time.
Napoli forward Jose Callejon took advantage of dreadful defending to score two minutes before halftime and extend Inter's winless run to six games. Inter stayed seventh, outside the Europa League places.
Relegation-threatened Palermo, who would have gone down if they had lost to Fiorentina, instead earned themselves a stay of execution with a 2-0 win over the Violets.
Alessandro Diamanti put the Sicilians ahead with a free kick in the first half against the run of play and Haitam Aleesami scored the second in stoppage time after a brilliant solo run.
Palermo, one place off the bottom and on their fifth coach of the season, have 19 points, although they are still 10 adrift of Empoli and safety.
Empoli, who are 17th, remained in danger when they lost 3-1 at home to Sassuolo, leaving them only four points ahead of Crotone who held AC Milan to a 1-1 draw.
Marcello Trotta gave Crotone an eighth-minute lead and sixth-placed Milan needed a scrambled goal from defender Gabriel Paletta early in the second half to earn a point.
Chievo won 2-1 at Genoa, Bologna beat Udinese 4-0 and Cagliari beat relegated Pescara 1-0.
After the Cagliari game, Ghanaian Muntari said he had complained to the referee about being racially insulted by fans but the match official instead showed him the yellow card for dissent.
Muntari then walked off the pitch in stoppage time, leaving his side to finish the match with 10 men.
(Writing by Brian Homewood, editing by Pritha Sarkar and Clare Fallon)
PARIS — Neymar scored his 18th league goal in as many games as French leader Paris Saint-Germain won at Lille 3-0 to stay 11 points clear at the top on Saturday.
Left back Yuri Berchiche put PSG ahead on the stroke of halftime, Neymar scored in the 78th minute and midfielder Giovani Lo Celso completed a comfortable win late on.
Neymar was involved in the opening goal, too.
He whipped a cross for Edinson Cavani and defender Junior Alonso went to contest the ball with Cavani near the penalty spot. But Alonso inadvertently knocked it into the path of Berchiche, who struck home a low shot for his second goal of the season.
LONDON Motoring group AA (AAAA.L) posted a full-year core profit of 403 million pounds on Tuesday, steady from the previous year and in line with expectations, supported by growth in new business.
AA, which offers roadside recovery and motor insurance services, saw a 14 percent growth in new business volume for the year ending Jan. 31, 2017, it said in a trading statement.
Trading earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation were up 0.2 percent from a year earlier and in line with 403 million pounds forecast on Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The group's trading revenue rose 1.6 percent to 940 million pounds, below 953 million forecasts.
Operating profit fell 4.4 percent to 284 million pounds.
Bob Mackenzie, executive chairman at AA, told Reuters an increased number of breakdown call-outs had an impact on profits, although in the longer term call-outs tended to increase customer retention.
Mackenzie said an increase in insurance premium tax, which will rise again in June to 12 percent, a doubling of the rate from two years ago, was "inequitable, invidious, insidious, you name it, all of those", but AA had not raised insurance premiums on top of the tax rises.
AA started underwriting insurance a year ago, in addition to providing broking services.
The firm said it had seen a positive start to the 2018 financial year, helped by a rise in insurance customers.
Cenkos analysts reiterated their "buy" rating on the stock, saying "management's outlook points to further positive momentum".
Mackenzie said its recent entry into the sector meant it was not much affected by an unexpectedly sharp cut to the discount rate used to calculate lump sum payments in personal injury claims. The discount rate cut will push up the size of the payments.
AA's shares were trading at 262.5 pence per share at 0851 GMT, up 2.6 percent and compared with a steady FTSE mid-cap index .FTMC.
AA said it would pay a final dividend of 9.3 pence per share, up 3.3 percent from a year earlier.
($1 = 0.7972 pounds)
(Reporting by Carolyn Cohn; Editing by Dasha Afanasieva and Mark Potter)
A Warsop man booted a police car in a bid to get arrested because he didn't want to be dropped off at his sister's house while he was drunk, a court heard.
Police were called to a domestic incident at Samuel Williamson's Vickers Street home, in the early hours of November 25, and he was driven to his sister's home, on Mushcamp Terrace, to calm down.
“The police encouraged him to get out of the vehicle, but he refused,” said Yvonne Wragg, mitigating.
“He sat in the back of the car saying - “Just take me to the police station and let me stay in the cell overnight. I can't stay here.”
“Police refused to arrest him and told him to get out and go. They were just about to drive off when he kicked the car, forcing the police to arrest him.”
Mrs Wragg said William's relationship with his sister was “sometimes problematic.”
“He didn't want to go to the address and argue with his sister and cause problems for her in the run-up to Christmas,” she said.
“He didn't want to give a false impression to his nephews because he didn't want to let them down.
“He was trying to do the right thing. He had gone about it the wrong way, and forced the police's hand.”
In interview, Williamson admitted drinking brandy and couldn't recall what the argument was about, but remembered shouting and swearing, said prosecutor Daniel Pietryka.
Williamson, 22, admitted criminal damage when he appeared at Mansfield Magistrates Court, on Monday.
The court heard he had a previous conviction for criminal damage from 2014.
Magistrates gave him a 12 month conditional discharge. He must pay £200 compensation to the police for the damage, as well as £85 costs and a £25 victim surcharge.
AKRON, Ohio (AP) — A county official in Ohio is hoping to formally declare the Akron area a welcoming place for people with autism.
Summit County Executive Ilene Shapiro said she would introduce a proposal to establish Summit County as “autism friendly” at a council meeting Monday.
Laurie Cramer, executive director of the Autism Society of Greater Akron, told the Akron Beacon Journal (http://bit.ly/2oCukCV ) that Shapiro's proposal would formalize efforts made over the past several years.
Cramer said her group has worked with others, including the Summit County Developmental Disabilities Board, to promote inclusion of people with autism.
Among their successes are autism-specific story times at the library and a chance to meet the Easter Bunny at a local mall before opening without all the crowds and loud music.
___
Information from: Akron Beacon Journal, http://www.ohio.com
A man is seen in silhouette as he walks behind the logo of BNP Paribas in a building in Issy-les-Moulineaux, near Paris, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
MUMBAI Société Générale (SOGN.PA) and BNP Paribas (BNPP.PA) are wooing hedge funds to invest in India through France, noting a special treaty between the two countries that allows investors to avoid paying tax in one of the world's hottest emerging markets.
The banks point out to investors that routing investments through their Paris base, where they have existing structures in place, would cushion them against the impact of a sweeping revamp in Indian tax rules - the General Anti Avoidance Rule (GAAR) - which came into effect this month, six people with knowledge of the banks' communications told Reuters.
Those people noted that investing in India via France, while legal, could prove controversial with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government, which is targeting foreign investments that avoid Indian taxes by coming through countries with special tax treaties.
Also, the two French banks are promoting investments into so-called participatory notes, or P-notes - products created by banks to track Indian shares, debt and derivatives - the people said.
A government-appointed panel warned in 2015 that P-notes could lead to "misuse", including money laundering or the channelling into domestic markets of unaccounted wealth held by Indians abroad.
In response to Reuters queries, Société Générale said it is "fully committed to preventing tax fraud and evasion."
"We comply with local regulations in countries where we operate. This includes SEBI's regulation on the distribution of Indian P-Notes to eligible investors," it added, referring to the Securities and Exchange Board of India.
A spokeswoman for BNP Paribas said: "We deny the assertion that we have promoted investment via France as a way to avoid CGT (capital gains tax)."
"BNP Paribas complies with all ODI (offshore derivative instruments) regulations as issued by SEBI and the applicable tax rules including GAAR... Our global set-up to provide market access products has remained consistent in all countries where we operate, including in India, and has not changed in response to the recent amendments to Indian regulations."
A spokesman for India's finance ministry declined to comment.
ADVISING CAUTION
Amit Maheshwari, a senior tax consultant, said he had been approached by clients who were contacted by the two French banks, but had advised caution.
"P-notes will definitely be a big concern because the government doesn't want to promote them," he said, adding also that the government would likely be concerned if funds were steering investments via France.
"The Indian government now wants their fair share of taxes, and this is something which will create ripples with the tax authorities," Maheshwari said, adding he expected New Delhi would push for a renegotiation of its tax treaty with France.
The treaty was one of several India signed in the 1980s and 1990s when it sought to attract overseas capital. It has similar double taxation avoidance deals with countries such as The Netherlands, Spain and Sweden.
The banks say "there is no way the Indian government can challenge us under GAAR, so why don't you use our route? You will not pay any tax," said another senior official at a tax and consulting firm who said he was approached by clients who received emails from BNP and Société Générale.
Reuters could not independently verify the content of the banks' emails to potential clients. Other tax consultants, a hedge fund and a banker spoke to Reuters on the issue on condition they were not identified.
FRANCE IN SPOTLIGHT
Under Modi, India has begun amending tax treaties with other countries in an attempt to clamp down on what it sees as abuse of its domestic tax rules.
It has already amended treaties with Singapore and Mauritius, which together account for around a third of foreign direct investment into India, including portfolio investments. [nL3N1882I5] [nL4N1EP318]
Those agreements phase in higher CGT over two years, rising to the full 15 percent tax rate India imposes on short-term capital gains on shares and 30 percent on futures and options. Investments held longer than 12 months are not taxed.
That makes France, ranked only ninth among the sources of foreign capital coming to India in April-December last year, a relatively attractive investment route - as investors would not have to pay any short-term CGT in India as long as the investment held is less than 10 percent of a company's share capital.
India is attracting foreign investment on hopes for an improving economy and more reforms. Its NSE share index .NSEI is up more than 13 percent this year to a record high and the rupee currency INR=D2 is at a near-1-year high.
Investing in India via France carries the risk that India could at any time seek to amend the tax treaty. And New Delhi has some leverage given France is keen to boost defence sales to India, such as its Rafale fighter jets (AVMD.PA).
(Additional reporting by Maiya Keidan in LONDON; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
#JesusGabriel ruptura del 5to metatarsiano. Estará entre dos y tres meses inactivo. Mala suerte la del @ManCity esta temporada. — Vero Brunati (@verobrunati) February 14, 2017
Following Man City striker Gabriel Jesus's 15th minute substitution against in the 2-0 win over Bournemouth on Monday night, reports have claimed that the Brazilian forward will be out for up to three months.
The 19-year-old, who moved to City in the January transfer window from Brazilian side Palmeiras, has impressed in his five appearances so far for the club, scoring three and assisting twice—confining teammate Sergio Aguero to the bench in the process.
The injury was confirmed by the club to be a fractured metatarsal, with the striker opting for surgery over a quick recovery—reportedly for the long-term benefits. He is expected to stay on the sidelines for up to three months, a situation that is expected to bring Aguero back into the starting eleven, and Kelechi Iheanacho back into the fold.
Jesus's arrival sparked some life into a floundering City team, catapulting them to second, and he will surely be a huge miss for manager Pep Guardiola as he prepares his side for the Champions League clash against Monaco next week.
Get upto £200 in free matched bets with bet365 - Click here to find out more
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: The offices of Swiss bank UBS are seen in the financial district of the City of London, Britain October 31, 2012. REUTERS/Chris Helgren/File Photo
ZURICH A long-awaited turnaround in UBS's wealth management business helped Switzerland's biggest bank deliver its second-best start to a year since the financial crisis, although it struck a cautious tone for the year ahead.
Rising interest rates, a booming stock market and better investor sentiment boosted the group's U.S. business, while improving Asian markets meant clients were more willing to take risks after a slowdown in late 2015 blunted trading appetite.
The world's largest wealth manager said on Friday net profit for the first three months of 2017 jumped 79 percent to 1.3 billion Swiss francs ($1.3 billion), beating the highest forecast in a Reuters poll.
UBS's strength contrasts with that of Swiss neighbor Credit Suisse which is recovering from back-to-back annual losses and is asking shareholders for billions of Swiss francs in fresh capital.
UBS warned, however, that while the global economy is likely to continue recovering, geopolitical tensions and 'divisive politics' could hurt confidence and business.
This was underscored by Chief Executive Sergio Ermotti in a telephone call with analysts and journalists.
One such uncertainty is Britain's departure from the European Union, something UBS said could lead to "potentially significant changes to our operations in the UK and our legal structure".
Investors nonetheless took heart although shares, which rose 3 percent in early trade, lost pace later as management underlined the uncertain outlook.
"The key highlight is a great recovery in the most important Wealth Management unit," Baader Helvea analyst Tomasz Grzelak said in a note.
"We think that this well-needed development will significantly lower investor concerns about the key UBS growth engine."
NEW MONEY FLOWS IN
Net new money, an important indicator for future revenue in private banking, came in at 18.6 billion francs at UBS Wealth Management - a 7.6 percent rise far ahead of the bank's 3-5 percent growth target.
UBS had said it hoped optimism surrounding new U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed policies would boost its core wealth management business.
That optimism -- communicated just seven days after Trump took office in January -- translated into a 10 percent rise in transaction-based income for Wealth Management Americas, even as the unit's gross margin dipped compared to the previous quarter.
At its wealth management unit outside North America -- traditionally more profitable but facing greater pressure from negative and low interest rates -- a rebound in trading generated record revenues and profit before tax in Asia Pacific.
Gross margins in wealth management rose quarter-on-quarter for the first time in two years, a metric analyst had been looking to as an important sign of an anticipated rebound.
Meanwhile UBS's common equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio, a closely watched measure of balance sheet strength which the bank uses as a benchmark for its dividend, rose to 14.1 percent from 13.8 percent at the end of 2016.
This moved it further ahead of Credit Suisse, which expects a CET1 ratio of around 13.4 percent even after it completes a 4 billion franc rights issue.
UBS's CET1 leverage ratio also edged up slightly to 3.55 percent, ahead of the 3.5 percent required by Swiss regulators by 2020.
The bank confirmed its target of cutting costs by 2.1 billion Swiss francs by the end of 2017 versus 2013, saying it had saved 1.7 billion francs by the end of the first quarter.
($1 = 0.9947 Swiss francs)
(Writing by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi and John O'Donnell; Editing by Alexander Smith and Keith Weir)
LONDON British manufacturers reported the fastest export growth in more than two years in early 2017 and the services sector also recovered to rack up its strongest sales growth since last June's Brexit vote, a business survey showed on Thursday.
The British Chambers of Commerce, which runs Britain's largest quarterly private-sector business survey, said firms reported a robust short-run outlook.
But there was much more uncertainty about the medium term as well as fears of sharply rising costs.
READ MORE: Central London house prices fall in March on Brexit, tax - RICS
Britain's economy bucked most economists' expectations that it would slow sharply immediately after the vote to leave the European Union. Exporters have been in a positive mood helped by a recovering global economy and a fall in the value of sterling.
However, growth is expected to weaken this year as consumers - the mainstay of last year's expansion - come under pressure from higher inflation after sterling's post-referendum tumble.
"Many firms tell us their short-term expectations are strong, but that the medium-term picture is far from clear," said Adam Marshall, the BCC's director-general.
A similar message came from smaller companies, whose morale rose to its highest since late 2015, according to a survey also released on Thursday by the Federation of Small Businesses.
READ MORE: Post-Brexit customs checks a 'catastrophe' for UK shipping: trade body
"We cannot rely in the long term on the boost that exporters have received from a weak pound," FSB chairman Mike Cherry said.
The FSB said a quarter of small businesses would be deterred from exporting to the EU if they faced any tariffs after Britain leaves the bloc in 2019.
A separate survey by market research company Nielsen, conducted after Prime Minister Theresa May formally started the clock on Brexit talks on March 29, showed consumer confidence was stable. But worries were growing about rising prices - especially among people who had voted to leave the EU.
"Although immigration concerns have dropped, Leavers are starting to worry more about everyday matters, particularly rising utility bills and food prices," said Steve Smith, Nielsen's managing director for the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Many voters who backed Leave come from poorer households which are likely to face the biggest pinch from rising prices for food and fuel.
The BCC said raw material costs were having the biggest influence on prices since late 2011, and called inflation "a key risk to the UK's growth prospects".
Official data on Tuesday showed consumer price inflation held at its highest in nearly four years at 2.3 percent in March, while the pace of factory-gate inflation barely eased from February's five-year high of 3.7 percent.
Nonetheless, confidence at services firms and manufacturers was its highest since the first half of 2016, the BCC said.
Services companies, which make up the overwhelming majority of Britain's private-sector economy, reported the fastest growth in domestic and overseas sales since June's referendum.
Manufacturers enjoyed the most rapid domestic sales growth since the third quarter of 2015, while export sales grew at the quickest pace since the final three months of 2014.
The BCC survey was based on responses from more than 7,300 firms polled between Feb. 20 and March 13. The FSB study was based on 1,245 firms contacted in January and February.
May 3 Ultra Petroleum Corp:
* Ultra Petroleum announces first quarter 2017 financial and operating results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $1.49
* Q1 loss per share $1.12
* Q1 revenue rose 39 percent to $221 million
* Ultra Petroleum Corp - for q1 of 2017, production of natural gas and oil was 64.0 billion cubic feet equivalent (bcfe)
* Ultra Petroleum Corp - annual production for 2017 is expected to range between 290 and 300 billion cubic feet equivalent
* Ultra Petroleum Corp - drilling and completion capital budget for 2017 is $500.0 million and total capital budget for 2017 is $525.0 million
* Ultra Petroleum Corp - based on continuance of an eight rig operated program, company expects approximately 25% growth in production for 2018
* Ultra Petroleum Corp sees projected 2018 ebitda exceeding $800 million at current strip pricing
* Ultra Petroleum - currently has hedged volumes equivalent to almost 50 pct of expected remaining 2017 production at weighted average price of $3.34 per mcf
* Ultra Petroleum Corp - projected ebitda for full-year 2017 ranges between $650.0 million and $700.0 million
* Ultra Petroleum Corp - q4 2017 production should be 25 percent greater than q1 with funding from cash flow
* Ultra Petroleum Corp - operated average of two rigs for most of 2016 and co has plan for remainder of 2017 to grow to eight operated rigs Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mybet Holding SE:
* DGAP-ADHOC: MYBET HOLDING SE: ADJUSTMENT TO 2017 SALES AND EARNINGS FORECAST
* CURRENTLY ASSUME THAT 2017 SALES REVENUES AMOUNTED TO 34.5 TO 35.0 MILLION EUROS
* CURRENTLY ASSUME THAT 2017 EBIT WAS AROUND 1.0 MILLION EUROS (MOST RECENTLY: 2.5 TO 3.0 MILLION EUROS)
* REASONS FOR ADJUSTMENT ARE DELAYS IN ONLINE BUSINESS IN COMPANY‘S CORE MARKETS, GREECE AND GHANA Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A man is fighting for his life in hospital after a stolen car was involved in a collision with six vehicles in north Belfast.
Police said the incident involved a stolen car. One male was left in a critical condition in the Royal Victoria Hospital, the Belfast health trust said late last night.
The scene of the incident
The trust added that four people (including a female) remained in stable conditions, whilst a child and a male had been discharged.
The fire brigade sent three engines to the scene at 6.55pm on the Crumlin Road, near the Ardoyne shops.
Five ambulances and the air ambulance also attended the scene around 7pm.
PSNI superintendent Muir Clark said in a statement: “The collision occurred at approximately 6.55pm and involved a number of vehicles including a stolen black Audi A1.
The scene of the incident
“The Audi was reported stolen from Thirlmere Gardens in North Belfast during the early hours of Sunday, July 1.
“The matter has been referred to the Police Ombudsman's Office who are currently investigating the circumstances leading up to the collision therefore it would be inappropriate to comment further pending the outcome of that investigation.”
The SDLP councillor Paul McCusker said: “The scenes from the road traffic accident can't be described as anything other than carnage.
“I would ask everyone to be patient while the road remains closed and to give the emergency services space to do their job.”
PSNI
It is understood that six cars were involved in the crash.
A section of the Crumlin Road, one of the thoroughfares in the city, was closed country-bound following the crash.
Nigel Riddell, from Northern Ireland Ambulance Service, told the BBC that one of the cars contained a number of young people.
“There was a wide range of injuries,” said Mr Riddell.
“Some people emerged relatively unscathed but at least one of the patients has suffered very critical injuries and was very rapidly transported to the RVH.”
A child was taken to the Royal Hospital for Sick Children but has since been discharged.
A Belfast Trust spokeswoman said of the five casualties taken to the RVH, one man was critical, two men and a woman were stable and another has been discharged.
A man taken to the Mater Hospital is in a stable condition. One car overturned in the collision, and part of the road has been closed.
Sinn Fein couuncillor Ryan Murphy was at the scene shortly afterwards.
“The car involved was a stolen car,” he said. “It had been taken in the early hours of Sunday morning and it had been travelling down the Crumlin Road as it struck a tree and then hit a number of properties before colliding with about six or seven cars.
“There were around nine casualties in total and one remained in a critical condition in the early hours of the morning which required emergency surgery.”
NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - It's going to take a lot of tape and scissors to piece together a leveraged buyout of Staples that works. The office-supplies chain is in talks with private-equity shops about a possible deal. According to Breakingviews calculations, however, the investment proposition looks shaky.
Since a plan to merge with Office Depot was shot down by U.S. regulators last year, Staples has replaced its chief executive and renewed efforts to slash costs. Sales at its 1,500-plus stores in the United States and Canada fell 7 percent last year and now account for less than 40 percent of some $18 billion in revenue. The rest comes from online and business customers.
The company's clean balance sheet and about $900 million a year of operating cash flow make it a buyout candidate, on paper. A 30 percent premium to its undisturbed market value, before news reports about a possible sale, would make the price tag about $7.4 billion.
Buyouts often rely on growing EBITDA, but in this case merely stopping the decline would be an achievement. Most LBOs these days involve an equity check for about 40 percent of the value. Though it would amplify the risk, at just 30 percent Staples' debt would come in under four times its $1.3 billion of expected EBITDA. That's practicable.
Then assume the buyer could sell Staples again in five years at the same multiple of EBITDA as it pays, just shy of six times. The company's dividends run around $300 million a year. Suppose generously that the new owner could squeeze out the same amount even after paying interest on $5 billion of debt.
Tally it all up, and the internal rate of return would reach 14 percent. It's decent, but falls short of the usual buyout target and would require exemplary execution in a tough business at a company that's currently shrinking.
Combining with Office Depot would transform the calculus. Staples once envisioned $1 billion a year of annual synergies, which would boost returns dramatically. There's a notion among dealmakers that the Trump administration will ease up on competition reviews. The new president also wants to preserve American jobs, though. That makes a merger far-fetched – and may leave any Staples buyout plan strictly on the back of an envelope.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LOVE was in the air at Riverfeast when it hosted its first wedding ceremony.
Glenn and Raelene Whalley tied the knot as they watched the sun set on April 8 surrounded by friends and family.
"It was absolutely beautiful,” Mr Whalley said.
"There was a great atmosphere, great food and great people all night long.
LOVEBIRDS: Glenn and Raelene Whalley were married on April 8 over looking the river and the sunset.
"No one had a to buy a drink or had a bad thing
to say - it's definitely the best wedding I've ever
been to.”
As Bundaberg's own Brady Bunch, Glenn and Raelene had their seven children by their side to celebrate.
Glenn's three daughters were bridesmaids and Raelene's four sons were groomsmen.
LOVEBIRDS: Glenn and Raelene Whalley were married on April 8 over looking the river and the sunset
Mr Whalley said the wedding was the first ceremony and reception to take place at RiverFeast and the catering was done by Tasty Street Food - and he would not have had it any other way.
"I would love to to take the time to thank everyone for coming to the wedding and all our thoughts go to the people who could not make it due to the cyclone and sicknesses - we will catch up for drinks and some pictures,” he said.
The couple is now travelling to Port Douglas to for a honeymoon.
Have you had a wedding recently?
Send through your tale of love and photos from your special day to editorial@ news-mail.com.au. We'd love to hear from you.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
BAMAKO At least eight Malian soldiers were killed on Tuesday in an ambush by suspected Islamist militants on a road in the country's central region, said an army spokesman.
Militants have staged a series of attacks in Mali in recent months, despite a 2013 French-led operation to drive the groups out of northern cities they had seized. A suicide bombing at an army base in January killed at least 77 people.
The army convoy was ambushed between the towns of Dogofri and Nampala. "The provisional toll is eight dead and some people wounded," said army spokesman Colonel Diaran Kone, holding unspecified Islamists responsible.
Armed groups, some linked to al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, have planted mines in northern and central Mali in pursuit of their campaign against the Malian government and its international allies.
The government extended a state of emergency by six months this weekend.
France said it killed more than 20 militants hiding in a forest near the border between Mali and Burkina Faso last weekend in an operation that involved both air and ground strikes.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for Tuesday's ambush.
(Reporting by Adama Diarra; Writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg; editing by John Stonestreet)
SARAJEVO, April 13 Slovenia's government on Thursday introduced a law to shield its economy from the negative effects of a crisis at Croatian company Agrokor , region's largest retailer, which was taken over by the state last week after coming close to collapse.
Slovenia's law would prevent the outflow of funds from companies owned by Agrokor that are of systemic importance for Slovenia's economic stability, Minister of Economic Development and Technology Zdravko Pocivalsek told a news conference. The companies include Slovenia's biggest retailer Mercator.
Agrokor, the biggest food producer and retailer in the Balkans with 60,000 employees, handed control to the Croatian government last week under an emergency law.
Agrokor's debts totalled around 45 billion kunas ($6.44 billion), or six times its equity, according to data from last September, although sources familiar with the situation believe debt has risen further in the last six months.
Mercator, owned by Agrokor, employs nearly 11,000 people in Slovenia and, together with food and other industries that rely on it, accounts for 10 percent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP).
Slovenia's new law allows the government to appoint an associate management board member at companies with over 6,000 employees if their majority shareholder becomes insolvent, the government said in a statement.
Pocivalsek said the law would be forwarded to parliament for urgent debate.
"We need such a law because we have to prevent a depletion of Mercator, which might occur as a result of Agrokor's problems," the Slovenian government posted on Twitter.
Agrokor on Wednesday secured an initial cash injection of 80 million euros ($85.04 million) which will be used to repay some of its local suppliers.
Ante Ramljak, the restructuring expert appointed by the Croatian government to lead the process, said on Tuesday that Agrokor would need 450 million euros to operate normally in the next 10 months, during which time the company would be restructured.
Some of Agrokor's debt stemmed from its acquisition of Mercator.
$1 = 0.9407 euros) ($1 = 6.9835 kuna) (Reporting by Maja Zuvela. Editing by Jane Merriman)
Workers assemble an e-Golf electric car at the new production line of the Transparent Factory of German carmaker Volkswagen in Dresden, Germany March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
BERLIN German industrial orders picked up in February after plummeting the previous month and the Economy Ministry said an upturn in the sector was on the cards, although the rise in contracts for factories in Europe's largest economy was weaker than expected.
Bookings rose 3.4 percent on the month, Economy Ministry data showed on Thursday. That missed the Reuters consensus forecast for a 4.0 percent increase but followed an upwardly revised drop of 6.8 percent in January.
The data comes after a survey that showed manufacturing growth reached its highest level in almost six years in March, driven by an increase in orders for intermediate goods, suggesting the sector will contribute to an economic expansion in the first quarter.
"German new orders have woken up from hibernation," said ING economist Carsten Brzeski, adding that bookings seemed to be extremely sensitive to seasons and the weather.
"Looking through this high volatility, the trend for order books is slightly positive, though still not as positive and strong as current confidence indicators are suggesting."
February's increase was driven by the strongest surge in domestic demand since May 2011, with companies in Germany ordering 8.1 percent more goods than they ordered in January, when they had significantly scaled back orders.
Foreign orders failed to contribute, with a breakdown showing bookings from the euro zone fell by 2.4 percent while non-euro zone contracts increased by 1.6 percent.
But Sophia Krietenbrink, economist at Germany's DIHK Chambers of Commerce, said international political risks seem to be having hardly any impact on well-filled German order books.
The German economy faces numerous risks this year - ranging from unpredictable elections at home and in France to protectionist trade policies under U.S. President Donald Trump and Britain's Brexit negotiations.
Nonetheless, forward-looking data has given reason for optimism too, with business morale hitting its highest level in nearly six years and the mood among investors improving.
A breakdown of the February data showed demand for intermediate goods soared while appetite for consumer products rose and contracts for capital goods edged up.
"The increase in orders was important - otherwise concerns about production would definitely have been warranted," said Alexander Krueger, economist at Bankhaus Lampe.
Output data due out on Friday is expected to show factories churned out 0.1 percent fewer goods in February. ECONDE
The Economy Ministry said that in the less-volatile two-month comparison for January/February compared with November/December, orders declined by 2.4 percent, with domestic and foreign orders equally to blame. But it said it expected the industrial sector's performance to improve slightly.
Other recent data has shown unemployment falling, retail sales rising and growth in services accelerating, though engineering orders were flat in February as domestic orders dropped.
(Additional reporting by Rene Wagner; Writing by Michelle Martin, editing by Larry King and Angus MacSwan)
April 3 Old Mutual Plc:
* Old Mutual appoints Peter Moyo as new chief executive of Old Mutual emerging markets
* Mayo will take up his new position on June 1, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
March 30 Zensar Technologies Ltd
* Approved acquisition of business of Keystone Logic Solutions Private Limited, as a going concern, on a slump sale basis
* Says deal for 1.32 billion rupees in cash
* Says co expects deal to close in first week of April 2017 Source text: bit.ly/2mS2Efo Further company coverage:
The logo of Amazon is seen at the company logistics center in Lauwin-Planque, northern France, February 20, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc's (AMZN.O) ventures far beyond online retail, from cloud computing to movie making, are raising questions among corporate strategy experts about its focus.
The Seattle-based company wowed Wall Street again this week with a 23 percent jump in sales, pushing its shares to an all-time high. But there are concerns that if blockbuster growth stops, investors may come to regard the company more like a conglomerate stock - worth less than the sum of its pieces.
"High growth covers a lot of sins," said Harry Kraemer, a partner at private equity firm Madison Dearborn Partners and a professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management.
"Picture yourself running the company where one minute we're talking about how we're going to operate air cargo, and the next minute we're going to talk about artificial intelligence," he said. "I don't think it's sustainable."
So far, analysts have balked at the idea of calling Amazon a conglomerate because its businesses, although varied, all relate in some way to retail. Warehouses, trucks and planes bring packages to shoppers' doorsteps. Amazon Web Services sells the very cloud-computing services to enterprises that were built to meet the technology needs of Amazon.com.
"It's not like General Electric Co (GE.N) having financial services and making aircraft engines," Baird Equity Research analyst Colin Sebastian said.
Some initiatives, though, such as a television studio in Hollywood, seem further afield. Amazon says the video foray has allowed it to stream unique programming to members of its Prime shopping club, thereby increasing sign-ups for a programme that encourages people to buy more goods, more often.
The financial success of the investment is difficult to assess. Revenue from Prime membership fees and other media subscriptions rose 49 percent in the first quarter to $1.9 billion, the company reported on Thursday. It does not disclose the costs of content for its Prime Video service, but they were estimated by an analyst to be more than $3 billion in 2016.
Amazon did not respond to a request for comment.
OUT OF FASHION
These days, conglomerates like GE are out of fashion in the corporate world. By a standard method of valuation - comparing a company's share price to its earnings per share - Amazon is worth about 10 times more than storied conglomerates Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRKa.N) and United Technologies Corp (UTX.N).
Investors discount conglomerate stocks partly because diverse businesses are tough to manage, and partly because they believe the market allots money across industries better than a company can.
Indeed, a 2012 report by McKinsey & Co consultants found that conglomerates' revenue on average grew by 6.3 percent per year from 2002 to 2010, while "focussed" companies grew by 9.2 percent.
Amazon has acknowledged its pursuits point in many directions, but stresses they are for the long-term, not for quick gains.
Chief Financial Officer Brian Olsavsky rattled off a lengthy list of investments from retail in India to drones and artificial intelligence on the company's earnings conference call on Thursday, in an attempt to explain why its operating profit margin had thinned in North America.
"I know I'm drifting a bit from North America, but it's all part of the same theme," he told analysts.
For now at least, Amazon is being treated as a special case in part from the halo effect around its billionaire founder Jeff Bezos, the second-richest person alive. Many view Bezos as an entrepreneurial genius; he's already extended his reach beyond Amazon to start a space exploration company and purchase the Washington Post.
"Bezos gets a longer leash to wander around than the typical CEO," said Erik Gordon, a professor at the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business. But he was not convinced it was entirely justified.
"You hesitate to bet on this being the singular team that can do something that history has shown - over and over again - is really hard to do," said Gordon.
Referring to Walt Disney Co's (DIS.N) CEO, he said: "Leave the movie making to Bob Iger."
(Reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Bill Rigby)
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
The last thing the ride-sharing company Uber wanted, as the company tries to defend itself against Waymo's accusations that it obtained trade secrets when it hired a former Waymo engineer, was a headline revealing that the engineer plans to assert his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination if he's called to testify in Waymo's case.
At a closed-door hearing Thursday in U.S. District Judge William Alsup of San Francisco's chambers, Uber lawyer Arturo Gonzalez of Morrison & Foerster told the judge Uber counsel had asked for a secret session “because of the adverse impact that we think it would have on our client if there's a headline tomorrow.”
That turned out to be exactly the wrong thing to say to Judge Alsup, who informed Gonzalez, as well as Waymo lawyers from Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan, that he would make the entire transcript of the closed-door hearing public. (My Reuters colleague, Dan Levine, obtained an early version of it.) Alsup also warned Uber and Waymo that he's not going to put up with requests for secrecy just to save them from headlines they'd rather not see.
“There's going to be a lot of adverse headlines in this case on both sides,” Judge Alsup said. That's what happens, he said, when companies go to court. “The public has a right to see what we do. And I feel that so strongly,” Alsup said. “The U.S. District Court is not a wholly owned subsidiary of Quinn Emanuel or Morrison & Foerster or these two big companies. We belong to the public.”
The headlines today did indeed reveal what happened at Thursday's hearing. Reuters reported that Judge Alsup said he may grant Waymo's motion for a preliminary injunction if the Uber engineer refuses to testify about why, according to Waymo, he took 14,000 confidential files with him when he left Waymo. The New York Times offered the very headline Uber's lawyers said they feared: “Uber Executive Invokes Fifth Amendment, Seeking to Avoid Potential Charges.”
As a result, if you are investor in Uber or in Waymo's parent, Alphabet, or if you're a local government official thinking about whether to allow Uber service in your town or if you're a customer of Uber or Google or even if you're just someone who's interested in this case, you now know that Uber is facing a serious strategic problem in its defense against Waymo's claims. You know Waymo has a decent shot at blocking Uber from using any purportedly stolen technology while the case is being litigated. You know that the engineer accused of bringing Waymo files to Uber, Anthony Levandowski, has hired his own lawyers and may not provide Uber the testimony it wants from him.
All of that is important information. And all of it, as Judge Alsup said, deserves to be public. Levandowski's prospective invocation of his Fifth Amendment rights is not secret technology or proprietary data. It's just something Uber didn't want you to know. For too many federal judges, that's reason enough to deprive you of access. But not for Judge Alsup, a true believer in the public's right to know what's happening in the courts their tax dollars pay for.
Uber took the brunt of the judge's criticism Thursday because it had requested the closed hearing. The judge was not at all happy that Uber and Levandowski chose to present a touchy issue - how to produce documents in response to a previous order from Judge Alsup without compromising Levandowski's Fifth Amendment rights – in a last-minute meeting in chambers, rather than through formal briefing.
“Trying to get special pleading because you represent somebody big and get an under-seal hearing so the public can't hear it - that's not going to work,” the judge said. “If you want to make a formal motion, you can make it.”
But Judge Alsup also called out Waymo, which, according to Uber, demanded broad redactions in an Uber motion to compel arbitration of Waymo's trade secrets and California unfair business practices claims. Uber has since filed an unredacted version of its arbitration brief, which disclosed that Waymo has been engaged since October in arbitration with Levandowski over the thousands of documents the engineer supposedly stole from Waymo.
Judge Alsup said that Waymo should have told him it was arbitrating with Levandowski. He also said the company should not have insisted its employment agreements with Levandowski be kept secret. “If we're going to be in a public proceeding, 99 percent of (it) - 90 percent anyway - has got to be public,” he said. “This employment agreement by Google, it's laughable that you want to keep that under wraps. Just laughable.” (Waymo lawyer Charles Verhoeven of Quinn Emanuel told the judge his firm had not asked for redaction of the agreement.)
The judge said at the hearing that he expects to decide next month whether to grant Uber's motion to compel arbitration of Waymo's trade secrets claims against the company, in advance of a May 4 hearing on Waymo's preliminary injunction motion.
If he agrees with Uber that arbitration provisions in Levandowski's old employment contracts with Google require arbitration of most of Waymo's case against Uber, all of Judge Alsup's exhortations about the public's right to know will be for naught. As the judge himself said at Thursday's hearing, arbitration is confidential.
I, for one, am I hoping Judge Alsup keeps that in mind when he decides where this case should be heard.
In the wake of the Harvey Weinstein story, chef and television personality Mario Batali offered up his views on how to combat sexual harassment in the workplace for an Oct. 30 video for Fast Company.
"You need a workplace free of fear, that harbours an excellent feeling of the potential for collaboration and creativity," he said. "And if you want to keep really talented people around, you need to create an environment for them that harbours excellence."
Weeks later, Batali has taken leave from his restaurants and cohosting duties on ABC's "The Chew" after the website Eater reported Monday that four women, all unnamed, have accused Batali of sexual harassment. In the wake of the allegations, the Food Network announced it is putting plans to relaunch his seminal show, "Molto Mario," next year on hold.
One woman described two instances where Batali made inappropriate and unwelcome physical contact with her, while the others alleged that Batali groped their breasts and buttocks at industry parties. Three of them worked for him, while the fourth has not but works in the industry. Batali has stepped away from operations of his empire of 26 restaurants worldwide, which he co-owns with restaurateur Joe Bastianich, though he remains an owner. He apologized in a statement to Eater, saying:
"I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behaviour described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behaviour was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family."
Batali is one of the most famous chefs in America, known for his red hair and affection for Orange Crocs. His first restaurant, Po, earned him a show, "Molto Mario," on the then-burgeoning Food Network. He went on to host other shows, including "Mario Eats Italy" and "Ciao America," and has appeared on numerous others, including "Iron Chef America." He has published 11 cookbooks, and has a charitable foundation in his own name. The James Beard Foundation named Batali as the nation's Outstanding Chef in 2005.
Batali's reaction to the allegations — a public apology, along with stepping away from public duties while he attempts to "regain trust" — is perhaps an indication that the TV personality and famed chef hopes he can weather the scandal.
But it's unclear if there will be more fallout for Batali. An ABC spokesperson issued a statement indicating the network would look into potential violations of its standards of conduct. "We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention," the statement read. "ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behaviour involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct."
The Food Network issued this statement: "Food Network takes matters like this very seriously and we are putting relaunch plans for 'Molto Mario' on hold."
It's not the first time that Batali's name has come up in conjunction with sexual harassment. News reports over the years show that his restaurants, like much of the rest of the industry, were a place where sexual comments and behaviour went unpunished.
Software can now analyse print/scan/copy streams to detect and automatically redact any sensitive data before it is released by the printing device. The solution can also add security stamps to documents and trigger email alerts to security teams.
Advanced Printing Security
Contact
Feroze Engineer
02074172000
***@xenith.co.uk Feroze Engineer02074172000
End
-- The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is set to replace the Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA) and will come into effect from the 25th May 2018. It is in many ways similar to its predecessor and regulates the processing and holding of personal data.But there are some major differences, which will have a very real impact on your business: The scope of data protected has increased to include data from your online footprint, economic information, and even 'Pseudonymised' data (for example, social media usernames or other online personas) - providing it can be easily identified.Second, you will need to demonstrate your compliance with GDPR. Third, breach notification procedures are required, and there are time limits to how quickly you need to alert the authorities if you do realise there is a breach.Last, but not the least, the penalties for being in breach have increased and they could be disastrous for your company - this could amount to as much as €20 million or 4% of global annual turnover (whichever is greater).- Protect sensitive information they may hold in digital format, and prevent access to it by unauthorised individuals or those who don't require it for legitimate business purposes.- Prevent sensitive data from being printed - period, either on purpose or inadvertently, by those who may or may not have access to it.- Detect possible breaches quickly and easily, in case they take place despite the best efforts.- Have documented processes in place to illustrate compliance and accountability for all of the above.Many companies already put in place network security to stop intruders accessing data and information and this is a great starting point.Unfortunately, network security alone doesn't prevent data being breached from the inside and doesn't protect in-house printing of sensitive data, or inadvertent sharing of sensitive data. So how do you stop this from happening?Everyone knows that modern multifunctional devices come with in-built security features like data encryption and image overwrite. Xerox devices even go so far as to include Cisco TrustSec to protect data paths, and McAfee whitelisting as standard on many devices.Rules, restrictions and rights in your file structure or Document Management Systems will help prevent unauthorised people from accessing your data. And Card-based printing goes a long way to help with transparency and accountability.But this alone is not enough to protect yourself under GDPR - one of the most common causes of data breaches is the inadvertent or accidental sharing of data, especially information printed on paper, which has been traditionally very difficult to prevent.Using an advanced solution, it's possible to automatically analyse print, scan and copy streams to detect and block any sensitive data before it is released by the printing device. It's even possible to redact sensitive data from the document being printed/copied/scanned - without affecting the master document, or without the need for any manual intervention.In addition, overlays like security stamps can be added as a rule when sensitive data is detected in a document, or alternative workflows can be triggered in order to send the document to a secure location for review before permission is granted to print it / copy it / release the scanned file.Going one step further, security alerts can be triggered so those in charge of compliance would be aware of what is being printed and who is trying to print it. This could also be used to automate your breach notification procedure (Eg: an email is triggered each time a print is prevented, or released with redacted data).This isn't something every print management application can do but with an advanced setup, you can ensure sensitive data isn't being printed, helping you to remain compliant with GDPR when it comes to printing processes.Whilst GDPR is still a year from enforcement, it's important to consider the business operations and processes that could cause an associated risk, including print. We don't advise leaving it until the last minute to optimise your printing processes for GDPR.
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
To access the newsletter, click on the link: here If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: here FACTORS TO WATCH 10:00 am: Bajaj Finance post-earnings analyst conference call in Mumbai 10:30 am: NITI Aayog Vice Chairman Rajiv Kumar, Oil Secretary K. D. Tripathi, Central Electricity Authority Chairperson R. K. Verma, Power Secretary A. K. Bhalla at India Energy Congress in New Delhi. 11:00 am: Cummins India post-earnings analyst conference call in Mumbai. 1:30 pm: Ashok Leyland post-earnings analyst conference call in Mumbai. 4:00 pm: Ceat post-earnings analyst conference call in Mumbai. 4:30 pm: Godrej Properties post-earnings analyst conference call in Mumbai. LIVECHAT - WEEKAHEAD Reuters EMEA markets editor Mike Dolan discusses the upcoming week's main market inflection points at 1630 IST. To join the conversation, click on the link: here INDIA TOP NEWS •India prioritises rural spending, healthcare in budget as election looms Eyeing an election next year, India's government announced massive spending for rural areas and projected economic growth above 8 percent in an annual budget on Thursday that won broad approval from economists, though bond and share markets fell. •Budget spurs inflation worries ahead of RBI policy India's federal budget could push up inflation and prompt the central bank to raise interest rates sooner, analysts said on Thursday, raising the probability of a scenario that could hurt the nascent economic recovery. •Budget to sting buyers of Apple's iPhones, Audi cars, other luxury brands India outlined a farmer-friendly budget on Thursday, but for its burgeoning middle class, who aspire to own luxury goods ranging from Ray-Bans to iPhones, and Zippos to Fitbits - imported goods are set to get a whole lot costlier. •India's April-Dec fiscal deficit touches 113.6 pct of full-year target India reported a fiscal deficit of 6.21 trillion rupees for April-December or 113.6 percent of the budgeted target for the current fiscal year that ends in March. •India vows to eliminate use of cryptocurrencies India will move to stamp out use of cryptocurrencies, which it considers illegal, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Thursday, launching a no-holds-barred attack on virtual currencies such as Bitcoin. •India's Ashok Leyland Q3 profit surges, beats estimates Ashok Leyland reported a near threefold rise in quarterly profit on Thursday, beating analysts' estimates, helped by higher export volumes and domestic sales of medium and heavy commercial vehicles. •Info Edge India to sell stake in food delivery firm Zomato to Alibaba's Ant Info Edge India said it will sell a stake in food delivery firm Zomato Media to Ant Financial, Alibaba Group Holding's payment affiliate, for $50 million. •India factory growth cools to 3-month low in Jan on weaker demand Indian factory growth cooled to a three-month low in January as weaker domestic demand dragged on output despite firms keeping price increases to a minimum, a business survey showed on Thursday. GLOBAL TOP NEWS •Amazon posts the largest profit in its history on sales, tax boost Amazon.com reported a profit near $2 billion, the largest in its history, as the online retailer drew millions of new customers to its Prime fast-shipping club for the holiday season and as changes to U.S. tax law added to its bottom line. •Strong iPhone prices, cash plans buoy Apple shares after muted outlook Stronger iPhone prices and hints by Apple that it could return more than half of its $285 billion in cash to shareholders eased concerns among investors, even as the world's biggest technology company gave a disappointing revenue outlook for the current quarter. •Alphabet's earnings miss profit estimates as spending grows Google parent Alphabet missed quarterly profit forecasts as steady ad sales growth was offset by increased spending to promote its consumer gadgets, YouTube video app and cloud computing services, the U.S. technology company said. LOCAL MARKETS OUTLOOK (As reported by NewsRise) •The SGX Nifty Futures were trading at 10,926.00, trading down 1.09 percent from its previous close. •The Indian rupee will likely open flat to weaker against the dollar, in line with most Asian peers, tracking a sell-off across most global shares that may spill over to the local equities. •Indian government bonds are likely to extend their fall as investors await a fresh supply of notes through a weekly auction. The yield on the 7.17 percent bond maturing in 2028 is likely to trade in a 7.57 percent -7.63 percent band till the auction result. GLOBAL MARKETS • Wall Street stocks gave up early gains on Thursday as bond yields rose and technology stocks retreated ahead of a host of high-profile earnings. • The euro neared multi-year peaks as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally. • The dollar nursed losses against a basket of currencies and was on track for a weekly fall as investors focused on renewed economic strength in the eurozone. • The U.S. Treasuries market started February on a sour note with the 10-year yield hitting a near four-year peak on Thursday as investors booked profits on curve-related bets ahead of Friday's jobs report. • U.S. oil rose for a third day after a survey showed strong compliance with output cuts by OPEC and others including Russia, offsetting concerns about surging U.S. production. • Gold prices inched down ahead of U.S. jobs data due later in the day as traders looked for guidance on the course of monetary policy for the remainder of the year. CLOSE FII INVESTMENTS EQUITIES DEBT PNDF spot 63.73/63.76 February 1 $171.80 mln $217.90 mln 10-yr bond yield 7.71 pct Month-to-date $2.04 bln $1.69 bln Year-to-date $2.04 bln $1.69 bln For additional data: India govt bond market volumes Stock market reports Non-deliverable forwards data Corporate debt stories [IN CORPD] Local market closing/intraday levels [IN SNAPSHOT] Monthly inflows [INFLOWS RTRS TABLE IN] ($1 = 63.9700 Indian rupees) (Compiled by Yoganand KN in Bengaluru)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Henan Xinye Textile Co Ltd:
* SAYS SHARE TRADE TO HALT FROM FEB 5 PENDING ANNOUNCEMENT RELATED TO ASSET ACQUISITION Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2E5VNaa Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
PRAIRIE VIEW, Texas — Gary Blackston scored 18 of his 29 points in the first half as Prairie View A&M dominated early to beat Texas Southern 96-82 on Saturday night.
Blackston and Zachary Hamilton each drained three 3-pointers early in the first half as part of a 33-15 start for the Panthers (9-15, 6-4 Southwestern Athletic Conference) that also included a 3 by Troy Thompson and two dunks by JD Wallace. They stretched it to 53-34 at intermission.
Prairie View led by double figures throughout the second half and a Blackston layup gave the Panthers their biggest lead, 90-67, with 3:20 to play. Texas Southern got as close as 94-80 in the final minute.
Hamilton finished with 26 points on 9 of 15 shooting for the Panthers. Wallace added 17 points and led with 13 rebounds and Thompson had 10 points, five rebounds and five assists.
THREE people, including a one-year old baby girl, died while 33 were injured when a pressurized steel water tank of the San Jose Del Monte City Water District exploded at dawn on Friday.
Advertisements
City Information Office chief Ronald Soriano said up to 20 households were destroyed and some were washed out by water that exploded from the tank at 3:30 in the morning.
The tank, at Kelsey Hills in Barangay Muzon, carried 2,000 cubic meters of water and catered to some villages.
Soriano said rescue and retrieval operations were immediately conducted by the city government and the Bulacan Risk Reduction Management Office.
The fatalities were identified as Jimmy Garcia, 50, a police aide; Elaine Chamson; and the one-year-old Jaina Espina.
The injured were brought to Kairos Hospital, Grace Hospital, Rogaciano Hospital and BMC Hospital, authorities said.
The water tank was made of galvanized steel and was built seven years ago.
Mayor Arthur Robes said the city government would provide assistance to the victims and said charges would be filed if water district officials were found negligent.
April 28 Hancock Holding Co-
* Whitney acquiring branches, certain assets and liabilities of First NBC Bank from the FDIC
* Hancock Holding co says Whitney Bank has acquired selected assets and liabilities of first nbc bank from federal deposit insurance corporation Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co said on Thursday it would license two of its drugs to Biogen Inc and Roche Holding AG for an upfront fee of $470 million.
Bristol will license its experimental neurodegenerative disorder drug, BMS-986168, to Biogen as a treatment for progressive supranuclear palsy, which is characterized by brain cell damage.
Biogen said the drug also had the potential for use in Alzheimer's disease.
BMS-986089, Bristol's rare muscle-wasting disease drug, will be licensed by Roche for use in duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Bristol, which will receive an upfront payment of $300 million from Biogen and $170 million from Roche, said it expects the deals to close in the second quarter.
The deals come amid activist investor pressure. The Wall Street Journal reported in February that billionaire investor Carl Icahn had taken a stake in Bristol and saw the company as a possible takeover target.
Bristol also added three directors to its board in February, a move supported by JANA Partners LLC, an activist investor building a stake in the company's stock.
The drugmaker has fallen behind Merck & Co Inc in the key field of immuno-oncology after its Opdivo drug failed to prolong survival in previously untreated patients with non-small cell lung cancer, the largest cancer market.
(Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
ALAMEDA, Calif. — Coach Jack Del Rio was still steamed a day after the Oakland Raiders fell flat in a division showdown at Kansas City that left their dwindling playoff hopes on life support.
He had good reason.
With first-place in the AFC West on the line, the Raiders took more than 51 minutes to score, didn't force a punt or turnover until midway through the third quarter and were completely outclassed in a 26-15 loss to the Chiefs on Sunday.
"As players and coaches, we are as frustrated and (angry) about what occurred yesterday as you can be, as anybody out there is," Del Rio said Monday. "Losing a game like that hurts. There are no words that I can say here today that are going to take away that pain or make those that care about the Raiders feel better. I'm really not going to try. We have to coach it better. We have to execute it better. We're tied together, players and coaches."
Now instead of being in control of the division, the Raiders (6-7) will likely need to win their final three games and get some help if they want to make it back to the playoffs for a second straight season. Oakland hosts Dallas on Sunday night before finishing the season with road games at Philadelphia and at the first-place Chargers.
Despite coming into the season as a contender to win the AFC, the Raiders have given little indication this season of being able to put it together for three straight strong performances down the stretch.
Since opening the year with wins over Tennessee and the New York Jets, Oakland has lost seven of 11 games and only posted back-to-back wins when the Raiders beat backup quarterbacks Paxton Lynch of Denver and Geno Smith of the Giants leading to a move into a tie for first place heading into the Chiefs game.
But with so much on the line, they showed little urgency on either side of the ball and fell behind 26-0 before a fruitless late rally made the final score a bit more respectable.
Former Raiders quarterback Rich Gannon, who called the game on CBS, called the performance "embarrassing" on the "NFL Monday QB" show on CBS Sports Network.
"I mean they didn't even get off of the bus," Gannon said. "That game was over at the half. It's beyond me how you could be unprepared for essentially what was a playoff game. They had the chance to be at the top of the division. They laid a big goose egg. Derek Carr was terrible. They didn't run the football. They weren't good on defence. The coaching was bad. It's inexcusable to me."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TORONTO — No winning ticket was sold for the $33 million jackpot in Friday night's Lotto Max draw.
That means the jackpot for next Friday's draw will grow to approximately $50 million, and there will also be two Maxmillions prizes of $1 million each up for grabs.
By The Canadian Press
(Corrects dateline to April 20 from April 19)
April 20 Information technology company Mindtree Ltd said consolidated net profit fell 27 percent in the fourth quarter hurt by a foreign exchange loss and fewer client additions.
The lower-than-expected profit came in at 972 million rupees ($15.04 million) for the three months ended March 31, marking the fourth consecutive quarterly profit decline. bit.ly/2opPMde
Analysts on average were expecting consolidated profit at 1.05 billion rupees, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Mindtree incurred a consolidated foreign exchange loss of 288 million rupees in the quarter, against a gain of 31 million rupees a year earlier. Clients added in the fourth quarter dropped 46 percent to 20. ($1 = 64.6450 Indian rupees) (Reporting By Samantha Kareen Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
May 2 Nanometrics Inc
* Nanometrics reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.21
* Sees q2 2017 revenue $64 million to $68 million
* Q1 adjusted non-gaap earnings per share $0.19
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.24 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly gaap revenues $59.3 million versus $47.5 million
* Q1 revenue view $59.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees q2 earnings in range of $0.28 to $0.34 per diluted share on both a gaap and non-gaap basis
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.34, revenue view $65.4 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DUBAI May 2 Kuwait's Zain Group and Saudi Telecom Co (STC) have both applied to become the third mobile operator in Oman as the country's regulator looks to award its first licence since 2004.
Zain announced on the Kuwait bourse on Tuesday that it had submitted an offer to bid for the licence. Rival STC had confirmed its application a day earlier.
The shortlist of qualified applications will be announced on Aug. 14, with the winning bid to be announced on Sept. 4, according to statements from the companies.
Oman's Telecommunications Regulatory Authority (TRA) said last year that it was inviting bids for what will be the first mobile network operator licence Oman has awarded since Ooredoo Oman, then branded Nawras in Oman, started operations in the country in 2004.
Oman Telecommunications (Omantel) and Ooredoo Oman each have a market share of about 41 percent, with virtual mobile network operators holding about 17 percent, the regulator says.
Like neighbouring Gulf Arab states, Oman has a significant young, tech-savvy population that is viewed as a significant driver of growth in the region's telecoms and IT services sector.
The sector is expected to be worth more than $700 million in Oman next year, up from $590 million in 2015, research company IDC says.
"Despite the economic woes and oil price fluctuation, the Omani telecoms market has witnessed relatively healthy growth," said Dubai-based IDC lead analyst Paul Black.
Oman, with a population of about 4.55 million, had a mobile penetration rate of 151 percent with 6.87 million users in the fourth quarter of 2016, the regulator says. The vast majority of users were pre-pay customers.
Zain operates in eight countries in the Middle East and Africa, while Saudi Arabia-based STC has subsidiaries and joint ventures in the Middle East and Asia.
Omantel, which has operated in the country since 1970, and Ooredoo Oman both reported declining first-quarter profit, citing higher royalty and tax rates. (Additional reporting by Hadeel Al Sayegh; Editing by David Goodman)
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! ( Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, sits in his car during a campaign visit in Bagneres de Bigorre, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! ( Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, talks with residents during a campaign visit in Bagneres de Bigorre, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! ( Onwards !) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, talks with residents during a campaign visit in Bagneres de Bigorre, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
PARIS French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron will push to give more power to European finance ministers to set bank capital rules to boost credit flow in the economy, his adviser, French European parliamentarian Sylvie Goulard said on Wednesday.
Goulard shed light on comments by Macron made earlier in March when he said he wanted bank and insurance capital rules set by European Union finance ministers rather than by regulators.
Such a move could run up against EU decisions to make the European Central Bank the main banking supervisor.
France, which is home to four out of 30 global systemically important banks, has been a vigorous critic of new global bank rules being hammered out by the Basel Committee of bank supervisors and opposed a big hike in banks' capital requirement.
"In the EU we set in common the basic rules/levels and then allow some flexibility to regulators/supervisors," Goulard said in an email to Reuters.
"It is not that strange to have regular assessment to see if the basic rules/levels are appropriate".
Macron, a former French economy minister who is frontrunner in the polls to win the election, has said that regulators were too focussed on reducing risk, discouraging banks and insurers from lending to the wider economy.
Giving more power to ministers would likely come at the expense of regulatory bodies who, Goulard said could "come to a point where they draft legislation" under the current setup.
With regulators requiring banks to hold higher levels of capital to offset their risks in order to avoid a repeat of the 2007-2009 financial crisis, Europe has been struggling to strike the right balance between strong capital requirements and the need to keep credit flowing to broader economy.
"A yearly assessment by Ecofin (EU finance ministers) could indeed make the ministers consider more the spill over of national decisions".
When European Union lawmakers adopt a set of global financial rules, such as those under discussion with the Basel Committee, the text is then voted in each EU state, usually with some changes to take into account particularities of banking systems.
"We need to move away from discussions where abstract, short term national interests prevail to a broader picture of the common interest, ensuring we all benefit from the single market," Goulard added.
(Story refiles to read systemically in paragraph 4.)
(Reporting by Maya Nikolaeva Editing by Jeremy Gaunt; Editing by Leigh Thomas)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
Chief Judge Diane Wood of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is a very wise woman.
As you've probably heard, Judge Wood wrote an historic opinion Tuesday night, holding that the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits workplace discrimination against gays and lesbians. The 7th Circuit overwhelmingly backed former adjunct professor Kimberly Hively's right to sue her former employer, Ivy Tech Community College, for violating federal anti-discrimination law. Eight 7th Circuit judges joined Wood's majority opinion, siding with Hively and her lawyers at Lambda Legal. Only three 7th Circuit judges dissented.
The 7th Circuit is the first court to rule en banc on whether federal law protects gay and lesbian employees. But it almost certainly won't be the last – and that's why Judge Wood's opinion is so shrewd. By grounding the opinion in U.S. Supreme Court precedent, insisting that the 7th Circuit is merely interpreting the statute Congress wrote and explaining why two different Lambda theories lead to the same conclusion, Judge Wood is giving the next court to look at this issue all kinds of justifications to go along with the 7th Circuit.
Ivy Tech has already announced that it will not seek Supreme Court review of the 7th Circuit's en banc decision. But the issue of whether Title VII of the Civil Rights Act prohibits workplace discrimination against gays and lesbians is still red hot in other federal circuits.
Lambda lawyer Gregory Nevins, who argued for Kimberly Hively at the 7th Circuit, told me Wednesday that Lambda is about to notify the 11th Circuit of the 7th Circuit's en banc holding. Lambda has asked the 11th Circuit to reconsider en banc a three-judge panel's ruling last month in Evans v. Georgia Regional Hospital that Title VII does not cover discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. (Nevins argued that case as well.)
There could also be an en banc request on the issue to the 2nd Circuit after its March 27 decision in Christiansen v. Omnicom Group. The 2nd Circuit panel said its binding precedent precludes a holding that Title VII protects gays and lesbians – but two members of the panel, including Chief Judge Robert Katzmann, said in a concurrence that it's time for the entire 2nd Circuit to reconsider its precedent. (The 2nd Circuit revived Christiansen's case on the theory that Omnicom engaged in impermissible gender stereotyping.)
Judge Wood's majority opinion at the 7th Circuit acknowledged to foment in other federal circuits and anticipated what is likely to be the issue's ultimate destination: “Notable in its absence from the debate over the proper interpretation of the scope of Title VII's ban on sex discrimination is the United States Supreme Court,” she wrote.
So let's look at how the judge girded the majority opinion for the poking and prodding it's going to get from other courts. Significantly, Judge Wood spelled out clearly what the 7th Circuit majority is not doing: judicially “amending” Title VII to add sexual orientation to the law's list of protected categories. “We must decide instead what it means to discriminate on the basis of sex, and in particular, whether actions taken on the basis of sexual orientation are a subset of actions taken on the basis of sex,” she wrote. “This is a pure question of statutory interpretation and thus well within the judiciary's competence.” (Her restrictive definition of the court's power contrasts with Judge Richard Posner's concurrence in the case.)
Judge Wood explained how the Supreme Court's own expanding view of sex discrimination informed the 7th Circuit's analysis. Of particular note, she said, were the justices' 1989 decision in Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins, which said employers may not discriminate against workers who don't conform to sex stereotypes, and 1998 ruling in Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore Services, which said same-sex harassment is illegal. “The goalposts have been moving over the years, as the Supreme Court has shed more light on the scope of the language that already is in the statute: no sex discrimination,” the judge wrote.
Lambda had suggested two alternative ways to look at whether discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation amounts to sex discrimination. One is what Judge Wood called the “tried-and-true comparative method in which we attempt to isolate the significance of the plaintiff's sex to the employer's decision.” The other is to look at the line of Supreme Court cases, beginning with 1967's Loving v. Virginia, striking down prohibitions on intimate relationships.
Judge Wood's opinion said either approach works. “Although the analysis differs somewhat, both avenues end up in the same place: sex discrimination,” she wrote.
The comparative method asks whether if Hively had been a man involved in a romantic relationship with a woman she would have experienced the same alleged discrimination by her former employer. Through that lens, the majority said, sexual orientation is the ultimate form of gender non-conformity. Hively's case, in other words, “is no different from the claims brought by women who were rejected for jobs in traditionally male workplaces, such as fire departments, construction, and policing. The employers in those cases were policing the boundaries of what jobs or behaviors they found acceptable for a woman (or in some cases, for a man),” the opinion said.
“Any discomfort, disapproval or job decision based on the fact that the complainant - woman or man - dresses differently, speaks differently, or dates or marries a same-sex partner, is a reaction purely and simply based on sex,” Judge Wood wrote, citing, in addition to Hopkins, long-ago Supreme Court cases that barred employers from treated men and women differently with respect to marriage and parenthood. “That means that it falls within Title VII's prohibition against sex discrimination.”
In the more subtle Loving analysis, the majority opinion substituted same-sex relationships for the interracial relationship in the Loving case. If a plaintiff in a same-sex relationship experiences discrimination he or she would not have been subjected to in a heterosexual relationship, the majority said, “this reveals that the discrimination rests on distinctions drawn according to sex.”
To back that conclusion, Judge Wood pointed to another cluster of Supreme Court cases, this line striking down state and federal laws targeting gays and lesbians for disparate treatment. That line culminates, of course, in 2015's Obergefell v. Hodges, which said same-sex couples have a constitutional right to marry.
Lambda's Nevins told me Judge Wood's multiple routes to the same conclusion will help his side going forward. “Each argument has its benefits,” he said. “Each will appeal to different judges in different ways.” The key holding from the 7th Circuit, in the majority opinion, Judge Posner's concurrence and a separate concurrence from Judge Joel Flaum, is that sex discrimination encompasses sexual orientation discrimination. “Just because there is another common phrase by which we call this discrimination doesn't mean it's the only one,” he said.
I asked Nevins if he's concerned that by the time this issue gets to the Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch will probably have taken Justice Antonin Scalia's seat. With a laugh, he pointed out that Justice Scalia wrote the Supreme Court opinion in Oncale, the case concluding that, as a matter of statutory interpretation, Title VII protects employees from same-sex harassment. “If it is true that the motivation behind Judge Gorsuch's nomination is that he is Scalia-like,” Nevins said, “then we will be A-OK.”
(Adds comment from defendants' lawyer)
By Jonathan Stempel
NEW YORK, April 12 More than 200 "black car" drivers who ferry bankers, lawyers and other executives around New York City are independent contractors and cannot pursue class action claims that they were deprived of wages, a federal appeals court ruled on Wednesday.
The drivers had sued to recoup unpaid overtime from Corporate Transportation Group and several franchisors operating roughly 700 cars in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
By a 3-0 vote, the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan said the drivers "were in business for themselves," reflecting their ability to set their own schedules, decide which rides to take, and work for multiple car services.
The drivers had argued that the defendants, which in some respects they likened to the ride-hailing service Uber, exerted "a great deal of control," including by charging them for the right to drive, negotiating rates, maintaining a dress code, and setting rules on vehicle maintenance.
But in Wednesday's decision, Circuit Judge Debra Ann Livingston said CTG "wielded virtually no influence over other essential components of the business, including when, where, in what capacity, and with what frequency plaintiffs would drive."
While other companies in similar cases might be deemed employers under federal labor law, in the CTG case "these plaintiffs were not employees of these defendants," she wrote.
A lawyer for the drivers did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Evan Spelfogel, a lawyer for CTG and the franchisors, said the decision provided a "roadmap" for companies to preserve independent contractor relationships with drivers, even where some factors weigh in favor of employee status.
Wednesday's decision upheld a September 2014 ruling by U.S. District Judge Jesse Furman in Manhattan.
The U.S. Department of Labor sided with the drivers in their appeal, while the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Black Car Assistance Corp trade group sided with CTG.
The case is Saleem et al v. Corporate Transportation Group Ltd et al, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 15-88. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler and Andrew Hay)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
April 20 Vatti Corp Ltd
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 50 percent to 70 percent, or to be 71.9 million yuan to 81.5 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 47.9 million yuan
* The reason for the forecast is increased sales income and business growth of units
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/CjSPuE
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
ESKISEHIR, Turkey — Iceland stayed on the path to becoming the smallest nation to qualify for the World Cup after beating Turkey 3-0 on Friday.
With Finland surprisingly holding Croatia to 1-1, and Ukraine taking three points from Kosovo after a 2-0 away win, the tightest group in European qualifying will have to be decided on Monday in the last round of matches.
Iceland tops Group I with 19 points, and Croatia and Ukraine are two points behind. Turkey is out of contention with 14 as well as Finland with 8.
Iceland is a clear favourite when it hosts Kosovo in its last qualifier, while Croatia has to travel to Ukraine for a tough encounter.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
BRUSSELS The Muslim and Jewish communities in Flanders have criticised a proposal by the Belgian region to ban the unstunned slaughter of small animals, which they say would contravene their rules for ritual killing.
Under the draft law, animals like Sheep and poultry will have to be stunned electrically before being killed, which most animal rights campaigners say is more humane than the Islamic halal and Jewish kosher rituals. Both require that butchers swiftly slaughter the animal by slitting its throat and draining the blood.
"Unstunned slaughter is outdated," Ben Weyts, regional minister of animal welfare, said in a statement. "In a civilised society, it is our damn duty to avoid animal suffering where possible."
The bill has broad support in the predominantly Catholic region, and the opposition from Flanders' religious minorities illustrates the difficulties facing some European countries as they struggle to integrate immigrant populations.
The issue could play with a wider audience, including right wing politicians and animal rights campaigners, who generally support the legislation.
As stunning larger animals is not possible without also fatally wounding them, the proposed law requires animals such as cattle be stunned immediately after their throats are cut if slaughtered in a ritual manner.
Belgium's Muslim community said its religious council has previously expressed its opposition to stunned slaughter and there had been no change in its stance since then.
"Muslims are worried about whether they can eat halal food ... in conformity with their religious rites and beliefs," the Belgian Muslim Executive said.
The Flemish Jewish community said it was studying the proposal and that stunned slaughter was not in line with Jewish religious laws.
While the proposed law would only apply to the Dutch-speaking region of Flanders in the north of Belgium, other Belgian regions are planning similar moves.
Countries including Denmark, Switzerland and New Zealand already prohibit unstunned slaughter.
(Reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek, additional reporting by Tom Heneghan; editing by Richard Lough)
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
About this series
Award-winning cartoonist Jeremy Banks (Banx) has been a professional freelance cartoonist since 1980.
His gags have entertained readers of the FT since 1989 and been published in other newspapers and magazines the world over.
He is also a writer and film-maker.
FILE PHOTO: Moon Jae-in, the presidential candidate of the Democratic Party of Korea speaks during a televised debate in Goyang, South Korea, April 25, 2017. Yonhap via REUTERS
A U.S. military vehicle which is a part of Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system arrives in Seongju, South Korea, April 26, 2017. Kim Jun-beom/Yonhap via REUTERS
SEOUL U.S. President Donald Trump's suggestion that South Korea could pay for an advanced U.S. missile defence system could test the strength of the alliance between Seoul and Washington at a time of rising tensions with North Korea, analysts said on Friday.
In an exclusive interview, Trump told Reuters on Thursday that he wants South Korea to pay for the $1 billion (£773 million) Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system.
Graphic on THAAD system: tmsnrt.rs/2nxSpbA
The remarks come as South Korea heads into a presidential election that will likely elect liberal front-runner Moon Jae-in, who has said the next administration in Seoul should have the final say on the deployment of THAAD. Moon's campaign office said the deployment of THAAD should be immediately suspended until then.
"This almost certainly will become another self-inflicted wound for the alliance and for U.S. foreign policy," said Daniel Pinkston, a Troy University professor and expert on North and South Korea based in Seoul.
Moon, who said in a book published in January that South Korea should learn to "say no to Americans", is leading polls by a wide margin ahead of South Korea's May 9 election to replace impeached former President Park Geun-hye, whose government agreed with Washington last year to deploy THAAD.
If elected, Moon would end nearly a decade of conservative rule in South Korea, which has regarded the alliance with the United States dating back to the 1950-53 Korean War as a cornerstone of its defence against the threat of North Korea.
'IMPOSSIBLE OPTION'
Moon advocates dialogue with North Korea and has criticised the conservative government and its hawkish stance for failing to stop Pyongyang's weapons development.
The Trump administration said on Wednesday it wanted to push North Korea into dismantling its nuclear and missile programmes through tougher international sanctions and diplomatic pressure -- but remained open to negotiations to bring that about.
Kim Ki-jung, a top foreign policy adviser to Moon, said the suggestion that South Korea pay for the system was an "impossible option".
"Even if we purchase THAAD, its main operation would be in the hands of the United States," said Kim. "So purchasing it would be an impossible option."South Korea has never considered buying the system, partly because the cost involved was deemed prohibitive. Some liberal politicians have argued South Korea should develop its own indigenous missile defence system.
THAAD's job is to intercept and destroy a ballistic missile in its final phase of flight. A battery comprises four parts: the truck-mounted launcher, eight anti-missile "interceptor" missiles, a radar system and a fire control system connecting it to U.S. military commanders.
Seoul said the decision to deploy THAAD was ultimately a military decision taken by the United States.
"He's using THAAD as a guinea pig to test the relationship," said Kim Dong-yub, a professor at Kyungnam University's Institute of Far Eastern Studies in Seoul.
"Trump seems to be testing South Korea's commitment to the Korea-U.S. alliance. I wonder if Trump's saying this because he already thinks Moon will win," Kim added.
In an interview with Reuters, Trump also said he will either renegotiate or terminate what he called a "horrible" free trade deal with South Korea.
'NEW DIMENSION'
A second top foreign policy adviser to Moon said Trump's comments about the cost of THAAD poses fundamental questions about where the alliance may be headed.
"This is a new dimension," said Chung Eui-yong, a former South Korean ambassador to Geneva who leads a team of foreign policy advisers for Moon.
"Our position has been that we should review THAAD even if we are not paying for it, but his comments on the cost have changed the fundamental aspect of this issue," Chung told Reuters.
"We will have to choose what is best for our national interests."
The U.S. military started deploying THAAD in early March, despite strong opposition from China, which says the system's radar can be used to spy into its territory. The deployment also sparked protests from residents in Seonjgu in the southeast, where the system is being deployed, and prompted a North Korean warning of retaliation.
China has imposed some restrictions on South Korean companies in China, which many in South Korea perceive as retaliation for deployment of the missile system.
Under the Status of Forces Agreement, which lays out conditions under which U.S. forces are stationed in Korea, the two countries should mutually agree if South Korea wants to take back the land which has been allocated to the U.S. military for the deployment of THAAD.
South Korea said on Wednesday major elements of the system have been moved into the site and it would be fully operational by the end of this year.
The top U.S. commander in the Pacific, Admiral Harry Harris, later said the system would be operational "in coming days." and suggested Beijing should focus on influencing North Korea rather than worrying about a purely defensive system.
(Editing by Soyoung Kim and Bill Tarrant)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
(Repeats April 12 column. John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are his own)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2p5snBy
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2p5hMGF
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2p5gGuC
By John Kemp
LONDON, April 12 Oil market rebalancing has been pushed back by a few months rather than pushed off course, if recent movements in crude futures prices are to be believed.
Brent futures prices for June delivery have risen in 10 of the last 11 trading sessions by a total of more than $5 per barrel.
Brent has now recovered all its previous losses after the sell that began on March 8 and continued through March 23 (tmsnrt.rs/2p5snBy).
In contrast to the recovery in flat prices, Brent calendar spreads have remained weak and showed no signs of strengthening.
The calendar spread between Brent for delivery in June and December 2017 has remained in an overall contango of 82 cents per barrel (tmsnrt.rs/2p5hMGF).
Brent spreads for the second half of 2017 have not tightened significantly and remain well below the peak set in February.
However, the overall spread weakness conceals very different performance for different months within the second half.
Spreads for June and July have continued to weaken while spreads later in the year have been strengthening in recent sessions (tmsnrt.rs/2p5gGuC).
ALL ABOUT TIMING
Calendar spreads have become the major battleground among traders about the timing of any draw down in crude stocks.
Hedge funds built record long positions in both flat prices and calendar spreads between December and February anticipating an early rebalancing and move into backwardation.
In the event, the positions proved premature, contributing to a sharp correction in spreads (from late February) and flat prices (from early March).
But believers in rebalancing mostly think that the movement to backwardation has been postponed rather than aborted.
Most traders still anticipate a draw down in crude stocks this year but now think it will be evident in late summer and autumn rather than spring.
The repositioning of tightness within the spreads is consistent with the evolving views of prominent hedge fund managers.
“I think the market will switch to backwardation, sustainable backwardation, by late summer,” fund manager Pierre Andurand said late last month.
Andurand has been one of the most prominent oil bulls, forecasting supply would fall short of demand (“One of the world's best-known oil traders is predicting prices to recover to $70 a barrel”, CNBC, March 31).
Goldman Sachs, one of the most influential banks in commodities, and another spread bull, has also counselled traders to be patient (“Patience is working, but reflation requires time”, April 12).
Goldman forecasts “a relatively steep level of backwardation later this year” driven by “expected inventory draws in the second quarter that we remain confident in”.
Goldman is restating a position it has articulated for some time (“Goldman takes on the Brent spreads”, Reuters, March 28).
The recent strengthening of both flat prices and spreads for later in the year indicates the view is a popular one.
FORWARD POSITIONING
Crude inventories in the United States have continued to rise since the start of the year, which has contributed to doubts about progress towards rebalancing.
But reported stocks in the United States and elsewhere in the OECD may be rising because previously hidden stockpiles are being moved to more visible locations.
OPEC's production cuts have started to drain crude stocks from floating storage as well as tank farms in the Caribbean and South Africa (“OPEC's war on oil overhang starts to bear fruit”, Reuters, April 11).
Producer stocks held by Saudi Arabia and Iran have drained into the market where they have become more visible (“Saudi Arabia tries to drain oil stocks while protecting customer relationships”, Reuters, March 23).
Crude stocks look like they are being moved forward along the supply chain closer to the major consumption centres ready to be delivered to refiners.
May 2 Hicl Infrastructure Company Ltd:
* Negotiated an increase in size of group's revolving credit facility from £300m to £400m
* Terms of enlarged facility remain same, with a margin of 1.70% over libor and expiry in May 2019
* Company has increased size of facility in light of pipeline of new opportunities which group is evaluating Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
John Cena recently spoke with ESPN and said WrestleMania 34 won't be a WrestleMania without The Undertaker, who Cena recently challenged to a match in New Orleans.
"At my core, I'm a fan," Cena said. "I'm a member of the WWE universe and I've thought about this a lot. I was emotionally moved when the streak was broken. Last year was an emotional performance. Then you get closer and closer to WrestleMania, and you realize it's not a WrestleMania without The Undertaker.
"You hold the ticket in your hand and you realize a portion of that ticket goes to hearing his music, seeing The Undertaker. That is WrestleMania. I know there will come a day where that changes -- I just don't think it's now. Whether it happens or not, it is officially out of my hands, and I think it's out of everyone else's hands except one person."
Cena seems confident that he and The Dead Man can put on a top notch match for the fans in New Orleans.
"If it does happen, I don't think anyone who buys a ticket to WrestleMania will walk away throwing the stub up in the air going, 'I wish he wouldn't have showed up,'" Cena said. "I hope he does. I hope he understands the impact that he has on the current WWE Universe. He is WrestleMania."
Source: ESPN
He said he was upset at the time and agrees he shouldn't have sworn at me.
But he figured it was a moment and then it was over, and couldn't understand why I was making a big deal about it.
He then said he wasn't comfortable talking about it at that time (in a restaurant) but I feel he's closed the door on continuing the conversation.
In therapy, I've been working on setting healthy boundaries, but I still tend to question myself and my own needs.
Was I right to be upset about him swearing at me, or am I really just over-sensitive?
A: This is no time to start doubting yourself about the need for respectful boundaries.
With teenagers at home, it's even more important that you both understand the negative message when their father swears at you — e.g. crudity's OK, the nastier person wins, etc.
However, therapy is a process and even as you grow and gain confidence, it doesn't mean the other person gets or appreciates it.
Pick your battles. You've made your point about the swearing.
If it happens again, walk away.
Through therapy, you'll find ways to assert yourself when you feel "manipulated" and/or "controlled."
In the past, your husband likely thought his behaviour was OK because you didn't react then. Now, your responses are different. They may unsettle him. It may even cause an impasse.
Of course, if he lashes out physically or becomes consistently abusive, you must draw the line, even if it means separating with the insistence that he get anger management therapy to return.
Meanwhile, discuss with your therapist his "belittling" of your children.
If it persists, it'll surely escalate tensions through their teenage years. And it can affect their responses to others throughout their youth and adult lives.
Talk to him without blame (to avoid anger). Say that you're aware that teenage boys need encouragement as much as rules.
They need to be part of the conversation when they try to stretch boundaries … given more responsibilities, yes, but also more independence as they show they can handle it.
Reader feedback
Feedback regarding the teenage daughter living with her mom and her third partner (Nov. 10):
Reader: "Regardless of the dramatic changes, she's 18, old enough to clean up after herself.
"Constantly" leaving dishes on the counter and other messes isn't acceptable.
"Finding a mess after an 18-hour workday is upsetting for this couple. The girl likely gets free room and board and does nothing to help out.
"Having house rules teaches children responsibility and respect for the home and parents. Disrespecting parents, by saying if they can leave a mess, she can too, is unacceptable."
Ellie: Sure she's old enough, and once she and her mother can address what's really the problem, the "rules" will be less contentious, especially if she's brought into the conversation.
Repeated upheavals through Mom's changing relationships are not "dramas" … they're a pattern that's made this teenager insecure, unsettled, and angry, too.
This mother and partner need to reassure the daughter of love and security.
www.ellieadvice.com
Chad Milner is about as nice a person as one could meet in harness racing, but he has contributed to a serious bout of depression in the game.
In the big scheme of things, the Campbellville trainer is a bit player training a small number of horses although one of them is trotting filly, Kadabra Queen. She is the reason why many trainers have a bit of a defeatist attitude these days.
With $215,000 earned to date, she is the best two-year-old in Ontario.
She also happens to be one of the smallest quality Standardbreds in recent memory. Because of her stature, Milner and her owners realized over a year ago that she would have commanded very little had she been sold at a yearling auction. Some have speculated that $10,000 would have been an exceptional price despite a market that saw the demand for Ontario sired horses reaching near record levels.
What has happened is that she has not only raced but absolutely clobbered all the high priced rivals. For those who shelled out big bucks in the pursuit of what they perceived as the best quality they could afford, it has been sobering to say the least.
In fact with only a handful of exceptions, Ontario-based trainers as a group have had miserable seasons. It is really quite extraordinary and the fallout may start to be noticed.
The Lexington Selected Yearling Sale in Kentucky is a touchstone in the harness racing industry. This is like the National Hockey League junior draft where untried athletes are being secured on potential with no guarantees they will ever make the big time. But it is a necessary evil for many owners and trainers who want to have that champion.
Traditionally, the trip to Lexington has been a ritual for Canadians but there are strong headwinds this year. As one trainer put it: "I just don't have the bullets because the year has turned out so badly. My owners do not have limitless amounts of money to spend so while I may buy some horses there, it will not be in the numbers of past years and certainly not for the same dollar amount as last year. I'll be scrounging trying to find value for money."
This one sale offers up 88 Ontario sired horses but after that comes the new London Selected Yearling Sale followed by The Black Book in Pennsylvania. There are a lot of Ontario sired horses that are to be sold and as always every horse will find a home but at what price. The general feeling is that there will be a marked decline in prices.
No one is holding anything against Milner for the success of Kadabra Queen. But watching the filly pound her far pricier rivals leads many to hang their heads in despair.
From Jordan, home to 650,000 refugees, only around 8,000 Syrians returned home in all of 2017, according to UNHCR figures. Most went soon after a local truce was reached in part of southern Syria in July, then the numbers tapered off later in the year. In Lebanon, the UNHCR said last month that the number of registered refugees dropped to below one million for the first time since 2014. Some had resettled in third countries or had died, but a few thousand returned home.
Not all are going back because they are ready.
One woman, Umm Wissam, told The Associated Press she returned to Syria in August after six years in Jordan. Her husband was deported several months earlier — one of around 2,300 deported by Jordan in 2017. He had been working in construction in Jordan and without his income, Umm Wissam and the couple's five children couldn't continue to live there. The family is from Aleppo, but the cost of living there has forced them to settle in the southern Syrian city of Daraa.
"The situation here, unfortunately, is no water, no electricity, no work. Our situation is very tiring, I swear to God," she wrote on WhatsApp.
Maarawi, meanwhile, is happy to be home. He sat behind a desk in his tire repair shop near Aleppo's main Saadallah al-Jabiri Square. The city is largely at peace now after government forces defeated rebels there in December 2016.
Like many others, Maarawi embarked on an epic journey to reach safety in Europe. He left Syria in January 2016. From Turkey, he took one of the crowded, inflatable smugglers' boats to the Greek island of Lesbos — an especially hazardous trip, because he doesn't know how to swim. He made his way across Macedonia, Serbia, Slovenia, Croatia and Austria, enduring long train rides and walks through forests.
In Germany, he began learning the language and training for work. The Germans provided food, clothes and a stipend, but, "in the town where I was staying there was no life, there were few people, you suffer psychological pressure, depression, and it is cold," he said.
He lasted just a few months, returning in July.
Adeeb Ayoub, a 13-year-old, took the sea trip to Greece with his uncle in 2015. "I felt that the possibility of surviving the sea is bigger than surviving in Aleppo," said his father, Firas Ayoub.
"Before, if you had given me Europe, America and all the continents of the world, I would not leave my country," said Firas, who owns a chocolate shop in central Aleppo. "The idea of leaving came when the war crushed everything. Can someone stay and live in a ball of fire? Wherever you go, it's fire, shells and rockets."
The hope was that after the son was settled in Europe, his parents and three siblings would be allowed to join him. But that never worked out, so after two years his parents told him to return. In September, the boy arrived at Damascus airport, welcomed by his weeping mother.
"It was an adventure," Adeeb said, sitting next to a diesel heater on a cold morning at his parents' apartment in western Aleppo.
In the German town of Reinheim, he went to school and was a midfielder on the local soccer team. Now Adeeb plays for Aleppo's Itihad soccer team, one of the top teams in Syria.
He says he wouldn't return to Europe if he had the chance.
"This is our country," he said. "If we go to another country, to Germany, the people there are not like us."
The Associated Press
INNISFIL, Ont. — Police say a man is out thousands of dollars after being scammed into thinking he was doing a favour for the CEO of his company.
South Simcoe police say the man received an email from someone claiming to be the CEO of the Innisfil, Ont., company, asking him to purchase a large number of iTunes gift cards to give out to clients.
Investigators say that while he was making the purchases at one store, a clerk asked if this was for Canada Revenue Agency, thinking the man was a victim of a common scam, in which victims are asked to pay a fake tax bill with iTunes cards.
After buying more gift cards at two other locations, the man became suspicious due to persistent texting from the suspect.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
MADISON, Wis. — Wisconsin freshman guard Kobe King is having season-ending surgery on his injured left knee.
The University of Wisconsin sports medicine staff said that surgery was taking place Monday. King is a promising freshman who appeared in each of the first 10 games this season, averaging 5.2 points. Wisconsin says he is eligible to apply for a medical redshirt.
Sophomore guard D'Mitrik Trice was also set for surgery on his injured right foot and won't begin rehab for at least two weeks. Trice is averaging 9.4 points and playing a team-high 31.5 minutes a game.
Wisconsin is 4-7 after an 82-63 loss to Marquette on Saturday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 15, 2016; Ponte Vedra Beach, FL, USA; Jonas Blixt chips onto the 2nd green during the final round of the 2016 Players Championship golf tournament at TPC Sawgrass - Stadium Course. Mandatory Credit: John David Mercer-USA TODAY Sports / Reuters Picture Supplied by Action Images
Apr 28, 2017; Avondale, LA, USA; Cameron Smith watches his shot from the rough on the 10th hole during the second round of the Zurich Classic of New Orleans golf tournament at TPC Louisiana. Mandatory Credit: Stephen Lew-USA TODAY Sports
The team of Australian Cameron Smith and Swede Jonas Blixt survived strong and gusty winds to open up a four-stroke lead after the third round at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans on Saturday.
Smith and Blixt combined for a stellar four-under-par 68 in the demanding foursomes (alternate shot) format.
Avoiding any bogeys, and the healthy population of alligators that live on the premises, they posted a 19-under 197 total at TPC Louisiana, with two teams -- Charlie Hoffman/Nick Watney (69) and Kevin Kisner/Scott Brown (67) equal second on 15 under with one round left.
Jordan Spieth and Ryan Palmer had some putting problems, though they were not the only ones, to fall five strokes off the pace.
Though Smith and Blixt come from opposite sides of the globe, they are both now based in north Florida and were brought together by the Swede's New Zealand caddie.
“I have a teammate I can trust. I know he's going to get up-and-down if I miss it,” Blixt said after watching his partner roll in a 20-foot birdie at the final hole.
“It's good to have a good mate by my side,” said Smith, returning the compliment.
Blixt is a two-time PGA Tour winner, while Smith, 23, is a former Australian Amateur champion who last November lost a playoff to Spieth at the Australian Open.
Spieth, perhaps the best putter in the world, was tormented by the gusting winds which contributed to him and Palmer missing several short ones.
“It's very difficult out here with these grainy greens when you get the wind going one way and the hill and the grain the other,” the two-times major champion explained.
“If the wind gusts... even on a six-footer, you're just trying to figure out where to hit it.
“You just have no idea what that putt's going to do. It's really a guessing game. I ran a few putts way too hard, almost trying to force them in, left my partner in a few tough spots.”
The final round will use the four-ball (best ball) format, which generally yields low scores because players can be aggressive.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Clare Fallon)
ESTEVAN, Sask. — An extra women's curling team has been added to the field for the Home Hardware Canada Cup in December.
Headlined by world champions Brad Gushue and Rachel Homan, as well as 2014 Olympic champion Jennifer Jones, the $140,000 event Dec. 5-9 in Estevan, Sask., will feature seven men's teams and eight women's teams.
They're invited based on ranking and there was a virtual three-way tie for two women's berths, according to Curling Canada's release Wednesday.
Edmonton's Laura Crocker, Calgary's Chelsea Carey, Casey Scheidegger of Lethbridge, Alta., Kerri Einarson of Gimli, Man., and Winnipeg's Darcy Robertson will be in the women's field.
* Dollar steadies after slide to 4-1/2 month lows
* Eyes still fixed on stock market sentiment
* Iron ore dip hurts Aussie
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Patrick Graham
LONDON, March 28 The dollar steadied on Tuesday after its worst week since U.S. President Donald Trump's election in November, promises of more rises in Federal Reserve interest rates this year helping it recover from multi-month lows in still shaky global markets.
A dip in iron ore prices as European markets began trading helped weaken higher-risk currencies including the Australian and Canadian dollars.
The index that measures the broader strength of their U.S. counterpart was trading almost half a percent above Monday's four-and-a-half month low but it was up just 0.1 percent on the day after a volatile Asian session.
The yen, which has gained 4 percent in nine days as faith in the Trump White House's ability to deliver tax reform and a promised public spending boost, was flat at 110.74 yen per dollar.
Analysts pointed to support from appearances by Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan and Chicago Fed chief Charles Evans as putting the emphasis back on the prospect of more rises in U.S. interest rates.
"Clearly we shouldn't forget we are going to see at least two more hikes by the Fed this year and that there is still the potential for the next one to be pulled forward to June," said CIBC strategist Jeremy Stretch.
"There is probably also a realisation that after the vote on Friday, it may well be the case that Trump's moving away from healthcare reform and towards fiscal issues may be constructive from a market perspective."
The Republicans' failure to pass a replacement for Obamacare was the trigger on Monday for a deepening of doubts about the Trump administration's ability to pass other legislation through Congress.
Masafumi Yamamoto, chief forex strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo said those concerns meant the bias remained towards more dollar weakness.
"But a one-way drop by the dollar is also unlikely as the Republicans cannot face midterm elections in November of next year without enacting a single fiscal stimulus step," he said.
The euro was down just 0.1 percent at $1.0854, after reaching $1.0906 in the previous session, its highest since Nov. 11.
The Aussie, battered by the weakening in global sentiment and a fall in the prices China pays for its iron ore, was down 0.3 percent.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Writing by Patrick Graham; editing by Richard Lough)
March 29 Oncolys BioPharma Inc :
* Says the company plans to enter into a capital alliance with University of Washington-originated bio firm Precision Virologics Inc which is engaged in R&D of vaccine for emerging infectious disease, in April
* Says co was granted to own right of veto regarding all projects of Precision Virologics in Asia area
* Co will use $500,000 to acquire shares issued by Precision Virologics, and will own about 14 percent stake in it after transaction
* Business expects to initiate since April
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/TPt2SS
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Argent Industrial Ltd:
* DISPOSAL OF PAINT BUSINESS
* ‍HAS ENTERED INTO AGREEMENTS TO DISPOSE PAINT BUSINESS
* SALE ‍TO FREECALL TRADING 7 PROPRIETARY LIMITED AND PROMAC PAINTS PROPRIETARY LIMITED FOR AN ESTIMATED CONSIDERATION OF R51 MILLION​
* ‍RATIONALE FOR TRANSACTION IS TO EXIT PAINT MANUFACTURING AND RETAIL INDUSTRIES​
* ‍PROCEEDS OF TRANSACTION WILL BE USED TO SETTLE EXISTING BANKING FACILITIES AND TO BUY BACK ARGENTS SHARES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 Summit Hotel Properties Inc-
* Summit Hotel Properties increases common dividend by 5% and declares first quarter 2017 dividends
* Summit Hotel Properties- declared, cash dividend for q1 2017, of $0.17 per share of common stock of company and per common unit of lp interest in summit hotel op, lp
* Summit Hotel Properties Inc - co's q1 common dividend represents increase of $0.0075 per share, or 4.6 percent, over prior quarter's common dividend Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 13 Innoviva Inc:
* Innoviva to undertake comprehensive review of its cost and executive compensation structures
* Says expect review to result in meaningful savings in our core operating costs that will benefit our financial performance
* Innoviva Inc- board expects to provide shareholders with detailed outcomes of review in Q3 of 2017
* Innoviva Inc says review will be conducted expeditiously and will be led by a special committee of independent directors
* Says as result of recent conversations with shareholders, board determined to undertake fresh, comprehensive review of all costs
* Innoviva Inc - urges shareholders to vote on white proxy card in favor of current board of directors Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
WASHINGTON — Just 24 per cent of Americans believe the country is heading in the right direction after a tumultuous stretch for President Donald Trump that included the threat of war with North Korea, stormy complaints about hurricane relief and Trump's equivocating about white supremacists. That's a 10-point drop since June, according to a poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
The decline in optimism about the nation's trajectory is particularly pronounced among Republicans. In June, 60 per cent of Republicans said the country was headed in the right direction; now it's just 44 per cent.
The broader picture for the president is grim, too. Nearly 70 per cent of Americans say Trump isn't level-headed, and majorities say he's not honest or a strong leader. More than 60 per cent disapprove of how he is handling race relations, foreign policy and immigration, among other issues.
Overall, 67 per cent of Americans disapprove of the job Trump is doing in office, including about one-third of Republicans.
Tracy Huelsman, a 40-year-old from Louisville, Kentucky, is among them. A self-described moderate Republican, Huelsman said she's particularly concerned about the "divisiveness" she feels the president promotes on social media.
"It's scary in 2017 that we are in what seems like a worse place in terms of division," said Huelsman, who did not vote for Trump in last year's election.
The assessments come after a turbulent summer for Trump that included a major White House shakeup, bringing the departure of his chief of staff, top strategist and press secretary. While the instalment of retired Marine Gen. John Kelly as chief of staff has ushered in more day-to-day order in the West Wing, the president has still stirred up numerous controversies, including when he blamed "both sides" for the clashes between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has also raised the spectre of a military conflict with North Korea over its nuclear provocations. He's derided North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un, as "rocket man," including during a speech at the United Nations, and has downplayed the prospects that diplomatic negotiations with Kim could yield results.
Despite his electoral success, Trump struggled as both a candidate and now as president to broaden his base of support beyond his ardent supporters. The loyalty of his core backers has been enough to keep Republican lawmakers largely in line, but party operatives are closely watching Trump's support among GOP and independent voters ahead of next year's midterm elections, when the balance of power in Congress will be at stake.
To be sure, lawmakers have their own problems to worry about. Americans have even less esteem for Congress than Trump, with just 18 per cent saying they approve of the job being done by the House and the Senate.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
March 31 Mosaic Co
* The Mosaic Company reports production outage at Esterhazy K2 mine
* Mosaic Co - company estimates a loss of production in range of 200,000 to 300,000 tonnes
* Mosaic Co - incident occurred in later part of Q1 and is not expected to materially impact Q1 potash results
* Mosaic Co - incident expected to negatively impact Q2 sales volumes
* Company expects the skip to be repaired and resume operations in next several days
* Announced an incident at its Esterhazy K2 potash mine involving a skip Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
William C. Dudley, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York speaks during a panel discussion at The Bank of England in London, Britain, March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Kirsty Wigglesworth/Pool
The Federal Reserve could begin shrinking its $4.5-trillion balance sheet as soon as this year, earlier than most economists expect, New York Fed President William Dudley said on Friday in the central bank's most definitive comments on the question that looms over financial markets.
"It wouldn't surprise me if some time later this year or some time in 2018, should the economy perform in line with our expectations, that we will start to gradually let the securities mature rather than reinvesting them," Dudley, among the most influential Fed policymakers, said on Bloomberg TV.
Economists polled by Reuters and by the Fed itself generally expect the U.S. central bank to begin shedding bonds from its portfolio some time next year, a move anticipated to depress bond prices. Dudley's hawkish-sounding comments pushed the dollar to a session low versus the Japanese yen on Friday.
The Fed amassed the record amount of mortgage and Treasury bonds in the wake of the 2007-2009 financial crisis in three rounds of "quantitative easing" meant to stimulate investment, hiring and economic growth. It is no longer buying additional bonds, but it is topping up the portfolio when assets mature.
The Fed's official plan is to begin letting the bonds naturally roll off - not sell them - once its interest rate hikes are "well underway". That is intended to shrink the portfolio to an unspecified lower level, though probably not to the pre-crisis level of around $900 billion.
Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester and John Williams of the San Francisco Fed have also backed shrinking the portfolio this year. But Dudley is a very close ally of Fed Chair Janet Yellen and a permanent voting member of the Fed's policy committee, and his New York Fed manages the bond portfolio for the central bank.
Dudley said the bond run-off would be "passive" and done "in the background," though he added that it could influence the pace with which the Fed continues to raise rates.
"If we start to normalize the balance sheet, that's a substitute for short-term rate hikes because it would also work in the direction of tightening financial conditions," he said. "If and when we decide to begin to normalize the balance sheet we might actually decide at the same time to take a little pause in terms of raising short-term interest rates."
The central bank hiked rates a notch in mid-March, its second tightening in three months, and plans to move about twice more this year according to its forecasts.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BANCO DE SABADELL SA:
* FY NET INTEREST INCOME 3.80 BILLION EUROS
* Q4 NET INTEREST INCOME 924.6 MILLION EUROS
* NON-PERFORMING LOANS RATIO 5.14 PERCENT AT END-DEC
* FY NET PROFIT 801.5 MILLION EUROS
* Q4 NET PROFIT 147.7 MILLION EUROS
* RETURN ON TANGIBLE EQUITY (ROTE) 7.27 PERCENT AT END-DEC
* COMMON EQUITY TIER 1 PHASE-IN 13.4 PERCENT AT END-DEC
* COMMON EQUITY TIER 1 RATIO FULLY-LOADED 12.8 PERCENT AT END-DEC
* TO PRESENT STRATEGIC PLAN FOR 2018-2020 ON FEB. 23 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
LISTED semiconductor manufacturer Cirtek Holdings Philippines Corp. expects its newly acquired business, Quintel Cayman Ltd., to contribute about half of the company's total revenues starting next year.
Advertisements
Cirtek Chief Finance Officer Anthony Buyawe told a news briefing on Thursday that for this year, Quintel is estimated to contribute 18 to 20 percent of total revenues, or about $20 to $25 million.
“Next year that will change. We do expect Quintel, as we grow the business, as it achieves scale, to be profitable. Once we're able to take up the full-year financials of Quintel, probably close to 50—almost 50 percent—that's our estimate,” he said.
Cirtek acquired Quintel in July this year for $77 million. The Laguna-based maker of base station antennas for wireless networks earlier said it expected Quintel to generate $128 million in revenues in 2018.
According to Buyawe, Cirtek plans to complement its business through the acquisition of potential firms that are “also in wireless technology, so that you end up offering a kind of suite of services to your customers.”
“There are other peripherals that come with base station antennas so we already have certain companies in mind that are interesting, and we will likely grow our presence and our product offering in the wireless communications side of the business,” Buyawe said.
Cirtek is expanding its business through an agreement with a Chinese firm to manufacture antennas in China. It also plans to expand its footprint to Central America, particularly in Puerto Rico and Mexico, among others.
May 2 Molina Healthcare Inc
* Molina expects to decide on 2018 marketplace pricing and product offerings in the coming weeks
* Molina says 2017 Obamacare marketplace business is doing better than it was in 2016
* Molina says all things considered, removing CEO, CFO was necessary and right thing to do for all constituencies of company Further company coverage: (Reporting By Caroline Humer)
May 3 Telecom Italia Chief Executive Flavio Cattaneo tells analysts in a post-results call:
* group will need to invest 600-650 million euro in spectrum license renewal
* does not expect any particular changes in Italian mobile market in next 6-9 months before Iliad's arrival
* without shops, it's impossible to increase number of customers or have the significant number of mobile clients in Italy
* network spin-off is not an option on the table Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
April 10 Kimberly-clark Corp:
* Kimberly-Clark to challenge verdict in MicroCool class action lawsuit
* Believes final outcome of the litigation will not result in any material financial exposure for company
* Will challenge verdict in a California class action lawsuit involving MicroCool surgical gowns sold by Halyard Health Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
BRIEF-Jiayuan International Group updates on contracted sales for Month of May
* For period from 1 May 2017 to 31 May 2017 contracted sales of group was approximately RMB699.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Civil servants prepare electoral documents for the upcoming second round of 2017 French presidential election as registered voters will receive an envelope containing the declarations of faith of each candidate, Emmanuel Macron (R) and Marine Le Pen along with the two ballot... REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
PARIS Centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron was found more convincing than far-rightist Marine Le Pen in a key televised debate on Wednesday ahead of this Sunday's decisive second round of France's presidential election, an opinion poll showed.
Some 63 percent of people surveyed by Elabe pollsters for BFM TV found the pro-EU former economy minister more convincing than the leader of the National Front.
Two thirds of the people who voted for far-leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon in the first round on April 23 found Macron more convincing, as did 58 percent of those who had backed conservative Francois Fillon.
(Reporting by Ingrid Melander; Editing by Michel Rose)
May 3 Loblaw Companies Ltd
* Loblaw companies ltd - qtrly revenue was $10,401 million, an increase of $20 million
* Loblaw reports 2017 first quarter results and announces a 3.8% increase to quarterly common share dividend(1)
* Q1 revenue c$10.4 billion versus i/b/e/s view c$10.39 billion
* Loblaw companies ltd - qtrly diluted net earnings per common share were $0.57
* Loblaw companies ltd - qtrly adjusted diluted net earnings per common share were $0.90
* Loblaw companies ltd - quarterly common share dividend to be increased by 3.8% from $0.26 per common share to $0.27 per common share
* Loblaw companies- in 2017, on a full-year comparative basis, expects to invest about $1.3 billion in capital expenditures, including $1.0 billion in retail segment
* Loblaw companies ltd - qtrly same-store sales were negatively impacted by timing of new year's day and easter
* Loblaw companies ltd - qtrly retail segment sales were $10,166 million, an increase of $12 million, or 0.1%, compared to q1 of 2016
* Loblaw companies ltd - qtrly food retail (loblaw) same-store sales decline was 2.1%, excluding gas bar
* Loblaw companies ltd - qtrly drug retail (shoppers drug mart) same-store sales growth was 0.9 percent
* Q1 earnings per share view c$0.87, revenue view c$10.39 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Idbi Bank Ltd
* Idbi bank clarifies on news item "idbi bank employees to go on strike on 12 april: aibea"
* Says conciliation proceedings regarding wage revision to take place on april 11 with deputy chief labour commissioner, mumbai central
* Idbi bank - only after the meeting will it be known whether employees are going on strike or not Source text: (bit.ly/2otiAW0) Further company coverage:
April 10 Asset management company First State Investments has hired Matt Philo to lead its newly launched high yield team as part of its plan to expand its global fixed income business.
Philo, who will be based in New York, will head a team of five investment professionals and collaborate with the company's fixed income teams across the United States, Asia and EMEA.
Previously Philo was executive managing director/head of high yield at MacKay Shields LLC, with responsibility for over $22 billion in group assets. (Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru)
Rocket Lab is targeting Thursday for another launch attempt after its Electron rocket lift-off was aborted today with two seconds to go.
The company said the vehicle ''performed a safe auto-sequence abort'' as sensors were not nominal.
The rocket that was near the end of its two-minute launch sequence from its pad on the Mahia Peninsula when it was halted. Its nine Rutherford engines were scheduled to ignite at two seconds from lift-off.
Rocket Lab said the weather was not good for a launch attempt tomorrow, so
it would target launching the rocket, named ''Still Testing,'' on Thursday. It would not be attempted before 2.30pm.
Advertisement
It had previously warned the launch could be halted at 0.1 seconds before lift off.
The launch was scrubbed yesterday because of the proximity of the International Space Station and deteriorating weather.
In May, the New Zealand-founded company's first test rocket made it to space but the mission was terminated before it reached orbit because of a communication glitch.
The rocket this week will carry two Earth-imaging Dove satellites for Planet and two Lemur-2 satellites from Spire for weather mapping and ship traffic tracking.
If needed, the company will launch a third test flight but it is keen to accelerate its transition into full commercial operations.
Rocket Lab is largely funded by United States companies and has its corporate headquarters in Los Angeles. It says it has an advantage over larger competitors because its smaller rockets can be launched more frequently from an area with very little air traffic. It is aiming for high frequency launches of small satellites.
In May then Economic Development Minister Simon Bridges said if fully developed the space industry could rival that of the wine or kiwifruit industries. Last year the kiwifruit sector was worth close to $2 billion and the wine industry $1.6b.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 9 England's Justin Rose and Spain's Sergio Garcia will go into a playoff to decide the U.S. Masters champion after they finished tied on nine under par at the end of the fourth round on Sunday. (Reporting by Ed Osmond; Editing by Frank Pingue)
MACAU Overseas visitors are an increasingly common sight in China's gambling territory of Macau which is trying to diversify an economic model that has depended on mainland high rollers for more than a decade.
The economy in the tiny former Portuguese colony, billed the Las Vegas of the East, has been pounded over the last two years by a drop in Chinese gamblers due to President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign and a slowing economy.
Now the government has hearkened calls to reposition Macau as a tourism destination, with the number of international visitors growing 8 percent last year from 2015, compared with those from greater China edging up only 0.1 percent.
Once a sleepy backwater, with its colonial-era hotels, waterside banyan trees, slightly sleazy night life and occasional gangland killings, Macau has tidied up and diversified its act since its return to China in 1999 with huge new resorts, music festivals and even an international fireworks display competition.
Gamblers from mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan account for more than 90 percent of total visitors, but a shift away from the tables is slowly emerging.
Foreigners stuck out through the crowds of mainlanders in shops skirting U.S. billionaire Sheldon Adelson's Venetian, owned by Sands China Ltd. Indian families tucked into naan and curry in the restaurant while tourists of other nationalities took photos against the backdrop of the facade of St Paul's, a Jesuit church that burnt down in 1835.
"We just want to see the old town. We are more interested in the tourist attractions," said Rachel Mumberson, 33, a teacher from Singapore. "We definitely didn't come here for gambling."
Hotel rooms are set to increase by 40 percent and two new mega resorts are due to open in the next two years at a time when revenues have started to rebound due to a return of VIP spenders.
"TOO MUCH RELIANCE ON MAINLAND"
While income generated from the big spenders is unlikely to be replaced anytime soon, per capita spending from non-Chinese has accelerated, with tourists from Singapore, Japan and Malaysia nearly matching those from mainland China, government statistics from the fourth quarter show.
"In the past decade, we relied too much on mainland tourists," said Agnes Lam, head of Macau Civic Power, an organization which focuses on political and social issues.
"I think the increase of foreign tourists is very important to Macau and will actually make the tourist industry here become more healthy,” said Lam, who is also an assistant professor at the University of Macau.
Both Macau and the former British colony of Hong Kong are designated "special administrative regions" and allowed certain freedoms not enjoyed on the Communist Party-ruled mainland.
As in Hong Kong, Macau's retailers and local businesses had geared themselves towards mainland tourists selling cosmetics, jewelry and even milk powder - after a health scare in China - forcing the closure of home-style stores and small businesses.
Industry experts have called for Macau to differentiate itself as rival casino hubs mushroom around Asia, from the Philippines and Singapore to Japan which recently legalized casino gambling.
Officials have responded by touting Macau's history, culture and Portuguese-influenced gastronomy rather than its casinos, with the tourism body targeting a range of high profile marketing campaigns.
"Macau is unknown in Europe," said Kurt Einstein, 68, visiting from Switzerland with his wife and a big fan of Macau Portuguese egg tarts. "Nobody knows about Macau."
(Additional reporting by Joyce Zhou and Katy Wong; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Cara Delevingne felt "strong and liberated" when she shaved her head.
The 25-year-old model-and-actress admits she has taken some "risks" with her appearance that could have impacted on her career, but she stands by her bold choices.
She said: "Some would say my tattoos are a risk but they all have such a special meaning to me.
"Also shaving my head, but I have never felt so strong and so liberated for doing something that seemed so scary."
The 'Paper Towns' actress loves taking risks and is constantly on the hunt for the next thing she can find to challenge herself.
She told Grazia magazine: "I think taking risks and pushing the envelope have been a huge part of my life so far.
"I don't like to stay in one place for too long.
"I'm constantly looking for the next challenge and to better myself.
"Keep asking questions, finding the truth, connecting with people in a deep way and trying to spread joy as much as possible."
And Cara - who was previously in a relationship with singer St. Vincent and has been romantically linked with the likes of Paris Jackson, Harry Styles and Michelle Rodriguez - always tries to "live in every moment" and never takes anything in her life for granted.
WASHINGTON, March 29 A Native American tribe in Montana filed a lawsuit against the Trump administration on Wednesday, challenging its decision to lift a moratorium on coal leases on public land without first consulting with tribal leaders.
The Northern Cheyenne Tribe, located in southern Montana, said the administration lifted the moratorium without hearing the tribe's concerns about the impact the coal-leasing program has on the tribe, its members and lands.
Earlier this month, the tribe sent a letter to Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, who signed the order lifting the moratorium on Tuesday, asking to meet with him to discuss the issue. Zinke did not respond to the letter.
"It is alarming and unacceptable for the United States, which has a solemn obligation as the Northern Cheyenne's trustee, to sign up for many decades of harmful coal mining near and around our homeland without first consulting with our Nation," Tribal Chairman Jace Killsback said.
Although coal leasing can resume on federal lands, Killsback said the tribe, which filed the lawsuit in U.S. District Court in Great Falls, Montana, will bear the brunt of the impact.
"The Northern Cheyenne rarely shares in the economic benefits to the region generated by coal industry and other energy development projects," he said.
Approximately 426 million tons of federal coal are located near the Northern Cheyenne Reservation at the Decker and Spring Creek mines in Montana, the tribe said.
Neighboring tribe, the Crow, rely on coal production to support their local economy and have called for the relaxation of coal regulations for years.
In a press call on Wednesday, Zinke said the new executive orders are a boon for the Crow people, who rely on coal as their predominant industry.
"A war on coal is a war on the Crow people," he said. He did not respond to a query about the Northern Cheyenne lawsuit.
In a separate lawsuit filed on Wednesday by environmental group Earthjustice, a coalition of conservation groups challenged the administration's moratorium decision, arguing that it imperils public health for the benefit of coal companies.
"No one voted to pollute our public lands, air or drinking water in the last election, yet the Trump administration is doing the bidding of powerful polluters as nearly its first order of business,” Earthjustice attorney Jenny Harbine said in a statement. (Reporting by Valerie Volcovici; Editing by Leslie Adler)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 BHP Billiton Ltd:
* Elliott Advisors - sends letter and presentation to directors of BHP Billiton outlining "shareholder value unlock plan"
* Elliott Advisors - Elliott Funds, with some affiliates, hold long economic interest in respect of about 4.1% of issued share capital of BHP Billiton
* Elliott Advisors - outlining three key steps including demerging and separately listing BHP's US petroleum business on NYSE
* Elliott Advisors - outlined plan that could enable management to provide BHP shareholders with an increase in value attributable to their shareholdings
* Elliott Advisors - outlined plan includes unifying BHP's dual-listed structure into single Australian-headquartered and Australian tax resident listed co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: A Volkswagen (VW) logo is seen on a car's front at a scrapyard in Fuerstenfeldbruck, Germany, May 21, 2016. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle/File Photo
BERLIN Volkswagen's (VOWG_p.DE) second-quarter group operating profit may be similar to the 4.37 billion euros ($4.77 billion) achieved in the first three months of the year, finance chief Frank Witter said.
Asked during an earnings call on Wednesday whether Volkswagen (VW) may be able to report a higher underlying profit (EBIT) in the April-to-June period as has often happened in past years, Witter said VW was rather bracing for second-quarter EBIT to be similar to the first-quarter result, citing risks such as Brexit and volatile world markets.
Separately, Witter said VW had so far seen cash outflows worth 8 billion euros to pay for fines, vehicle buybacks and repairs related to its diesel emissions scandal.
VW is bracing for outflows in the "double-digit billion-euro range" this year, it said earlier on Wednesday.
The carmaker still expects that the 22.6 billion euros it has set aside will cover all dieselgate costs.
Europe's biggest automaker is in the midst of reviewing its portfolio of assets and brands but will not comment on rumors of sales such as motorcycle maker Ducati, the CFO said.
(Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
April 13 Stingray Digital Group Inc -
* Stingray and Foxtel extend long-term distribution agreement
* Exclusive distribution agreement renewed for an additional five years and three months
* Under deal terms, co to continue providing Foxtel with audio music channels on television in addition to new digital music services Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
HONG KONG (AP) — The weekend launch of a U.S. futures contract for bitcoin reflects widespread acceptance of the virtual currency, especially among investors in Asia, though regulators are wary.
Japan and South Korea are among the world's top five markets for bitcoin trading, according to sites that track trading volume by currency. Here's a glance at the digital currency's rise in some of the region's major markets:
___
JAPAN:
Advertisement
Japan was home to one of the earliest bitcoin communities, but it was started by expatriate residents and kept a low profile. Until a few years ago, bitcoin and other virtual currencies were left alone by regulators.
Following the failure of a bitcoin exchange called Mt. Gox, new laws were enacted to regulate bitcoin and other virtual currencies. Japan is the only major advanced economy with a licensing regime for digital currency intermediaries such as exchanges and payment providers.
That has helped make Japan the world's biggest market for speculative virtual currency trading, said Thomas Glucksmann, Hong Kong-based head of marketing for Gatecoin, a virtual currency exchange.
"There was very little interest back than at all and now it's a complete 360," said Glucksmann. "It's the biggest market, everybody's talking about it."
Big Japanese banks have gotten involved, investing in bitcoin exchanges or letting them open bank accounts while developing their own related services. Some retailers accept payment in bitcoin.
Many Japanese are familiar with currency trading since Japan is the world's biggest retail foreign exchange market.
"You have people like hairdressers and housewives, people like that investing in crypto, in addition to the bigger players in Japan," said Glucksmann, who used to work at a bitcoin exchange in Japan. "So the regulations have helped to fuel a lot of the legitimacy in the Japanese market."
___
SOUTH KOREA:
About a year and half ago, South Korea emerged as a very large market for speculative trading activities thanks to investors' high risk appetite and fears of missing out.
Now, just as the government prepares to regulate virtual currencies, big financial institutions are starting to get in on the action. Shinhan Bank is planning to offer virtual currency services like a bitcoin wallet,
Worried over risks of speculative trading, in September South Korea banned initial coin offerings, or raising money through bitcoin or other virtual currencies.
Senior officials at South Korea's financial watchdog have compared speculative trading in bitcoin to a "Ponzi scheme" and say they are mulling a ban.
"We will not let financial institutions handle transactions related to virtual currencies," said Kim Yongbeom, vice chairman at Financial Services Commission, according to a media pool report Monday. "The price of virtual currencies rises because of the expectation that the next person will buy it at the desired price and this is quite like a Ponzi scheme."
Chairman Choi Jong-gu said one option is a total ban on virtual currencies, which would require revising existing legislation or enacting new laws.
Still, bitcoin sells for a 20-30 percent premium in South Korean compared to other places, and this has spurred offshore trading to take advantage of arbitrage opportunities as South Koreans buy bitcoin overseas and sell them back home.
___
CHINA:
For a brief time, China dominated bitcoin trading, at one point reportedly accounting for as much as 90 percent of volume. That dried up after Beijing tightened controls.
The lively bitcoin market had been set up by bitcoin miners, who had set up data centers taking advantage of China's cheap electricity and hardware to handle the intensive computing processes needed to "mine" new bitcoin.
China started cracked down on such activities last year just as the price of bitcoin began to surge. In September, regulators ordered all exchanges to shut down, banning initial coin offerings.
China's bitcoin exchanges have since migrated overseas or shifted to over-the-counter trading where exchanges match buyers and sellers who then connect through chat apps like Telegram. Payment is made in cash or through bank transfers and the exchange collects a fee.
Some mainland China exchanges have refocused their efforts on their Hong Kong operations, said Leo Weese, president of the Bitcoin Association of Hong Kong. He estimates there are about 10,000 bitcoin users in the Asian financial hub, including 1,000-2,000 active investors who have significant holdings or work for bitcoin related companies.
Weese estimates that bitcoin prices are 5-8 percent higher in mainland China than Hong Kong. Speculators who can get around China's strict capital controls to profit from the price difference are driving some trading activity in the city, Weese said.
"For them it's a way to make money," he said. "They can buy the bitcoin in Hong Kong cheaply and they can sell them at a premium in China."
___
SOUTHEAST ASIA:
Bitcoin's rising popularity in Indonesia has alarmed the country's central bank, which said last week it would ban it as a payment method next year.
Bank Indonesia spokesman Agusman Zainal said more a "assertive rule" on virtual currencies is planned.
He said the bank is concerned bitcoin might be used for fraud or other illegal activities like terrorism, money laundering, prostitution, drug trafficking.
"In the context of the payment system, bitcoin is not a valid means of payment," Zainal said. "The reason for prohibiting is in order to implement prudential principles, safeguard business competition, risk control and consumer protection."
____
AP Writers Niniek Karmini in Jakarta and Youkyung Lee in Seoul contributed to this report.
ROME, March 31 Trade disputes between the United States and Europe would hurt economic growth and global governance at a time when the West needs to show a unified front against unfair trade practices, Italy's industry minister said on Friday.
"Any trade clash between the United States and Europe would be dangerous not only for our economies, but also for the rules that govern globalisation," Industry Minister Carlo Calenda told reporters in Rome.
Calenda said Western countries should refrain from trade disputes "that would symbolically show a division at a moment when the Western world should be unified in protecting its citizens from unfair trade practices". (Reporting by Antonella Cinelli, writing by Steve Scherer)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Russia eyes controlling soldiers' online accounts to boost secrecy
MOSCOW, June 14 The Russian Defence Ministry has drawn up a draft law allowing it to ban soldiers from posting certain personal data on social networks, something that reporters and researchers have used in the past to monitor Russia's activities in Syria and Ukraine.
(Adds CFO comments)
By Jack Stubbs
MOSCOW, April 20 Severstal, one of Russia's biggest steelmakers, said on Thursday its core earnings more than doubled in the first quarter as it benefited from a rebound in metals prices, although the result lagged market expectations.
Earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) totalled $578 million, up from $273 million in the first quarter of last year, but below a Reuters poll forecast of $591 million.
Chief Executive Alexander Shevelev said Russian steel demand was likely to increase by 1.5-2 percent this year due to the improving domestic economy.
Russian steelmakers such as Severstal and market leader NLMK struggled over the last two years as world steel prices plumbed 11-year lows and Russia's economic crisis sapped domestic demand, but their prospects have improved as metals prices picked up. They are seen brightening further this year as the Russian economy is expected to return to growth.
"Severstal entered into 2017 delivering a robust financial performance supported by high raw material and steel prices," Shevelev said in a statement. "Overall, we expect 2017 to be a better year for the steel industry globally."
Severstal, controlled by billionaire Alexei Mordashov, reported revenues of $1.77 billion for the first quarter, up 61 percent year-on-year.
Net profit totalled $359 million, up 33 percent from the same period last year, the company said, but including a forex gain of $19 million.
"Adjusting for this non-cash item, Severstal would have posted an underlying net profit of $340 million," it said in the statement.
Severstal's crude steel production fell 2 percent quarter-on-quarter in the first three months of the year to 2.86 million tonnes, due to planned maintenance at its major Cherepovets Steel Mill in northwest Russia.
The company's overall output could fall by 1-2 percent in 2017, from last year's 11.6 million tonnes, due to further planned maintenance, Chief Financial Officer Alexei Kulichenko told Reuters last week.
Speaking on a conference call with investors on Thursday, Kulichenko said steel prices on the Russian domestic market would come under increased pressure from falling global prices later in the year.
"I don't think that the current level of pricing is sustainable, so we expect a moderate decline in prices in the second half of the year," he said.
Severstal said on Wednesday its board had recommended a dividend payment of 24.44 roubles ($0.4323) per share for the first quarter.
"Results are weaker than expected and huge dividends ($350 million, 3 percent yield) does not look nice in this situation," BCS analysts said in a note. (Reporting by Jack Stubbs; Editing by Susan Fenton, Greg Mahlich)
Scott came out as gay after the 2014 season. The next spring training, Reds outfielder Marlon Byrd gave Scott a big hug while trotting to the dugout.
"You're free, brother. I'm so proud of you," Byrd told him.
Says Scott: "I did feel free. I am who I am."
Scott's decision will resonate, said Billy Bean, Major League Baseball's vice-president for social responsibility and inclusion. Bean came out as gay after his big league career ended in 1995.
"He has achieved everything in his umpiring career, and has carried himself with integrity and garnered the respect of his peers and MLB players," Bean said. "I am filled with pride as I reflect on all of his accomplishments. He's a pro's pro, who's been a wonderful example to the LGBT community and all sports fans."
"Years ago, Dale reached out to me after my personal story went public," he said. "If we had been able to have that conversation when I was still playing, I know it would have changed the course of my career. Dale's legacy will undoubtedly continue to inspire others to pursue their dreams, and I hope we see the results around MLB soon."
Scott worked 3,897 regular-season games and was a crew chief for 16 seasons, half his career.
"I was fortunate enough to have Dale as my crew chief for 10-plus years. A gifted umpire and true professional, he ran the crew with a smile as he mentored many of today's most successful umpires," fellow ump Dan Iassogna said.
"The courage that he showed in coming out while still working on the field is as much of an accomplishment as his many World Series and post-season assignments," he added.
Scott acknowledged his decision to retire might have been more difficult if his circumstances were different — say, he was 40 and hadn't worked the World Series.
Now, he walks away with his health intact. And if there were any doubts, he keeps the video of that last violent concussion on his cellphone.
MLB provides long-term disability for umpires who cannot work because of concussion effects, the same as it does for other permanent injuries.
Scott wonders about umpires who are cleared as part of the concussion protocol and then face the choice of continuing to work and risk further injury, or leaving the game.
"That needs to be addressed," he said. "Maybe my situation can be a catalyst for that."
His future will include rooting like crazy for the Oregon Ducks and, having been a Top 40 AM radio DJ in high school, perhaps some voice work.
Scott also can look back on all the games he did: Among them, he was the plate umpire for Scott Erickson's no-hitter, he worked a season-opening series in Australia, and was the last umpire to eject hot-tempered manager Billy Martin.
And there was that game at old County Stadium in 1986, when a big crowd turned out to welcome the hugely popular Gorman Thomas back to the Milwaukee Brewers.
The first time Thomas batted, Scott called strike three. The fading slugger went 0 for 4 and when he got rung up in his last at-bat, it was more than Thomas could take.
"It's my night," he pleaded with the rookie ump, "not yours!"
By Ben Walker, The Associated Press
A trader at ETX Trading speaks on the telephone at their offices in London. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
LONDON British fund managers cut their equity holdings and raised cash levels to four-month highs in March, a monthly Reuters poll showed on Friday, with some citing political risk including concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump's ability to deliver.
The survey of 14 UK-based wealth managers and chief investment officers was conducted from March 16 to March 28, a period in which Trump failed to get a healthcare bill passed, raising questions about whether he can push through tax cuts and boost spending.
The S&P 500 fell to a six-week low in the wake of Trump's failure, with so-called "Trumpflation" trades coming under heavy selling pressure.
"It might be that "Trumponomics" is beginning to lose its effect as the president has talked the talk but as yet has failed to walk the walk," wealth manager Investment Quorum's chief investment officer, Peter Lowman, said.
"Clearly, what we now need to see is an implementation programme on those economic stimuli such as tax cuts, deregulation and infrastructure spending."
Investors have grown increasingly nervous that the rally in global equity markets has run too far, too fast.
"Valuations across a number of asset classes and sub-asset classes are no longer cheap," Kleinwort Hambros chief investment officer, Mouhammed Choukeir, said. He noted a number of causes for concern, such as populist political pressures.
The poll showed that British funds cut overall equity allocations to 46 percent, the lowest level since December, and down from 47.4 percent in February.
Cash levels rose by 2.3 percentage points to 8.2 percent, the highest since November 2016, and bond allocations fell almost one percentage point on the month to 29.4 percent.
Royal London Asset Management's (RLAM's) Head of Multi-Asset, Trevor Greetham, said he remains overweight equities but had taken some profits.
"Stock markets tend to get more volatile in the summer months so we have been reducing our overweight positions somewhat to give us dry powder to buy inevitable dips in the market," Greetham said.
Within investors' equity portfolios, UK stock allocations fell by 2.3 percentage points to 22.1 percent, a 19-month low, as worries resurfaced over Brexit and a potential second Scottish referendum on independence.
Although managers said it was too difficult to assess the impact of Brexit, any potential break up of the United Kingdom was likely to create a wave of uncertainty and another large leg down in sterling, Greetham said.
"It is hard to see the positives from Scottish secession for UK asset markets," said a Henderson Global Investors multi-asset team analyst, Ryan Boothroyd. "The one exception might be gilts, where the move would likely delay any monetary tightening from the Bank of England."
Emerging market equities remained in favour, with allocations at 20.8 percent, up from 18.6 percent in February.
MSCI's emerging markets (EM) stocks index rose 3.5 percent in March and is up 12.5 percent year-to-date.
The U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates 25 basis points in March as expected, but Fed chair Janet Yellen's comments on a gradual rate hike trajectory were seen as dovish, prompting the dollar to fall sharply after the meeting.
"A more benign Fed creates a window of opportunity for EM to outperform, especially if the nominal growth surge continues," said RLAM's Greetham, who has moved emerging markets to a modest overweight position.
(Editing by Louise Ireland)
(Reuters) - Kuwaiti authorities on Saturday were working on containing and cleaning up a crude oil spill in the country's southern waters in the Gulf, Kuwait Petroleum Corporation (KPC) said in a statement.
KPC did not give the magnitude of the spill nor its cause but said different services were investigating the incident.
"Emergency oil teams are still working to put an oil spill near Kuwait's southern Ras al-Zour area under control," the statement said, citing Seikh Talal al-Khaled al-Sabah, Kuwait's oil sector spokesman.
"Nearby beaches will be cleaned once power and water plants are secured and the oil spill is put under full control," it added.
Ras al-Zour is where Kuwait National Petroleum Company (KNPC) is building the Middle East's largest oil refinery with a capacity of 615,000 per day and $11.5 billion worth of contracts.
On Friday, Kuwait's Environment Public Authority (EPA) said it was taking all appropriate measures in order to protect water outlets from the oil spill.
Drax says may convert coal units to run on gas
LONDON, June 15 British power producer Drax is assessing whether to convert its remaining coal-fired power units to run on gas instead so they can compete in the country's annual capacity auction, the company said on Thursday.
A Mansfield man “had a lot on his mind” when he deliberately ran into a petrol station window and shattered it with his head, a court heard.
Daniel Britton got into an argument with a member of staff in the kiosk of the Jet service station, in Rainworth, on July 29.
“He said words to the effect “If you don't do what I want I will smash the window,”” said prosecutor Leanne Townshend.
“He took a few steps back and ran at the window, hitting it with his head and causing it to shatter. Damage was estimated at £500,” she said.
“In interview he told police he couldn't really remember what had happened because he had too much to drink.”
Britton, 31, of Stacey Road, admitted causing criminal damage when he appeared before magistrates in Mansfield, on Monday.
Britton, an HGV driver, who was not represented, told the court: “It was just a stupid mistake. There was a lot on my mind. I was trying to forget my problems.”
He was fined £150 and was ordered to pay £500 compensation, with £85 court costs.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Britain's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON, June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that he said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power, the Daily Mirror reported.
BRIEF-Cryosite says Mark Byrne has been appointed interim CEO
* Agreed with Andrew Shine (CEO), that his notice period will now be effective 30th June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NASHVILLE — Once Nashville got going, the struggling New York Rangers tried to stay close. However, the Predators just pulled away.
The Predators scored twice in the second period and three times in the third to beat the Rangers 5-2 Saturday night.
New York narrowed the deficit to one twice in the final two periods, but Nashville retaliated quickly both times.
"Really big to answer like that," Predators coach Peter Laviolette said. "I don't like the fact that we took three penalties in the third period. Right away, we had to play in the defensive zone and (they) were taking shots."
Nashville's Kevin Fiala scored twice and Pekka Rinne made 20 saves. P.K. Subban, Colton Sissons and Viktor Arvidsson also scored for the Predators, who improved to 8-1-1 in the last 10 games.
"We played fast and we played with energy and played a pretty smart game when we weren't turning over a lot of pucks," Sissons said.
Rinne has allowed only two goals in his last three games, including shutouts in his previous two outings. He extended the Predators' second-longest shutout streak in franchise history to 171:47 before finally allowing a goal early in the third period
J.T. Miller and Mika Zibanjejad scored for New York, which had just eight shots on goal through two periods, and Henrik Lundqvist finished with 22 saves. The Rangers lost for the fifth time in six games.
"We're losing too much and guys are out, but there's only one way to turn around," Lundqvist said. "You've got to work on yourself and work really hard and not look for excuses. There's no question it's tough for us here."
Nashville struck first when Subban fired a one-timer from the far side of the right faceoff circle past Lundqvist 19 seconds into the second period. The All-Star defenceman has 11 points in the last 10 games.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
April 10 AmRest Holdings SE:
* Said on Friday that as a result of the issue of Schuldscheindarlehen debt instrument (SSD) the company incurred liabilities for the total value of 26 million euros ($27.52 million)
* The proceeds will be used for the development of the company and refinancing of its debt
* The SSD interest rate is fixed, the maturity date is April 7, 2022, for the issue of EUR 17 million and April 5, 2024, for the issue of EUR 9 million
* Erste Group Bank AG was the lead arranger and paying agent; CaixaBank SA acted as co-lead arranger Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9447 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
* Q1 profit down from record Q4, strong domestic currency hurts
* TSMC sees continued strength in Taiwan dollar in Q2
* TSMC not participating in talks to buy Toshiba's chip business (Adds further comments)
By J.R. Wu and Jess Macy Yu
TAIPEI, April 13 Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co, the world's largest contract chipmaker and a major supplier to Apple Inc, said its quarterly profits were hit by a strong local currency and cautioned it expected this trend to continue.
Taiwan's exporters have been hurt by the strong currency, which is the third best performing currency in Asia so far this year, just behind the South Korean won and the Indian rupee.
TSMC expects the Taiwan dollar to appreciate by 2.1 percent in the second quarter, dragging its revenue down by the same rate over the period and reducing its gross margin and operating margin by about 85 basis points, Chief Financial Officer Lora Ho said at an earnings conference on Thursday.
TSMC's revenue is fully denominated in U.S. dollars, but for reporting purposes it is quoted in Taiwan dollars, Ho said. This means an appreciation of the latter against the greenback has a one-to-one correlation to revenue, she said.
Regarding the possibility of the company bidding for Toshiba Corp's memory chip business, TSMC said it was not participating in talks after reviewing it with interest.
"We did not find a clear synergy," Ho said.
In early March, a TSMC spokeswoman said the company was looking at the troubled Japanese conglomerate's chip business but had yet to make any decision on whether to bid.
For the first quarter ended March, TSMC's profit rose 35.3 percent, below estimates, after revenue missed guidance.
Net profit hit T$87.63 billion ($2.90 billion) for the quarter, traditionally a weak period for the tech sector after the year-end sales rush. That missed the T$88.26 billion median analyst estimates in a Thomson Reuters/Eikon poll.
The result was also down from the T$100.2 billion of the fourth quarter of last year, which was a quarterly record.
Gross profit margin was 51.9 percent while its operating margin was 40.8 percent.
Earlier this week, TSMC said first-quarter revenue, at T$233.91 billion, missed the lower end of its guidance of between T$236 billion and T$239 billion given in January due to a strong Taiwan dollar.
($1 = 30.2260 Taiwan dollars) (Editing by Christopher Cushing and Himani Sarkar)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A "person in crisis" wielding a knife in Jackson Square surrendered his weapon to a police officer after several tense minutes in the crowded mall Saturday.
"It could have been a lot of different result," says Hamilton Police Staff Sgt. Steve Hahn.
Police say the distraught 57-old-man was seen brandishing the knife near the Roots store by numerous customers at 12:20 p.m. and police were called.
"The area was cleared and one officer engaged in conversation with the man," said Hahn.
April 10 Casta Diva Group SpA:
* Board approves capital increase without option right for up to 868,699.20 euros ($919,865.58) as partial exercise of powers granted by shareholders on July 18, 2016
* Price per share has been set at 2.40 euros
* Patrimony 1873 SA to subscribe for up to 208,000 shares for 499,200.00 euros while Reload Srl will subscribe to up to 153,958 shares for 369,499.20 euros
* Deadline for the subscription of the capital increase is April 30 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9444 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Bays noted that Fihn would probably be critical of any U.S. president.
The country lobbied against the nuclear ban treaty her coalition helped pass through the U.N. General Assembly in July - even though no nuclear power signed the agreement, and it is still far short of being ratified by 50 countries so it can become international law.
But the reporter reminded Fihn of something she said in October, before her group won a Nobel Prize for rallying hundreds of international groups to work together on disarmament.
"You tweeted, 'Donald Trump is a moron,'" Bays said.
Fihn laughed nervously again.
She had written the tweet shortly after a report leaked that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had said the same thing about Trump.
Fihn had played the remark off as a joke in the past.
But in Oslo, after her work was honored by the world's foremost authority on peace, Fihn did not make the same excuse.
"To think you can use nuclear weapons is moronic," she said. "To rely on nuclear weapons and think that provides you security is moronic.
"These weapons are threats," she added. "They are not keeping us safe. They are keeping us unsafe."
Talking about Trump has occasionally been a challenge for Fihn, who argues that global catastrophe is inevitable as long as any nation keeps nuclear weapons.
The United States started fighting her coalition's work during President Barack Obama's administration.
While Fihn has argued that Trump's election makes banning the weapons more urgent, she says it shouldn't confuse people into thinking a "sane" leader can be trusted not to destroy the world.
"There are no right hands for the wrong weapons," she said at a news conference in October.
May 3 Jones Energy Inc
* Jones Energy - average daily net production for q1 of 2017 of 18.9 mboe/d, 1.4 mboe/d above midpoint of guidance
* Qtrly average daily net production for q1 of 2017 of 18.9 mboe/d
* Announces 2017 first quarter financial and operating results
* Q1 loss per share $0.05
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.16 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Reiterates its 2017 guidance for full year
* Projecting average daily production of 20,700 to 23,000 boe per day for 2017
* Announces q2 2017 guidance projecting average daily production of 20,700 to 21,700 boe per day Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CARDIFF (Reuters) - The roof at the Principality Stadium will be closed for Saturday's Six Nations clash between Wales and Scotland on what is expected to be a wet afternoon in Cardiff.
Scotland had initially requested that the roof remain open for the duration of the game and the rules dictate that both teams must request if the roof is to be closed, as the 74,500-seater venue braces for a rainy day.
Scotland told their counterparts on Tuesday they provisionally wanted the roof to stay open but also sought an option to reconsider later in the week. They have now agreed to its closure, officials said.
”We would like dry conditions, so if it's dry conditions outside there's no need to close the roof, if it's not, then let's close the roof and have a really good game,” Scotland coach Gregor Townsend has said.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has said: “My opinion of the roof is it's our stadium and we should decide whether it's open or closed.”
Saturday's match marks the start of this year's championship and sees Scotland, on the back of strong form in their November internationals, travel in hope of a first win since 2002 in Cardiff.
They are up against a Wales team who have an extensive list of players unavailable because of injury.
FRANKFURT Two managers of a German Ponzi property scheme who became notorious for throwing parties with models, fast cars and even an elephant have been sentenced to 8 1/2 years in prison, a Frankfurt court said on Wednesday.
The founders of S&K were convicted of breach of trust for operating a pyramid scheme in which they funnelled 240 million euros ($258 million) from 11,000 investors into their own accounts to finance a lavish lifestyle.
In a 3,200-page complaint, prosecutors described the racketeering of Stephan Christoph Schaefer and Jonas Koeller, who were arrested in 2013 after 1,200 investigators searched the S&K premises and its roughly 150 affiliated companies.
Raiding police found numerous bags filled with coins that which at least one of the defendants had used for bathing in money, much like cartoon billionaire character Uncle Scrooge, according to prosecutors at the 110-day trial.
The defendants regularly impressed customers by arriving at their parties in a company helicopter and showing off their luxury Porsche, Lamborghini and Aston Martin cars.
They also posed with underwear models, on one occasion bathing in an oversized champagne glass, and even brought a live zebra and elephant to their parties.
(Reporting by Arno Schuetze; editing by Mark Heinrich)
April 12 Protalix Biotherapeutics Inc
* Protalix Biotherapeutics announces positive results from phase II clinical trial of Alidornase Alfa (air dnase) for the treatment of cystic fibrosis
* Protalix Biotherapeutics Inc - sixteen patients were enrolled in study, all of whom completed study
* Protalix Biotherapeutics Inc - Alidornase Alfa was well tolerated with no serious adverse events reported
* Protalix Biotherapeutics - adverse events that occurred during study were mild and transient in nature for phase ii clinical trial of Alidornase Alfa
* Protalix Biotherapeutics - in vitro study of air dnase showed significant inhibition of pseudomonas aeruginosa Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
TAIPEI, April 5 Taiwan stocks rose on Wednesday lifted by the 8 percent surge in shares of Hon Hai Precision , the world's largest contract electronics maker and a key Apple Inc supplier. As of 0150 GMT, the main TAIEX index rose 1.1 percent, to 9,915.13 points, after closing down 0.4 percent on Friday. Taiwan's financial markets where shut Monday and Tuesday for public holidays. The electronics subindex rose 1.6 percent, while the financials subindex gained 0.2 percent. Shares in Hon Hai, which goes by the trade name of Foxconn, were up 8 percent, after posting a surprising 30 percent rise in net profit for the fourth quarter of last year, defying expectations for a decline. Hon Hai's strong profit gain came mainly due to solid bookings for the bigger-sized iPhone 7 Plus models, analysts said. The next iPhone iteration, iPhone 8, due for launch later this year, will benefit Hon Hai this year, Yuanta Investment Consulting said. It set Hon Hai's share 12-month target price at T$108, implying a more than 10 percent upside compared to around T$97 now. The Taiwan dollar softened T$0.045 to T$30.381 per U.S. dollar. (Reporting by J.R. Wu; Editing by Randy Fabi)
BEIJING (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp's (7203.T) sales in China in January rose 24.5 percent from a year earlier to 127,500 vehicles, the company said on Friday.
The results compared with a 5.6 percent year-on-year drop in volume that it reported for December.
Toyota said it aims to sell as many as 1.4 million vehicles in China this year, up from the 1.29 million vehicles it sold in 2017.
March 30 February retail sales data (percent change from a year earlier): 2017 2016 Feb Jan Dec Nov Oct Sep Aug Value -5.7 -1.0^ -2.9 -5.4^ -2.9 -4.0 -10.5 Volume -6.1 -1.4 -2.9^ -5.5^ -2.7 -3.8 -11.0 ^ Revised CONTEXT: -- In the three months through February, the volume of sales was down by 3.9 percent, seasonally adjusted, from the preceding three months. COMMENTARY: A government spokesman indicated that the performance of retail sales was still constrained by a lack of growth in tourist spending despite a modest recovery in visitor arrivals in recent months. Taking the first two months of 2017 together to neutralise the distortions by the timing of the Lunar New Year, the volume of retail sales declined by 3.6 percent year-on-year, similar to that in the fourth quarter of 2016. Looking ahead, the performance of retail sales will depend on the recovery pace of inbound tourism as well as whether consumer sentiment will be affected by the various external uncertainties. At present, local consumer sentiment remains well underpinned by the prevailing favourable job and income conditions. The government will continue to monitor the situation closely. LINK: -- To view the full details of retail sales data, see the Hong Kong government website at: bit.ly/2nlFzOu (Reporting by Twinnie Siu in HONG KONG; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday called the explosion in a St. Petersburg metro tunnel a "terrible thing."
When asked about the blast that killed 10 people and injured more than 20 in Russia on Monday, Trump told reporters that it was a "terrible thing - happening all over the world - absolutely a terrible thing."
(Reporting by Ayesha Rascoe)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - IMPLENIA AG:
* ‍FY FREE CASH FLOW IS SIGNIFICANTLY HIGHER THAN EXPECTED, UNDERLINING A GOOD OPERATING PERFORMANCE IN SECOND HALF OF YEAR.​
* ‍THIS WILL ENSURE A DIVIDEND COMPARABLE TO ONE PAID OUT FOR PREVIOUS YEAR​
* ‍ORDER BACKLOG REMAINS AT A RECORD HIGH LEVEL​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 6 Lionhub Group Ltd
* Refers to announcement dated 5 April 2017 in relation to acquisition of land in Anhui province, China
* Clarifies it won tender to acquire 40 Mus of land in joint venture with KSL rather than completed acquisition of land;
* Also clarifies that land has been acquired for industrial development rather than commercial development Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
From Harford County Public Schools:
On May 2, 2018, students from Edgewood Middle School and Magnolia Middle School travelled to the Statewide Watershed Summit in Annapolis, Maryland to present their stream monitoring results and action projects – months in the making – to local policymakers to advocate for the importance of stream and Chesapeake Bay health.
For a second year, the Howard County Conservancy organized the summit to encourage all Maryland schools to monitor a local or onsite waterway, submit the data to the Watershed Report Card, and complete an action project that will improve the health of the Chesapeake Bay Watershed.
Harford County was well represented at the summit this year by Edgewood Middle and Magnolia Middle students: Beverlymae Barnett, Angela Bush, Amirah Ferguson, Chris Grady, Temilola Lawal, Aba Pobee, Zoya Rahman, Ishandeep Singh, Daniel Smith, and Max Williams from Edgewood Middle; and Alexander Hughes, Kayla Lymon, Keliss Levone-Myers, Carol Rinker, Neah Shaw, Maryellen VanHorn, and Skye Wilhelm from Magnolia Middle.
Under the leadership of Sarah Psaros, Jennifer Knoll, and Kristie Smith, students at Edgewood Middle monitored their onsite stream, Rams Creek, to find that much could be improved. After seeing debris onsite, students made plastic reduction and recycling a focus for the school this year. Students generated recycling awareness through posters, presentations, and a schoolwide plastic recycling event.
“It was exciting to see all the hard work we did made a big difference,” said 7th grader Max Williams.
The Magnolia Middle School Ecology Club, led by Bridget Lang and Tom Smith, monitored a tributary of the Gunpowder River. After seeing that the stream was lacking in aquatic biodiversity, students decided to advocate for a Low Mow Zone on campus that would help filter runoff and improve water quality. They will be working with Michelle Dobson, from the Department of Natural Resources, and Harford Glen to plant native species in the Low Mow Zone.
“I heard Keliss and Kayla (students from Magnolia Middle) talking about how fantastic it was to see so many likeminded students from all over the state advocating for our watershed,” said Tom Smith. “They really got a sense of the importance of their work, as well as how environmental issues connect us.”
Edgewood Middle School recently received Green School status, and Magnolia Middle School hopes to follow suite next year. Both schools' Ecology Clubs look forward to working together next year to complete a large collaborative action project, and continue working towards a healthier Chesapeake Bay.
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, his spokeswoman said on Thursday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Counterpointe Sustainable Real Estate provides PACE Financing for Green Roofs and San Francisco's Living Roof Ordinance
Contact
Investor Contact: Sal Tarsia
Tel: (203) 717-0779
855 431-4400
inquiry@counterpointesre.com Investor Contact: Sal TarsiaTel: (203) 717-0779855 431-4400
End
-- Counterpointe Sustainable Real Estate, a leader in commercial real estate PACE financing, announced the launch of new financing program for the installation, service, and maintenance of Green Roofs and Living Roofs nationwide. This innovative new financing program will help property owners comply San Francisco's new Living Roof Ordinance and is backed by property-tax assessments funding - known as Property Assessed Clean Energy (PACE) Financing - through which the local county or municipality offers a voluntary tax assessment increase in exchange for financing 100% of the costs to fund permanent green energy-saving, water-saving and seismic strengthening improvements.The financing provided by Counterpointe Sustainable Real Estate provides financing for 100% of the costs of green roof installation. Through the CounterpointeSRE's PACE program, the assessment that funds the improvements is repaid with long term, fixed rates through an additional line item on the property tax statement. This will allow hotels, offices, hospitals and other commercial properties to finance green roofs while preserving capital and potentially qualifying for off balance sheet treatment. Assessments are tied to the property, so they may be passed through to tenants, are non-recourse to owners and are transferrable upon sale of the property.A highlighted feature of the new program is 100% financing that includes all related soft costs such as design, engineering, egress installation, and prepaid service or maintenance contracts for the green roof.Green roofs provide enormous benefits to community, property owners and tenants. Whole building energy savings vary by climate, building size and green roof properties, but a City of San Francisco commissioned study estimates utility savings in cooling costs at 18%. Read more about costs and benefits at http://default.sfplanning.org/ Citywide/livingroof/ SFLivin... San Francisco has joined other North American cities promoting living roofs such as Toronto, Chicago, and Portland. "CounterpointeSRE is pleased to work in conjunction with city planners to helps reduce heat island effects, manage stormwater, and increase open space in commercial spaces," said Eric Alini, managing partner at Counterpointe Sustainable Real Estate. "Through this program, property owners can increase ROI, property aesthetics and property value while making our cities more environmentally friendly."In 2014, the City of San Francisco selected CounterpointeSRE Program to become its official financing partner. The CounterpointeSRE Program™ has un-paralleled expertise in PACE financing and finances a variety of renewable energy, water conservation, energy efficiency and resiliency projects such as lighting and building automation, seismic retrofits and wind mitigation, energy efficiency windows and upgrading heating and air conditioning systems. Counterpointe's new program for green roof installation permits inclusion of other eligible improvements in the financing of the green roof.Counterpointe Sustainable Real Estate (CounterpointeSRE)is a leading PACE provider, financing commercial real estate clean energy and resiliency improvements nationwide from $100,000 to $50,000,000. Counterpointe Energy Solutions LLC ("CES") together with its subsidiaries is engaged in implementing, funding, managing and administering PACE programs under the AllianceNRG Programand CounterpointeSRE Programbrands. CES is program administrator in California and Florida, while CounterpointeServices provides bond servicing for PACE municipal bonds. Counterpointe's strategic partnerships with Service Finance Company LLC and Hannon Armstrong enable it to offer one of the few PACE programs that provides both residential and commercial PACE financing.For more information, visitMedia Contact:Brandon AliniTel: (203) 717-0885
April 12 M3 Technologies Asia Bhd:
* Entered into MoU with MNC Wireless Berhad
* MoU to collaborate and develop an inclusive e-commerce platform
* The MoU will not have any effect on the earnings per share of the company for the FY ending 30 June 2017. Source text: (bit.ly/2p4MQqh) Further company coverage:
LONDON — Roger Federer and Serena Williams are making it look easy at Wimbledon — again.
Caroline Wozniacki is heading home early — again.
Federer and Williams cruised into the third round with straight-sets victories on Wednesday, looking at home on the Centre Court where they have won 15 titles between them.
However, Wozniacki still can't seem to get comfortable at the England Club — especially when there's a swarm of bugs flying around her head.
The Australian Open champion went out before the third round for the fourth time in seven years, losing 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 to Ekaterina Makarova of Russia after complaining to the chair umpire about the insects that invaded No. 1 court during the second set.
No such problems for Federer, who won 35 straight points on his serve on route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1.
After serving out for the first set, Federer didn't drop a single point on his serve in the second and kept that streak going until he was 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third — when Lacko finally sent a backhand winner down the line.
It was another dominant display by the eight-time champion, who lost just nine of 61 points on his serve in total and broke Lacko five times, including with a forehand winner to close out the match.
"On certain days it goes better than others," Federer said. "Sometimes your serve matches up better against certain players."
Williams was nearly as good, losing just five of 32 points on her first serve in a 6-1, 6-4 win over Viktoriya Tomova. It was her 16th straight victory at Wimbledon, although she missed last year's tournament while pregnant.
A person with direct knowledge of the decision says SMU will hire former California and Louisiana Tech coach Sonny Dykes as its new head coach.
The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Monday because a deal was still being finalized. SMU announced a news conference for Tuesday with university President Gerald Turner and athletic director Rick Hart.
Dykes will replace Chad Morris, who left SMU last week to become Arkansas coach.
Dykes, a Texas native whose father Spike Dykes was a longtime coach at Texas Tech, went 22-15 in three seasons at Louisiana Tech from 2010-12. He spent 2013-16 at Cal, where he had just one winning season. He was fired after the 2016 season and spent last year working as an offensive analyst at TCU.
March 28 Starts Proceed Investment Corp :
* Says it plans to sell two Hokkaido-based properties worth 365 million yen to Starts Amenity Corp, in exchange for a Tokyo-based property worth 380 million yen from the counterparty, on March 31
* Says co will pay the price spread to Starts Amenity Corp
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/Mr0PR5
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 29 Ab Science SA:
* Announces that masitinib study in primary and secondary progressive forms of multiple sclerosis has passed its non-futility test at 2 years
* Interim results will be available in Q2 2018. Final results will be available in Q2 2019
* Study enrolled 600 evaluable patients as planned. Study is therefore now closed to patient enrolment
* Next step for this study is interim analysis expected with 50 pct of patients having reached 96 week treatment duration period Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Electrocomponents Plc (ECM.L) said it expected pretax profit for the year ended March to exceed current market expectations, after reporting an 8 percent rise in fourth-quarter revenue on growth recovery in North America and favorable currency impact.
The company, which distributes more than 500,000 electrical products from 2,500 leading suppliers, said North America revenue for the quarter ended in March rose 16 percent. The company will release full-year results in May.
The market expects headline pretax profit for the year in the range of 122.3 million pounds - 124.2 million pounds ($152.7 million - $155.1 million), the company said.
Electrocomponents said it expected weakness in the sterling to push up full-year profit before tax by around 18 million pounds.
(Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Watch: Sydney CBD high-rise engulfed with flames after scaffolding catches on fire
Workers have described the speed with which building lit up - "You could see balls of hay catching on fire."
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
April 3 Spire Inc -
* Spire issues 2.5 million common shares
* Received approximately $142 million in net proceeds as a result of transaction, and intend to use funds to repay Spire Inc. indebtedness
* Issued 2.5 million shares related to conversion of equity units issued in June 2014 as part of funding for acquisition of Alabama Gas Corp Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DETROIT — Miami centre Hassan Whiteside is out for the Heat's game at Detroit with an illness.
Whiteside is averaging 14.1 points and 11.7 rebounds this season. Kelly Olynyk started at centre Saturday night for the Heat.
Detroit is not at full strength either, with rookie Luke Kennard (foot) and guard Dwight Buycks (illness) missing the game. The Pistons have been without point guard Reggie Jackson since late December because of an ankle injury.
Detroit is playing its second game with newly acquired star Blake Griffin.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WELLINGTON, April 13 All Blacks hooker Dane Coles will miss the Super Rugby clash against Auckland Blues on Saturday as he continues to struggle with the injury woes that have kept him out of the Wellington Hurricanes side for a month.
Coles sustained a knee injury in the 41-15 victory over the Otago Highlanders on March 18, but the reigning Super Rugby champions said on Thursday a sore calf muscle would prevent him from returning against the Blues at Eden Park.
Hurricanes coach Chris Boyd was, however, able to recall flanker Ardie Savea and his older brother Julian, who both missed last week's 38-28 win over the New South Wales Waratahs.
Unlike Ardie, who sustained a calf injury against the Queensland Reds on April 1, Julian had been rested for the match.
His return forces Wes Goosen, who impressed against the Waratahs, to shift to the right wing in place of former All Blacks winger Cory Jane, who drops to the bench.
Vince Aso moves back into the centres to replace Matt Proctor, who has suffered a concussion.
"Julian and Vince have both been in great form this season and we always expected them to return to the starting side for the Blues and Wes demanded selection after taking his opportunity against the Waratahs," Boyd said.
"Matty Proctor picked up a fairly minor head knock, so he wasn't considered and he'll go through the necessary concussion protocols.
"We're lucky that Vince is equally (as) comfortable at centre as he is on the wing."
Aso and midfield partner Ngani Laumape will have their hands full with All Blacks centre Sonny Bill Williams making his first start for the Blues after he came off the bench last week against the Highlanders.
New Zealand Rugby on Wednesday granted Williams a dispensation to wear a jersey and shorts stripped of the logos of financial institutions on religious grounds.
The Blues said on Thursday he would instead wear a jersey that promoted a children's community organisation. (Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
Hatters boss Nathan Jones doesn't expect to be filling his side with trialists when they start their pre-season campaign at Hitchin Town on Friday night.
Luton's visit to their Southern League Premier Division opponents kicks off at 7pm and on whether there will be any unknown players turning out at Top Field, Jones said: “No, it's not something we do.
“We pretty much earmark players that we want for long periods of time, then when it comes to the right time, we try and sign them.
“There are a few players that I know, someone like Steven Caulker last year, who wasn't a trialist, he came in to see our environment and so on, while we did take the boy (Craig) Sibbald last year.
“There maybe one that comes in and trains with us in the environment to see where they are and so on, but we don't take many trialists, we don't take many loans to be honest with you.
“We like to earmark players, go after them and get them. Sometimes we have to invest money in that, but we believe that when they come into our environment, that investment just actually increases.”
On the contest itself against Hitchin, Jones added: “It was a tough game against them last year, we won 2-0, but we want that as we're building into the pre-season and into the season.
“Everything will be structured but that leads us then into going away (to Slovenia) where we do real good work.
“We get them into that zone, that mindset of being Luton and Luton players, so we're looking forward to it.”
Contact
Purveyor Group
***@purveyorgroup.com Purveyor Group
End
-- Entrepreneur and successful businesswoman, Jemie Sae Koo announces the 7Annual Celebration of Life and Paying It Forward event benefitting charity, Fulfillment Fund, in honor of her birthday and hosted by French Tuesdays, taking place on Tuesday, August 29at 7:00 p.m. Fulfillment Fund sends disadvantaged, first-generation kids in the community to college. They empower students through education, transforming individual lives, and creating a ripple effect through the entire community.Jemie Sae Koo, Laura Slade Wiggins (Shameless), Kiowa Gordon (Twilight), James Kyson (Heroes), Jameel White (Family Matters), Lashinda Demus (Gold Medalist Olympian), Shevon Stoddart-Nieto (Olympian), Cindy Cowan (Producer), Kelly Hu (X-Men), Ross Otterman (Producer), Mike Fong (Elected Official), Elizabeth Espinosa (Emmy Award Winning Broadcast Journalist), Dr. Jon A. Perlman (ABC Extreme Makeover), Pilar Stella (Investor/Venture Capitalist), Jeremy Winter Delaplane (VEVO), Katie Soo (Warner Brothers), and Mark Friedman (Perfect Pushup), Allisyn Ashley Arm (AP Bio), Dylan Riley Snyder (Kickin' It), Joey Luthman (The Long Road Home).Stevie Wonder (22-time Grammy Award-winning, legendary singer/songwriter)and son, Kwame Morris (actor/singer/songwriter), Prince Rudolf Kniase Melikoff, The Honorable Mike Fong (Los Angeles Community College Board of Trustees), Emmy-Award Winning Broadcast Journalist Susan Hirasuna (FOX11 News), Kevin S. Parikh, Esq. (CEO, Avasant), Dr. Jon A. Perlman (ABC's "Extreme Makeover"), Radio Host Ken Rukowski (President, BusinessRockstars.com), Dr. Paul Y. Song (Chief Medical Officer, Cynvenio & Physician, Cedars-Sinai)and David Wurth (publisher, CSQ Magazine).Prince Mario-Max Schaumburg-Lippe, Sue Wong (world renowned fashion designer), Dirk Alborn (CEO, Hyperloop), Inventor Elan Lee, Augusto Penjasoff (Global Head of Innovation, AstraZeneca), Actor Eric Roberts, Actress Eliza Simons-Roberts, Wealth Manager and Restaurateur Kerry Moy, Award Winning Multi-Platinum Composer and Producer Pascal Guyon, Executive Producer Thomas Feith, Dr. Christine Ibrahim, Celebrity Chef Jason Park (Executive Chef, Maru), Award-Winning Cocktail Chef Matthew Biancaniello (Eat Your Drink), Celebrity DJ Sandra Luesse (actor/director), Keaton Simons (recording artist), The Honorable Michael DiVirgilio (Councilmember, City of Hermosa Beach), Linda Braden (President & CEO, Cornerstone Construction), Antoinette Brown-Leon (Executive Director, The Asomugha Foundation), Rebekah Kim, Deputy (Office of Los Angeles County Supervisor Don Knabe), Chad Mayer (Executive Director, Sharefest), Gabriela Medina (Deputy, Office of Councilmember Joe Buscaino, City of Los Angeles), Frank Schulz (Managing Principal, The Klabin Company), Jamal Shofani (Vice President, Wells Fargo Company), Dan Simon (Chief Financial Officer, Wedbush Capital), Rick Hopfer (CIO, Molina Healthcare), Rich Brandt (Deputy Chief, Long Beach Fire Department), and Samia Arslane (Editor-in-Chief, GENLUX Magazine).Additional information for the event can be found here: https://www.eventbrite.com/ e/the-7th-annual- celebration- o... For additional information, please contact Purveyor Group.
April 13 Capitaland Ltd
* Unit entered into conditional sale and purchase agreements with Nikko Zenith GK9 and certain of its related corporations
* Aggregate purchase consideration under sale and purchase agreements for tbi of properties is JPY12.0 billion
* SPA to divest trust beneficiary interests of eighteen rental housing properties in tokyo, Japan under Zenith TMK's portfolio
* Estimated net gain from sale is approximately JPY831 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
COLOMBO, March 30 The Sri Lankan rupee firmed up on Thursday, led by exporter dollar sales and inward remittances but demand from importers for the U.S. currency weighed on sentiment, dealers said.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards trading at 152.40/70 per dollar at 0601 GMT, compared with Wednesday's close of 152.55/65.
"The rupee will ease with the remittances and exporter dollar sales in the coming weeks ahead of the traditional new year in April," said a currency dealer who did not wish to be named.
Dealers said the rupee has been under pressure due to dollar demand to meet increased seasonal imports ahead of the traditional new year that is celebrated on April 13-14.
The central bank on Monday raised the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.70. It raised the reference rate by 25 cents on March 20.
On Friday, the central bank raised interest rates for the first time in eight months, saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures.
Analysts said the rate hike, a move that was also aimed at easing pressure on the rupee, could help stabilise the domestic currency that has been hurt by rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors.
Foreign investors net bought government securities worth 70 million rupees ($461,285) in the week ended March 22, but they net sold 63.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year.
Sri Lankan shares were up 0.15 percent at 6,030.42 as of 0612 GMT. Turnover stood at 895.6 million rupees ($5.90 million).
($1 = 151.7500 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
SHANGHAI China has deported a U.S. citizen who was convicted of espionage this week after being held without trial for two years, removing a source of friction between Washington and Beijing.
Sandy Phan-Gillis was arrested in March 2015 while about to leave mainland China for the Chinese-ruled, former Portuguese colony of Macau. A court on Tuesday ordered her deportation after sentencing her to three-and-a-half years in prison for espionage.
She left China on Friday from the southern city of Guangzhou and arrived in Los Angeles on the same day, her husband said in a statement.
The Chinese government has not released details of the charges against Phan-Gillis. Her lawyer told Reuters on Tuesday he could not reveal details of the case because it involved "state secrets."
Her husband, Jeff Gillis, said China had accused Phan-Gillis of visiting the country twice on spy missions in 1996 and working with the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation to capture two Chinese spies in the United States and turn them into double agents.
The deportation comes at a time of warming China-U.S. relations after U.S. President Donald Trump hosted Chinese President Xi Jinping in Florida in early April.
In an interview with Reuters on Thursday, Trump called Xi a "good man" and praised him for his efforts to press North Korea to give up its development of nuclear weapons and long-range missiles.
An official of the U.S. State Department said it was aware of the deportation.
"The United States welcomes her home," said the official, who did not want to be identified by name.
Negotiations to secure the release of Phan-Gillis intensified when Secretary of State Rex Tillerson visited Beijing in March, according to the San Francisco-based Dui Hua Foundation.
"Sandy is overjoyed to be reunited with friends and family, and sends out her thanks to the many people who worked tirelessly for her release," Gillis said.
U.S. Senator Ted Cruz, a Texas Republican, said Phan-Gillis had been detained on "baseless" charges.
"Today, she is released and free again. This is a day of great celebration for her family and all Texans," Cruz said in a statement, which applauded the State Department and Trump for securing Phan-Gillis' release.
(Reporting by John Ruwitch in Shanghai; additional reporting by David Brunnstrom in Washington; Editing by Matthew Lewis and Sandra Maler)
JOHANNESBURG May 2 South Africa's Financial Services Board (FSB) is probing certain trades that took place in the hours before former Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan was recalled from an investor roadshow and then dismissed, an official said on Tuesday.
"The investigation is on-going," Solly Keetse, head of Market Abuse at the FSB, told Reuters. The Johannesburg bourse said in April it was probing the trades involving currency futures and would forward its findings to the FSB once they are finalised. (Reporting by Nqobile Dludla; Editing by Ed Stoddard)
A hat-trick by skipper Jimmy Smith helped to end Crawley Town's four-game winless run with a fine 3-2 win away to Colchester United.
Reds recovered from going a goal behind and then pushed to a 2-1 lead at half-time thanks to two goals by Smith.
The Crawley captain then scored his third goal of the game early in the second half to pave the way for a morale-boosting away victory in Essex.
The home side pulled a goal back from a well-taken free-kick by Ben Dickinson, but they could not find a third to grab a point.
Colchester went into the game high in confidence having won their previous five home matches.
The US took the lead in the 18th minute when a cross from the left wasn't cleared and Denny Johnstone scored with a shot which was deflected over keeper Glenn Morris.
The goal was controversial as appeals for handball were ignored by the referee.
Smith pulled Reds back on to level terms just five minutes later when he rose to head home Dean Cox's corner.
Smith then added a stunning second goal to give Crawley the lead in the 34th minute when he received a ball from Enzio Boldwewijn from the far post and he volleyed in it sweetly into the net.
Cox tried to find James Collins with a cross as they looked for a third goal but home keeper Sam Walker gathered the ball.
Just before half-time Reds went close again when Cox broke clear and nearly put Boldewijn through for a chance but the ball was cleared.
Coming out from a 2-1 half-time lead, Smith continued in the same vein by clinching his hat-trick in the 51st minute, hitting the ball under Walker from the edge of the area.
Midway through the half the referee had to receive treatment for an injury and was then substituted and Mr Waters replaced official Collins.
Smith's inspired night nearly brought a fourth goal when from a breakaway move, Boldewijn cut back and Smith's shot was blocked before Kaby Djalo hit the rebound wide.
With two minutes to go Reds survived a threat when they cleared from a goalmouth scramble.
Play had been held up by the incident with the referee and so consequently eight added minutes were indicated.
During the long period of injury-time Colchester pulled a goal back to 3-2 with a 93rd minute goal by Dickinson from a curling free-kick.
There was a tense last few minutes as Crawley battled to hold out for the valuable three away points and in the final seconds Morris held a dangerous ball sent into the penalty area as Crawley clinched a rare away victory.
REDS: Morris, Young, Lelan, Connolly, Roberts, Henderson, Djalo, Smith (capt) (Payne 86), Boldewijn, Cox (Bawling 73), Collins
Subs: Merson, Blackman, Yorwerth, Clifford, Murphy
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Now slugging for the Bronx Bombers, Giancarlo Stanton.
The New York Yankees announced Monday they'd acquired Stanton from the Miami Marlins, getting the NL MVP and cash from Miami for Starlin Castro and two minor leaguers, right-hander Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers.
Stanton was to be introduced later in the day at Major League Baseball's winter meetings.
The 28-year-old outfielder is still owed $295 million over the final decade of his record $325 million, 13-year contract.
The Marlins, with former Yankees star Derek Jeter as their new CEO, will send $30 million to the Yankees if Stanton doesn't exercise his right to opt out of his contract and become a free agent after the 2020 season: $5 million each on July 1 and Oct. 1 in 2026, 2027 and 2028. Under a change in baseball's new labour contract, that money will be prorated for the luxury tax and Stanton will count as $22 million annually.
Stanton led the majors with 59 home runs and 132 RBIs last season. Once he puts on the pinstripes, Stanton will pair with Aaron Judge, the 6-foot-7 rookie who was second in the majors with 52 homers.
"I wouldn't say sad day," Marlins president of baseball operations Michael Hill said. "It's a win-win for both sides. ... I know Giancarlo made it clear midway through the 2017 season he didn't want to be part of a rebuild."
The Yankees topped baseball with 241 home runs last season. The prospect of the daunting duo together in the lineup — and putting on batting practice shows — raised thoughts of their previous powerful 1-2 punches, such as Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, along with Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris.
Shortly after the Yankees and Marlins agreed to the deal last weekend, Judge, the unanimous AL Rookie of the Year, sent a tweet to Stanton showing a clip from the movie "Step Brothers" with Will Ferrell saying, "Did we just become best friends?"
The Yankees came within one win of the World Series in October, losing the final two games of the AL Championship Series at Houston. The deal is sure to get a legion of fans that already dislike the Yanks railing against Jeter sending Stanton to his old team.
BERLIN Borussia Dortmund have signed talented midfielder Mahmoud Dahoud of Borussia Moenchengladbach on a four-year contract starting next season, the Bundesliga club said on Thursday.
The 21-year-old Germany youth international, who was a transfer target for several top European clubs, signed a deal at Dortmund to 2022.
"Mo Dahoud is a hugely talented and exciting player in the central midfield position whom we have been watching intensively for several years," said Dortmund sports director Michael Zorc.
"He has already proven he can play at top level."
Dahoud has scored six goals in 52 league appearances for Gladbach after rising through the Foals' youth ranks. He has also played in the Champions League and Europa League in the past few seasons.
Dortmund is third in the Bundesliga and are through to the German Cup last four and the Champions League quarter-finals.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; Editing by Alison Williams)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
HALIFAX — The developers of Canada's only commercial spaceport are hoping Nova Scotia's eastern shore will eventually be the site of as many as a dozen rocket launches annually.
Proponents of the project gathered in a Halifax boardroom this morning to plan the next steps, which will rely first on the province approving an environmental assessment plan.
Stephen Matier, president of Maritime Launch Services Ltd., said the goal is to break ground by mid-May, and to begin launching satellites from the $200-million project near Canso in 2020.
The consortium of three American firms is working with the Ukrainian-based Yuzhnoye Design to create the launch complex at the site in Guysborough County.
LONDON Ryanair (RYA.I) will start offering connecting flights later this month, a senior executive said on Thursday, marking a break from its traditional point-to-point model as it looks to appeal to a broader spread of customers.
The Irish airline rose to become Europe's largest airline by passenger numbers by running a bare-bones operation shunning transfers due to their complexity and the risk they would keep planes on the ground for too long.
Chief Executive Michael O'Leary dropped his opposition in 2015 and said the airline would look to trial transfers as part of plans to expand beyond its traditional customer base.
Ryanair will roll out connections, initially between its own flights, at the end of April at Rome's Fiumicino Airport, Chief Marketing Officer Kenny Jacobs said on Thursday. This would allow for example a journey from Dublin to Palermo, Sicily, which has no direct service, the company said.
"We'll start with Fiumicino, we'll start at the end of April, then other bases will follow, and this will be something that will be available across the network," Jacobs said.
"I think that this is going to be a big advantage given our network, it'll be a big advantage for Ryanair getting more of the business travel market in Europe," he added.
Ryanair did not previously offer transfers for a number of reasons, including concerns that waiting for passengers and bags from connecting flights could delay take-offs and undermine the 25-minute turnaround that is key part of its business model.
It has also balked at the idea of compensating passengers for missed connections and taking responsibility for accommodating those waiting for the next available flight.
“It's going to be a big deal for us," said Jacobs. "It's a big deal for any low-cost airline, but it's something that customers absolutely will love. It happens today informally through customers just doing their own version of self-connecting ... but this will allow you to do that direct."
Jacobs said the logistics of flight connections had been worked out, but did not give details. He said integration of IT systems was the only thing holding it back from offering connections to other airlines.
In January O'Leary said Ryanair hoped to start offering connections to long-haul flights from Norwegian Air Shuttle (NWC.OL) and Aer Lingus (ICAG.L) from May, but Jacobs said that was more likely be from September.
(Writing by Conor Humphries; Editing by David Holmes)
Mexican singer Luis Miguel's lawyer, Kris Demirjian, (C), ignores questions from various news outlets outside the Edward R. Roybal Federal Building in Los Angeles, California, U.S. May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Kyle Grillot
Mexican singer Luis Miguel's lawyer, Kris Demirjian, (C), ignores questions from various news outlets outside the Edward R. Roybal Federal Building in Los Angeles, California, U.S. May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Kyle Grillot
Mexican singer Luis Miguel's lawyer, Kris Demirjian, (C), ignores questions from various news outlets outside the Edward R. Roybal Federal Building in Los Angeles, California, U.S. May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Kyle Grillot
Mexican singer Luis Miguel's lawyer, Kris Demirjian, (C), ignores questions from various news outlets outside the Edward R. Roybal Federal Building in Los Angeles, California, U.S. May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Kyle Grillot
FILE PHOTO: Mexican singer Luis Miguel performs during the International Song Festival in Vina del Mar city, about 121 km (75 miles) northwest of Santiago, February 22, 2012. REUTERS/Eliseo Fernandez/File Photo
Mexican singer Luis Miguel surrendered to U.S. marshals and was released on bond on Tuesday after an arrest warrant was issued for him in April in a case where he is suspected of failing to pay more than $1 million to his former manager.
The Grammy Award-winning singer, whose full name is Luis Miguel Gallego Basteri, appeared at federal court in Los Angeles on Tuesday.
The arrest warrant had been issued for failure to appear at court hearings in the case, the U.S. Marshals Service in Los Angeles said.
There was no lawyer listed for Miguel in federal court filings.
The singer was ordered by a U.S. judge in New York to pay the money to the former manager, William Brockhaus, and the case was later transferred to federal court in California.
Miguel, known as “El Sol de Mexico” or Mexico's Sun, rose to fame with hits such as "La Incondicional" (The Unconditional) and a Spanish cover of 1978 hit "Blame it on the Boogie," gathering legions of fans.
Winner of nine Grammys, his concerts have sold out across Latin America and Europe.
He has sung ranchero to Christmas carols, but boleros are where he excelled, though critics often found him repetitive and lacking innovation.
(Reporting by Jon Herskovitz in Austin, Texas and Dave Graham in Mexico City; Editing by Peter Cooney and James Dalgleish)
SAN ANTONIO — Joseph Kilgore scored nine of his 11 points in the second half as Texas A&M-Corpus Christi got off to a slow start before rallying in the second period for a 56-51 win over Incarnate Word on Saturday afternoon for its fourth straight victory.
Trailing 32-24 at the break, the Islanders tracked Incarnate Word until Kareem South, who finished with 11 points and nine rebounds, hit a jumper for a 45-44 lead with 7:06 remaining. It was their first lead since midway of the first half. Sean Rhea made four free throws and Myles Smith added one in the final 34 seconds to seal the win.
Kilgore now has 1,001 points in his career.
A&M-CC (8-12, 5-5) had lost six of its last seven games before winning four straight in Southland Conference play.
SYDNEY A consortium comprising Australia's Hastings Funds Management and pension fund First State Super agreed to pay A$2.6 billion ($1.95 billion) to run New South Wales state's land registry, giving the state government much needed cash to bankroll infrastructure projects.
The deal allows the consortium to levy fees for property ownership registrations in Australia's most populous state for 35 years, taking that function private amid a slew of state government asset sales nationwide. States are being encouraged with up to A$5 billion in cash grants from the federal government to sell assets and quickly re-invest proceeds in infrastructure projects.
The state government said in a statement on Wednesday the money raised from the land registry sale would be invested in infrastructure across New South Wales, as population growth and a housing boom, particularly in Sydney, stretches public services such as transport.
The purchasing consortium is made up of 80 percent Australian institutional investors, including First State Super, investment funds from Hastings Funds Management and a 20 percent stake held by the Royal Bank of Scotland Group's pension fund, also managed by Hastings, it added.
It follows Hastings' successful A$10.26 billion bids for state electricity transmitter, TransGrid, as the lead of another consortium in 2015 and its bid in February for a separate power grid, Endeavour Energy.
The land title deal will deliver "long-term value" for investors, Hastings' chief executive, Andrew Day, said in a separate statement released by the consortium.
"We believe this investment will bring enduring economic benefit to the people of New South Wales and at the same time help build the retirement savings of our members," First State Super CEO Michael Dwyer said.
The consortium has received the relevant regulatory approvals, but the privatized registry will be answerable to the state's Registar General, with power to resume control of the business if required, the NSW government said in its statement.
"The transition to the new operator is expected to be finalised over the coming months," it added.
($1 = 1.3356 Australian dollars)
(Reporting by Tom Westbrook; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
U.S. Representative Darrell Issa (R-CA) (seated, C) attends the White House Correspondents' Association dinner in Washington, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Attendees take their seats at the start of the White House Correspondents' Association dinner in Washington, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Dr. Nina Radcliff (C) of Fox News, wearing a newspaper-themed dress, takes pictures with a fellow attendee at the White House Correspondents' Association dinner in Washington, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Members of the head table applaud as Hasan Minhaj (2nd R) of Comedy Central finishes his performance at the White House Correspondents' Association dinner in Washington, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON The White House press corps gathered on Saturday for its annual black-tie dinner, a toned-down affair this year after Donald Trump snubbed the event, becoming the first incumbent U.S. president to bow out in 36 years.
Without Trump, who scheduled a rally instead to mark his 100th day in office, the usually celebrity-filled soiree hosted by the White House Correspondents' Association took a more sober turn, even as it pulled in top journalists and Washington insiders.
Most of Trump's administration also skipped the event in solidarity with the president, who has repeatedly accused the press of mistreatment. The president used his campaign-style gathering to again lambaste the media.
"I could not possibly be more thrilled than to be more than 100 miles away," he told a crowd in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, calling out The New York Times, CNN and MSNBC by name.
In Washington, WHCA President Jeff Mason defended press freedom even as he acknowledged this year's dinner had a different feel, saying attempts to undermine the media was dangerous for democracy.
"We are not fake news, we are not failing news organizations and we are not the enemy of the American people," said Mason, a Reuters correspondent.
Instead of the typical roasts - presidents of both parties have delivered their own zingers for years - the event returned to its traditional roots of recognising reporters' work and handing out student scholarships as famed journalists Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein presented awards.
"That's not Donald Trump's style," NBC News' Andrea Mitchell told MSNBC, referring to the self-deprecating jokes presidents in the past have made despite tensions with the press.
Instead, the humour fell to headline comedian Hasan Minhaj.
"Welcome to the series finale of the White House correspondents' dinner," Minhaj, who plays a correspondent on Comedy Central's "The Daily Show" programme, told the crowd.
He also joked about Trump, despite organizers' wishes, saying he did so to honour U.S. constitutional protection of free speech: "Only in America can a first-generation, Indian-American Muslim kid get on this stage and make fun of the president."
In a video message, actor Alec Baldwin, who has raised Trump's ire playing him on NBC's "Saturday Night Live" programme also encouraged attendees.
Few other celebrities graced the red carpet, although some well-known Washingtonians, such as former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and Republican Representative Darrell Issa of California, appeared.
Trump attended in 2011, when then-President Barack Obama made jokes at the expense of the New York real estate developer and reality television show host.
In an interview with Reuters this week, Trump said he decided against attending as president because he felt he had been treated unfairly by the media, adding: "I would come next year, absolutely."
In Pennsylvania, Trump told supporters the media dinner would be boring but was noncommittal on whether he would go in 2018 or hold another rally.
Late night television show host Samantha Bee also hosted a competing event - "Not the White House Correspondents' Dinner" - that she said would honour journalists, rather than skewer Trump.
(Additional reporting by Roberta Rampton in Washington and Patrick Rucker in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania; Writing by Susan Heavey; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Balancing short-term indicators with long-term structural change will reinstate investor confidence which is paramount to the success and continued growth recovery process of the real estate sector
Contact
3INVEST
info@realestateunite.com
***@3invest.org 3INVESTinfo@realestateunite.com
End
-- The African real estate market is beginning to show signs of recovery and stability. In a fast-moving world, the real estate industry needs to adapt itself taking into account geopolitical, economic, societal and technological challenges.The recent economic downturn has caused the real estate sector in Africa to fall below the projected 2.6 percent regional growth. The Economic indicators show that Nigeria is gradually coming out of recession. However, balancing short-term indicators with long-term structural change will reinstate investor confidence which is paramount to the success and continued growth recovery process of the sector, as driven by government reforms and policies. Other West African states are showing continued growth and democratic progress. Ghana's GDP stood at 6.6% by the first quarter of 2017 according to IMF. Senegal, Gambia and Ivory Coast are also showing stable economies."The Nigerian economy finally seems to be coming out the recession. The impact on real estate markets, particularly in the retail space has been clear with many of the country's larger shopping malls suffering from persistently high vacancy rates as footfall comes under pressure. The impacting on the confidence of retailers to expand is self-evident according to Tom Mundy Director, Research and Strategy, JLL, sub-Saharan Africa.Against the backdrop of these pressing issues, industry leaders and investors will unite again for the 6th edition of their annual flagship real estate summit Real Estate Unite (REU) (www.realestateunite.com)scheduled to hold on 23rd and 24th of October 2017 at Eko Hotel, Lagos, Nigeria to exchange views guided by the theme "Africa's Real Estate; What's new?" Real Estate Unite is the annual flagship event that provides an important platform for the residential, office, retail, healthcare, hospitality and industrial sectors of Africa's property market to network, learn, transact, showcase and discuss opportunities and issues in global real estate yearly."The game has changed. Been faced with this new reality, how do we create new sources of growth? Are we rethinking business strategies? What's are the new roles and responsibilities?What entirely is NEW? Solutions will form the basis of this year's conversations says Ruth Obih, Founder, Real Estate Unite and Chief Executive, 3INVESTTo throw a spotlight on the economy, Dr. Doyin Salami, foremost economist, professor at Lagos Business School and 2nd term CBN monetary policy committee member will through his keynote presentation give an insightful examination of key trends in the Sub-Saharan and global economy with a specific view towards the future direction over the short and medium terms, including the outlook for GDP growth, interest rates and currency performance.On tackling global issues and its effects, JLL, one of the global leaders in real estate will make a key presentation highlighting the global issues, its effects and solutions for the real estate industry in Africa.Other speakers at the conference sessions include:REU Summit in partnership with W-Hospitality and HTI will launch a dedicated Hotel, tourism and leisure(HTL)meeting place for the hospitality community. Real Estate Unite HTL will connect global business leaders and local markets to invest in Nigeria. The key focus areas for this year's conversations wcj will include; Annual market and economic update; Global issues and effects on local markets; Emerging disruptors in African Real Estate; Housing Market; Groundbreaking technologies built for Africa; SSA future cities and Infrastructure;Healthcare as the most important priority for improving SSA; Capital market trends; Overview of the Hospitality, Tourism and Leisure (HTL) sector in Africa; Retail Revolution; and Office market. Other features of the summit will include the launch of the Real Estate Unite Network (RUN), a platform designed to foster interaction between active local real estate investors, developers, lenders and policymakers with a view to identifying the right partners for your business and building high-value relationships." 2017 Real Estate Unite Conference has been designed to offer the greatest possible value and flexibility to operators, owners, users and players in all sectors of real estate including the residential, office, retail, healthcare, hospitality, logistics, leisure and industrial sectors," says Ruth Obih-Obuah, Chief Executive, 3INVEST.As is the tradition, Real Estate Unite 2017 will also feature exhibitions of the latest offerings from Real estate product/service providers to an involved audience (B2B) that includes developers, suppliers, service providers etc. and attracts a wider B2C audience that includes investors, homebuyers, occupiers etc.Key sponsors at this year's event includeInterested delegates can register at http://realestateunite.com/
Zeinab (2nd L), 14, helps her mother Abdir (L) and her sisters Farhiya and Habiba (R) to build a new shelter. 'We didn't want to force her,' her mother said wearily, worry lines etched into her forehead as her daughter sat stony-faced beside her. 'I could not sleep for stress. My eyes were so tired I could not thread a needle.' REUTERS/ Zohra Bensemra
Zeinab, 14, (2nd L) poses for photograph with her family beside their shelter at a camp for internally displaced people from drought hit areas in Dollow, Somalia April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Zohra Bensemra
Zeinab, 14, sits as she holds her nephew at a camp for internally displaced people from drought hit areas in Dollow, Somalia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Zohra Bensemra
Abdir Hussein, 45, walks as she carries a jerrycan while her daughter Zeinab washes dishes at a camp for internally displaced people from drought hit areas in Dollow, Somalia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Zohra Bensemra
Zeinab, 14, reads an English book as she sits inside her shelter at a camp for internally displaced people from drought hit areas in Dollow, Somalia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Zohra Bensemra
Zeinab, 14, poses for a photograph beside her shelter at a camp for internally displaced people from drought hit areas in Dollow, Somalia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Zohra Bensemra
Zeinab, 14, writes in class at a school near a camp for internally displaced people from drought hit areas in Dollow, Somalia April 3, 2017. REUTERS/ Zohra Bensemra
Zeinab, 14, helps her mother and sister build a new shelter at a camp for internally displaced people from drought hit areas in Dollow, Somalia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Zohra Bensemra
Zeinab, 14, (Rear C) stands in a daily morning queue to recite verses of the Koran and national songs before the beginning of class at the school for internally displaced people from drought hit areas in Dollow, Somalia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Zohra Bensemra
Zeinab, 14, applies her make-up before heading to school inside her shelter at a camp for internally displaced people from drought hit areas in Dollow, Somalia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Zohra Bensemra
DOLLOW, Somalia As the village wells dried up and her livestock died in the scorched scrubland of southern Somalia, Abdir Hussein had one last chance to save her family from starvation: the beauty of her 14-year-old daughter, Zeinab.
Last year, an older man offered $1,000 (£807) for her dowry, enough to take her extended family to Dollow, a Somali town on the Ethiopian border where international aid agencies are handing out food and water to families fleeing a devastating drought.
Zeinab refused.
"I would rather die. It is better that I run into the bush and be eaten by lions," said the slender dark-eyed girl in a high, soft voice.
"Then we will stay and starve to death and the animals will eat all of our bones," her mother shot back.
The exchange, related to Reuters by the teenager and her mother, is typical of the choices facing Somali families after two years of poor rains. Crops withered and the white bones of livestock are scattered across the Horn of Africa nation.
The disaster is part of an arc of hunger and violence threatening 20 million people as it stretches across Africa into the Middle East.
It extends from the red soil of Nigeria in the west, where Boko Haram's six-year jihadist insurgency has forced 2 million people to flee their homes, to Yemen's white deserts in the east, where warring factions block aid while children starve.
Between them lie Somalia's parched sands and the swamps of oil-rich South Sudan, where starving families fleeing three years of civil war survive on water-lily roots.
Parts of South Sudan are already suffering famine, the first in six years.
In Somalia, the United Nations says more than half the 12 million population need aid. A similar drought in 2011, exacerbated by years of civil war, sparked the world's last famine, which killed 260,000 people. Now the country teeters on the brink again.
At the moment, the death toll is still in the hundreds but the numbers will spike if the March-May rains fail. The forecast is not good.
As U.S. President Donald Trump threatens to slash aid budgets, the United Nations says the drought and conflicts in the four countries are fuelling humanity's greatest collective disaster since World War Two.
"We stand at a critical point in history," Undersecretary-General for humanitarian affairs Stephen O'Brien told the Security Council in March. "We are facing the largest humanitarian crisis since the creation of the United Nations."
The United Nations needs $4.4 billion by July, he said. So far it has received $590 million.
THE CHOICE
Missing from the statistics are the heart-wrenching choices families make every day to survive.
Sheltering under the bare branches of a thorn tree as she waited for a cup of flour, one mother who just arrived in Dollow said she had been feeding her younger children while the older ones went hungry.
Another had left her sick 5-year-old son by the side of the road with distant kinsmen as she led children that could still walk towards help. A third woman bid goodbye to her crippled husband and walked through the desert for a week, carrying their toddler, to the place where there was food.
Hussein traded Zeinab's freedom for the lives of her sisters.
"I felt so bad," she told Reuters in the ragged dome of sticks, rags and plastic that shelters her and 14 other relatives. "I ended the dreams of my baby. But without the money from the dowry, we would all have died."
Zeinab, whose henna'd hands are also covered with her own inky teenage doodles, wears a tight-fitting headscarf and a long, drab skirt. Underneath are a pair of trousers with a spray of coloured rhinestones at the bottom, and an iron will. She wants to be an English teacher. She wants to finish school. She does not want to be married.
"I want something different to this," she said, as her 2-year-old nephew rolled naked in the sand and his baby brother cried weakly.
Weighed against Zeinab's dreams were the lives of 20 nieces and nephews, the sons and daughters of her three elder sisters, all married young and all widowed or divorced. There was also her careworn older brother, her gap-toothed younger sister and her middle-aged parents.
Once the family had cows and goats and three donkeys that they hired out with carts for transport. But the animals died around them and Zeinab became their only hope of escape.
For a month, she refused, withdrawing into herself and running away when they forgot to lock her in her room. Finally, faced with her family's overwhelming need, Zeinab relented.
"We didn't want to force her," her mother said wearily, worry lines etched into her forehead as her daughter sat stony-faced beside her. "I could not sleep for stress. My eyes were so tired I could not thread a needle."
THE MARRIAGE
The dowry was received, the marriage celebrated, and union consummated. Zeinab stayed three days and ran away.
When her family hired cars to drive them the 40 kilometres to Dollow, Zeinab went with them. She enrolled in the local school, where stick walls topped by corrugated iron sheets serve as classrooms for 10 teachers and around 500 students.
Her husband followed.
"He says, if the girl refuses me I must get my money back. Or I will take her by force," Zeinab said quietly. "He sends me messages saying give me the money or I will be with you as your husband."
Her family cannot repay even a fraction of the dowry. Their only assets are their two stained foam mattresses, three cooking pots and the orange tarpaulin that covers their makeshift dome. There is nothing else to sell.
Then Zeinab's English teacher Abdiweli Mohammed Hersi decided to step in. Hersi has seen hundreds of students drop out due to the drought.
One girl left to work as a maid to help feed her family. Her generation was the first where the daughters were sent to school. A boy sickened and died; cholera has exploded throughout Somalia as the bacteria infects dwindling water supplies.
Five girls this year also left for forced or early marriages, Hersi said. Young, reluctant brides are not unheard of in Somalia, but they are less common in good times, he said, at least in Dollow.
"Before the drought, the cases were less," he said, an inflatable globe hanging from the ceiling of his classroom. "Some parents do give their children to other men to get that money."
THE END
No one knows how many families are making choices like Zeinab's.
"While we don't yet have firm data, we understand from some reports that the numbers are small but increasing, particularly in the south and central regions," said Jean Lokenga, chief of Child Protection for the United Nations Children's Fund in Somalia.
Other aid groups said most drought-stricken families are too poor to pay dowries after their animals died. None knew of a programme to help girls like Zeinab.
Hersi took Zeinab to a local aid group, who took her to Italian aid group Cooperazione Internazionale. The regional coordinator, visiting on a trip with EU donors, decided to intervene.
"We must do something for this girl," said Deka Warsame, pouring tea for colleagues gathered to hear the story as the call to prayer sounded through the rooftops. "Otherwise it will be a rape every night."
Her staff held a collection and came up with enough cash to repay the dowry. Warsame told Zeinab the group would mediate a meeting between the men of the two families. Her husband would get back his money if he divorced her in front of witnesses.
Zeinab's dark eyes flicked up from the floor.
"Will I be free?" she asked.
(Editing by Peter Graff)
"It starts with me," Brady said. "I've got to throw the ball better."
The Dolphins sacked him twice and broke up seven passes.
"We were trying to keep them a little bit off balance," Gase said. "The guys did a good job of playing team defence. It really starts with our front. They just played well together."
Brady went 24 for 43 for 233 yards and one touchdown. New England was 0 for 11 on third down.
HEAVY LOAD
Kenyan Drake ran for 26 yards on his first carry for Miami and kept going. He finished with 114 yards rushing to top the 100 mark for the second consecutive game, and added 79 receiving.
"We saw him running past linebackers, and he breaks tackles in the hole," quarterback Jay Cutler said. "He's becoming one of those complete backs you can do a lot with."
Drake has emerged as Miami's workhorse back following the midseason trade of Jay Ajayi to Philadelphia.
STOUT RUN Defence
The Patriots ran for 196 yards to beat the Dolphins in Week 12. In the rematch, Miami allowed only 25 yards on 10 carries.
"Two weeks ago they were a lot more physical than us," defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh said. "We wanted to play to the whistle and impose our will."
The Patriots totalled 248 yards in their worst effort since Week 17 of the 2015 season — also a loss at Miami.
SHUTDOWN CORNER
Howard now has four career interceptions, all in the past two weeks. He also broke up three throws by Brady.
"We knew what we could take advantage of," the second-year pro said. "I just wanted to go out there and make big plays for the team."
COMING UP
If the Patriots weren't looking ahead to the Steelers before the loss, they were immediately afterward. Pittsburgh (11-2) leads by one game in the race for the best AFC record.
"We can't go up there and play as poorly as we did tonight," Brady said. "We have to do a lot of things better."
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Steven Wine, The Associated Press
Feb 2(Reuters) - AVIC Aviation High Technology Co Ltd
* Says co plans to invest 45 million yuan to set up a Beijing-based aviation connection technology and assembly technology related JV with AviChina Industry & Technology Co Ltd , AVIC Manufacturing Technology Institute and limited partnership
* Says registered capital of the JV is 250 million yuan
* Says co will hold 18 percent stake in the JV
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/A4mWw8
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Norway's new home sales down 9 pct yr/yr in May
OSLO, June 15 The sale of new Norwegian homes fell by 9 percent year-on-year in May while housing starts fell by 5 percent, the Norwegian Home Builders' Association (NHBA) said on Thursday.
FILE PHOTO: The Barclays headquarters building is seen in the Canary Wharf business district of London, Britain February 6, 2013. REUTERS/Neil Hall/File Photo
LONDON Two former junior Barclays (BARC.L) traders have been unanimously acquitted by a London jury of conspiring to rig Libor benchmark interest rates in a blow to the UK Serious Fraud Office (SFO).
Ryan Reich, a 35-year-old American, and Greek national Stylianos Contogoulas, 45, walked free after their second trial on a single charge of conspiracy to defraud. The first jury to examine their case could not reach a verdict last year, although four Barclays co-defendants were jailed.
The verdicts in London's fourth Libor trial bring to eight the number of defendants cleared in a five-year criminal inquiry into whether bankers were dishonest when they manipulated benchmark rates up to 12 years ago. Five have been convicted.
The jury found Reich not guilty within hours of being sent to consider its verdict on Wednesday after a six-week trial. Reporting restrictions were imposed until Contogoulas was acquitted on Thursday.
Reich, who came to Southwark Crown Court to support Contogoulas, said he was saddened it had taken eight years to prove that, as a 24-year-old trader, he had done his job honestly, appropriately and according to the rules at the time.
"I cannot help but note that this trial was the first time that any jury has actually been asked to consider whether as a matter of fact any trader deliberately broke the rules or caused false Libor (rates) to be submitted," he said in a nod to the judge's directions to the jury.
Standing on Southwark Crown Court's steps, Contogoulas said simply: "I just want to go home to my wife and kids."
Jurors stepped up to shake his hand. "If you see Reich, wish him well," said one.
SFO prosecutor Emma Deacon declined to comment. The SFO noted the acquittals in a brief statement.
CHEQUERED HIT RATE
Barclays was the first of 11 banks and brokerages to pay hefty fines for Libor-related misconduct in 2012, sparking a political backlash that forced out senior executives including former CEO Bob Diamond, prompted the SFO investigation and brought in new laws to criminalise rate rigging.
Some lawyers say the unpredictable nature of criminal prosecutions and the English jury trial system means the SFO, which has been dogged by speculation that Prime Minister Theresa May might merge it into a national crime-fighting body, should not be judged by its latest loss or win.
The agency has been praised by some lawmakers for clinching a handful of corporate plea deals that include a 671 million pound deferred prosecution agreement with Rolls-Royce (RR.L) over widespread bribery in January.
But Jonathan Pickworth, a lawyer at White & Case which was not involved in the case, said the speedy acquittal "tells us all we need to know about what the jury thought of the prosecution case".
The SFO had alleged Reich and Contogoulas plotted with other Barclays staff between June 2005 and September 2007 to skew Libor (London interbank offered rate), a benchmark for rates on around $450 trillion of financial contracts and loans worldwide.
The jury was presented with computer messages that Reich and Contogoulas sent to the bank's Libor submitters, responsible for sending the bank's daily cost of borrowing estimates to the banking industry association that administered Libor at the time, requesting preferential rates.
But the men denied dishonesty, arguing that their bosses had condoned such requests, that they had communicated openly and that banks had commonly submitted rates with a commercial bias - a practice tolerated by senior industry figures at the time.
Reich told the court that it was only at his trial, some 10 years after the events, that he was told Libor submitters were not allowed to take financial interests into consideration.
During the trial the SFO's only banking industry expert admitted he had broken court rules by sending texts and emails to contacts, while giving evidence in court, to check he was answering basic questions correctly.
Prosecution witness John Ewan, the former Libor manager of the British Bankers' Association that oversaw Libor, also conceded that a bank did not break Libor rules at the time if it submitted any rate within a permissible market range.
Matthew Frankland, a lawyer at Byrne and Partners who acted for one of the former Barclays bankers convicted last year, said he was "actively considering" whether new disclosures in the retrial might prompt a fresh appeal.
The verdicts mark an end to the SFO's current Libor trials. But it has also charged five men and one woman with conspiracy to defraud in connection with an investigation into the setting of Euribor, a Brussels-based euro benchmark. The six, who deny wrongdoing, are due to stand trial in September.
(Editing by Rachel Armstrong and Greg Mahlich)
April 19 Sun Capital Management Corp
* Says TRANG BIOMASS, which is a SPC of sub-subsidiary SUN BIOMASS PTE.LTD., acquired property located in Trang, Thailand for 50 million baht on April 19, for setting up biomass fuel manufacturing facility
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/q3TljI
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Writes through to change the source of information, adds details, context)
By Polina Devitt
MOSCOW, April 6 Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) is investigating the Moscow office of Alrosa , the world's biggest diamond miner, in relation to non-core asset sales between 2011 and 2013, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.
The state-controlled Russian firm, which is the world's largest producer of rough diamonds in carat terms, and the FSB both declined to comment, while the source did not provide any further details.
Together with Anglo American's De Beers, Alrosa produces about half the world's rough diamonds.
Alrosa divested several non-core assets between 2011 and 2013, including selling a 51 percent stake in Timir iron ore project to Evraz, a major Russian steelmaker. It also agreed to sell its gas assets to Russian oil giant Rosneft , but the two sides later failed to agree on the price.
The deals were done under former Alrosa Chief Executive Fyodor Andreev, who held the post between 2009-2014 but died in 2015 after a long-term illness.
Alrosa's shares were down 0.8 percent at 91.4 roubles per share by 1414 GMT compared with a 0.1 percent decline of the broader MICEX index.
Its shares touched 90.5 roubles earlier on Thursday when Interfax news agency cited a source as saying law enforcement officials were removing documents from Alrosa's Moscow office following a request from investigators in Russia's far eastern Yakutia region, where its main production assets are based.
Russia's Investigative Committee and its local office in Yakutia were not available for immediate comment.
The federal government and Yakutia, together with its districts, each hold 33 percent of Alrosa's shares.
The Russian government sold a 10.9 percent stake in Alrosa last year, raising $813 million to plug holes in the budget as part of a privatisation programme.
The state plans to cut its stake in Alrosa further to 25 percent plus one share by 2019, but the finance ministry has said no sale is planned in 2017. (Additional reporting by Svetlana Reiter; Editing by Jack Stubbs and Alexander Smith)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Stuck in traffic this morning on your way to work?
Well you're not alone, but it's costing us a fortune.
A new survey has revealed that on average, employees lose 29.6 minutes of work per week because of bad traffic on their commute. And that's costing the UK economy a staggering £203,846,153 a week, according to the survey by motorcycle insurance company Devitt.
The company carried out a survey of 2,000 commuters and found that it takes a good 34.2 minutes before we feel calm and in control again after getting into the office late.
In addition, 32.3 per cent of us try to sneak into work without being noticed if we're late, while 43.2 per cent would actually report a colleague who continually arrived late for work.
The research also found that almost 13 per cent of people have missed a job interview because of bad traffic, and over a quarter, (27.8%) experience 'biker envy' when motorcyclists cruise past us in traffic jams.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A nun holds a palm branch before the arrival of Pope Francis to lead the Palm Sunday Mass in Saint Peter's Square at the Vatican April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Pope Francis blesses with holy water as he leads the Palm Sunday Mass in Saint Peter's Square at the Vatican April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Pope Francis blesses with holy water as he leads the Palm Sunday Mass in Saint Peter's Square at the Vatican April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Cardinals hold palm branches during the Palm Sunday Mass led by Pope Francis in Saint Peter's Square at the Vatican April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile -
Pope Francis kneels as he leads the Palm Sunday Mass in Saint Peter's Square at the Vatican April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Pope Francis waves at the end of the Palm Sunday Mass in Saint Peter's Square at the Vatican April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Faithful gather as Pope Francis leads the Palm Sunday Mass in Saint Peter's Square at the Vatican April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Pope Francis smiles at the end of the Palm Sunday Mass in Saint Peter's Square at the Vatican April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Pope Francis waves at the end of the Palm Sunday Mass in Saint Peter's Square at the Vatican April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Pope Francis smiles at the end of the Palm Sunday Mass in Saint Peter's Square at the Vatican April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
VATICAN CITY Pope Francis condemned a deadly blast at a church in Egypt and said at a Palm Sunday Mass that the world was suffering from wars, terrorism and "interests that are armed and ready to strike".
Francis, who has not made any direct public comment on the current Middle East crisis, said the Mass as international tensions increased following the U.S. missile strike on a Syrian air base, which the Pentagon says was involved in a chemical weapons attack that killed 87 people. [L8N1HH07Y]
While the pope, who is due to visit Egypt April 28-29, was celebrating the Mass for tens of thousands of people, the Vatican received word of the blast that killed at least 21 people and injured 50 in a Coptic church in the Nile Delta.[L8N1HH05I]
"I pray for the dead and the victims. May the Lord convert the hearts of people who sow terror, violence and death and even the hearts of those who produce and traffic in weapons," he said in hastily prepared comments at the end.
The blast was the latest assault on a religious minority that has increasingly been targeted by Islamist militants, and there have been deep security concerns over the pope's trip.
Palm Sunday, the start of Holy Week that culminates on Easter Sunday, commemorates the day Christians believe Jesus entered Jerusalem and was welcomed as the messiah, only to be crucified five days later.
Francis, marking the fifth Easter season of his pontificate, blessed palm and olive branches in the centre of St. Peter's Square before saying Mass.
"He (Jesus) is present in our many brothers and sisters who today endure sufferings like his own: they suffer from slave labour, from family tragedies, from diseases," he said.
"They suffer from wars and terrorism, from interests that are armed and ready to strike. Women and men who are cheated, violated in their dignity, discarded," he added.
Before the U.S. missile strike, Francis said he was horrified by the suspected chemical weapons attack, calling it an "unacceptable massacre" of innocent civilians. [L5N1HD28P]
Allies of the United States have expressed support for Washington's actions, calling them a proportionate response to Syrian forces' suspected use of chemical weapons. But they were denounced as illegal by Syria and its allies Russia and Iran.
Palm Sunday marks the start of a hectic week for the Pope, who on Thursday he visits a prison south of Rome to wash and kiss the feet of 12 inmates, commemorating Jesus' gesture of humility towards his apostles the night before he died.
Previous popes held the service either at the Vatican or a Rome basilica but Francis changed the tradition to stress the importance of going to the poor, the sick and the imprisoned.
He has drawn ultra-traditionalist ire for including Muslims and women in a service previously limited to Catholic men.
(Editing by Alexander Smith)
BEIJING, April 13 China's March exports rose 16.4 percent from a year earlier, while imports increased 20.3 percent, both exceeding market expectations, official data showed on Thursday.
That left the country with a trade surplus of $23.93 billion for the month, the General Administration of Customs said, reversing a rare deficit in February.
Exports in the first quarter of the year rose 8.2 percent from the same period last year, while imports surged 24.0 percent.
China's first-quarter trade surplus was $65.61 billion.
Analysts polled by Reuters had expected March exports rose 3.2 percent on-year, after a surprise drop of 1.3 percent in February.
Imports had been expected to grow 18.0 percent, after a blowout 38.1 percent expansion the previous month.
Analysts had expected China to return to a surplus of $10.0 billion in March, versus February's $9.15 billion deficit.
China's economic data in January and February can be highly skewed by the timing of the long Lunar New Year holidays, when offices and factories shut for a week or more. (Reporting by Min Zhang and Elias Glenn; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Drug company Innoviva Inc said on Thursday it would undertake a review of its costs, including executive compensation following pressure from activist investor Sarissa Capital Management LP.
The news comes two weeks after hedge fund Sarissa Capital called for a sharp cut in the compensation of Innoviva's chief executive and the board.
The review will be conducted by a special committee of the company's independent directors and is expected to be out by third quarter of this year, Innoviva said.
GlaxoSmithKline Plc, which has a 29.3 percent stake in Innoviva and is its biggest shareholder, said it supports the company's efforts to deliver significant shareholder value.
Innoviva has a partnership with Britain's GSK, and the companies submitted an application in November to market their new three-in-one inhaled lung drug for U.S. approval.
GSK also said it intends to vote for Innoviva's board nominees at the annual shareholder meeting scheduled for April 20. (bit.ly/2ocTHJJ)
Sarissa, run by billionaire investor Carl Icahn's former healthcare lieutenant Alex Denner, has lately criticized the drug company's cost structure as the two sides square off in a proxy contest.
The hedge fund, which owns 2.72 percent of Innoviva, according to Thomson Reuters data, in March nominated three directors to Innoviva's board.
Innoviva shares were marginally down after the bell.
(Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to his ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 10 Imex Systems Inc
* Imex Systems signs agreement with city of Toronto
* Imex Systems Inc says estimates that value of contract will be in range of $6 million CDN over a 3-year period
* Imex Systems Inc says is a 3-year contract that is effective from Apr 1, 2017 until April 2020 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — A woman in a mobility scooter caused a stir for drivers as she slowly careened between cars on busy Elvis Presley Boulevard and onto Interstate 55 in Memphis Friday evening.
Towanna Murphy caught the incident on Facebook Live as she tried to slow down other drivers and get the woman to pull over. She said later she was scared for the woman as she recorded it, according to WREG.
But the woman, who appears to have flowers and an oxygen tank on her scooter, kept on going through a red light at Brooks Road.
By the time she got on the ramp to I-55 north, other drivers began surrounding her.
A police officer was waiting for her on the interstate, but she attempted to evade the officer.
By 8:30, police at the scene strapped the scooter to the back of a squad car and drove away.
There was no word from police Friday on whom the woman is or whether she might face any charges.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
FILE PHOTO: The Luxottica owned brand of Persol glasses are seen in a shop in Rome, Italy, March 30, 2016. REUTERS/Max Rossi/File Photo
The Luxottica name is reflected in a pair of sunglasses in this photo illustration taken in Rome February 4, 2016. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi/Illustration/File Photo
MILAN The world's largest eyewear group Luxottica (LUX.MI) said like-for-like sales fell 3.5 percent in the first quarter, hit by a recently introduced policy of reducing discounts and promotions online and across its retail network.
The fall compared with a 0.5 percent increase in the last quarter of 2016 and a 1.6 percent rise in January-March last year.
Overall first-quarter sales at constant currencies rose 1.9 percent, broadly in line with expectations, as growth in Europe and Latin America was largely offset by weak consumer spending in the United States, the company's biggest market.
The maker of Ray Ban sunglasses said first-quarter sales totaled 2.38 billion euros ($2.60 billion), compared with analysts' average forecast of 2.37 billion euros as compiled by Thomson Reuters.
Luxottica, which is merging with the world's top lens producer Essilor (ESSI.PA) to create an eyewear powerhouse with 16 billion euros in revenue, is targeting low-to-mid single-digit growth in sales at constant currencies this year.
Including the impact of currency moves, first-quarter sales rose 5.2 percent, helped by the group's expanding retail network.
"This is not a particularly good set of results," said Luca Solca, an analyst at Exane BNP Paribas. "Overall top line growth is in line with expectations - but this result is supported by perimeter (Salmoiraghi) and store openings," he said, referring to Luxottica's move to acquire full ownership of optical chain Salmoiraghi & Vigano in late 2016.
Luxottica's revenues have suffered in recent quarters as the group introduced a new policy aimed at curbing online discounts of its biggest brand Ray Ban and cut ties with several independent distributors in China.
Chief Financial Officer Stefano Grassi told a conference call with analysts the new strategy had actually had a smaller impact on first-quarter revenues than initially expected by the company. He said like-for-like sales were expected to improve during 2017.
Overall retail sales grew 3.3 percent at constant currencies in January-March to 1.426 billion euros, while wholesale revenue was flat. In North America, where Luxottica makes nearly 60 percent of its revenues, sales fell 2.5 percent at constant currencies, countering a 17.4 percent surge in Europe and a 5.5 percent increase in Latin America.
Luxottica's soft start to the year compares with a 7 percent rise in first-quarter revenue reported by France's Essilor earlier this week, net of currency moves.
The Italian group said the second quarter had had a positive start and confirmed its outlook for the year.
Luxottica and Essilor expect to complete their merger, announced in January, by the end of the year after receiving a green light from various antitrust authorities.
($1 = 0.9189 euros)
(Editing by Mark Potter)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Celgene Corp:
* CELGENE CORPORATION COMMENCES TENDER OFFER FOR JUNO THERAPEUTICS, INC.
* CELGENE CORP - TENDER OFFER IS SCHEDULED TO EXPIRE AT MIDNIGHT ET ON MARCH 2, 2018, UNLESS EXTENDED OR EARLIER TERMINATED Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Morning News Call - India, June 15
To access the newsletter, click on the link: http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_06152017.pdf If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/india-morning/ FACTORS TO WATCH 9:30 am: AU Small Finance Bank Managing Director Sanjay Agarwal, NABARD Chairman HK Bhanwala to inaugurate bank's corporate office in Mumbai. 11:45 am: Steel Minister Chaudhary Birender Sing
INNSBRUCK, Austria — World Cup host Russia slumped to a 1-0 defeat in a friendly against Austria on Wednesday, extending its winless streak to six matches.
Russia has lost all three games in 2018 after defeats to Brazil and France in March, and has not won a game since beating South Korea in October.
Austria winger Marko Arnautovic set up midfielder Alessandro Schoepf for the only goal in the 28th minute, giving coach Franco Foda his fourth win from four matches since taking over from Marcel Koller in November after the team failed to qualify for the World Cup.
Russia plays Turkey in Moscow on Tuesday in its final warmup game before opening the World Cup against Saudi Arabia on June 14.
March 30 Alba SpA:
* Reported on Wednesday the final results of LEM's procedure to fulfil the obligation of purchase
* Reported 597,629 shares tendered, corresponding to 6.1 pct of Alba's share capital
* LEM and the shareholders who signed the shareholders' agreement on Dec. 1 will own a total 97.5 pct stake in Alba
* There are the conditions for LEM to exercise the right of purchase of Alba's remaining shares
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9314 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
BERLIN Germany should increase investment on education and broadband internet and not just on hard infrastructure like bridges and roads to narrow its current account surplus, International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde said on Monday.
"Excessive surpluses are to be rebalanced and there are multiple ways of doing that. Some of our recommendations to German policymakers is to increase investments in the German economy," Lagarde said.
Lagarde was presenting a joint report on global trade by the IMF, World Bank and the World Trade Organization. She, World Bank President Jim Yong Kim and WTO Director General Director-General Roberto Azevedo will later on Monday meet Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Lagarde said global trade has had some disruptive effects despite being a major source of growth, adding that international commerce must be supported and reforms should be implemented to address some of its negative impacts.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr)
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
BRATISLAVA, March 28 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Slovak financial markets on Tuesday. ALL TIMES GMT (Slovak Republic: GMT + 1 hour) =========================ECONOMIC DATA======================== Real-time economic data releases.................. Summary of economic data and forecasts......... Recently released economic data................ Previous stories on Slovak data.......... **For a schedule of corporate and economic events: here#/1C/events-overview ===================EVENTS======================================= BRATISLAVA - Slovakia's Central Bank (NBS) will update its quarterly growth outlook. Related stories: ===================PRESS DIGEST================================= KIA: Trade unions at Slovakia's automotive plant owned by South Korean Kia have agreed with the management on an average 8.8 percent raise in monthly wages as of this April, averting the risk of a strike, trade unions chief Miroslav Chladek said on Monday. here (Reuters has not verified the stories, nor does it vouch for their accuracy.) For real-time stock market index quotes click in brackets: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX Main currency report TOP NEWS -- Emerging markets News editor of the day: Jan Lopatka on +420 224 190 474 E-mail: prague.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com (Reporting by Prague Newsroom)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
AKRON, Ohio — Tre'Shaun Fletcher had 23 points, nine rebounds and five assists, Jaelan Sanford added 18, seven, and five, and Toledo beat Akron 55-36 on Saturday.
Fletcher and Sanford each hit three 3-pointers for Toledo (16-7, 8-2 Mid-American Conference), which had its season-high seven-game winning streak snapped on Tuesday against Ball State. Fletcher is the lone player in the MAC's top 10 for points, rebounds and assists at 18.6 points (second), 8.5 rebounds (third) and 4.2 assists (fourth).
The Rockets, who have won seven of their last eight away from Savage Arena, lead the MAC's West Division and Buffalo sits atop the East.
Toledo opened the second half on a 20-9 run — with eight points by Sanford — for a 19-point advantage.
Dos Santos International is now starting up one of two DSI GPS (Gently Pressed Sandwich) high angle conveyors for the Grand Paris Express tunneling project. DSI was awarded a contract to provide two vertical DSI GPS systems for H+E Logistik.
The DSI GPS will each elevate 800 t/h of tunnel muck at a 90° angle. The Grand Paris Express is the most ambitious new subway project in the Western world. The extension is a $25 billion expansion of the century-old Paris Metro.
A particular challenge of this project was the requirement to provide a versatile system that will be reusable in future projects. Accordingly, DSI designed a system with a high degree of versatility – particularly extendibility. With all the drive and take up equipment concentrated at the head end, DSI designed the vertical portion as a hanging structure which can be extended as necessary for higher lifts at future applications. The two conveyor designs are nearly identical, with only a small variation in the length of the vertical portion. DSI designed these conveyors for the possibility of increasing the lift to 40-45 m. The two conveyors in Paris are 24.6 m and 26.3 m and can be used for any intermediate height up to 45 m. This makes them very versatile for use at future prospect sites.
Generally, and particularly in tunneling projects, a recurring challenge is to accomplish the sandwiched, curved transition from the low conventional loading angle, up to the, typically vertical, high angle while conforming to the vertical radius of curvature constraints of troughed belts. This is something DSI understands well. Often transition curves are offered too tight resulting in premature failure of the belt due to edge overstress and material spillage due to the belt's relaxation at the middle. Dos Santos International has proven they can solve these problems without compromising the technology, performance and belt life.
The DSI Sandwich high angle conveyor continues to be an optimal choice for tunneling. DSI Sandwich belt high angle conveyors take on many forms and offer many advantages. Each DSI Sandwich Conveyor uses two standard, smooth-surfaced conveyor belts, face-to-face, to gently but firmly hug the product being carried. This not only makes steep angles possible; it also offers a spillage free, environmentally sound operation because the material remains secured between the belts. In this instance, the wet muck can be continuously scraped from the belts eliminating carry back.
A DSI sandwich conveyor is capable of higher conveying speeds and greater capacity than other high angle conveying methods. The availability of wide belts and hardware makes capacities greater than 10,000 t/h easily achieved with a DSI Sandwich conveyor. High angles of 90° are typical, and lifts of 300m are easily accomplished.
The use of all conventional conveyor parts ensures high availability and low maintenance costs, as well as interchangeability of components and fast delivery of replacement parts.
Dos Santos International is a leading authority on sandwich belt high angle conveyors, founded and led by the inventor of the system, Joseph Dos Santos. DSI was founded on its extensive worldwide experience in sales, engineering, and construction of bulk materials handling systems and equipment. This has included major contributions that have expanded the range of bulk handling and transport solutions. Most notably, advances in sandwich belt high angle conveyors have led to their worldwide utilization. The expertise of DSI spans a wide range of materials handling systems and equipment including high angle conveyors, high powered, high capacity, high lift slope conveyors and long overland conveyors utilizing the very latest technology.
RELATED: Robbins Supplies 100th Continuous Conveyor System
April 3 Egypt's foreign reserves have risen to $28.5 billion, the highest level since March 2011, a cabinet statement said on Monday.
It said Egypt had also attracted $17 billion of foreign currency inflows since the flotation of the Egyptian pound in November. The Central Bank allocated $23 billion to finance foreign trade in the same time frame, the statement added.
(Reporting by Dominic Evans; Editing by Eric Knecht)
March 31 Immobiliare Grande Distribuzione Siiq Spa:
* Morgan Stanley held a 5.373 percent stake in the company as of March 23, according to a filing by Italian market watchdog Consob
* U.S. investment bank also has an additional 1.252 percent potential stake in IGD relating to a share loan agreement
* Soros Fund Management held no shares in IGD as of March 23, having previously held a stake of 5 percent in the company. Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
* STOXX up 0.1 pct at highest since Dec 2015
* Oil index hits 9-week high
* Banks led lower by Banco Popular
* Imagination Tech's slump hits Dialog (Adds details, updates prices)
By Danilo Masoni
MILAN, April 3 European shares edged up on Monday helped by stronger oil stocks, while the loss of major customer Apple hammered shares in British firm Imagination Tech, also weighing on other tech stocks in the region.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.1 percent by 0925 GMT, following gains last week and steadying at its highest level since early December 2015. Germany's DAX added 0.3 percent and UK's FTSE was flat.
The oil and gas sector index rose as much as 0.7 percent to its highest level in nine weeks as investors turned more confident in a sector that has been the worst performer in Europe so far this year with a fall of 2.4 percent.
"The sector appears to be bottoming, with risk/reward skewed higher near term," analysts at Goldman Sachs said in a note, citing expectations that producing countries may agree more output cuts and a pick of deal-making in the sector.
The oil index pared some gains but remained in positive territory, up 0.5 percent, as oil futures moved higher.
In the sector, Italian oil services firm Saipem led the gainers, up 1.3 percent, followed by OMV and Lundin Petroleum, both up 1.3 percent.
Europe's basic resources index also rose by 0.4percent, as copper prices inched higher.
Banco Popular fell 4.8 percent, leading losers on the STOXX and helping make the European banking index, down 0.7 percent, the worst sectoral performer.
Shares in Popular fell after the Spanish lender said an internal audit identified the need of adjustments to its accounts with most of the adjustments related to doubtful loans.
"Another unhelpful development which does little to restore confidence in the balance sheet," Jefferies analysts said.
Outside the STOXX index, London-listed Imagination Tech slumped 60 percent after Apple said it would stop using its graphics technology in the iPhone and other products.
Traders said the heavy losses in Imagination also weighed on German chipmaker Dialog Semiconductor, which counts Apple among its biggest customers. Dialog fell 3.7 percent.
Broker Northern Trust says Apple's decision to ditch Imagination is likely a one-off, and any weakness in Dialog and peer AMS was a buying opportunity. (Editing by Stephen Powell)
March 30 Nankang Rubber Tire Corp Ltd:
* Says it was imposed fine of T$189,000 instead of T$2.7 million by Hsinchu County Government, due to its violation of Water Pollution Control Act
* Says the former announcement was disclosed on Aug. 26, 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ua7Wjz
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
FILE PHOTO: Ryan Roberts checks his soy beans to see if they are ready for harvest in Minooka, Illinois, September 24, 2014. REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo
BEIJING Soymeal, a chief ingredient in tofu, is set to provide rich nutrition of another kind: China is using the animal feed staple to blaze a trail in commodities derivatives, fueling its appetite for global investment hub status along the way.
On Friday, Dalian Commodities Exchange, one of four futures centers in China, will roll out a soymeal option, the country's first exchange-traded product of its kind in commodities.
The derivatives are designed to make it easier for the likes of traders, pig farmers and the companies who process soybeans into oil and feed to hedge price swing risks. Worth $7 billion, Dalian's soymeal futures are the country's largest agricultural market.
Fifteen years in the making, the soymeal options give holders the right to buy or sell a product at a particular strike price, and will appeal to another group - China's cash-rich speculative investors, who have piled into everything from eggs to iron ore in the past year, disrupting global commodity prices in the process.
"We have been trading equity options, now we will give a shot at this first commodity option," said Mo Qingping, investment director at ESFund Management Co, with more than 2 billion yuan ($290 million) in assets. One of its main shareholders is Shenzhen-listed investment firm GF Securities Co (000776.SZ), worth more than $18 billion by market value.
As the world's second-largest economy has expanded, and with it an appetite for everything from copper to corn, futures trading in China has surged in recent years and now rivals the United States and Europe in volume terms.
Dalian launched soymeal futures almost 20 years ago, but its foray into more complex instruments demonstrates the growing maturity of its risk management offering as China aims to play a bigger role on the global derivatives market. Beijing regulators are now considering prising open China's long-closed futures markets to foreign investors.
In an emailed statement on Thursday, the Dalian exchange cautioned it does not expect big volumes immediately, due to the complexity of the product.
Still, the potential is vast.
More than 17.5 million lots of Dalian soymeal futures, equivalent to 175 million tonnes of soymeal, have changed hands so far this month. That's more than three times the size of U.S. annual soymeal output, and on a par with Brent crude oil futures turnover, arguably the highest-profile futures contract in the world.
GROWING MATURITY
With 85 percent of beans crushed in China brought in from abroad, it makes sense for the feed and meat industry to want additional protection against price volatility, said JY Chow, food and agriculture expert at Mizuho Bank in Singapore.
"The global grain and meat market will gain in complexity and uncertainty, so it is good that Chinese market becomes more sophisticated - moving in parallel with the maturity of the industry," he said.
Guo Can, who imports soybeans and sells soymeal for a major soybean crusher in eastern Shandong province, has been practicing using the new-fangled hedging product on a simulated trading platform.
"We aim to get involved, but we will see the trading volume first," he said. "If it's quite active, we will buy in."
Friday's launch coincides with the release of the U.S. government's first estimate for grain acreage for the current season, one of the most widely anticipated reports on the agricultural calendar - and one which often roils prices.
This week, Shandong-based Luzheng Futures (1461.HK), one of 10 market makers appointed to ensure liquidity, was making final checks on its trading systems.
Even though he has handled options in other markets for almost a decade, Lin Qihong, investment director at the brokerage's option market maker division, remained cautious on the eve of the Friday launch.
"This is China's first commodities option product after all. We've got to be a bit careful," he said.
($1 = 6.8875 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Hallie Gu and Josephine Mason; Additional reporting by Dominique Patton in BEIJING and Naveen Thukral in SINGAPORE; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
MADRID, April 12 Antoine Griezmann's disputed first-half penalty gave Atletico Madrid a slender 1-0 victory over Leicester City in their Champions League quarter final first-leg clash at the Vicente Calderon on Wednesday.
The France striker was fouled by Leicester's Marc Albrighton on the edge of the box and referee Jonas Eriksson deemed the action to have continued into the penalty area.
Griezmann sent Leicester keeper Kasper Schmeichel the wrong way from the spot after 28 minutes for his 24th goal of the season, while Fernando Torres missed a good chance to double the hosts' lead after the break.
The result left the tie in the balance ahead of the second leg in England on April 18, as Leicester bid to maintain a fairytale run in their first season in Europe's elite club competition. (Editing by Toby Davis)
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole his design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BELIMO HOLDING:
* MARKUS SCHÜRCH TO BECOME THE NEW CFO OF BELIMO
* ‍MARKUS SCHÜRCH WILL SUCCEED BEAT TRUTMANN AS CFO OF BELIMO HOLDING AG, WITH EFFECT FROM JANUARY 1, 2019​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
by Curt Kovener
Newspaper headlines are meant to sell the story and prompt the reader to read it. If they can be they should be witty, creative, perhaps punny but above all truthful & accurate.
But sometimes in our quest to get you to read our story, headline writers try to sell you on reading the story but on second look, you have to wonder what they were thinking…if they were at all.
Here are some examples of editors getting caught with their headlines down; a bold-face botch with a red-face result.
•Grandmother Of 8 Makes Hole In One
•Veterinarian Testifies in Horse Suit
•Two Convicts Evade The Gallows; Jury Hung
•County Officials Talk Rubbish
•New Housing For Elderly Not Yet Dead
•Farmer Bill Dies In House
•Iraqi Head Seeks Arms
•Queen Mary Having Bottom Scraped (they were referring to the ship…I hope)
•Women's Movement Called More Broad-Based
•Antique Stripper To Display Wares At Store
•Meat Head Fights Hike In Minimum Pay
•City May Impose Mandatory Time For Prostitution (are we talking about employee benefits?)
•Stud Tires Out
•Planned Parenthood Looking For Volunteers
•Child's Stool Great For Use In Garden
•Judge To Rule On Nude beach
•Police Help Dog Bite Victim
•Dealers Will Hear Car Talk Friday
•Enraged Cow Injures Farmer With Ax
•Miners Refuse To Work After Death
•Juvenile Court To Try Shooting Defendant
•2 Sisters Reunited After 18 Years In Checkout Counter
•Killer Sentenced To Die For Second Time In 10 years
And in the painfully obvious department:
•Expert Says Something Went Wrong In Jet Crash
•Foul Play Suspected in Death Of Man Found Bound & Hanged
•Blind Woman Gets New Kidney From Dad She Hasn't Seen In Years
•Local Couple Found Slain; Police Suspect Homicide
•U.S. High Schools Require Some Study For Graduation
March 30 Sparta AG:
* FY net profit of 5.6 million euros (previous year: 10.2 million euros)
* Sees average five-year yield of the years 2013 to 2017 to be significantly below the value of the last five years (2012 to 2016) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 30 Subtron Technology Co Ltd:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 0.05 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute T$ 0.1 per share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/entzck
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Matt Zutell, founder of Coast Records in Charleston, SC, unboxes the Cloudlifter CL-4 in the first of four videos he'll be producing with Performer Magazine. Stay tuned for more in-studio footage and a full review in the weeks ahead.
Like this? Share this! Facebook Twitter Tumblr Pinterest
Commuters cast their shadows as they arrive to the Central Business District at the morning rush hour in Sydney July 1, 2013. REUTERS/Daniel Munoz
A man uses his phone to record a job add posted on a notice board at a backpacker hostel in Sydney, Australia, May 9, 2016. REUTERS/Steven Saphore
A cook from Brazil, identified only as Francisco, who says he will be applying for an Australian work permit known as a 457 visa, works in the kitchen of a cafe in Sydney, Australia, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/David Gray
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull speaks on Australia's citizenship test during a press conference at Parliament House in Canberra, Australia, April 20, 2017. AAP/Lukas Coch/via REUTERS
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull (L) and Minister for Immigration and Border Protection Peter Dutton speak on Australia's citizenship test during a press conference at Parliament House in Canberra, Australia, April 20, 2017. AAP/Lukas Coch/via REUTERS
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull (L) and Minister for Immigration and Border Protection Peter Dutton speak on Australia's citizenship test during a press conference at Parliament House in Canberra, Australia, April 20, 2017. AAP/Lukas Coch/via REUTERS
SYDNEY Australia and New Zealand have tightened visa conditions for skilled migrants in a bid to woo nationalist-leaning voters, echoing the United States' "America First" policy, but critics have decried the move as mostly political posturing.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Tuesday abolished a temporary work visa popular with foreigners, replacing it with a new programme. New Zealand also tightened access to skilled work visas, taking a "Kiwis-first approach."
The changes are likely to hurt small businesses and Australian tech start-ups, industry officials said, but both countries will continue to see a surge in foreigners.
Recent population growth in Australia has been driven by student visas, which offer a path for people to study, work and eventually become permanent residents.
In the six months to December, the country granted 156,453 student visas. This compares with just 12,866 of the so-called 457 skilled work visas approved in the year to September 2016.
More than 95,000 foreigners are now employed under the 457 visa, making up a mere 0.8 percent of Australia's labour force.
"This is just a change of name, nothing else," said Shamim Ahmed, a Sydney-based migration agent at AIC Education Services. "They cannot really abolish this visa, because it is demanded by employers."
The 457 visa has been axed with immediate effect, and replaced by two new visas with a shorter skills shortage list and a tougher English language requirement, Turnbull announced on Tuesday. Additional details are still awaited.
Turnbull, who broke the news on social media site Facebook, expects fewer entrants to Australia under the new scheme, he said in a radio interview on Wednesday.
"There will be a short-term skills visa for two years and it can only be renewed once. And then the person holding it has to go back to their home country," Turnbull said, repeating the "Australian jobs for Australians" rhetoric 16 times.
Another 4-year visa will have stricter eligibility criteria.
Opposition leader Bill Shorten has labelled the announcement "cosmetic" and a "con job" that will make no real difference.
"That's just shifting deck chairs on the proverbial sinking ship," he added.
In neighbouring New Zealand, the policy changes are expected to have a limited impact on net arrivals.
Opposition members were quick to accuse the ruling National party of currying favour with voters in an election year, without making reining in immigration numbers and unemployment.
"National's changes don't address the huge numbers of people coming here to do low-level qualifications or low-skill work," said Labour party leader Andrew Little.
A boom in new arrivals has helped the New Zealand economy achieve some of the strongest gross domestic product growth in the developed world.
But opposition parties and the central bank have called for a review of policies, citing low wage growth and soaring house prices spurred by the influx.
(To view a graphic on Australia's visa, click tmsnrt.rs/2oUrzig)
AFFECTED SECTORS
Australia's decision could upset India, its fifth-largest export market and the single biggest beneficiary of the 457 visa, accounting for one in four applicants.
Australia wants to boost two-way trade with India, which now stands at nearly A$20 billion, but its decision, just days after Turnbull visited the south Asian nation, could hurt ties.
India is examining the consequences of Australia's new visa policy in consultation with all stakeholders, a foreign ministry representative said in reply to a query.
"This is also a matter we will be looking at in the context of CECA negotiations," the official added, referring to talks for an economic cooperation pact between the two countries.
Leading IT lobby group NASSCOM said it expected limited fallout from the decision, though some firms among India's $150-billion tech industry could lose exemptions they had before.
"The occupations being pruned in terms of jobs do not really impact our jobs in terms of the ICT segment," said Shivendra Singh, vice president of the grouping, the National Association of Software and Services Companies.
But companies might face more paperwork, he added.
"Companies will...probably have to spend more time, effort and possibly money, also, to prepare in advance, and prepare on the ground, as well."
For Sydney-based Shamim Ahmed, the outcome of roughly 10 applications filed last month, mostly for Asian clients under a temporary skilled visa category, hangs in the balance.
"There is no clarity on the announcement, the details have not been published," Ahmed added. "This has increased our headache."
Businesses have generally welcomed the decision but some industries fear being on the receiving end.
Early stage start-ups will be hit hardest, said David Ballerini, a co-founder of restaurant discovery and cash loyalty app Liven.
"A shortage of relevant skills from the local market was the main reason to rely on 457s," said Ballerini, who employs such visa holders, chiefly for technology and product development.
"While there is merit to saving jobs for Australian-born developers, the community is small and technical specialists are few and far between."
(Reporting by Swati Pandey; Additional reporting by Charlotte Greenfield in Wellington and Sankalp Phartiyal in Mumbai; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Electric vehicles have proven themselves to be superior to their internal combustion rivals and are well suited for SVG and vincentians.
That's according to Energy Officer Leshawn Monroes of Promoting Access to Clean Energy Project (PACES), as she spoke at a workshop held earlier this week highlighting the results of tests conducted on an electric vehicle to determine its compatibility to SVG.
Monroes said given the data received it shows that these vehicles can adequately maneuver through SVG's terrain both in terms of to hilly topography and the winding nature of the road network.
Monroes added that in comparison to the internal combustion variants the electric vehicle is more cost effective than most of the vehicles present in use here.
The paces project officer took the opportunity to highlight a feature of the electric vehicles which improves its over energy use.
Katy Perry is backing a fundraiser for a young boy with a degenerative disease.
The 'Firework' hitmaker's heart was "touched" by the plight of six-year-old Carter, who is suffering from progressive brain disorder Sanfilippo Syndrome, which is often referred to as Childhood Alzheimer's and will see him eventually lose the ability to walk, talk or swallow, as well as have seizures and suffer dementia, and urged her fans to donate to a fundraising campaign for a clinical trial.
She posted on Twitter: " My [heart] was touched by Carter's story. If you're able pls help w/ his chance to defeat Childhood Alzheimer's. He's SO close to funding his clinical trial & I would love to see my KatyCats kick it over the goal & make that difference! I'm donating now too! https://www.gofundme.com/savingcarter (sic)"
A donation for $1,000 is listed on the page in Katy's birth name, Kathryn Hudson.
The youngster's parents, Jen and Samir, are aiming to raise $1 million in a month in order to fund the trial and, at the time of writing, they have received donations totalling over $983,000.
On the GoFundMe page, Carter's mom wrote: I'm Jen, Carter's Mom. My son is dying. There's no other way to say it. My beautiful, perfect little boy...is dying. As I lay him down to sleep each night, my tears overflow, and a deep aching is in my heart at the reality of losing my child. There is only ONE THING that can change his fate, and we are asking for your help. We are asking you to help save Carter. ..
"At age 6, Carter is starting to show the signs of the disease. Right now he can still talk, some. He can still run and play with his big sister Sophia. For now, he's hanging on, but just barely. This campaign for his LIFE is as urgent as it gets. It's Now or Never for Carter.
"Our #1 goal is to raise $1 milllion dollars in 1 month, to give Carter his rightful chance at LIFE. We can't just sit back and accept that he's going to fade away and die, not when there is something tangible that could save him. The $1M will go to fund a clinical trial that can give him that chance.
"The love for a child is like no other.
""If you are a parent, you know you would 'go to the ends of their earth for your little ones.' We are asking you... will you please go there with us now, for Carter?(sic)"
"The more bodies I saw, I realized that I have to give an outlet for people to mourn — and express my own sorrow as well. So I just grabbed some supplies and basically set out this memorial."
It didn't take much to encourage others to write their own messages. When the posters were filled, Goulich says friends brought more, and then people started bringing their own supplies — paper, markers, flowers and stuffed toys.
He says some people have also left food and water for anyone that needs it.
"And now this grew into something very beautiful and very different," he says.
Meanwhile, about half a block away at her shop called the Secret Garden, Liu spent the day offering free flowers to members of her stunned community.
She estimates she's given out hundreds of single stems of roses, lilies, carnations and gerberas since the morning. The 34-year-old suspects many ended up at the impromptu memorial.
"We'd just like to help a little. We cannot do anything for now but we have flowers for the people working on Yonge Street. There are lots of people," says Liu. She has owned the store for a year, but the shop has been part of the community for about 30 years, she adds.
"It lets them feel warm and everyone can come together — that helps. I feel good after doing something like this. I think the whole community is really, really strong."
Alek Minassian, 25, has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder. Police said a 14th attempted murder charge was expected before the end of the day.
By Cassandra Szklarski, The Canadian Press
Peter Intraligi says the company's "thoughts and prayers" were with "all those impacted by this tragic event."
The company had earlier issued a statement saying two of its employees were affected.
A new statement from Intraligi says "I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to her injuries." He added: "Out of respect for her and her family, we will not be providing any further comments."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
___
8:55 a.m.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says authorities see no national security element in the seeming attack on pedestrians in Canada's largest city.
Trudeau says the incident "hasn't changed the overall threat level in Canada," though it occurred as Cabinet ministers from the G7 nations are meeting in Toronto.
Trudeau says Canada will do whatever it can to keep its citizens safe, while staying true to its values.
Speaking at a news conference Tuesday, he said, "We cannot as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
By The Associated Press
WASHINGTON, April 12 U.S. President Donald Trump, whose attempt to push through legislation to repeal Obamacare failed last month, said tax reform would be easier to pass than a healthcare measure.
"Tax reform is going to be tough but it won't be as tough as healthcare," Trump said in an interview with Fox Business Network aired on Wednesday. (Reporting by Washington Newsroom; Editing by David Alexander)
April 12 VMware Inc
* VMware to acquire WaveFront to accelerate delivery of its cross-cloud management services
* VMware says terms were not disclosed.
* VMware Inc- VMware does not expect the transaction to have a material impact on its FY18 operating results Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Football Soccer - Premier League - Watford vs Liverpool - Watford, Britain - August 12, 2017 Watford's Miguel Britos celebrates scoring their third goal with Tom Cleverley
Aug 12 (Reuters) - WATFORD 3 LIVERPOOL 3
Liverpool showed familiar defensive weaknesses after conceding a trio of soft goals including a stoppage-time equaliser in an absorbing 3-3 Premier League draw at Watford on Saturday.
Defender Miguel Britos bundled the ball home at the death after Liverpool had come from 1-0 and 2-1 down to lead 3-2 thanks to a three-minute blitz in the second half, when new signing Mohamed Salah made an impact.
Former Chelsea winger Salah, who joined Liverpool from AS Roma during the close season, won a penalty converted by Roberto Firmino in the 55th minute and then bundled in the Brazilian's lofted pass from close range.
But the visitors were punished for sloppy defending and missing a string of chances as Britos popped up at the near post to delight the home fans at Vicarage Road, leaving Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp blaming the officials and bad luck.
"The equaliser was offside. It's obvious because the linesman is on the line. He needs to see it," said Klopp.
"The first half I wasn't too happy with. We passed but we couldn't see what we actually wanted. The second half was a lot better but we forgot to close the game."
Having declared that the club's want-away Brazil forward Philippe Coutinho is not for sale, Klopp may need to strengthen his back four who looked completely at sea almost every time the home side came forward.
Football Soccer - Premier League - Watford vs Liverpool - Watford, Britain - August 12, 2017 Watford's Miguel Britos celebrates scoring their third goal with Tom Cleverley Darren Staples
Liverpool fell behind in the eighth minute after striker Stefano Okaka was left completely unmarked at the near post to head in a Jose Holebas corner.
Sadio Mane drew the visitors level with a classy equaliser, having started and finished a slick move which involved a double exchange of passes with Alberto Moreno and a deft touch by Emre Can.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Yet Liverpool were hit by another sucker punch just three minutes later, as they failed to clear a low cross by Tom Cleverley which left midfielder Abdoulaye Doucoure with a simple tap-in.
Liverpool appeared to be heading for victory after Firmino sent Watford keeper Heurelho Gomez the wrong way with his spot-kick and then chipped the ball into Salah's stride to put the visitors 3-2 ahead.
Yet they missed several good chances to put the game beyond Watford's reach and paid the price when a poorly delivered corner from the right caught them napping and Britos poked in the equaliser after a goal-mouth melee.
Former Liverpool captain Jamie Carragher criticised the club's defensive system and pointed the finger at their German coach.
"It's the set up from the manager," Carragher told Sky Sports.
"They concede the most goals out of anyone in the top six. Nothing has changed."
April 20 Modacom Co Ltd :
* Says 1 billion won worth of its 4th series convertible bonds have been converted into 146,134 shares of the co, at 6,843 won/share
* Says listing date of new shares is May 18
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/F9TKtj
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Combines S&P, ANC strands)
* S&P cuts rating by one notch to BB+
* Rand, govt bonds weaken on news of downgrade
* ANC top brass split over ex-finmin Gordhan's sacking
* New finmin plans radical economic transformation
* Opposition blames Zuma for credit downgrade
By James Macharia
JOHANNESBURG, April 3 S&P cut South Africa's credit rating to junk status on Monday, saying the dismissal of Pravin Gordhan as finance minister threatened a damaging policy shift, while President Jacob Zuma readied for a showdown with other ANC leaders over the sacking.
In an unscheduled review that prompted a selloff in South African assets, the credit agency cited the impact of divisions in the ANC-led government that led to leadership changes including Gordhan's departure on Zuma's orders late on Thursday.
"This has increased the likelihood that economic growth and fiscal outcomes could suffer," said S&P, which cut its rating by one notch to BB+ - its highest non-investment grade mark - and also assigned Africa's most industrialised economy a negative outlook.
Zuma's dismissal of Gordhan, widely respected in financial circles, threatens to split the upper echelons of the ruling African National Congress down the middle.
The move drew public criticism from Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, ANC Secretary General Gwede Mantashe and Treasurer-General Zweli Mkhize before Monday's regular meetings of the party leadership.
Zuma still had the support of Chairwoman Baleka Mbete and Deputy Secretary-General Jessie Duarte, marking a straight split among the party's "Top Six" leaders, sources said.
Spokesman Zizi Kodwa said the party's National Working Committee would meet on Tuesday before a decision was taken on how to handle the fallout from the sacking of Gordhan.
"The ANC must remain and it must emerge stronger than it was last week," Kodwa said.
New Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba said earlier on Monday he had spoken to the ratings agencies, and informed them he would maintain Pretoria's current fiscal stance.
His appointment hit an already weak rand currency.
The currency has fallen 11.5 percent since last Monday, when Zuma ordered Gordhan to return home "immediately" from an investor roadshow abroad, and it fell by as much as a further 2 percent to the dollar after the downgrade. Government bonds also fell sharply.
"We will be working closely with S&P's to ensure the issues they are raising are dealt with," Gigaba's spokesman, Mayihlome Tshwete said. "We will assure them that although the political environment is a bit concerning, we should be clear that we have all agreed to the same policy direction."
Gigaba, said on Monday he would pursue "tough and unpopular choices" to oversee growth and a redistribution of wealth to the black majority through radical economic transformation, a stance echoing recent comments by Zuma.
NO EASY ANSWERS
Gigaba has so far given no details of how the transformation would be carried out.
It is unlikely to be easy in a divided ANC and with the economy expected to take a hit after Zuma's cabinet reshuffle unsettled investors.
The opposition leader Mmusi Maimane, head of the Democratic Alliance, blamed Zuma for the downgrade.
"Zuma has just ended the chances of South Africans to create and find work," Maimane said on his Twitter feed. "We should all downgrade him #ZumaMustGo."
Maimane has called for a no-confidence vote against Zuma and a protest march on Friday in the commercial hub of Johannesburg.
South Africa has been facing the risk of being downgraded to junk status due to weak growth and the political upheavals after it got a reprieve last year.
S&P's move will lead to a rise in projected debt-servicing costs of 144 billion rand ($11 billion) in the 2016/17 fiscal year.
That will mean less money for critical services such as housing, education and sanitation, which could incite even more protests over service delivery that have already rocked towns across the country.
South Africa's economic growth slowed to 0.3 percent in 2016 from 1.3 percent in the previous year.
"The road to #JunkStatus recovery will be long & arduous. And it won't be possible with current policy and politics in place," political analyst Daniel Silke said.
"Today's decision was hardly a surprise," John Ashbourne, Africa analyst at Capital Economics, said in a note.
"The loss of the rating will bolster opponents of President Zuma, who will use it as evidence that his recent reshuffle is harming the country."
Moody's is expected to review its Baa2 rating, which is two notches above sub-investment grade, on Friday. Fitch, one notch above junk, is not bound by a timeline.
Fitch said on Friday Zuma's cabinet shake-up heightened political risk and signalled policy change, an outcome that risks the country's credit rating.
"This substantially raises the risk that Moody's ... could similarly downgrade South Africa," Razia Khan, chief economist, Africa at Standard Chartered bank, said. (Additional reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by John Stonestreet)
Following are match-by-match facts and statistics ahead of Tuesday's Champions League quarter-final first legs (1845 GMT):
Juventus v Barcelona
* The two sides last met in the Champions League final in 2015 which Barça won 3-1
* Barça are in the quarter-finals for the 10th season in a row
* Juventus have not lost a European match at home since April 2013 when Bayern Munich beat them 2-0
* Juventus are unbeaten in the Champions League this season
* Barcelona have lost two of their last three away games in the competition
* Barcelona have won eight of their 11 two-legged ties against Italian clubs
Borussia Dortmund v Monaco
* Dortmund host Monaco in the first competitive fixture between the two sides.
* Dortmund have only been beaten at home by a French side on one previous occasion -- Marseille in December 2011.
* Monaco are making their fourth appearance in the Champions League quarter-finals
* Dortmund are featuring in the last eight for the third time in the last five seasons.
* Dortmund have won three and lost seven of their last 10 matches in the Champions League knockout stages.
* Monaco have the worst defensive record of all the quarter-finalists, having conceded 13 this season.
* Monaco have not reached the semi-finals since 2004, when they went on to reach the final.
(Reporting by Brian Homewood and Ed Dove; Editing by Ian Chadband)
FILE PHOTO: A man walks by a bank machine at the Wells Fargo & Co. bank in downtown Denver, Colorado, U.S. April 13, 2016. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo
NEW YORK An internal investigation into Wells Fargo & Co's (WFC.N) sales scandal released on Monday found no evidence the bank had retaliated against employees who came forward about sales practice abuses, despite earlier media reports and lawsuits from ex-employees that claimed otherwise.
At least five Wells Fargo employees had sued the San Francisco-based bank or filed complaints with U.S. regulators alleging they were fired after reporting unauthorized openings of checking and credit card accounts for clients by bank employees, according to a Reuters review of lawsuits and complaints to the U.S. Labour Department.
U.S. prosecutors in San Francisco subpoenaed Yesenia Guitron, one of the highest-profile whistleblowers, in December to compel her to testify before a grand jury. [nL1N1EI14W]
The internal report commissioned by Wells Fargo's board and prepared by law firm Shearman & Sterling said on Monday that there was no systematic retaliation against employees who spoke out about the sales practices. [nL1N1HI0D1]
"Based on a limited review completed to date, Shearman & Sterling has not identified a pattern of retaliation against Community Bank employees who complained about sales pressures or practices," a footnote in the report said.
The review of the cases is ongoing, the report said, and has included files for nearly 900 ex-employees who were fired within a year after calling in a tip to the bank's ethics hotline or within a month of the bank disclosing in a $185 million settlement in September that employees had opened as many as 2 million accounts without customer permission.
In total, 5,300 employees were fired over the sales practice abuses.
Investigators found no evidence of retaliation in the cases of 11 ex-employees who were publicly identified as whistleblowers in media reports, according to the report.
Stuart Baskin, the lawyer from Shearman & Sterling who led the investigation, said the firm was still investigating reports of retaliation but that he did not expect the conclusion to change.
The report said Shearman & Sterling is completing reviews of nine employees who reported being fired after calling Wells Fargo's ethics line phone number to submit tips about unethical sales practices.
(Reporting by Elizabeth Dilts and David Henry in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
BEIJING PetroChina (601857.SS) (0857.HK) will consider taking part in national oil giant Saudi Aramco's initial public offering based on market conditions, it said on Thursday, the second Chinese oil major to discuss becoming an investor this week.
"Saudi Aramco has raised this plan to PetroChina," president and vice-chairman Wang Dongjin said on Thursday at a briefing following the announcement of China's largest oil and gas producer's 2016 results.
"I think we will make our evaluation and study based on the market situation," Wang said.
On Monday, Sinopec Corp (600028.SS) said the Aramco president had visited the firm and both sides would have talks on the IPO, which is expected to be the world's largest equity sale.
Wang said PetroChina was also in talks with Aramco on its Yunnan Petrochemical plant and about the possibility of supplying its enhanced oil recovery technology to Saudi oil fields.
"We are also having discussions on the joint venture Yunnan Petrochemical. We are making very active progress," he said.
Sources told Reuters in 2015 that Aramco was looking to invest $1-1.5 billion in its new refinery in the country's southwest. [nL3N1H13NV ]
The company expects oil prices to range between $50-58 per barrel this year, recovering from the multi-year lows hit early in 2016.
(Reporting by Gabriel Yiu and Raffaele Huang; Writing by Josephine Mason; Editing by Tom Hogue and Susan Thomas)
PITTSBURGH — Evgeni Malkin had two goals and two assists, Phil Kessel added two goals and an assist, and the surging Pittsburgh Penguins rolled past the Washington Capitals 7-4 on Friday night.
Bryan Rust, Carl Hagelin and Patric Hornqvist also scored for the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions, who won their fourth straight to pull within four points of first-place Washington in the crowded Metropolitan Division.
Sidney Crosby had two assists to push his scoring streak to 11 games, the longest active streak in the NHL. Matt Murray stopped 29 shots for Pittsburgh, which won its seventh consecutive home game by jumping on the Capitals early then pulling away late.
Alex Ovechkin scored twice to push his season total to an NHL-best 32 and Dmitry Orlov and Evgeny Kuznetzov also scored for the Capitals. Braden Holtby finished with 27 saves but gave up three goals in the opening 8 minutes of the third period before being pulled in favour of Phillpp Grubauer as Pittsburgh broke open a tight game.
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
(Refiles to make headline read "apologises")
By Brian Homewood
ZURICH, April 3 The governing body of global athletics (IAAF) said on Monday it had suffered a suspected Russian cyberattack which it believes has compromised information about athletes' medical records.
An IAAF statement said a Russian hacking group known as Fancy Bears was believed to be behind the attack in February and that it targeted information concerning applications by athletics for Therapeutic Use Exemptions.
The IAAF said it had contacted athletes who had applied for TUEs since 2012 and its president, Sebastian Coe, apologised.
“Our first priority is to the athletes who have provided the IAAF with information that they believed would be secure and confidential,” he said in the statement. "They have our sincerest apologies and our total commitment to continue to do everything in our power to remedy the situation."
TUEs are issued by sports federations and national anti-doping organizations to allow athletes to take certain banned substances for verified medical needs.
The IAAF said that data on athlete TUEs was "collected from a file server and stored on a newly created file".
"The attack by FANCY BEAR, also known as APT28, was detected during a proactive investigation carried out by cyber incident response (CIR) firm Context Information Security."
It was not known if the information was stolen from the network, the IAAF said, but the incident was "a strong indication of the attackers' interest and intent, and shows they had access and means to obtain content from this file at will".
Fancy Bear could not immediately be reached for comment.
Last year, the same group hacked into the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) database and published the confidential medical records of several dozen athletes.
Those included cyclist Bradley Wiggins, the 2012 Tour de France winner and Britain's most decorated Olympian with eight medals, who was revealed to have used TUEs.
Wiggins retired last year under something of a cloud after it was revealed he took corticosteroid triamcinolone for asthma, although he broke no anti-doping rules.
The IAAF banned Russia after a WADA commission report found evidence of state-sponsored doping. Russia missed the track and field events at the Rio Olympics last year and is likely to also miss the world athletics championships in London in August. (Writing by Brian Homewood; editing by Mark Heinrich)
May 3 Veritiv Corp
* Veritiv announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 loss per share $0.14
* Q1 sales $2.0 billion versus i/b/e/s view $1.97 billion
* Expect positive performance from packaging and facility solutions to help offset industry challenges in print and publishing businesses
* Integration and restructuring charges were $10.5 million in Q1 of 2017 and $7.9 million in prior year quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hebei Huijin Electromechanical Co Ltd
* Says Hebei-based wholly owned unit was recognized as high-tech enterprise and could enjoy a tax preference of 15 percent, from 2017 to 2019
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/tS4k6w
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Subscribe for full access
ENDS Europe offers individual subscriptions and bespoke corporate packages with prices starting from £763
For further information on how to subscribe or if you would
like to discuss what package best suits your company, please contact Benjamin Turek on benjamin.turek@haymarket.com or +44 (0) 208 267 4629. Or visit our subscribe page.
Or take a free trial
Take a 14-day free trial with full access to ENDS Europe website and bulletins
Start my free trial
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON A "massive and growing" mental health burden across the world can only be tackled successfully with a major expansion of online psychiatric resources such as virtual clinics and web-based psychotherapies, specialists said on Tuesday.
With resources tight and the global mental health system only serving around 10 percent of patients even now, specialists speaking at the European Congress on Psychiatry (ECP) said the web is the only option for signiﬁcant extra treatment capacity.
The World Health Organization (WHO) said last week mental disorders - in particular depression - are now the leading cause of ill health and disability worldwide.
Rates of depression have risen by more than 18 percent since 2005, the WHO says, and a lack of support for mental health combined with a common fear of stigma means many do not get the treatment they need. [L2N1H70MW]
Michael Krausz, a professor of psychiatry at the University of British Columbia in Canada, and a leading specialist at the World Psychiatric Association, said "E-mental health" should be a major part of the answer.
"Through a proactive approach we can create an additional virtual system of care which could build capacity, improve the quality of care and make mental health care more effective," he told the ECP.
Web-based psychological treatments such as online cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) have proven effective in several conditions including depression and anxiety. Krausz said there is also potential for online CBT to be modified for conditions such as post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
"Online assessments, web-based psychotherapies,... and online research strategies will significantly change the field," he told the congress.
Technologies like virtual reality and artiﬁcial intelligence can also be used in certain therapies for anxiety, and various online games and apps are being developed to support treatment of depression in children.
In another example, scientists at King's College London have developed an avatar-based system to help treat people with schizophrenia who hear distressing voices.
(Reporting by Kate Kelland,; Editing by Stephen Powell)
APRIL 24, 2018 — A consortium comprising ENGIE, EDP Renewables and Caisse des Dépôts, has selected the ABS Group to provide design verification services for the Les Eoliennes Flottantes du Golfe du Lion (EFGL) wind farm pilot project offshore France.
EFGL will consist of four GE Haliade 150-6 megawatt (MW) turbines, which will be mounted on the WindFloat semi-submersible floater from Principle Power Inc. in the Mediterranean Sea. Planned for a total power capacity of 24 MW, the wind farm will be located approximately 10.5 miles (16-17 kilometers) off the coast of the Leucate/Le Barcarès area in France and installed in 213-263 feet (65-80 meters) water depth.
ABS Group's certification scope will cover design basis evaluation and detailed design evaluation of the turbine rotor-nacelle-assembly, tower and dynamic cable. ABS Group will also provide an integrated load analysis of the entire asset, which will include modeling the floater and simulating and analyzing environmental conditions such as wind, wave and current, as well as the wind turbine and floater behaviors.
"We are proud to support the EFGL consortium on this innovative European offshore wind farm project, and one that strengthens our footprint in the European offshore wind business," says Torsten Muuss, Director of Global Renewable Energy for ABS Group. "This award is a testament to the confidence ABS Group provides our clients as a trusted advisor to the global renewable and offshore wind sector. We look forward to helping the consortium meet the required certification scope as set forth by IEC 61400-22 and the ABS Guide for Floating Offshore Wind Turbine Installations."
On November 3, 2016, the French Government approved the energy consortium's plan to develop and operate the EFGL floating wind farm in the Mediterranean Sea, with the ambition of positioning France as a worldwide leader in this high-potential emerging industry.
After high school, the twins shifted their priorities to focus on forging an independent music career that led to successful songs like "Walking with a Ghost" and "Back in Your Head" in the mid-2000s.
It wasn't until years later, after the election of former U.S. president Barack Obama, that Quin believes she was "re-invigorated around queer politics." She saw awareness of LGBTQ rights in the mainstream dominated almost entirely by the conversation over marriage equality in the United States.
"I worried that once that was secured no one would pay attention to all the other issues — and that's exactly what happened," she said.
Producing a mainstream pop album offered the sisters an opportunity to use the platform as a bullhorn for queer issues and LGBTQ causes that didn't have as flashy of a narrative as marriage.
While their identities didn't play an overt role in lush pop hits like 2013's "Closer" and "I Was a Fool," suddenly they were thrust into the conversation about queer identity — an opportunity they took on wholeheartedly.
"We can't judge everyone else for letting go of the fight, we have to keep promoting the fight," Quin said.
"It's not a phase, it's just part of my life."
After U.S. President Donald Trump was elected in 2016, they created the Tegan and Sara Foundation to raise money for various LGBTQ issues and organizations. Right now, they're focused on gathering donations to help send 100 kids to LGBTQ summer camps in the U.S. and Canada.
But despite the duo's activism, they've yet to write any songs with an overt political bent — whether it's about Trump or Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
"I'm not envious of people putting out albums right now because there is such a desire to be political," Quin said.
"I don't feel like writing political music because my life is so political. Music is where I go to retreat, not to go deeper into the hellhole I see around me all the time."
While Tegan and Sara have plenty of opinions about Trump, some which they shared when they launched the LGBTQ foundation, Quin said she believes too much attention is being dedicated to blaming the president for bigger social problems.
"To me it's not really about him — it's about humanity and what he brings out," she said.
These days, Quin and her sister are feeling nostalgic for another time. They're working on a memoir that will reflect on memories of growing up in the 1990s, before they embarked on serious music careers.
"Our childhood wasn't always easy," Quin said, "but there was something extremely cool about the time we came up in — the music, culture and specifically the group of people we were involved with."
They hope to pair the book with a podcast that incorporates music — though it won't be new songs from Tegan and Sara, Quin promises.
The sisters are on a songwriting break, at least for now, she added.
The hope is that'll give them both enough time to focus on charity work as they plow into uncharted territory for LGBTQ musicians.
"I love our career," she said. "We are in our own lane."
Follow @dfriend on Twitter.
By David Friend, The Canadian Press
(CNN) — Florida International University held a moment of silence Monday at 1:47 p.m. — four days to the minute after a pedestrian bridge collapsed onto a bustling roadway in Miami.
Classes resumed Monday, but the bridge's deadly collapse means life “will be far from normal,” the university said in a statement. The accident Thursday afternoon left six people dead and has rattled FIU, a public university with an enrollment of about 50,000 students.
“This tragedy hits home. We all had family and friends in the area, and we're shaken,” FIU President Mark Rosenberg said.
The $14.2 million bridge was built to avoid such a tragedy. Last August, a university student attempting to cross Southwest 8th Street, the busy thoroughfare alongside campus, was hit by a vehicle and died.
The pedestrian bridge, designed by FIGG Engineering-Bridge Group and built by MCM Construction, was designed to straddle 8th Street and connect the campus to the nearby Sweetwater neighborhood, where thousands of students live. The bridge was built using Accelerated Bridge Construction (ABC) technology, a method that is supposed to be more cost effective and quicker than other options.
The main span of the bridge, a 950-ton mass of steel and concrete, was designed to withstand a Category 5 hurricane, the university said in a fact sheet. The span was built alongside the road to avoid major traffic issues, and was lifted into place over the roadway on March 10.
But shortly after it was put into place, an engineer discovered some worrisome cracking in the bridge's north end. Experts assessed the cracking and declared the bridge safe on Thursday morning — just hours before the bridge collapsed onto unsuspecting drivers.
The cracking “does not necessarily mean that it is unsafe,” Robert Accetta of the National Transportation Safety Board said. An investigation over the coming months will determine exactly how the bridge failed.
Six people, including a student, a construction worker, and a father of three, died in the bridge collapse. The victims were identified as Alexa Duran, 18; Oswald Gonzalez, 57; Alberto Arias, 53; Brandon Brownfield; Navarro Brown, 37; and Rolando Fraga Hernandez.
Federal payments stopped
Florida Gov. Rick Scott on Monday ordered the Florida Department of Transportation to suspend payment of all federal funding allocated for the FIU pedestrian bridge, according to a press release from his office. The department acted as a “pass-through” for that funding. It will be withheld indefinitely, pending the completion of the NTSB investigation into the bridge collapse.
“Last week, the lives of six Floridians were tragically lost when the FIU pedestrian bridge suddenly collapsed onto SW 8th Street in Miami. Ann and I are heartbroken for these families and while we continue to mourn the loss of these individuals, we are also searching for answers,” he said.
“Today, I am directing FDOT to suspend all future payments of the more than $13.6 million in federal funding originally allocated for this project. Before another dollar is spent on this bridge, we must know exactly what happened. FDOT is working hand-in-hand with the NTSB in its investigation and until this is completed, all taxpayer dollars will be withheld.”
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
May 2 (Reuters) -
* ShotSpotter Inc files for IPO of up to $34.5 million - SEC filing
* ShotSpotter Inc says applied to list its common stock on Nasdaq under the symbol "SSTI"
* ShotSpotter Inc - Roth Capital Partners, Northland Capital Markets, Imperial Capital are underwriters to the IPO Source text: (bit.ly/2qvO4bU)
May 2 Just Energy Group Inc:
* Just Energy Group announces commencement of an at-the-market program in the United States for the 8.50pct series a fixed-to-floating rate cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred shares
* Just energy group-8.50pct series a fixed-to-floating rate cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred shares having aggregate offering price of up to $150 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
(Reuters) - U.S. cable operator Charter Communications Inc (CHTR.O) said on Friday its quarterly profit surged due to a $9.3 billion benefit related to the recent changes in U.S. corporate tax laws.
Charter's net income rose to $9.55 billion, or $34.56 per share, in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31, from $454 million, or $1.67 per share, a year earlier.
Total revenue rose 3.2 percent to $10.60 billion, helped by strong growth in its residential services business that includes video, internet and voice services.
By Radio.com Staff
Thomas Rhett's new record will feature a duet with pop star Selena Gomez.
Related: Thomas Rhett and Wife Announce Double Baby Surprise
“I took all of January and made album three, Rhett explains. “We cut 22 songs, which is way too many songs, and I think the next few months is going to be singing all those, getting them all mixed and then trying to narrow down which ones are the keepers.”
In addition to Gomez, the new album features an appearance by Rhett's father Rhett Akins, and Maren Morris, his duet partner on his current single “Craving You.”
One of EastEnders' former stars has said she thinks all the fun has gone from the soap, leaving it dull and dreary.
Laila Morse, who was loved by fans for her portrayal of dodgy dealer Big Mo, admitted she felt disappointed at the turn the BBC1 series had taken since the arrival of new boss Sean O'Connor in June 2016.
She told The Sun: "I still watch ­EastEnders but it feels like all the fun has gone. It used to make people laugh.
"It's not like that ­any more, it's just not got the kick in it that it used to have."
Viewers have complained of boring storylines and were unimpressed by January's bus crash, which lacked any of the usual consequences of a soap disaster, with only the unknown driver killed.
They were left equally cold by the axing of sisters Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell (Samantha Womack and Rita Simons) at new year and Simons later complained none of the characters were mourning her Walford alter-ego.
O'Connor replaced Dominic Treadwell-Collins as executive producer but Morse has not worked with the new showrunner as she was quietly written out of Albert Square in January 2016.
Morse said she had not officially been given notice from the soap and was still waiting for a leaving celebration after 15 years in the job.
She said: "People come up to me in the street every day and ask why I'm not in ­EastEnders any more than Big Mo used to make people laugh.
"All of a sudden my character disappeared and I wasn't in it any more, but I've never officially left the show - I've never had a ­leaving party or a present."
She added: "I hope Big Mo comes back.
"I like all the cast, they're lovely people, so it would be good to film with them again."
BERLIN, April 12 German investigators are looking into the possibility that explosions targeting a bus carrying players of soccer club Borussia Dortmund may have been carried out by Islamists militants, the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper reported on Wednesday.
It said a letter left near the scene of the attack on Tuesday claimed it was in retaliation for German military reconnaissance missions against Islamic State in Syria.
The newspaper also said that the letter might be a deliberate attempt by the perpetrators to mislead investigators.
The Federal Public Prosecutor said in a statement it had taken over the investigation and would hold a news conference at 2:00 pm (1200 GMT). (Reporting by Joseph Nasr; editing by John Stonestreet)
May 3 Pool Corp
* POOL CORPORATION ANNOUNCES ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION UNDER SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM, AN INCREASE IN ITS QUARTERLY CASH DIVIDEND AND VOTING RESULTS FOR 2017 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
* BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS AUTHORIZED AN ADDITIONAL $150.0 MILLION UNDER ITS EXISTING SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM
* POOL CORP -BOARD HAS DECLARED A QUARTERLY CASH DIVIDEND OF $0.37 PER SHARE, A 19% INCREASE OVER PREVIOUS QUARTERLY DIVIDEND AMOUNT OF $0.31 PER SHARE
* POOL CORP - $150 MILLION ADDS TO $46.6 MILLION REMAINING UNDER EXISTING AUTHORIZATION, BRINGING TOTAL AUTHORIZATION AVAILABLE TO $196.6 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TEPIC, Mexico, April 13 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - A team of scientists has taken a step closer to developing a vaccine for the potentially life-threatening Chagas disease, which is transmitted by so-called “kissing bugs” and has infected millions in Latin America.
Emilio Malchiodi, professor of immunology at the University of Buenos Aires, said a molecule engineered to contain three antigens had been shown in mice to reduce the number of Trypanosoma cruzi parasites that cause Chagas, as well as the amount of tissue damage they inflict.
The development could help cut the cost of a potential vaccine, he said. “Otherwise you have to produce three different antigens, and now you have to produce just one,” said Malchiodi, who led the research.
Chagas, which kills some 12,000 people a year, is caused by a parasite transmitted by the cockroach-like, blood-sucking triatomine bug endemic to Latin America that hides in the adobe houses with straw roofs lived in by many of the rural poor.
The World Health Organization says up to 7 million people, mostly in Latin America, have been infected by the parasite. Chagas is on its list of 17 neglected tropical diseases in need of more investment and research, which receive scant attention from pharmaceutical companies.
Malchiodi, whose team's work was published by Nature's "npj Vaccines" journal this week, said developing a vaccine was imperative as increased migration meant an estimated 300,000 to 500,000 people in the United States and up to 70,000 in Europe were infected by the parasite.
Charity Medecins Sans Frontieres says nearly one in three with Chagas develop life-threatening problems such as heart disease, cardiac arrest and intestinal complications, but it can take more than 30 years before chronic health issues manifest.
Laboratory analysis of blood samples is needed to diagnose infection, and while treatment can be nearly 100 percent effective for newborn babies and acute cases, it becomes harder to treat as the time between infection and diagnosis increases, according to MSF.
More than 100 years after Brazilian doctor Carlos Chagas discovered the disease, little headway has been made in developing new treatments apart from the drugs benznidazole and nifurtimox which are used today.
According to a study published in Nature last year, scientists at the Genomics Institute of the Novartis Research Foundation found a single class of drugs that can kill the parasites responsible for Chagas, leishmaniasis and sleeping sickness - tropical diseases that affect millions in Africa, Asia and Latin America.
Malchiodi said his team's work has focused on developing a prophylactic vaccine, but the next step will be to develop a therapeutic vaccine to treat the chronic stage of the disease. (Reporting by Sophie Hares; editing by Megan Rowling. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
U.S. lawmaker Scalise in critical condition after attack by gunman at baseball field
ALEXANDRIA, Va. Congressman Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives, was in critical condition on Wednesday night after he and three others were shot as they practiced for a charity baseball game.
Lockheed Martin integrates first modernized A2100 satellite
by Staff Writers
Denver CO (SPX) Aug 14, 2017
In a clean room near Denver, Lockheed Martin's first modernized A2100 satellite has undergone the important integration process of three major subsystems.
A team of engineers and technicians at Lockheed Martin has completed the integration of the company's first modernized A2100 satellite. The spacecraft, known as Hellas-Sat-4/SaudiGeoSat-1, now moves into final assembly and testing, on track for launch in the second quarter of 2018.
Built for Arabsat and King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology, Saudi Arabia, the satellite will provide advanced telecommunications capabilities, including television, internet, telephone and secure mode communications, to customers in the Middle East, Africa and Europe.
"We've modeled this activity in our virtual reality lab hundreds of times, but this is the first time we've performed the integration activity of our modernized A2100 satellite in a clean room," said Rick Ambrose, executive vice president of Lockheed Martin Space Systems. "Mating the scalable modules together in a precise method was a critical step for the program, and the team did an exceptional job."
This milestone on a modernized A2100 satellite sees the hybrid propulsion integrated with the payload module and transponder panels. Using a combination of electrical Hall current thrusters and liquid apogee engine, the propulsion subsystem serves as the structural backbone of the satellite and is essential for maneuvering it into its final orbit as well as keeping it on station throughout its mission.
The modernized A2100 builds on a flight-proven bus that is the foundation for more than 40 satellites in orbit today. Through an internally-funded, multi-year modernization effort, Lockheed Martin has enhanced the spacecraft's power, propulsion and electronics, while also adopting the latest advanced engineering and manufacturing techniques to decrease production costs and timelines.
There are five modernized A2100 satellites currently under contract to Lockheed Martin. They are designed for a host of missions and customers around the globe.
Greenbelt MD (SPX) Aug 09, 2017
Inside a large, black-walled facility outside Denver, NASA's Satellite Servicing Projects Division (SSPD) team successfully completed the latest testing of three rendezvous and proximity operations sensors used for satellite servicing applicatons and beyond. These sensors are needed for autonomous rendezvous of spacecraft, which is a vital technology for robotically servicing a satellite. ... read more
Related Links
A measure of factory activity in the U.S. Upper Midwest fell in April, retreating from its strongest level in over two years, but it still marked a sixth consecutive month of manufacturing growth in the region, a private survey released on Friday showed.
Marquette University and the Institute for Supply Management-Milwaukee said their seasonally adjusted index on manufacturing in the Milwaukee region fell to 57.87 in April from 61.77 in March, the highest since November 2014.
A reading above 50 indicates regional factory activity is expanding.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
End
-- Market volatility in 2016 put a major damper on corporate deal-making with many failed mergers and acquisitions. For instance, Pfizer and Allergan's $152 billion deal failed after the Obama administration tweaked tax rules that eroded the financial advantages the former hoped to reap. Merger and acquisition deals between Honeywell and United Technologies, Mondelez International and Hershey, Anbang Insurance, and Starwood Hotels also failed for one reason or the other.However, 2016 did bring cheer to some. The year saw some major deals sail through smoothly. According to Reuters, global M&A activity rose to $3.1 trillion through 16,194 deals, the highest since 2007.Mergermarket, an M&A tracking firm noted that October 2016, marked the peak of yearly M&A activity, with 1,362 deals worth $454.3 billion.Despite the political uncertainty, Brexit negotiations, Trump's presidency and other events, the market has done well this year. Merger and acquisition activity in India perked up this year thanks to a few multi-billion-dollar deals. Business Standard brings to you 5 important M&A of 2016Deal amount: $26.2 billionSector: TechnologyMicrosft said it was acquiring professional social networking platform LinkedIn in an all-cash deal for $26.2 billion. Microsoft will pay $196 per LinkedIn share in a deal cleared by the European Commission. The tech giant has also obtained all of the regulatory approvals needed to complete the acquisition. After the deal, LinkedIn will become part of Microsoft's productivity and business processes unit.The Microsoft-Linkedin deal marked the largest-ever acquisition by the former, after its $8.5 billion purchase of Skype in 2011. Microsoft plans to finance the deal primarily through the issuance of new debt. The deal has received unanimous approval of both LinkedIn and Microsoft's board.2.Deal amount: $10.9 billionSector: Oil & GasRussian oil major Rosneft, its partners and Essar Oil sealed an all-cash $13 billion deal announced in October, under which Rosneft and its partners will take over India's second largest private oil firm Essar Oil. The Competition Commission has given them the green signal. Under the deal, Rosneft will purchase a 49 per cent stake in Essar Oil's refinery port and petrol pumps. Netherlands-based Trafigura Group and Russian investment fund United Capital Partners split another 49 per cent equity equally.The remaining 2 per cent remains with minority shareholders after the delisting of Essar Oil.The deal has an enterprise value of close to $13 billion, including Essar Oil's debt of $4.5 billion and around $2 billion debt with the port company and power plant.About $3 billion dues to Iran for past oil purchases will continue to be on Essar Oil books.Sector: Telecom ServicesIn the biggest consolidation deal in India's telecom sector, Anil Ambani-led Reliance Communications and Maxis Communications, promoters of Aircel have decided to merge their wireless businesses to form the fourth-largest telecom operator in the country.R-Com will demerge its wireless business and transfer it to the new entity, while the standalone business will focus on the enterprise segment and data centre businesses. Sistema will continue to hold 10 per cent in standalone R-Com. R-Com's shares ended the day three per cent higher at Rs 50.Both R-Com and Maxis will hold 50 per cent each in the new entity.RCom's overall debt will reduce by Rs 20,000 crore ($3 billion) or over 40 per cent, and Aircel's debt will reduce by Rs 4,000 crore ($600 million), upon completion of the transaction in 2017.The merger ( https://mnacritique.mergersindia.com/ category/m-and- a/ ) transaction is subject to regulatory and shareholder approvals.Deal amount: $3.02 billionSector: HealthcareWith Max Financial Services getting approval from minority shareholders, the amalgamation of Max Life and HDFC Life is likely to be completed within the next 12 months.HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh and Max Group Chairman Analjit Singh announced a deal merging their life insurance businesses to create what will eventually be India's largest listed life insurance. Under the three-step merger process, Max Life will first combine with its parent Max Financial Services Ltd. In the next stage, the insurance unit will be demerged from this entity into HDFC Life. Finally, the non-insurance businesses of Max Financial will merge into group company Max India Ltd. The valuation of the merged life insurance entity will be around Rs 65,000 crore and will be called HDFC Life.The deal is expected to kick-start consolidation in India's lucrative yet crowded $50 billion insurance sector.Deal amount: $13.6 billionSector: ServiceMarriott International, in September, closed its deal at $13 billion with the acquisition of Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, bringing together its Marriott, Courtyard and Ritz-Carlton brands with Starwood's Sheraton, Westin, W and St Regis properties.In total, 30 hotel brands now fall under the Marriott umbrella to create the largest hotel chain in the world with more than 5,700 properties and 1.1 million rooms in more than 110 countries. That's more than one out of every 15 hotel rooms around the globe.According to a report published in, "Marriott, after the buyout of Starwood, has surpassed the Taj group to become India's largest hotel chain with nearly 18,000 rooms."Deal: $66 billionSector: AgricultureAgro chemicals and seed sector, Bayer and Monsanto ( https://mnacritique.mergersindia.com/ bayer-monsanto- deal-... ) announced a merger in September, where the former will pay 44 per cent higher price to Monsanto shareholders. Monsanto has a significant presence in India and has played a key role in increasing cotton output through its genetically-modified (GM) technologies. Shareholders of US biotechnology major Monsanto have approved the deal.Bayer had revised its offer multiple times before it finally clinched the deal. It first offered $122 per share, which was subsequently raised to $125 per share and $127.50. Finally, the deal was signed at $128 a share.The deal is expected to be closed at the end of 2017.
BULLDOGS 2 STEELHEADS 1
HAMILTON — Riley Stillman scored the winner and Nick Donofrio made 30 saves as the Bulldogs topped Mississauga.
Matthew Strome opened the scoring for Hamilton (33-12-6).
Michael McLeod responded for the Steelheads (23-26-1) and Emanuel Vella turned aside 23 shots.
---
FRONTENACS 5 ICEDOGS 3
KINGSTON, Ont. — Linus Nyman had two goals and an assist as the Frontenacs toppled Niagara.
Jason Robertson, Cliff Pu and Ryan Cranford also scored for Kingston (27-16-7). Jeremy Helvig stopped 36 shots.
Akil Thomas, Sam Miletic and Danial Singer scored for the IceDogs (26-16-7). Colton Incze made 34 saves.
---
GENERALS 8 PETES 2
PETERBOROUGH, Ont. — Kenny Huether and Domenico Commisso each scored once and assisted twice as Oshawa crushed the Petes.
Hayden McCool, Serron Noel, Nick Wong, Jack Studnicka, Renars Krastenbergs and Brendan Harrogate supplied the rest of the offence for the Generals (24-23-3). Kyle Keyser made 37 saves.
Nick Robertson had both goals for Peterborough (18-26-6) and Hunter Jones combined with Dylan Wells for 32 saves.
---
SPIRIT 3 FIREBIRDS 2
SAGINAW, Mich. — Mason Kohn scored the eventual winner on a second-period power play and Evan Cormier stopped 29 shots as the Spirit edged Flint.
DJ Busdeker and Ryan Stepien also chipped in for Saginaw (25-16-6).
Ty Dellandrea and Maurizio Colella had power-play goals for the Firebirds (24-21-4). Garrett Forrest kicked out 30-of-33 shots.
---
ATTACK 6 RANGERS 3
OWEN SOUND, Ont. — Maksim Sushko struck twice and Olivier Lafreniere turned away 21 shots as the Attack got past Kitchener.
Kevin Hancock, Jonah Gadjovich, Brett McKenzie and Cade Robinson also scored for Owen Sound (23-19-7).
Logan Brown, Givani Smith and Adam Mascherin scored for the Rangers (34-15-2). Luke Richardson made 38 saves.
---
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
By The Canadian Press
SEATTLE (AP) — Washington state has sued the operator of one of the largest immigration detention centers in the United States, claiming it did…
Q: Can I use cornstarch or flour in place of the potato starch in a veggie burger, or do I just need to buy some potato starch? If so, how can I use the remainder? Sauce thickener in place of cornstarch?
A: Both can act as a binder, but the cornstarch might introduce a bit of flavour that's not intended here. Potato starch offers neutrality. On the flip side, if you do buy a bag it'll keep for a long time.
Q: Some recipes call for brushing yeast dough with egg white before baking, while others call for egg yolk mixed with a little water. And I'm sure I've seen recipes that call for whole egg mixed with a bit of water. What's the difference in terms of results?
A: Egg white is nice and sticky, so if you're adding seeds to a bread top, they'll stay where you put them. Egg yolk alone is very yellow. I like to use it on savoury pie crusts. A whole egg is somewhere between, colourwise, just slightly golden. By the way, none of these options, alone, will change the texture of the top, but adding a little sugar to your wash will add some crunch.
In my kitchen where way too much baking goes on, unless I'm adding seeds, I egg wash with whatever I have left in a bowl. If the recipe calls for two eggs, beaten, after adding the eggs, I set the bowl aside in which I've beaten the eggs and later scrape every last bit to make a wash. If I have to separate eggs, I'll use whatever is leftover, the yolk or the white, add a splash of water and brush on the surface. I'm way too frugal; I hate to use up an egg just to wash the surface.
Q: Why do some recipes call for three teaspoons when it could just as easily ask for one tablespoon? Is there something I'm missing?
A: When the recipe breaks down the use of, say, one teaspoon's worth and then the other two, it might help you keep track of what's been used in the directions. Or maybe some folks don't realize that three teaspoons equal one tablespoon?
Q: I found some recipes for ramps compound butter online that suggested blanching them before incorporating it into the butter, and some just said to combine it all inside a food processor. Do you know which method is better?
A: Just whir it in the food processor, no blanching required.
Q: Is there a way to keep berries from sinking to the bottom of a cake?
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
CANADA STOCKS-TSX slips with financials, miners; Shaw shines
TORONTO, June 13 Canada's main stock index inched lower on Tuesday, weighed by slips among heavyweight financial stocks and losses for some base metal miners, while Shaw Communications Inc gained after deals to sell its data center business and buy wireless airwaves.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Tennessee Valley Authority:
* TENNESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY QTRLY TOTAL OPERATING. REVENUE ABOUT $2.5 BILLION, RELATIVELY FLAT FROM LAST YEAR
* TENNESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY QTRLY NET INCOME OF $288 MILLION, UP $186 MILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday.
LOS ANGELES — Firefighters kept a wall of flames from descending mountains into coastal neighbourhoods after a huge and destructive Southern California wildfire exploded in size, becoming the fifth largest in state history.
Thousands remained under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churned west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito, seaside Santa Barbara County towns about 75 miles (120 kilometres) northwest of Los Angeles. Much of the fire's rapid new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest, where the state's fourth largest fire burned a decade ago.
The blaze, which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings, burned six more in Carpinteria on Sunday, officials said. It's just 10 per cent contained after charring nearly 360 square miles (930 square kilometres) of dry brush and timber.
"We're still anxious. I'm not frightened yet," Carpinteria resident Roberta Lehtinen told KABC-TV. "I don't think it's going to come roaring down unless the winds kick up."
Forecasters predicted that dry winds that fanned several fires across the region for a week would begin to lose their power Monday. But the possibility of "unpredictable" gusts would keep firefighters on edge for days, Santa Barbara County Fire spokesman Mike Eliason said.
Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Containment increased on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the stubborn and enormous fire that started Dec. 4.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
"This is the new normal," Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. Brown and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
May 3 Managepay Systems Bhd
* Company entered into term sheet with Ancom Berhad to set up joint venture co to acquire electronic payment services in malaysia
* Term sheet is not expected to have any material effect on the earnings per share of co for FY ending 31 Dec 2017 Source text: (bit.ly/2qxIplG) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A Hucknall man has been jailed for three years and four months after pleading guilty to child sexual offences.
Christopher Cannon, 28, formerly of Goodall Crescent, admitted charges of engaging in sexual communication with a child, attempting to meet a girl under 16 years of age following grooming and attempting to cause/incite a girl under 13 years of age to engage in sexual activity.
Detective Constable Paul Allison, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “We're pleased with this result which shows how determined we are to tackle child sexual exploitation and to bring offenders to justice.
“Our advice to any member of the public who has information about suspected child sexual abuse - online or otherwise - is to contact police so we can investigate and, where possible, bring people to justice.”
Nottingham Crown Court heard on Friday, December 8 that Cannon had been engaging in conversation via social media with someone he believed was a 12-year-old girl.
It was made clear to Cannon that the person he was arranging to meet for sex was aged 12. Explicit sexual acts were discussed and Cannon asked for indecent images from the girl.
Unknown to Cannon the person he was actually talking to was the founder of a group whose members pose as children online to catch potential offenders.
On 23 July 2017 Cannon arranged to meet the girl for sex. He attended the Hucknall Tram Stop where he was confronted by the online group. Police were called and Cannon was arrested. The group also passed on information to officers.
Suspected incidences of online grooming can be reported by calling 101 or to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. If you think a child is at immediate risk of harm call 999.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Gayatri Sugars Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER NET PROFIT AFTER TAX 47.3 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS LOSS 26.6 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 689.9 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS 217.4 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Paul Thomas Anderson returns to form, after a fashion
Film | by Jorge Ignacio Castillo
Phantom Thread
Opens Friday 9
After the practically unintelligible Inherent Vice (which prompted me to start divorce proceedings against Paul Thomas Anderson's work), Phantom Thread comes as a relief. There is a story worth following, and across-the-board superb acting. But the hermetic qualities that have characterized PTA's work since Punch Drunk Love are still there, heightening the divide between him and the general public.
Ostensibly inspired by Hitchcock's Rebecca, Phantom Thread dissects the relationship between couturier Reynolds Woodcock (allegedly retiring actor Daniel Day-Lewis, in presumably his final screen appearance) and Alma (Vicky Krieps, Hanna), a simple woman stuck at a dead-end job… or so it seems. Very much at the top of his fashion game, Woodcock feels entitled to behave obnoxiously. He dismisses a lover because she makes too much noise buttering her toast (granted, it is kind of annoying).
Woodcock seduces Alma and turns her into his muse. But as soon as Alma moves into his residence, the dynamic changes. The dressmaker attempts to pull his fastidious routine, but faces resistance. Far from the wallflower he first imagined, Alma turns out to be feisty and very much her own woman.
For the rest of the movie we witness the twosome struggle to establish a workable balance in their relationship without giving up an inch. Alma becomes a convert to the church of Woodcock, and he's pushed outside his comfort zone in unexpected ways.
Much like The Master and There Will Be Blood, Paul Thomas Anderson's approach is meticulous and somewhat sterile. Far from merely a cosmetic element, costume design is intoxicatingly and deeply ingrained into the texture of the film (of course, Day-Lewis learned to make dresses before taking the role).
Praising Day-Lewis for his work is akin to throwing a pebble into the ocean. Regardless, the three-time Oscar winner is in great form here. A much more contained performance than, say, Gangs of New York, the actor fully inhabits the Woodcock role down to the velvety voice — which makes ordering breakfast an act of seduction. A recognizable kind of genius, Woodcock is easily exasperated, prone to bouts of depression, and believes his craft is his only purpose in life. This is the mountain Alma must conquer.
Day-Lewis' best sparring partner on screen is not Vicky Krieps, but Leslie Manville as Woodcock's sister, Cyril. A Mrs. Danvers-type, Cyril runs the house and the business, presumably at the expense of her personal life. Then again, PTA uses our knowledge of her “type” to subvert our expectations. I could have used more of Cyril and less of Reynolds blowing a fuse.
Because every ingredient in Phantom Thread has received painstaking consideration — the score, the period signposts, the dialogue — this is the kind of movie that benefits from a second viewing, particularly once you become aware of certain plot developments (four words: The Duke of Burgundy). I just couldn't bring myself to do it. Godspeed if you are up for it.
FILE PHOTO: The construction site for an elementary school of Moritomo Gakuen, an educational institution, is seen in Toyonaka, Osaka, Japan February 18, 2017, in this photo taken by Kyodo. Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS/File Photo
TOKYO A push for patriotic content on the ethics syllabus on Japanese schools is rekindling fears that children will be taught to take a less criticial view of the country's militarist past and a more submissive attitude to government.
The campaign to put patriotism back in schools has been a key part of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's agenda since his first one-year term from 2006, when parliament revised a law setting out the goals of education to include nurturing "love of country" and respect for tradition and culture.
That and amending the country's postwar, pacifist constitution have been key goals for Abe and many conservatives in his ruling Liberal Democratic Party.
The most recent flashpoint was sparked this week when top government spokesman Yoshihide Suga said schools were free to use the 1890 Imperial Rescript on Education, which also stresses Confucian values such as filial piety, as teaching material.
In the charter, Emperor Meiji exhorted subjects to "offer yourselves courageously to the State; and thus guard and maintain the prosperity of Our Imperial Throne coeval with heaven and earth". It was rejected after World War Two as having functioned as an incubator for militarism.
The pronouncement coincides with plans for government-approved textbooks that critics say paint a narrowly traditional view of Japanese culture, and a scandal over a nationalist private school with ties to Abe's wife.
Abe has denied that he or his wife, Akie, helped the school operator, Moritomo Gakuen, get a cut-price parcel of government land for the school, but has told parliament he shares Moritomo Gakuen's views on education, which include reciting the Imperial Rescript.
From next year, students at state-run schools will be assessed for ethics courses on their overall performance in 22 areas including "freedom and responsibility" and "love of country and homeland".
Advocates of the reforms deny they are intended to impose uniform values and stress that guidelines call for discussion to develop critical thinking.
"It is in no way a return to prewar-style moral education," Hakubun Shimomura, a former education minister and Abe ally, told Reuters. "It is only natural to love one's country, and to love one's country does not mean denigrating other countries."
BONE OF CONTENTION
Disputes over wartime history have long soured Tokyo's relations with regional neighbours Beijing and Seoul, and textbooks - which are even more heavily controlled in China and South Korea - are a frequent bone of contention.
China took direct aim at recent developments in a commentary in state-run Xinhua news agency this week.
"From relaxing (the) post-war constitution that bans its military from fighting abroad to ambitious overseas military presences, and now from the military to national education, the steps taken by the Abe administration reveal Japanese far rightists' attempt to revive pre-war militarism," it said.
Some domestic voices are also critical.
"Patriotism exists within each individual's thoughts, and it is totally inappropriate to evaluate it," Akira Nagatsuma, an opposition Democratic Party lawmaker, told Reuters.
"The lesson of the pre-war era is that a country where people forgot how to criticise committed a big mistake. We must ensure this does not happen again."
Lawyer Keiko Ota said there was a common thread running through the LDP's draft constitutional changes, the Moritomo Gakuen affair, and the government's classroom interventions.
"The prime minister and those close to him want to implant the notion that the individual should sacrifice for the sake of the nation," she said.
Since Abe's return to office in 2012, other educational changes include directives to textbook publishers to include the government stance on touchy historical topics including territorial rows with China, South Korea and Russia.
Changes in ethics textbooks approved in March are by no means the stuff of militarism.
In one case, a publisher swapped in a picture of a maker of traditional Japanese "wagashi" sweets instead of a bakery in a section on getting to know one's neighbourhood, while another replaced a jungle-gym at a park with a shop selling traditional Japanese musical instruments.
But critics say such changes seek to impose an exclusive definition of "Japanese culture" and foster narrow patriotism.
"More than actual content, we know this is part of the bigger picture ... so of course, 'wagashi' fits that picture," said Sophia University professor Sven Saaler.
More jarring was a decision announced last Friday to include "jukendo", a martial art based on bayonet fighting, among sports that can be taught in junior high schools, a step that one local governor tweeted showed a "nostalgia for militarism".
"The idea to include jukendo in middle-school sports activities is a clear indication that the current government is tilting towards more affirmative attitudes regarding Japan's militarist past," Saaler said.
(Reporting by Linda Sieg; Editing by Will Waterman)
Amy Winehouse's father wants her life to be turned into a musical.
The 'Valerie' hitmaker tragically died from accidental alcohol poisoning in July 2011 at the age of just 27 and, although there's already been a movie simply called 'Amy' based on her childhood, journey to success and passing, her dad Mitch would like to see some of her music hits used for an energetic stage production in the future.
Speaking exclusively to BANG Showbiz at the Amy Winehouse Foundation Gala, held at London's The Dorchester, on Thursday (10.05.17), Mitch said: "Yes, I would like to see a musical on her life. It is a great story to be told.
"Some of the documentaries that have come out before haven't even touched the surface. There is so much more of Amy for people to see and it is our job to make sure that people see what Amy was really like."
Asif Kapadia's documentary 'Amy' won the Academy Award for best documentary feature film at the Oscars last year and received two BAFTA nominations, but Mitch branded the film a "disgrace" because he believes it portrays him as greedy.
And his anger led to him deciding to make his own movie on his legendary daughter but he has admitted it's still a long way off being finished and ready for release.
He explained: "It is still in development but hopefully there will be more news soon."
Mitch still thinks about Amy "every day" and is devastated that she's no longer around but he's convinced she'd be proud of the Amy Winehouse Foundation, which works to prevent the effects of drug and alcohol misuse on young people, founded in 2011.
He said: "She is our daughter and we think about her every day. Obviously what happened was a terrible tragedy. The Foundation and music and the work we have done over the last six years encouraged by Amy is her lasting legacy."
A general view shows Germany's Bundestag (lower house of parliament) before the first round of voting during the German presidential election at the Reichstag in Berlin, February 12, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel's coalition will change the rules for the ceremonial post of doyen of parliament after it emerged that an anti-immigrant party member might qualify for it later this year.
Wilhelm von Gottberg, a member of the Alternative for Germany (AfD) who turns 77 on Thursday, would be the oldest member of the Bundestag lower house if the right-wing party wins seats for the first time in a Sept. 24 national election.
Current rules would give him the honorary title of "Alterspraesident" (president by seniority) and allow him to open the first session of parliament and make a speech.
But Merkel's conservative bloc and the Social Democrats (SPD), their junior coalition partner, decided on Tuesday that the post should be given to the longest-serving deputy rather than the oldest one, said Volker Kauder, the conservatives' parliamentary floor leader.
Senior SPD politician Thomas Oppermann said: "The inaugural meeting should be led by an experienced member of parliament, irrespective of which party the person is a member of."
The changes to the rules for the role of parliament's doyen, which has in the past been held by noted German politicians such as Willy Brandt, are due to be agreed in April.
Gottberg once wrote that the Holocaust was used as an "effective tool to criminalise Germans and their history" and said German refugees pushed out of eastern Europe after World War Two should have the right of return.
Kauder denied suggestions that the decision was taken because Gottberg is an AfD member, saying it was "a development of the rules we've had up until now".
Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble, a veteran conservative, is the longest-serving member of parliament. A Bundestag deputy since 1972, he is running again in September's election.
AfD deputy leader Alexander Gauland criticised the decision, saying: "The other parties must be very scared of the AfD to already be resorting to such tricks purely to prevent us from being able to provide the president by seniority in the next German Bundestag."
The latest Forsa and Allensbach polls show support for the AfD at 7 percent, its weakest level in those polls since November 2015. Bitter infighting, a drop in migrant arrivals and the nomination of charismatic SPD chancellor candidate Martin Schulz - who looks like a fresh alternative to Merkel - have hurt its fortunes.
All the other parties have said they will not form a coalition with the AfD.
The AfD has been rocked by scandal this year with senior member Bjoern Hoecke calling Berlin's Holocaust Memorial a "monument of shame" and denying Adolf Hitler was "absolutely evil". Reports have also circulated of another senior AfD member selling medals from the Nazi era featuring swastikas.
(Reporting by Thorsten Severin, Andreas Rinke and Holger Hansen; Writing by Michelle Martin; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
* Project may cost up to 6 billion euros
* Final investment decision could come by 2020
* Ministers to meet again in six months
By Ari Rabinovitch
TEL AVIV, April 3 European and Israeli governments gave their support on Monday to moving forward with a Mediterranean pipeline project to carry natural gas from Israel to Europe, setting a target date of 2025 for completion.
The planned 2,000 km (1,248 mile) pipeline aims to link gas fields off the coasts of Israel and Cyprus with Greece and possibly Italy, at a cost of up to 6 billion euros ($6.4 billion).
"This is an ambitious project, which as the Commission, we clearly support, as it will have a high value in terms of security of supply and diversification targets," said European Climate and Energy Commissioner Miguel Arias Canete.
Israel has discovered more than 900 billion cubic metres (bcm) of gas offshore, with some studies pointing to another 2,200 bcm waiting to be tapped. Along with the European market, it is exploring options to export to Turkey, Egypt and Jordan.
Cyprus' Aphrodite natural gas field holds an additional 128 bcm, and Cypriot waters are expected to hold more reserves.
After a meeting in Tel Aviv between energy ministers from Israel, Cyprus, Greece and Italy, Canete told reporters he believed the project would "meet all relevant requirements" to make financial commitment possible.
Israeli Energy Minister Yuval Steinitz said the pipeline could be completed in 2025. "But we will try to speed up and to shorten the timetable," he said.
A feasibility study has been completed and the next few years would focus on "proper development activities", with a final investment decision expected by 2020, said Elio Ruggeri, chief executive of IGI Poseidon, the project owners.
IGI Poseidon is a joint venture between Greece's DEPA and Italian energy group Edison.
"Our estimate today is for the pipeline to cost 5 billion euros to (reach) the Greek system and 6 billion euros to (reach)the Italian system," Ruggeri told Reuters.
The energy ministers said they would next meet in Cyprus in six months to further advance the project.
($1 = 0.9370 euros) (Reporting by Ari Rabinovitch; Editing by Edmund Blair)
HONG KONG, April 10 Chinese government debt futures got off to a slow start in Hong Kong on Monday as offshore investors, trading the world's third's biggest bond market for the first time, grappled with some operational issues and contract limits.
Only six contracts were traded as of midday, suggesting foreigners keen to access the onshore bond market from the financial hub will probably tread cautiously on concerns about stability in China's opaque credit markets.
China re-launched the bond futures market in September 2013, nearly two decades after a multi-billion-yuan trading scandal led to its closure in 1995 and volumes have exploded in recent months.
"Offshore bond futures represent a tool for bond investors to manage their interest rate risk, and for investors – in particular those without access to onshore - to express their views on the onshore bond market," said Frances Cheung, head of rates strategy, Asia ex-Japan at Société Générale in Hong Kong.
However, Cheung said the slow start was a result of some constraints such as a position limit of 10 billion yuan ($1.45 billion) on net futures contracts.
"We are still studying if we need to open an account in the exchange or do it via other institutions," said a trader at a Chinese bank in Hong Kong.
Unlike its equity or FX market counterparts, bond investors typically use swap contracts to hedge their interest rate risk.
And for those who use futures to manage interest rate risk, Chinese policymakers have recently allowed some large investors access to the onshore market for hedging purposes. This in turn has reduced activity in offshore debt futures.
At $9.5 trillion in total market size, according to Moody's Investors Service, China's bond market is third-biggest in the world, behind the U.S. and Europe.
Analysts expect volumes to rise only gradually.
Contract sizes for the bond futures will be 500,000 yuan ($72,457) each, with the last trading day for contracts will be the second Friday of the contract month.
While yields of onshore Chinese government debt are higher than what is available in the developed bond markets of the West and on most Asian markets, meagre foreign investor participation has reflected concerns over protracted yuan weakness and difficulty repatriating funds across the border.
In December, China's bond market suffered a punishing selloff amid concerns over a liquidity squeeze and a mounting debt load that had its origins in speculative and unproductive investments.
Last month, some of the world's biggest index compilers such as Citigroup C.N and Bloomberg took the first steps to including Chinese debt in their indexes, while Premier Li Keqiang has said China is considering linking the Hong Kong and the mainland debt markets this year. ($1 = 6.9060 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Saikat Chatterjee and Michelle Chen; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
Since 1994, Sogeti Labs provides insight, research, and inspiration through articles , presentations, and videos on devops tools, big data analytics tools & various other technologies that can be downloaded from our website.
Contact
Labs Sogeti
***@gmail.com Labs Sogeti
End
-- Paris, May 9 2017, Capgemini, a global leader in consulting, technology and outsourcing services, has been positioned among the leading players in Zinnov Zones for Product and Engineering Services 2016 Report.Capgemini is rated in the Expansive and Established zone in Overall, Mechanical Engineering Services and Embedded Systems, and in the Leadership zone for Aerospace, Automotive, Computer Peripherals and Storage, Construction and Heavy Machinery, Energy & Utilities, Industrial Automation and Medical Devices.According to the report, the ranking is based on Capgemini's strong Go-To-Market capability, as well as ability to scale in new vertical practices in R&D services to drive continued growth and a formal innovation culture.Zinnov assessed more than 35 global Product & Engineering service providers and positioned those in the Leadership zone who had "strong vertical presence, robust focus on end customers of customers, and ability to drive customer-led innovations.""To be recognized as a global leader across our key industry sectors is a testament to our rigorous approach for end-to-end product development and dedicated attention towards enabling a formal innovation culture", said Sanjay Salunkhe, Global Head of Capgemini's Product and Engineering Services. "Capgemini continues to invest in the next wave of digital technologies to help our customers build successful products and services in an increasingly connected world. As a result of combining engineering and software based product innovation, we are a trusted partner for global manufacturers.""Capgemini is among the leading players in verticals like aerospace, industrial automation, medical devices among others. The company's capabilities particularly in healthcare and IPs built in this space make them a forerunner in this vertical. Group synergies have helped Capgemini strengthen its leadership position in the product engineering space. A large client base, digital product development accelerators, IoT, Cybersecurity & DevOps frameworks consistently reinforce their position among leading players in this space and their ability to provide scale in India, Europe and the US gives Capgemini the differentiation,' said Sidhant Rastogi, Partner & Practice Head, Zinnov.Zinnov Zones is an annual rating report published by Zinnov which ranks service providers based on their competencies and capabilities.About CapgeminiWith more than 190,000 people, Capgemini is present in over 40 countries and celebrates its 50th Anniversary year in 2017. A global leader in consulting, technology and outsourcing services, the Group reported global revenues of EUR 12.5 billion in 2016. Together with its clients, Capgemini creates and delivers business, technology and digital solutions that fit their needs, enabling them to achieve innovation and competitiveness. A deeply multicultural organization, Capgemini has developed its own way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM, and draws on Rightshore®, its worldwide delivery model.Learn more about us at www.capgemini.com.About SogetiSogeti is a leading provider of technology and engineering services. Sogeti delivers solutions that enable digital transformation and offers cutting-edge expertise in Cloud, Cybersecurity, Digital Manufacturing, Quality Assurance & Testing, and emerging technologies. Sogeti combines agility and speed of implementation with strong technology supplier partnerships, world class methodologies and its global delivery model, Rightshore®. Sogeti brings together more than 25,000 professionals in 15 countries, based in over 100 locations in Europe, USA and India. Sogeti is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cap Gemini S.A., listed on the Paris Stock Exchange. For more information please visit http://labs.sogeti.com
Aug 13, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Rory McIlroy walks onto the 12th green during the final round of the PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Rory McIlroy said he was considering a break from golf to deal with a back muscle injury that left his left arm numb after his final round at the PGA Championship on Sunday.
"Right now I can feel my left rhomboid going into spasm. It's sort of the way it has been the last few weeks," world number four McIlroy said after shooting a three-under-par 68 at Quail Hollow to finish one over for the year's last major.
"It's a tough one because I go out there and play and shoot decent scores but when I come off the course I feel my left rhomboid going into spasm. Inside of my left arm goes numb."
The Northern Irishman injured the muscle in his upper back early this year in South Africa and had treatment on it, but was bothered again by the injury at The Players Championship in May.
"So I don't know what to do. I have got this next week off to assess what I need to go forward," he said, adding that he would consult with his trainer, Steve McGregor, who is a doctor, and consider his options.
"I'm flying home to Northern Ireland tonight. I'll catch up with Steve McGregor this week," McIlroy said.
"Just sort of have a chat with him about it and see what we need to do going forward. But the more I play, it's just not allowing that time to heal 100 percent.
"An injury like this, it's eight full weeks of rest before you start to rehab it and then you go again."
Last year McIlroy finished the season in high style, winning the Tour Championship finale and claimed the $10-million bonus prize for winning the FedExCup playoffs.
McIlroy said he might decide to skip the FedExCup events, which begin later this month.
"I feel like I'm capable and playing well enough to give myself a chance in it. At the same time, April is a long way away. That's the next big thing on my radar," he said, alluding to the Masters, the major he needs to complete a career grand slam.
McIlroy said he took the time he needed at the start of the year to heal and felt okay through the Masters in April but, after taking time off for his wedding and honeymoon, plunged back into training and did not build up the volume gradually.
"I went from zero to hitting balls for three or four hours a day. That aggravated it a little bit," he said.
"It's there. I can feel it. I can play 18 holes. I warm it up, it's okay. But once I get done, having to go through the whole routine of getting it ready to go again the next day, you shouldn't have to do that.
"If I want to challenge on a more consistent basis, I need to get 100 percent healthy."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
< > The crowd looks on as alt-rock outfit Portugal The Man plays an intimate show at Denver's Museum of Contemporary Art on March 16, 2018. (Dylan Owens, The Know)
Usually, when a band releases a hit song big enough to crack 300 million plays on Spotify, an appearance on “Ellen,” and — holy among holies — a remix by Weird Al Yankovic, its days of playing barrooms are over.
Alt-rock outfit Portugal The Man has gleefully made itself an exception. The Portland-via-Alaska five-piece came through Denver on March 16 to play Blake Street Tavern and the Museum of Contemporary Art, a pair of venues that, size-wise, would be modest for some local bands.
First up that day: a 9:30 a.m. show for KTCL's Keggs and Eggs, the notoriously rowdy St. Patrick's Day event that has Blake Street Tavern busting out barrels of green beer at sunrise. The gig can be intimidating, even for a band like Portugal The Man, which is headlining Red Rocks with Oh Sees on Aug. 8.
When the band showed up, Eric Howk, the band's guitarist since 2015, wasn't sure if it was going to be the scariest or most fun show of Portugal the Man's current tour.
“It turns out it was the most fun,” Howk said in a phone interview after the concert. “It felt like home. You don't see a lot of stage diving and crowd surfing at 9 a.m. — you see it in Anchorage and you see it here.”
Its next Denver performance, though, would be arguably more memorable — both for its less snockered audience and its striking setting. That night, the band played a one-hour show on the second floor of the MCA, its stage framed by the work of visual artist Cleon Patterson.
The show was free to the 120 lucky fans in attendance who were selected via an Instagram lottery. (Staff and VIPs also numbered among the audience.) At the MCA Café on the top floor, they grabbed drinks a few rooms away from the band, which had transformed the Teen Zone into an ad-hoc green room.
At one corner table, a few MCA board members — including Mike Fries, its chairman — shared drinks before the concert.
“The museum has a bunch of diverse programming in addition to great exhibitions,” said Fries, the CEO of Liberty Global Inc. and frontman of Denver's all-CEO band, The Moderators. “It's trying to reach out to the community and create exciting moments like this.”
Downstairs, fans wandered around with the giddy excitement of kids on a private tour of Nickelodeon Studios.
Zach Smith, 29, credited his work-from-home job for giving him the time to enter the contest. He'd only just recently started listening to the band, but thought it would be a fun night for his friend, Adam Stroup, who's followed Portugal The Man since 2013.
“I saw that Zach entered the contest, and was like, ‘That'd be sick to go to that,' ” Stroup said. “Then, he texted me (about winning the lottery), and I was like, ‘What?!' ”
Patterson is a friend of the band — they have breakfast together when Portugal plays L.A. — and suggested the collaboration as a way to combine their art worlds, and “make something with energy.”
Even without a concert pulsing inside of it, Patterson's exhibit “Shadow of Men” — which fills out the entire second floor and even wraps the exterior of the MCA — is virile. On wall-to-wall murals, prints and one hulking statue, cartoonish black-and-white figures wrap around one another in a mortal struggle. The black figures — ostensibly representations of humanity's dark impulses — win out, driving their swords and daggers through the backs and flanks of their counterparts.
It's evocative of lyrics from the Portugal The Man song “So American,” which it played near the end of Friday night's set: “There's a madness in us all.”
Patterson stood along one of the walls of his exhibit, looking on quietly as the band slashed through its set.
“We develop an apathy because we're so used to seeing images,” he said. “The art space is somewhere you can go to meditate on what's in an image, and apply it to yourself — where you fit into what's going on outside of the world. I think the music space is like that, too.”
SYDNEY, April 9 Three teams, one from Australia and two from South Africa, will be axed from Super Rugby as the mainly southern hemisphere competition reverts to 15 teams for next season, governing body SANZAAR said on Sunday.
The South African and Australian unions will make the decision over which of their teams will go, but the Perth-based Western Force, Bloemfontein-based Cheetahs and Kings are the three franchises most vulnerable to the axe.
"This restructuring by SANZAAR represents a crucial step in its strategic planning process that has included a comprehensive assessment of the economic and sporting environment," said a SANZAAR statement.
The restructuring comes after widespread criticism of the first season of the 18-team format, which was introduced in 2016 after Argentina's Jaguares and the Sunwolves of Japan joined the competition and the Port Elizabeth-based Kings returned.
SANZAAR, made up of the South African, New Zealand, Australian and Argentine unions, met in London last month to try to hammer out a solution to the problems of an over-complicated structure and a dilution in the quality of the product.
Negotiations with broadcasters, who agreed a four-year deal in 2016, and other stakeholders followed amidst a fury of speculation and uncertainty before the decision was announced on Sunday.
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Peter Rutherford)
* Fed meeting statement due out Wednesday in focus * Treasury refunding watched for signs of ultra-long bond By Karen Brettell NEW YORK, May 2 U.S. Treasury yields rose on Tuesday as investors waited on the conclusion of the Federal Reserve's two-day meeting on Wednesday for any clues on when the U.S. central bank is next likely to raise interest rates. The Fed is expected to keep interest rates steady after hiking them in March, but investors were waiting to see if the central bank may indicate that a new increase is likely at its June meeting. Futures traders are pricing in a 71 percent chance of a rate hike in June, according to the CME Group's FedWatch Tool. Investors are also looking for details on how and when the Fed may begin reducing the size of its bond holdings. “I think that the market is anticipating that they leave the door open for a June move and maybe some hints about what's going on with the balance sheet,” said Ian Lyngen, head of U.S. rates strategy at BMO Capital Markets in New York. Benchmark 10-year notes were last down 3/32 in price to yield 2.34 percent, up from 2.33 percent late on Monday. Friday's employment report for April is also a key focus and will be evaluated for signs of whether jobs growth is strong enough to encourage the Fed to raise rates again in the near-term. Employers are expected to have added 185,000 jobs in the month, according to the median estimate of 75 economists polled by Reuters. It will come after jobs gains unexpectedly dropped to 98,000 in March, the fewest since last May. The Treasury is also due to announce its funding needs for the coming two quarters on Wednesday, with traders focused on whether the government gives any new details on possible plans for longer-dated bonds. “There's been a lot of chatter about what the potential is for an ultra-long bond,” said Lyngen. “We don't expect that we will actually see an announcement but we should get some more color on what people are thinking.” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin repeated in an interview with Bloomberg on Tuesday that issuing debt exceeding 30-years in maturity "can absolutely make sense." The government will also announce on Wednesday how much it plans to sell in three-year notes, 10-year notes and 30-year bonds next week. (Editing by Bernadette Baum) )
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," she says. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example he and his colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, he notes.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," she says. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," she adds. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
While President Trump vacations at his golf estate in Bedminster, New Jersey, crews are hard at work renovating the White House.
FILE PHOTO: Snow covered mountains are seen under the wing of a WestJet commercial flight on route from Vancouver to Calgary November 23, 2010. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
Canada's WestJet Airlines Ltd (WJA.TO) reported a 45 percent drop in quarterly profit on Tuesday, and said it agreed to buy up to 20 Dreamliner planes from Boeing Co (BA.N) as part of a plan to add fuel-efficient aircraft to its fleet.
Shares of the Calgary-based carrier fell as much as 5.7 percent to C$21.54 on the Toronto Stock Exchange as the aircraft purchase was seen as expensive.
"(The order) will result in elevated capex for the next several years," analysts at Cowen & Co wrote in a note, adding that 10 Dreamliner planes will cost WestJet about C$1.85 billion at current exchange rates.
WestJet raised its full-year spending target on Tuesday to C$1 billion, up from a prior forecast of C$900 million-C$920 million, party due to the Boeing order.
WestJet will fund the aircraft purchase with cash from operations, CEO Gregg Saretsky said on a post-earnings call.
The company, Canada's second largest carrier, said the Boeing deal includes commitments for 10 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft to be delivered between 2019 and 2021, with options to buy 10 more aircraft.
The 787-9 planes — about 20 percent more fuel-efficient than the 767s WestJet owns — will allow the airline to offer new routes in Asia, South America and Europe amid stiff competition from larger rival Air Canada (AC.TO).
WestJet said in late-April that it planned to launch an ultra-low-cost carrier (ULCC) in Canada.
The low-cost carrier would be more of a "separate vehicle", said Bob Cummings, an executive vice president at WestJet who is responsible for the yet-to-be-named ULCC.
WestJet flew 5.7 million passengers in the first quarter, up nearly 7 percent from a year earlier, helping the company post a better-than-expected quarterly profit.
Excluding items, WestJet earned 56 Canadian cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S, beating analysts' average estimate of 50 Canadian cents.
However, WestJet's aircraft fuel costs jumped 41.5 percent to C$235.5 million ($172.3 million) in the quarter ended March 31, contributing to a sharp drop in profit.
WestJet's net earnings fell to C$48.3 million, in the first quarter, from C$87.6 million, a year earlier.
The company also forecast a 23 percent to 26 percent rise in fuel costs per liter for the current quarter.
Oil prices have nearly doubled from multi-year lows a year ago, weighing on profit margins at several airlines.
WestJet's shares were down 3.8 percent at C$21.97 in afternoon trading.
(Reporting by Muvija M and John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Shounak Dasgupta)
April 20 Publicis:
* Expects Q2 to remain in negative territory, but to show an improvement compared with Q1
* Q1 organic growth -1.2 pct
* Q1 revenue 2,328 million euros
* Organic growth in Q1 2017 continued to be affected by weakness of FMCG sector
* Q2 of 2017 will remain affected by past issues
* From June 1, 2017, Arthur Sadoun will take on role of CEO & chairman of management board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom:)
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico — U.S.Vice-President Mike Pence heard the urgency, first-hand.
"If you're going to help us, it's got to be now," a young man told him Friday as the two walked among twisted metal in a San Juan neighbourhood hit hard by Hurricane Maria. "We need more people, we need more communications."
Pence patted the man on the shoulder and later told reporters, "We understand his frustration when you think of the sheer magnitude of the loss, the impact on families, the loss of life being so grievous." He reiterated that the Trump administration is "here for the long haul" and vouched for President Donald Trump's leadership.
Pence's empathy and reassurance in San Juan and the U.S. Virgin Islands earlier in the day followed Trump's visit this week to Puerto Rico. Maria wiped out power and left the island's 3.4 million people short of food and supplies. Trump had come under heated criticism for what some said was a sluggish response to the storm's devastation. Trump heatedly denied that and sent one adviser after another out to defend him.
But while Trump tossed out rolls of paper towels to the crowd in San Juan and invited officials to praise him, Pence carried a tray of sandwiches into a reception area at the Iglesia Santa Bernardita. He walked along long tables shaking hands. And he spoke consistently about the federal government's commitment to helping the region recover.
Earlier, in the U.S. Virgin Islands, Pence took a helicopter tour of damage wrought by Maria, describing the wreckage as "overwhelming."
"But the resilience of the people of the U.S. Virgin Islands is even greater," Pence said. He said Trump wants people to know, "We will be with you every day until the Virgin Islands comes all the way back."
During the aerial tour, Pence saw upended boats along the coast, blue tarps atop damaged homes and uprooted trees and vegetation.
Pence had seen other damage earlier, when his plane flew over homes stripped of their roofs, toppled trees and debris strewn in yards as it arrived on St. Croix. Pence attended a briefing on recovery efforts at an Army National Guard hangar before visiting a church to meet with people affected by the storm. Trump had hoped to visit earlier in the week, but the White House said difficult logistics in the aftermath of the storm prevented his trip.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
From Harford County Public Schools:
Adding to its existing half-day prekindergarten program, Harford County Public Schools is pleased to announce full-day prekindergarten opportunities for the 2017-18 school year for children who are 4 years old by September 1 and reside in the full-day program's attendance area. Full-day prekindergarten is now available at the following schools:
– Deerfield Elementary,
– Magnolia Elementary, and
– William Paca/Old Post Road Elementary.
Parents/guardians interested in applying for the 2017-2018 school year should visit the school office during business hours as soon as possible to begin the process.
While attending the full-day program, four-year-olds will be immersed in learning experiences to help them develop and maintain the basic skills necessary for successful school performance.
The goal of the program is to provide appropriate activities that address the literacy, cognitive, social, emotional, and physical needs of young children. The curriculum is theme-based, and all content areas are integrated throughout the program.
Teachers initiate and sustain communication with parents and guardians by sharing information specific to their child's performance and progress in school, connecting home, school, and community in a collaborative environment to better meet the needs of the child.
The new full-day prekindergarten programs are funded through the Maryland State Department of Education Federal Prekindergarten Expansion Grant.
Who is eligible for Harford County Public School's full-day and half-day prekindergarten programs according to the Maryland State Department of Education?
– The child must be 4 years old on or before September 1. (There is no early entrance for prekindergarten.)
– Automatic eligibility for a prekindergarten program will occur when a child meets the age of entry guidelines and is at least one of the following:
Is from an economically disadvantaged background (i.e., eligible for free or reduced price meal program as established by the U.S. Department of Agriculture).
Is homeless or in foster care.
– Children who do not meet the automatic criteria for eligibility will be considered for enrollment based upon availability of space and prioritized criteria. As with automatic eligibility, children must first meet the age of entry guidelines. If space is available, parent/guardian letters for acceptance of students not meeting automatic criteria will be mailed mid to late August.
How do I find out if my child is eligible?
Applications are available now for the 2017-18 school year. Each year, applications for the coming school year will be made available in all elementary schools starting the first Friday of May. Complete the application and return it to a school that has a prekindergarten program. The school will notify you in writing before the start of the school year if your child will be enrolled in the program.
QUEENS, NY (RADIO ALICE) – “Presidential Home In Beautiful Jamaica Estates” is what a listing on Airbnb says about the childhood home of President Donald J. Trump. An anonymous buyer listed the Queens home on the real estate rental website with a nightly rate of $725.
Michael X. Tang, an attorney representing the buyer, known as “Trump Birth House LLC,” tells The Washington Post, the buyer purchased the house in March for $2.14 million in cash and considered flipping it as a museum or library.
The 2,000-square-foot home has 5 bedrooms, 3.5 baths and can sleep 20. The home also comes with its original kitchen and features “opulent furnishings” in the “style and affluence” the Trumps would have lived.
Despite the listing's note of not having any affiliation to the Trump Organization or the White House, the home does have photos of the First Family and a life-size Donald Trump cardboard cut-out in the living room. It sits ready to greet guests and, according to the listing, “a great companion for watching the news late into the night,” (or tweeting your location to your friends).
Fred C. Trump, the President's father built the home in 1940 and the family lived there close to 10 years. A sign in one of the bedrooms reads “In this bedroom, President Donald J. Trump was likely conceived, by his parents, Fred and Mary Trump, The world has never been the same.”
According to the Post article, the address on Trump's birth certificate lists 8515 Wareham Pl, Jamaica, NY.
©2017 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All rights reserved.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer holds the daily press briefing at the White House in Washington, U.S. March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON The White House has invited the top Republican and Democratic members of the Senate and House of Representatives intelligence panels to review new material relevant to their investigation into Russia's alleged interference in the U.S. presidential election, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Thursday.
"There has been information, ... material that has ... come to light, and that we want to make sure that the people who are conducting the review have that information," Spicer told reporters without giving details about the information.
"We have invited them up to view it in a classified setting," he said, referring to the Republican chairs and Democratic ranking members of the Senate and House intelligence committees.
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Writing by Washington Newsroom; Editing by James Dalgleish)
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES, June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell at the open on Friday due to disappointing earnings reports from blue-chip companies and as robust U.S. jobs data boosted bond yields and bolstered expectations that the pace of interest rates hikes could pick up.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 202.49 points, or 0.77 percent, to 25,984.22. The S&P 500 lost 17.61 points, or 0.62 percent, to 2,804.37. The Nasdaq Composite dropped 40.92 points, or 0.55 percent, to 7,344.94. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D‘Souza)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 Cenit AG:
* FY achieved total sales revenues of 123.774 million euros ($132.18 million) (2015: 121.479 million euros/+1.9 percent)
* In 2016, gross profits (operating performance less cost of materials) totaled 77.038 million euros (2015: 76.379 million euros), an increase of 0.9 percent
* FY EBIT of 11.849 million euros (2015: 10.601 million euros /+11.8 percent)
* During 2016 business year, orders received by Cenit Group totaled 124.815 million euros (2015: 124.901 million euros)
* For 2017 business year, Cenit Group anticipates sales growth of 2 percent and a consistent EBIT
* Will propose to general meeting of shareholders on May 12, 2017 that a dividend of 0.50 euro per share, as well as base dividend of 0.50 euro per share, be disbursed from Cenit AG's unappropriated profit in amount of 8.393 million euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9364 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Major General Ahmed Al Asiri, spokesman for the Arab Coalition attends a press briefing at the Embassy of Saudi Arabia in London, Britain November 3, 2016. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
LONDON/DUBAI Britain has expressed regret to Saudi Arabia after what it described as a "disturbance" during a visit by an aide to Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to London last week.
Activists said on social media that a demonstrator tried to perform a "citizen's arrest" against Major General Ahmed al-Asseri as he tried to enter an office in London on Thursday.
Asseri is also the spokesman of the Saudi-led coalition engaged in fighting against Iran-aligned Houthis in Yemen. Activists accuse Saudi Arabia of committing war crimes against civilians in Yemen, a charge Riyadh denies.
Britain's Foreign Office said in a statement that Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson had spoken about the incident with Prince Mohammed by telephone on Saturday.
"The Foreign Secretary expressed his regret at the disturbance to Saudi Major General Asseri's visit to London on Thursday,” the Foreign Office said.
Saudi state news agency SPA had earlier reported the telephone call and quoted Johnson as saying that the incident was under investigation.
The agency quoted the Saudi embassy in London as saying in comments on its Twitter account that Asseri was "safe" after some demonstrators tried to attack the general to obstruct his participation in a symposium by the European Council on Foreign Relations.
It said Asseri's schedule was not interrupted by the incident.
Saudi Arabia denies its forces in Yemen target civilians. It says it takes extra care to avoid civilian casualties and accuses the Houthis of operating behind the cover of civilian targets.
The United Nations says the war in Yemen has killed more than 10,000 people, half of them civilians and caused a humanitarian crisis in the country.
(Reporting by Paul Sandle in London and Noah Browning in Dubai, editing by Sami Aboudi and Susan Fenton)
BRASILIA, April 5 Drivers, users and even the speaker of Brazil's lower house of Congress on Wednesday spoke out against legislation that seeks to force significant changes to the business model of the Uber ride service in Latin America's biggest country.
Speaker Rodrigo Maia said he would seek a presidential veto if the Senate approves a bill giving cities more power over online ride-hailing, particularly by classifying them as public transport - not a private service.
The bill, which passed his chamber on Tuesday, is a "step back," Maia said, because consumers have shown there is demand for the Uber service and taxis alike.
"We need to have a balanced bill that preserves the taxis, preserves Uber and respects the interests of Brazilians who want both systems to co-exist," he told reporters.
The bill is the latest challenge to Uber Technologies in Brazil, its second-largest market worldwide. The U.S. company has already lost battles in four cities where authorities successfully regulated or taxed the service and faced everything from blockades to physical assaults by taxi drivers, who accuse it of unfair competition.
In a statement Wednesday, Uber said the bill "applies antiquated rules to new technology" and would turn Uber into a traditional cab service.
If classified as a public transport service, instead of a technology company, Uber drivers would have to obtain permits from city authorities, who could levy taxes and require insurance and pension benefits for drivers, pushing up costs.
The company could also have to report the number of drivers it uses, a figure it does not normally disclose, for social security and other possible tax obligations.
Cities could also require vehicles to have special plates, like taxis, or even oblige drivers to install taximeters, an obligation that led Uber to decide to shut down services in Denmark on April 18 if a rule there is not changed.
Uber started in Brazil in 2014 and now operates in 50 cities. In the last three months, 13 million people used Uber, a spokesman said.
Adding to Uber's woes, Spanish rival Cabify on Tuesday announced a $200 million investment in Brazil.
Cabify also criticized the ride-hailing bill, saying in a statement it would "make the model inviable."
Tony de Souza Ribeiro, an Uber driver in Brasilia, agrees.
In addition to gasoline, maintenance and the 25 percent cut of revenues that Uber charges, a city license cost of 60,000 reais would drive him off the streets, he said.
"I think Uber will not be able to survive in Brazil. It will come to an end if this goes through," Ribeiro said. (Reporting by Anthony Boadle; editing by Grant McCool)
April 5 NGL Energy Partners LP
* NGL Energy Partners LP - on March 31, co, units, other subsidiary borrowers party entered into amendment 1 to amended and restated credit agreement
* NGL Energy Partners LP- amendment, among other things, reduced maximum senior secured leverage ratio from 3.50:1.00 to 3.25:1.00 - sec filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A jogger runs along the downtown St. Petersburg waterfront in the county which flipped from voting for Barack Obama in 2012 to backing Trump in Pinellas County, Florida, U.S., April 25, 2017. REUTERS/Steve Nesius
Eric Earhart speaks about the current U.S. President in the county which flipped from voting for Barack Obama in 2012 to backing Trump in Gates County, North Carolina, U.S., April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Julie Rendleman
Milton Carter, 57, speaks about the current U.S. President in the county which flipped from voting for Barack Obama in 2012 to backing Trump in Gates County, North Carolina, U.S., April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Julia Rendleman
A woman's walking cane features a sticker of the U.S. flag in Northampton, Pennsylvania, U.S. April 24, 2017. Northampton County voted for Obama in 2008 and 2012, but Trump in 2016. REUTERS/Mark Makela
The St. Petersburg skyline towers over its waterfront in the county which flipped from voting for Barack Obama in 2012 to backing Trump in Pinellas County, Florida, U.S., April 25, 2017. REUTERS/Steve Nesius
Barber Andrew Ciresi holds Trump campaign signs as he speaks about the current U.S. President in the county which flipped from voting for Barack Obama in 2012 to backing Trump in Pinellas County, Florida, U.S., April 25, 2017. REUTERS/Steve Nesius
Rob McCann, 48, a realtor, voted for President Trump, in Northampton, Pennsylvania, U.S. April 24, 2017. Northampton County voted for Obama in 2008 and 2012, but Trump in 2016. REUTERS/Mark Makela
A storefront is adorned with an 'open' flag in Northampton, Pennsylvania, U.S. April 24, 2017. Northampton County voted for Obama in 2008 and 2012, but Trump in 2016. REUTERS/Mark Makela
A car hauler drives past a Macomb County sign in the county which flipped from voting for Barack Obama in 2012 to backing Donald Trump in Macomb County, Michigan, U.S., April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
Gary Baker, 64, trims his hedge in Northampton, Pennsylvania, U.S. April 24, 2017. Northampton County voted for Obama in 2008 and 2012, but Trump in 2016. REUTERS/Mark Makela
Steve Hammel, 58, a retired school teacher, voted for President Trump, in Northampton, Pennsylvania, U.S. April 24, 2017. Northampton County voted for Obama in 2008 and 2012, but Trump in 2016. REUTERS/Mark Makela
Attorney Karen Mayer speaks about the current U.S. President in the county which flipped from voting for Barack Obama in 2012 to backing Trump in Pinellas County, Florida, U.S., April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Steve Nesius
CLEARWATER, Fla. Some of his supporters fret that President Donald Trump is backing himself into a corner with promises that can't be kept. Others lament he is not pulling America from international conflicts as he vowed – or say he should “get off of Twitter.”
Those grumbles are early warning signs for Trump as he marks his 100th day in office on Saturday.
They were heard in Reuters interviews with Trump supporters in “swing” counties that went for Democrat Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012 but then flipped for Trump last year – a slice of the electorate dominated by white voters that is crucial to the Republican's re-election hopes and that Democrats want to win back.
Reuters visited the same four places - Pinellas County in Florida, Northampton County in eastern Pennsylvania, Macomb County outside of Detroit, Michigan, and Gates County in rural North Carolina - right after the Nov. 8 election.
What reporters found this time in more than two dozen interviews is that Trump voters are largely standing with their man but with signs of restlessness, mainly over foreign policy, concerns over getting legislation through Congress and some scepticism that he won't be able to follow through with promises – from building a wall along the Mexican border to repealing Obama's signature healthcare law.
But rather than bash Trump, many largely blamed Democrats and Republicans alike, a fractured Congress, the federal judiciary, and what they see as a hostile news media.
Infographic ID: '2q96hym'
They showed a willingness to trust the president almost implicitly, saw him as a tireless worker, and appreciated his efforts to secure the border and curb immigration. They had little interest in the in-fighting between his senior aides in the White House.
“Maybe sometimes I question what's going on,” said Karen Mayer, 47, an attorney in Clearwater, a west coast Florida city in Pinellas County, where the majority of its 500,000 voters went for Obama in 2008 and 2012 but then flipped for Trump last year. He prevailed over Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton by slightly more than 1 percent of the vote there.
“But at the same time, I have faith that he has a strong team,” Mayer said.
In a statement touting Trump's record in the first 100 days, the White House highlighted, among other things, his attempts to streamline government by proposing a lean budget, and his aggressiveness in foreign affairs, particularly with regard to challenging Russia and Iran.
If Trump has reason to worry about his re-election prospects, it should be because of supporters like Brian McCann, 48, who owns a real estate firm in Northampton, Pennsylvania. “I think he's finding out that he can't follow through on all his talk,” he said. “Internationally, I think he's creating more tensions than solutions.”
That was the main reason that Holly Peseski, 46, a legal assistant in Mt. Clemens, Michigan, graded Trump's tenure as a “B-minus” so far. “I don't like the recent bombings he's done,” Peseski said, referring to U.S. missile strikes on a Syrian airfield and a huge bomb dropped on a militant hideout in Afghanistan. “He was a little too quick to act."
Peseski had another complaint about Trump: “I wish he'd get off of Twitter.”
“NOT PICKING UP NEW SUPPORTERS”
The counties Reuters visited reflect the rural, suburban and largely white coalition that carried Trump to the White House.
Trump was able to flip these counties and dozens more like them powered by an enthusiastic voter base that included many people who had not cast ballots in years, as well as some Democrats who crossed over largely because of their dislike of Clinton.
An analysis of Reuters/Ipsos polling data shows slippage in Trump's approval ratings, with lower enthusiasm among white men without a college degree, the core of his political base.
Infographic ID: '2oQlz7n'
In comparing Trump's approval rating in the first 20 days of his tenure to a 20-day period in April, Reuters also found a rise in disapproval among independents, college-educated adults, people with below-average incomes, white women and white Millennials.
Those women voters were important to Trump's victory. He beat Clinton 53 percent to 43 percent among white women, who comprise 37 percent of the electorate. In Pinellas County, for instance, white women are by far the largest demographic among its more than 275,000 registered voters. Trump beat Clinton there by a little more than 5,000 votes.
David Jolly, a former Republican congressman who lost his Pinellas-based seat in November in part, he said, because of his criticism of Trump, has seen few signs that the president's support is fading, but at the same time, “he's not picking up new supporters.”
Trump's overall approval rating in Reuters/Ipsos polling has declined steadily over the past two weeks and is now at its lowest level since he took office, with 40 percent of Americans now approving of his performance in office.
HEALTHCARE CONCERNS
Some voters interviewed in the swing counties identified the struggling effort to replace Obama's healthcare law as an early worry about Trump.
Walter Watson, 62, a retired art teacher in Gatesville, a town of about 320 people in rural Gates County, North Carolina, said he did not like the way Trump and Republicans tried to rush through a new healthcare plan without giving it what he thought was proper consideration.
“You got to be careful, because this is a life and death issue for a lot of people,” Watson said.
His sparsely populated county backed Obama with 52 percent of the vote in 2012, but Trump won it with 53 percent in 2016.
Congress is the biggest hindrance to Trump's success, many of those interviewed said.
“I don't think he's going to be able to do even half of what he claimed,” said Bob White, 71, a retired finance worker in Clinton Township in Michigan. “I don't think Congress is going to go along with him."
But even as they express scepticism that Trump can achieve all of his campaign promises, his supporters are sticking with him for now.
“I think he's trying,” said Watson. “But he probably overstated what he could do, because even a president has limits.”
(Additional reporting by Laila Kearney in Northampton, Pennsylvania; Gary Robertson in Gates County, North Carolina; Tim Branfalt in Macomb County, Michigan, Howard Schneider in Washington and Chris Kahn in New York; Editing by Jason Szep and Ross Colvin)
March 31 E 1 du Pont de Nemours and Co:
* DuPont announces agreement with FMC
* DuPont - transaction includes consideration to dupont of $1.6 billion
* DuPont - merger transaction is still expected to generate cost synergies of approximately $3 billion and growth synergies of $1 billion
* Deal including cash of $1.2 billion and working capital of $425 million
* Merger with Dow now expected to close between August 1 and Sept. 1
* DuPont - divestiture will satisfy DuPont's commitments to European commission in connection with conditional regulatory clearance of merger with Dow
* DuPont - FMC will acquire DuPont's cereal broadleaf herbicides and chewing insecticides portfolios
* DuPont-FMC to acquire DuPont crop protection research and development pipeline and organization, excluding seed treatment, nematicides,late-stage research and development programs
* DuPont - DuPont will acquire FMC'S health & nutrition business
* DuPont - Dow, dupont announcing they now expect first spin-off of intended separation process will be spin-off of post-merger material science co
* DuPont - to accommodate requirements of FMC transaction, DuPont and Dow have amended merger agreement to extend "outside date" to August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 U.S. Energy Corp:
* U.S. Energy Corp files for non-timely 10-K
* U.S. Energy - expects to report revenues for year ended Dec.31, 2016 of about $5.7 million versus $10.2 million for the year ended Dec. 31, 2015
* U.S. Energy - expects to report net loss of about $14.3 million for year ended Dec 31, 2016 versus net loss of $92.8 million for year ended Dec. 31, 2015
* U.S. Energy - reasons for changes in revenue, net loss include over 42pct reduction in co's oil production, 13pct decrease in gas production Source text: (bit.ly/2nquV99) Further company coverage:
April 6 Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc
* Net1: appoints new board chair, plans for further independent directors and appoints media relations agency
* Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc - board of directors has determined to split chairman and chief executive officer roles
* Says Christopher Seabrooke appointed chairman of the board
* Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc - Serge Belamant has resigned as chairman but will remain a director
* Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc - in addition, board is actively seeking to appoint additional independent directors
* Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc - board expects that at least one director will be a person designated by international finance corporation
* Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc - Serge Belamant will also remain chief executive officer of company
* Net 1 ueps - at such time as additional directors are appointed, board will review composition and chairmanship of all board committees
* Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc - intends to review relevant parts of company's ongoing business strategy and management structure Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Muyuan Foods Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 up 76.7 percent to 90.2 percent, or to be 650 million yuan to 700 million yuan
* Says the net profit of FY 2016 Q1 was 368 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/jl2Hqb
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 10 Japan Systems Co Ltd
* Says parent company Everett SpinCo, Inc. merged with Computer Sciences Corporation, and changed name to DXC Technology Company on April 3
* Says DXC Technology Company became parent company , indirectly holding 53.7 percent voting power of the company
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/9W6Fcy
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
But assistant Crown attorney Janet Booy argued Lucas didn't stop filming once she realized the victim was a little girl.
Moreover, she added, Lucas took "zero steps" to protect the child from future sexual assaults.
In a victim impact statement, the girl's aunt wrote, "There is not a day that goes by that I don't think of the horrific things that have happened to my niece."
Lucas became a convicted sex offender for a case involving minors in 2004. She was sentenced to two years of house arrest.
Mattson said his client has struggled with alcohol to cope with childhood abuse. He also cited her Gladue report, a measure that recognizes the unique circumstances of Indigenous offenders.
Mattson has asked for a sentence of five to six years; Booy has argued for something closer to 10 years.
Justice Tony Leitch said he needed more time to decide, reserving Dec. 21 for sentencing.
DaSilva, who admitted to travelling twice from Waterloo to sexually assault the girl, was sentenced to eight years in prison.
John Gallagher, 50, of Hamilton, was sentenced to three years and seven months for possessing and making child pornography.
The 35-year-old ex-partner — a Hamilton man who can't be named due to the publication ban — has pleaded guilty to sexual interference, making child pornography and possessing child pornography. His case resumes Jan. 26.
The victim's mother, who can't be named either, was charged with failing to provide the necessities of life but the charge was stayed.
The girl now lives with her biological father and has undergone some counselling.
Outside, her aunt said she talks to her every day.
"She's getting along."
tmoro@thespec.com
905-526-3264 | @TeviahMoro
By Krishna V Kurup April 10 Southeast Asian stocks traded cautiously on Monday with rising geopolitical worries souring investor sentiment, but the Phillipines eked out gains led by financial and real estate stocks. Broader Asian stocks slipped, with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan falling for a third session. "There is a bit of risk-off sentiment after last week's U.S. air strike in Syria and the news saying that the U.S. military is sending an aircraft carrier group near the Korean peninsula," said Victor Felix, an equity analyst with AB Capital Securities. After the United States launched missile strikes on a Syrian air base alleged to have launched a deadly poison gas attack on Syrian civilians, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned that the strikes were a warning to other nations, including North Korea. A U.S. Navy strike group will be moving toward the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force, a U.S. official told Reuters on Saturday, as concerns grow about North Korea's advancing weapons programme. Phillipine shares closed 0.5 percent higher with foreign investors buying stocks worth a net 466.7 million pesos. "We were really expecting the market to trade more inactively given the long holidays. Somehow, there continues to be some buying from investors given the recent spate of positive news reflecting the fundamentals of the market," said Astro del Castillo, managing director of First Grade Finance. GT Capital Holdings rose 4.4 percent, while SM Prime Holdings finished 1.3 percent higher. Indonesian shares closed slightly down, with index of the region's 45 most liquid stocks closing 0.3 percent lower. Financials were the biggest losers, with Bank Mandiri (Persero) Tbk Pt shedding 1.2 percent. Thailand and Malaysia declined marginally, while Vietnam closed 0.3 percent higher. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS : Change on day Market Current Prev close Pct Move Singapore 3181.45 3177.27 0.13 Bangkok 1581.19 1583.53 -0.15 Manila 7617.91 7583.75 0.45 Jakarta 5644.299 5653.486 -0.16 Kuala Lumpur 1739.52 1741.72 -0.13 Ho Chi Minh 729.87 727.95 0.26 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3181.45 2880.76 10.44 Bangkok 1581.19 1542.94 2.48 Manila 7617.91 6840.64 11.4 Jakarta 5644.299 5296.711 6.56 Kuala Lumpur 1739.52 1641.73 5.96 Ho Chi Minh 729.87 664.87 9.8 (Reporting by Krishna V Kurup in Bengaluru; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
FILE PHOTO: Turkey's Gamze Bulut celebrates after her second place finish in her women's 1500m semi-final during the London 2012 Olympic Games at the Olympic Stadium August 8, 2012. REUTERS/Dylan Martinez
FILE PHOTO: Elvan Abeylegesse of Turkey celebrates after winning the women's 10,000 metres final at the European Athletics Championships in Barcelona July 28, 2010. REUTERS/Gustau Nacarino
LONDON Turkish female distance runners Elvan Abeylegesse and Gamze Bulut are set to be stripped of silver medals from the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games after being handed bans for doping on Wednesday.
The sanctions will also mean the reallocation of medals awarded a decade ago at the 2007 Osaka athletics world championships.
Both women appeared on Wednesday on the IAAF's latest list of doping violations and sanctions.
Ethiopian-born Abeylegesse was disqualified of her results from Aug. 26, 2007 to Aug. 25, 2009 after a re-test of a 2007 sample showed positive for the banned steroid stanozolol.
That means she will lose the 5,000 and 10,000 silver medals from the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 10,000 metres silver from the 2007 world championships.
Britain's Jo Pavey will now get the 2007 bronze medal and Kara Goucher of the United States will be upgraded to silver.
"I am thrilled with the news but it is kind of bittersweet," Pavey told the BBC of what will be her first world medal.
"I had a few years in the prime of my career where I kept just missing out on medals and I almost had to go back to the drawing board and think how I could find that extra.
"Now I look back and I think about the other medals I might have had and actually I was doing a lot of things right but with the cheats out there it does make it so much more difficult and so frustrating," she said.
Bulut, a 1,500 metres silver medallist at London 2012, was handed a four-year ban for a violation of the athletes' biological passport rules.
That race has been described by some as the 'dirtiest race in history' with six of the top nine, including the gold and silver medallists, handed bans before or since.
Bahrain's Ethiopian-born Maryam Yusuf Jamal, third originally, now stands to inherit the gold.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Toby Davis)
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
Erin Wynn wasn't expecting to be part of a rescue team when she set out on her morning walk.
The Newmarket resident was walking her dog in the Stonehaven area May 30 when she noticed something odd. A duck, which she recognized as the duck that nested in her neighbour's front yard, was standing beside a sewer grate.
“She was standing there and wouldn't leave," Wynn said. "She was obviously distressed. As soon as I approached the grate, I could hear her duckling in the grate and sure enough, I looked down and there it was.”
Wynn's heart sank and she knew she had to make every effort to help this mother and her duckling. She called the non-emergency line at the Town of Newmarket first but, as she expected, there was no answer at 7 a.m.
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
MILAN, April 5 Banca Mediolanum will likely reach record net inflows this year thanks to clients opting for a new government-backed scheme known as Individual Saving Plans (Pir), the asset manager's Chairman Ennio Doris said on Wednesday.
A law encouraging savers to invest in small and medium-sized Italian firms has spawned so-called Pir funds which give savers tax breaks if they stay invested for at least five years. The scheme mirrors Britain's Individual Saving Accounts and France's "plans d'épargne".
Doris expects clients to invest no less than 2 billion euros in Pir, and sees total net inflows at the asset manager surpassing a previous all-time high of 4.7 billion euros ($5 billion) this year.
($1 = 0.9366 euros)
(Reporting by Maria Pia Quaglia; writing by Francesca Landini)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A sign outside the Malaysia-Korea Partners (MKP) Holdings headquarters in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22. REUTERS/James Pearson
An undated handout image of Malaysia-Korea Partners (MKP) Holdings Group Managing Director, Yong Kok Yeap, obtained from MKP's Company Profile booklet. Malaysia-Korea Partners (MKP)/Handout via REUTERS
A 1998 handout image obtained from MKP's Company Profile booklet shows Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad looking at a model of the Kedah Padi Museum project which the Malaysia-Korea Partners (MKP) helped build. Malaysia-Korea Partners (MKP)/Handout via REUTERS
A general view of the Malaysia-Korea Partners (MKP) Holdings headquarters in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22. REUTERS/James Pearson
KUALA LUMPUR Over the past two decades, North Korean-born Han Hun Il, the founding chief executive of a Malaysian conglomerate, funnelled money to the leadership in Pyongyang, a North Korean defector, speaking out for the first time, told Reuters.
Han's conglomerate, Malaysia Korea Partners (MKP), worked in partnership with Jang Song Thaek, according to Lee Chol Ho, who worked as a trader for Han for nine years until he defected to Seoul in 2010. Jang, the uncle of North Korea's ruler Kim Jong-un, was considered one of North Korea's most powerful men until he was executed for treason in 2013.
Reuters was unable to independently confirm Lee's account of Han's relationship with North Korea's leadership, including his assertion that money was funnelled to North Korea's leadership body, the central committee of the ruling Workers' Party.
Reuters also couldn't determine how the central committee, which controls North Korea's highly sanctioned nuclear and weapons programme, used the funds from Han or if the payments are continuing.
The new disclosures come at a time when United Nations sanctions monitors are intensifying scrutiny of both Han and MKP.
A February report by experts monitoring U.N. sanctions on North Korea says MKP's bank subsidiary in Pyongyang is a particular focus. A 2013 U.N. resolution bars foreign companies or foreign joint ventures with a North Korean company from having a financial subsidiary in North Korea.The U.N. report says the bank, called International Consortium Bank, was established as a joint venture between MKP and Jang's Sungri Economic Group. The bank is licensed by North Korea's central bank and registered with the Pyongyang Municipal People's Committee, it said.
If the U.N. experts find sanctions have been violated, they could recommend the U.N. Security Council blacklist MKP, its executives or one or more of its subsidiaries, subjecting them to a global travel ban and asset freeze.
STRAINED TIES
Han, also known as Dr. Edward Hahn, hung up the phone and blocked a Reuters reporter on his messaging app when contacted for comment.
MKP did not respond to requests for comment on Lee's assertions. The company issued a statement dated March 23 saying MKP had “no reason to hide the fact” that Han is North Korean. It denied owning ICB or any other North Korean bank and said nobody from the United Nations has contacted the company.
The U.N. said it does not comment on its ongoing investigations.
Lee's description of how MKP operated appears to shed fresh light on the close ties between Malaysia and North Korea, which have come under strain following the assassination of Kim Jong Nam, the elder half-brother of North Korea's ruler, with the highly toxic VX nerve agent in February.
Reuters reported in February that North Korea's spy agency was running an arms export operation out of Malaysia.
Malaysia's foreign ministry did not respond to Reuters' requests for comment.
PYONGYANG BANK
MKP, which Han formed in 1996 with his Malaysian partner, Yong Kok Yeap, operates in 20 countries in Asia, Africa and the Middle East, piling up contracts worth at least $350 million (£283 million), an MKP corporate video and promotional brochures shows.
Yong declined requests to be interviewed.
MKP's main business is construction, but it is also involved in a number of other activities, including financial services and coal trading, according to U.N. reports, company sources, registration documents and MKP promotional material.
ICB is among several banks the U.N. is currently investigating for possible breaches of various U.N. Security Council resolutions. These include one from 2013 calling on members states to prohibit financial service companies where there are “reasonable grounds to believe that such financial services could contribute to [North Korea's] nuclear or ballistic weapons programs.”
In its March 23 statement, MKP said its website had been “hacked” to insert ICB under its list of service companies and place a “doctored photograph” of “MKP personnel”, including Yong, visiting ICB's office in Pyongyang.
A search of archive.org, a database of old websites, shows ICB has been listed on MKP's website since 2009, including under its earlier name, Sungri Hi-Fund International Bank. As of April 10, ICB was still listed on the website.
In its February report, the U.N. said it had inquired with Malaysia and MKP about ICB and had “yet to receive a reply.”
'CONTROL TOWER'
Lee said Han had used MKP as the “control tower” of a vast business empire, making him one of the isolated country's richest men. He said Han began his career in Africa with North Korea's Reconnaissance Bureau, its premier spy agency.
“When people from the Central Committee visited Malaysia, they only met with Han,” Lee said. “They didn't even bother to see the ambassador.”
The Central Committee directs the development and financing of North Korea's nuclear and missile programmes, said Michael Madden, a North Korea expert at Johns Hopkins University's 38 North website.
Once a year, Lee said, high-ranking Pyongyang officials travelled to Kuala Lumpur to meet Han and instruct him to wire money to North Korea via banks in Malaysia.
“It was all dollars and euros,” said Lee.
Lee said Han was part of Jang's overseas network of businessmen.
Two current company sources said MKP's fortunes - with the exception of its African businesses - declined after 2013 and Han became an infrequent visitor to Malaysia. They said they didn't know whether the downturn was related to Jang's demise.
(Additional reporting by Heekyong Yang in Seoul and Michelle Nichols at the United Nations; Editing by Bill Tarrant)
This week, The Student spoke with Mary Harron, director of Netflix's recent miniseries Alias Grace. Mary has always concerned herself with the female perspective, as well as the complicated world women have had to navigate in their fight to be acknowledged. Alias Grace is based on the novel of the same name by Margaret Atwood. Despite Mary's impressive repertoire, which includes I Shot Andy Warhol, American Psycho and The Moth Diaries, she was actually very down to earth, and answered questions with a clear passion for what she does.
So you started out as a journalist and then moved to the BBC. How do you think these experiences have informed your work, especially working on historical dramas like Alias Grace?
When I was starting out in television, I was a researcher for documentaries before I started directing. It's good training for immersing yourself in the subject, and I think it's certainly affected my first film. I Shot Andy Warhol totally came out of research, because when I was a journalist I'd written about the Warhol factory and I'd written a lot about the Velvet Underground, and then I was the researcher on a big documentary about Warhol, so that idea of immersing yourself in a world and setting somebody's life against their historical setting, considering their life as a product of different factors [is important to me]. This is even true of Alias Grace, you know Grace's life – not that I wrote the script, or the source material in this case – was enormously affected by the time in which she lived.
Other networks tend to gloss over the grittier aspects in this period. Was this the motivation, having worked with the BBC, behind taking on such an alternative storyline?
Yeah, I think it's funny because I really like Taboo which was on the BBC. It certainly immersed you [into it] – I envy the sort of dirt they had in that. But we consciously felt that we were anti-Downton Abbey. There's a tendency to sentimentalise the relationships between masters and servants. So both that and the sheer hardship of life in the 19th century were things we wanted to get across.
Were you particularly conscious of the reception of The Handmaid's Tale series too, and how that was made?
Well it's funny, we only heard that The Handmaid's Tale was going to be made while we were in production and then it came out – because we had such a long production period. When we were editing, The Handmaid's Tale came out and then it was a big success. I think Sarah Polley and I thought ‘oh no, no one's gonna like ours now because this one's been such a success', and because in some ways it's more stylised, and visually more striking probably, so we thought ‘oh no everyone's gonna say it's not as good as The Handmaid's Tale'. What we hadn't predicted is that it would help us so much, because it kind of set the groundworks, and because people saw it as more The Handmaid's Tale being the future and Alias Grace being the past, as almost two halves of the same.
Alias Grace pays particular attention to the world of women in that period, for example the quilt making, the religious details which Grace describes her chores. Why did you decide to give these details such prominence?
I mean, Margaret Atwood devoted a lot of time to the domestic detail. One thing I really admired in Margaret's book – and Sarah Polley captured this in the script – was the incredible historic research. Margaret Atwood really bore into the period, and one of the things that strikes you as soon as you look at it is the unbelievable amount of domestic labour, and how difficult it was to do anything. I wanted to show visually how difficult the stages were to fulfill one simple request. This was in the script, but then I said to Sarah – this is something that happens with scripts – if something isn't written into the script, and described in detail, it's not going to get put on the schedule. So if you want a shot of the sunset you have to write into the script, same thing if you want to see Grace scrubbing the floor. So Sarah wrote in more details line by line so we could actually cover that stuff. We shot tons and tons of domestic labour, because we thought otherwise we're gonna gloss over. You see, it was so important because this is a 16 year old girl working really from dawn until dusk with this extremely heavy domestic labour, and that's kind of startling when you realise how rough life there was, with this whole servant class to do this heavy, intensive labour .
You give Grace a lot of close-up shots during these scenes, too.
Yeah, my husband, John Walsh, who works with me – we collaborate a lot – came in and did all these macro shots. We wanted to look at the minutiae – the needle going into the fabric. I insisted on makeup to redden Grace's hands, to make them look roughened by work, because she was a laundry maid and the soap was incredibly rough so your hands would just be raw. It was also that, in terms of the sewing, she's always busy. The quilts are extremely important in this – obviously you know in the book each chapter is the title of different quilt styles. So Margaret Atwood has threaded that all the way through the book and I think she's very fascinated about silence, or speaking, or who tells whose story, and – women being silent in that period – a lot of women's histories going unreported. Nobody asked them, nobody recorded them. Of course they wrote letters, but a lot of women's history and a lot of what was recorded at that time was lost or was never written down. I think it's the idea that women spoke through their quilts, or they expressed themselves through this very feminine-domestic art form.
It was definitely interesting to have such a high profile show explore a craft that a lot of people just see as something mothers make for kids.
What's interesting about these ‘cosy' things – quilting, embroidery, sewing – is the idea that this will be woven into a very violent story with blood and aggression, and that the two things coincided. The visual style of it – which was true even in Sarah's first script – had this calmness, these calm conversations with the doctor while she's sewing, and then these flashes of her violent image. What she is remembering flashes into her mind about the murders. That was it – we wanted the serene rhythm of sewing, and these jarring moments of memories of either the murders, or of the abuse she suffered in the asylum. You know, they're both part of her life. They're both real.
And Sarah Gadon was great in that role – how goes through all these emotions so seemingly effortlessly was really impressive. Obviously you've cast her before in The Moth Diaries?
Well, she was so wonderful to work with, because I realised in The Moth Diaries that she has this ability to show very, very subtle shifts of emotions, you know like a lot under the surface.
I think it's the first episode where Grace is in the mirror, staring at herself and considering the many different people she's supposed to be.
Yes she can do remarkable shifts with very little, she's very finely calibrated. With a lot of Grace's performances, still she's withholding, she's only letting the doctor know what she chooses to show, so we had to have this sense of mystery, which I think Sarah has captured very well. Some people are just emotionally all out there, but she has this certain reserve, that mystery, and a charismatic quality as well. You have to feel that Grace is able to draw in all these men.
If we could also talk about Nancy – you portray her very empathetically. We see her role as adversary but also her more vulnerable moments. How did you navigate between these roles?
I think that Nancy is a tragic character, and absolutely one of the most interesting characters. Margaret Atwood is great at showing how women can turn on each other, and I wanted to show that an oppressive society doesn't always just make people noble victims or create solidarity among victims. People turn on each other because they want to get ahead. With Nancy she wants to get this little bit of prestige, or the little bit of material success that she's got, and she's living really in terror because she knows that she was a servant herself and she knows that she could be thrown out at any time. So it's very poignant in a way, her situation. At the same time she's sometimes very mean to Grace – and they're mean to each other, and I kind of love this. Because, you know, Grace is also quite controlling, and it's funny, two controlling women in a kitchen, sorting out Kinnear's laundry, you can just see there's that territorial dispute. Grace even says in the novel “if it'd just been a bigger house, we might've all gotten through this okay”. There's this suffocating atmosphere of territory and rivalry. Also, I wanted somebody to play Nancy who could bring empathy to the character. Even if somebody's playing a character that you might classify as unsympathetic, you want the actor to love them and commit to them, which Anna Pacquin did fantastically.
Particularly with Doctor Jordan, it's interesting that you changed his ending. Was this something to do with you interpretation of whether she's telling the truth?
There's a lot more of Doctor Jordan in the book than there is in the series, and I certainly felt like, as much as i liked the doctor in the story, we really needed to focus in on Grace – it's Grace's story. Simon Jordan is important insofar as this, but his independent story of this woman that he gets engaged to or whatever is not relevant to us, you know? I think this story that we're telling is his destruction at the hands of Grace, how his obsession with her is what destroys him.
And obviously this isn't the first time you've dealt with this bitchy homosocial environment. You did the same thing in American Psycho, but that was obviously with the men.
I mean I think there are social rituals and competition in male and female worlds with a very distinct dynamic I suppose, this kind of rivalries and sniping and the discomfort between them.
The topic of sex and the bed is also one of great anxiety for Grace and all the women really. How did you try to amplify this tension?
Obviously one of the images that was very important to me was when Mary Whitney dies. There was an enormous amount of blood, and I remember saying to Sarah Polley, you know, ‘more blood, more blood!'. It needed to be really soaked with blood, with the idea that when you lift off the covers, you see that the mattress soaked in blood and that she bled to death basically. Because, you know, many women died, not just from an abortion, many women died in childbirth, and so I wanted the physical manifestation of what had happened to Mary, for it to be so bloody, so shocking.
Do you think Grace was guilty?
Oh, I will not answer that, Margaret Atwood would be very angry with me! Margaret always says: “You cannot answer that question”.
And no doubt with its topic of women's sexual oppression, it was well-timed to coincide with the #MeToo movement – how much do you think this affected its reception?
I was surprised yeah, it worked to our advantage really. We showed it in bits before the Harvey Weinstein thing broke but then when it was due to premiere on Netflix, it happened just that week practically.
So looking into the future, we've been told you're working on something else which Matt Smith has already been cast in?
He's playing Charles Manson, yes, in a film about the Manson girls – and do you know Hannah Murray? She's one of the Manson girls.
Can we expect to see similar relationships between the Manson women as we see in Alias Grace?
Actually the Manson girls were very supportive of each other, kind of like sister wives. Of course that supportiveness also reinforced their mutual submission to Charlie. It was all about “killing your ego”, to eradicate your will so you could be a better cult member.
Finally, is there any advice you could offer to young women at the university thinking of going into a similar field?
There is no one path and I personally followed a very roundabout route in to directing. I didn't go to film school. I started by doing research jobs in television that I actually learned a great deal from, and kept working on my own projects in my spare time. Just keep your eyes on the prize by working away at your own stuff. There are years and years where no great progress is made and then bang, a lot can happen at once. But it happens because you've been quietly working away. Patience and endurance are what is needed.
Alias Grace is currently out on Netflix.
Image: Eric Charbonneau via Netflix
SYDNEY, March 29 Recent increases in home loan rates by Australia's major banks should help cool growth in lending to more vulnerable buyers, but banks still face risks from high household debt and an overheated property sector, Fitch Ratings said on Wednesday.
Australia's "Big Four" banks have all raised interest rates on home loans for owner-occupiers and investors over the last two weeks, even though the Reserve Bank of Australia has kept the cash rate on hold at a record-low level.
Surging house prices have raised speculation that the main watchdog, the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA), is about to clamp down on bank lending to property investors, adding to rules imposed in 2015.
Fitch said the out-of-cycle rate rises by the banks were prompted by the potential action by APRA as well as higher funding costs on the back of likely U.S. interest rate hikes.
Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Westpac Banking Corp, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group and National Australia Bank Ltd all have "stable" AA-minus ratings from Fitch.
The ratings agency said risks remained due to high household debt levels and "unsustainable" housing prices in Sydney and Melbourne, placing pressure on affordability if lending rates increase.
Deutsche Bank analysts on Monday increased their future cash earnings forecasts for the banks by 2 to 3 percent due to the mortgage rate hikes, even though they expected demand for loans from housing investors to decrease as a result. (Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Richard Pullin)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Emergency personnel and workers are pictured at the scene of a gas leak in downtown Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Emergency vehicles are pictured at the scene of a gas leak in downtown Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Emergency personnel and workers are pictured at the scene of a gas leak in downtown Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
OTTAWA Police in Canadian capital Ottawa on Tuesday temporarily shut down four city centre blocks, including a building where the prime minister works, after a mechanical digger ruptured a natural gas pipeline.
City authorities said in a tweet at 6 pm eastern (2200 GMT) that the area had been reopened. The leak started at around 1:30 p.m. eastern.
The evacuated buildings included the Langevin Block on Wellington Street, where Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and his senior staff have offices. He also works out of the Parliament building across the street, which stayed open.
Kathryn Keyes, a spokeswoman for the consortium overseeing the construction, said the operator of the excavator hit the gas pipeline during landscaping work on one of the streets above the light rail line.
Crews have been digging up city centre streets for several months as they build a new underground light rail system. The project has been disrupted by several mishaps, including a sinkhole.
The smell of natural gas filled the air downtown. Workers from nearby buildings were moved to the front lawn of Parliament Hill while several buses lines were rerouted, causing severe transit delays.
(Reporting by David Ljunggren, Andrea Hopkins and Leah Schnurr in Ottawa and Anna Mehler Paperny in Toronto; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Grant McCool)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By John Lee.
Iraq's Ministry of Oil has invited international companies to bid for three new oil refineries, to be build on BOOT or BOO bases:
(Source: Ministry of Oil)
(Repeats to update poll data link)
* cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=stock-index-poll Reuters poll data
* Nikkei will likely end year 7 pct higher from 2016
* Risks in first half of 2017 include French election
* Trump expected to turn focus to stimulus in second half of 2017
By Ayai Tomisawa
TOKYO, March 29 Japanese stocks could step back before mid-year as uncertainty over the U.S. legislative agenda and elections in Europe slow recent modest momentum but they are expected to finish the year up around 7 percent, a Reuters poll found.
Market participants say anticipated U.S. interest rate hikes this year could strengthen the dollar against the yen, a positive for Japanese equities, even as the Bank of Japan is expected to eventually start moving away from its ultra-easy monetary policy, perhaps as soon as this year.
The Nikkei share average is forecast to trade at 19,000 at end-June 2017, compared to Tuesday's close of 19,202.87, according to the median in a poll of more than 20 analysts taken by Reuters in the past week. It will then reach 20,500 by the end of the year.
The benchmark index closed out 2016 at 19,114.37.
Forecasts for mid-2017 ranged from 16,500 to 22,000. They were 12,000 to 24,000 for the end of the year, and 9,000-26,000 for June 2018.
On Monday, the Nikkei skidded to more than six-week lows after the perceived safe-haven yen rose to its strongest level since November against the dollar as U.S. President Donald Trump's failure to pass a healthcare bill raised questions about his ability to push through tax cuts and fiscal spending to boost the economy.
Another near-term risk is the French presidential election on April 23, analysts said.
"There is about 40 percent chance that the Nikkei may fall below 18,000 before June. The key negative risks include Trump's protectionist trade stance as well as the French presidential election," said Akio Yoshino, chief economist of the investment management division at Amundi Japan.
He said a victory for far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen in the French presidential election would be negative for French and European stocks, and may have repercussions for Asian shares. Current opinion polls show it will be won by independent centrist Emmanuel Macron.
Japanese equities have made double-digit percentage gains since Trump's election on hopes his administration will boost U.S. economic growth to 3 percent or even higher.
Analysts said in the longer term, investors will buy Japanese cyclical stocks such as exporters as the dollar gains against the yen thanks to rising U.S. interest rates.
A cheaper yen makes Japanese exporters more competitive abroad and lifts their profits when repatriated.
Also benefiting from stronger U.S. economic footing are Japanese financial stocks - such as banks and insurers - as they seek to boost returns from higher yielding U.S. bonds, they said.
"After many twists and turns, I think Trump will focus on his economic policies in the fall. I expect the dollar to trade above 115 yen and the Nikkei will likely regain momentum," said Takuya Takahashi, a strategist at Daiwa Securities.
cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=stock-index-poll Reuters poll data
(For other stories from the Reuters global stock markets poll) (Additional polling by Vartika Sahu and Vivek Mishra; Editing by Jonathan Cable & Shri Navaratnam)
March 28 Koninklijke Philips NV :
* Said on Monday it has signed an agreement to acquire Australian Pharmacy Sleep Services (APSS), a pharmacy sleep testing company
* The transaction is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2017
* Financial details of the transaction will not be disclosed
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Tropical Storm Nate was gathering force in the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea on Friday as it made its way toward the U.S. Gulf Coast, which was bracing for a potential direct hit Sunday.
The storm has already unleashed heavy rain and flooding over parts of Central America, where several people have died.
In Nicaragua, the death toll reached at least 11 on Thursday, while thousands of people had to evacuate their homes and several others were reported missing, according to Vice President Rosario Murillo. Nate follows nearly two weeks of heavy rain that has saturated the ground there, reports The Associated Press, and Murillo said that the recent rainfall is not part of Nate's storm system.
In Costa Rica, officials blamed the storm for at least seven deaths, AP says. Schools across the country were suspended Thursday because of heavy rainfall.
In Honduras, two young people drowned in a swollen river, while in neighboring El Salvador a man was killed in a mudslide, reports Reuters.
The National Hurricane Center said Nate was located off the coast of Honduras on Friday morning and headed north northwestward at 14 mph. It had maximum sustained winds of around 45 mph, but forecasters said the winds would pick up over the next couple of days and were expected to reach hurricane force by the time Nate reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico.
A hurricane watch was in effect Friday for parts of Louisiana, including New Orleans, while parts of Mississippi and Alabama were under a tropical storm watch.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency Thursday in anticipation of Nate's arrival and is asking President Trump to declare "a pre-landfall state of emergency."
At a briefing Edwards said Louisiana is expected to take a direct hit early Sunday morning, but parts of the state could feel the force of the winds by Saturday evening. Edwards said rainfall could reach six inches in some areas, with storm surge of up to six feet.
It has been a devastating hurricane season, and Nate is an unwelcome reminder that it is not over yet; the season continues until the end of November.
Louisiana National Guard soldiers have already been helping with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria's aftermath. Now more than 1,000 state guardsmen have been mobilized ahead of Nate, some in New Orleans to monitor drainage pumps, which have already undergone damage.
"We don't anticipate that this is going to cause devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps or the electrical generation down there to pump out that water," Edwards said. But he added, "I'm not going to tell you I am not concerned."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 Orange Belgium SA:
* Orange Belgium : Johan Deschuyffeleer nominated chairman of the board of directors of Orange Belgium
* Deschuyffeleer will take up new mandate as of today Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 13 Komputronik SA (Komputronik)
* Marinera Invest sp. z o.o. (Marinera Invest) announces a tender offer for 4,507,987 shares of Komputronik at the price of 6.5 zloty ($1.63) per share, says an intermediary in the tender, DM mBank
* Marinera Invest signed an agreement with other shareholders of Komputronik, EKB Sp. z o.o. (EKB) and WB iTOTAL Sp. z o.o. (WB iTOTAL)
* EKB owns 26.11 pct of votes of Komputronik, WB iTOTAL owns 27.86 pct of votes of Komputronik
* Jointly with EKB and WB iTOTAL, Marinera Invest plans to reach 100 pct stakes of Komputronik and to delist Komputronik's shares from trading on the Warsaw Stock Exchange
* Entries in the tender offer will be accepted from May 8 to June 6
* Marinera Invest took out a loan to finance the purchase of shares
Source text - bit.ly/2p9jDud
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9835 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
CARDIFF, Wales (AP) — A depleted Wales brought an overhyped Scotland back to earth in the Six Nations by doing what it usually does to the Scots in Cardiff — beating them.
The only surprise was the scoreline, a whopping 34-7 with a four-tries bonus point on Saturday.
Valid expectations of a tight contest - Wales without eight Lions, more than 500 caps, and Scotland willing to give it a lash - were ripped up in the first minutes as Wales started fast with two tries to zoom to 14-0.
Scotland settled and drew the majority of possession but kept dropping passes or conceding penalties and didn't stress the Wales defense until the very end.
Advertisement
Wales fullback Leigh Halfpenny, who hadn't scored a test try in five years, scored two for the first time since the same fixture in 2012. He collected 24 points, becoming the third Welshman after Neil Jenkins and Stephen Jones to pass 700 in tests.
After bombing at least three other tries, Wales bagged a bonus-point fourth with a Steff Evans dive and one-hand touchdown in the left corner. Hadleigh Parkes' set-up pass was forward and missed by the officials, but it began from yet another turnover and Scotland, which hasn't won in Cardiff in 16 years, couldn't complain about the margin of defeat.
Warren Gatland, on the 10th anniversary of his first match as Wales coach, wasn't surprised at all.
"The players coming in all believed in their own ability and they think they're better than the players not involved," he said. "We went in the game expecting to win reasonably comfortably."
He expects two of his injured Lions - George North and Liam Williams - back next week for England at Twickenham, a much harder assignment.
Scotland was being blanked until the second-to-last minute, when replacement center Peter Horne crossed. But the Scots, who have grown tougher at home, still can't get over a woeful record away from Murrayfield: This was their 16th loss in their last 18 away matches in the championship.
"We should be criticized for this performance," coach Gregor Townsend said. "We were badly beaten and it was a defeat, but there weren't many away wins in the championship last year (three) and now we need to bounce back."
Scotland's charity began in the sixth minute, when scrumhalf Ali Price miss-passed straight to Wales counterpart Gareth Davies, who took the intercept 60 meters untouched to the try-line.
Then flanker Aaron Shingler blew through a huge gap, and captain Alun Wyn Jones was galloping to the line. But his offload wasn't as good as his forwards' support. No matter, Wales was still on attack, and Halfpenny expertly finished a two-on-one.
Scotland dominated the near half-hour to halftime but lapsed into error after error: Dropped passes, knock ons, a penalty kick not finding touch, crooked throw-ins, and the backs shuffling sideways to be easily contained by Wales.
"We had tempo but not accuracy," Scotland captain John Barclay said.
The interval did not provide a fresh start. Barclay was penalized twice for hands in the ruck, and his Scarlets clubmate Halfpenny kicked both through the uprights for 20-0.
Unlike Scotland, Wales wings Evans and new cap Josh Adams were making big yards on the outsides. A driven lineout, pick-and-gos, and Halfpenny had a second try, and made a third conversion from the sideline.
It wasn't the Halfpenny show, but he reminded of his importance after being put in the shade by his Scotland counterpart Stuart Hogg, the player of the tournament in the last two years but who was hardly sighted in this match.
Wales kept threatening: Replacement prop Wyn Jones was held up by Scotland's Huw Jones, and replacement flyhalf Gareth Anscombe dropped a try-scoring pass from Alun Wyn Jones.
By then, the match was about only how big the margin was going to be for Wales' 50th win in the expanded Six Nations, and 50th win under Gatland.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
LONDON, April 5 (IFR) - Volkswagen Financial Services has set final terms for a £850m four and eight-year dual-tranche bond, according to a lead bank.
The company will sell a £500m four-year at G+122bp on orders of over £1.3bn, and a £350m eight-year at G+147bp on orders of over £1bn.
This follows guidance at Gilts plus 125bp area for an expected £500m size and 150bp area for an expected £300m size, respectively. Both were plus or minus 3bp, to price in the range.
Initial price thoughts for the four-year were plus 135bp area and for the eight-year plus 155bp area.
Bookrunners are Barclays, Goldman Sachs and HSBC.
The deal is expected to price later today.
The issuer is rated A2/BBB+ by Moody's/S&P.
The deal follows Volkswagen International Finance's four-tranche €8bn deal issued last month.
(Reporting By Laura Benitez)
The International Religious Freedom report released by the US Department of State's Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labour for 2017 said, yesterday, that the Federal Government has not held soldiers implicated in the killing of over 300 Shi'ites accountable.
In 2015, soldiers and members of the Islamic Movement of Nigeria, IMN, clashed in Zaria, Kaduna State, and the clash led to the death of over 300 members of the IMN and detention of the leader, Ibrahim El-Zakzaky, by Department of State Services, DSS, despite a court order which granted him bail.
The report said the order, which awarded El-Zakzaky a sum of N25 million as restitution, has also not been complied with.
According to the report, “human rights groups continued to report the Federal Government often failed to prevent, quell, or respond to violence affecting religious groups, particularly in the north eastern and central regions of the country.
“In November, Kano State police fired tear gas and bullets, killing three members of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria during its annual Ashura procession.
‘'The government continued to detain the leader of the IMN, the country's largest Shia group, and restrict the activities, free movement, and free association of its members.
“There were no reports of accountability for soldiers implicated in the December 2015 clash between the army and IMN members that, according to a Kaduna State government report and reports from non-government observers, left at least 348 IMN members and one soldier dead, with IMN members buried in a mass grave.
“The government stated publicly that Sheikh El-Zakzaky, leader of the IMN and a prominent Shia cleric, would remain in what it said was ‘protective custody' pending the appeal of the December 2016 decision of the Federal High Court in Abuja that the government must release him.
“At year's end, El-Zakzaky remained in prison. The court also ruled that the government must provide him with a house and pay him and his wife restitution of N25m ($69,600) by January 15; at year's end, the court's order had yet to be followed.”
It also noted that human rights observers have expressed concern that a presidential investigative panel set up by then Acting President Yemi Osinbajo to check such excesses “lacks transparency.”
Spokesman of Nigerian Army, Texas Chukwu, could not be reached on phone for comments on the report.
(Adds details)
ABIDJAN May 3 Ivory Coast has chosen five international banks to manage a Eurobond issue planned for the second quarter of this year, two banking sources familiar with the deal said on Wednesday.
The sources did not name the banks involved and it was not initially clear what amount Ivory Coast was targeting for the deal. It last went to international markets in February 2015 with a $1 billion bond that matures in March 2028.
Government officials were not immediately available for comment.
Ivory Coast, the world's top cocoa exporter, has emerged from a decade-long political crisis, capped by a 2011 civil war, as Africa's fastest-growing economy, drawing the interest of international investors.
The West African nation is rated Ba3 by Moody's and B+ by Fitch, both with stable outlooks. However, it has been hit hard by a steep decline in cocoa futures in New York and London.
The government was forced to slash 2017 budget spending by around 10 percent last month, and it also faces demands for bonus payments by soldiers and pressure to pay back-wages to civil servants. (Reporting by Joe Bavier and Sudip Roy; Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg and Mark Trevelyan)
GENEVA (Reuters) - Conflict between Myanmar's army and guerrillas of the Kachin Independence Army (KIA) in northern Myanmar has escalated since Jan. 19, including in Sumprabum, Waingmaw and Tanai townships, a U.N. humanitarian report said on Friday.
“The United Nations and its humanitarian partners are concerned about the safety of civilians in these areas,” it said.
“The Tanai area has seen heavy fighting since 25 January 2018. There have been reports of a number of civilians killed or injured.”
The KIA is one of Myanmar's most powerful militias and has clashed regularly with the Myanmar military since 2011, when a 17-year-old ceasefire broke down.
It is part of the predominantly ethnic Chinese Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army (MNDAA) which clashed with Myanmar's military in 2015, in fighting that spilled over the Chinese border and displaced tens of thousands.
The U.N. report said aid agencies were reporting about 1,800 people, mainly labourers, had been evacuated from the Tanai area as a result of the latest fighting, but other civilians were still in the areas of conflict and unable to leave.
U.N. staff had not been granted access to the area and could not independently verify the information, it said.
In Sumprabum township more than 700 people were sheltering in the forest after being displaced on Jan. 22. They included villagers and about 500 people from an internal displacement camp who fled after mortar bombs landed near the camp.
Tanai and Sumprabum are located on the two major roads running north from Myitkyina, the capital of Kachin state, the northernmost part of Myanmar, between China and India.
On three occasions since mid-Decmber, most recently on Jan. 27, mortar bombs also landed close to a displacement camp in Waingmaw township, just cross the Irrawaddy river from Myitkyina, the report said.
Myanmar is already under international scrutiny for its handling of the Rohingya crisis on the Bangladesh border.
The U.N. human rights investigator for Myanmar, Yanghee Lee, was barred in December from visiting the Rohingya areas and also Kachin and Shan states.
She told Reuters at the time that the civilian government had no authority in Kachin state, since anything connected to security issues was controlled by military commanders.
She called on the international community to put more pressure on military commanders, and on China, to ensure that human rights were respected in the conflict.
March 29 Betsson
* Says offer to acquire UK gaming operator Netplay TV sanctioned by court and will be completed
* Says the total offer consideration amounts to GBP 26.4 million (on a fully diluted basis) and one-off transaction costs, which will be reported in the first quarter results, amounted to SEK 4.3 million
* Says the currently outsourced customer service and payment operations will be centralised to Malta and crucial CRM and VIP functions will be moved closer to the rest of the Betsson business
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
April 20 Citizens Financial Group Inc
* Citizens Financial Group, Inc. reports record first quarter net income of $320 million and diluted EPS of $0.61
* Q1 earnings per share $0.61
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.50 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 revenue rose 2 percent to $1.4 billion
* Citizens Financial Group Inc says board of directors declared a Q2 cash dividend of $0.14 per common share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
OTTAWA — The federal Conservatives blew past their governing Liberal rivals in last year's annual fundraising race — in donors as well as dollars.
Annual financial reports published on the Elections Canada website show the Tories raised $18.84 million from 94,786 contributors in 2017, outflanking the Liberals by nearly $5 million.
That's compared with $18.25 million the Conservatives raised from 82,662 donors in 2016.
For their part, the Liberals raised $13.89 million from just 64,444 contributors, compared with $17.18 million from 82,285 donors the previous year.
Trump brushes dandruff from Macron's suit
US president brushes dandruff from Macron's suit during a visit to the Oval Office in the White House
NEW YORK — The NFL is investigating whether concussion protocol was properly followed Sunday when Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage was allowed to briefly return to action after a disturbing hit in the end zone that left him with his hands quivering.
League spokesperson Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players' association "together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed, but we're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it."
Lockhart said the discovery during this investigation of any possible improvements to the concussion protocol will be quickly implemented.
The NFL's concussion protocol came under heavy criticism after it failed Savage on Sunday in Houston's 26-16 loss to the 49ers. Only after Savage briefly returned to the game did the medical crew determine the quarterback did, indeed, have a concussion and remove him from the game.
People donate blood for a number of reasons. Perhaps they were asked by a friend, they themselves may once have been in a position where they needed blood or because a friend or family member, at any moment, could be in that same position. No matter the reason, giving blood is one the easiest ways to know you've helped to change a life.
The journey to giving blood is simple, painless, takes little time, and you'll have plenty of blood left over.
All it takes to donate is to visit online at the ScotBlood site and register to be a blood donor. To become a blood donor, you must be aged between 17 and 66 years old, be in good health and weigh more than 7 stone.
Once signed up, you are then able to book an appointment. Giving blood takes just over five minutes and is followed by refreshments; meaning that your day is filled with making a difference and being rewarded with free snacks.
After donation, the blood is taken directly to the nearest processing and testing laboratories, where it is then sent to one of 36 blood banks across the country. The donated blood is split into several components, to be given to different patients for their specific needs. This means that your donated blood could be used to help multiple people in need.
Donated blood is used to provide essential and often emergency care to people with a variety of needs. Blood is often used to treat those with severe trauma after man-made and natural disasters. It can be used for women with complications from pregnancy, such as ectopic pregnancies and haemorrhages before, during or after childbirth. Blood donations can also be used to treat children with severe anaemia and is used to make products such as clotting factors for people with haemophilia.
In 2014, 67% of blood donated was used to treat conditions such as anaemia, cancer and blood disorders. 27% was used in surgery and 6% was used to treat blood loss after childbirth.
Blood is precious and perishable and there will always be a need to replenish supplies.
Every day, over 6,000 donations are needed in order to maintain a regular supply of all blood groups and types. This ensures that there is always blood ready to treat people in emergencies and those undergoing long-term treatments. As some rare blood sub-types are more common in minority communities, there is a constant need to recruit more blood donors from black, Asian and minority ethnic groups.
There is a constant need for regular blood supply as blood can only be stored for a limited amount of time. Donations from a sufficient number of healthy people are essential to ensure safe blood is on hand when it is needed.
Giving blood means giving the gift of life. By donating blood, several patients could be benefiting in life-altering ways. It is an invaluable means of giving back and helping those in the direst of circumstances.
Visit scotblood.co.uk to register to donate and book your appointment. The Blood Centre is located at 41 Lauriston Place and is open every day, except Sunday.
No one wants to be in the position where they are in need of blood but by donating yours, a life is able to continue and improve. There is little that feels better than knowing that an action of yours will have such momentous and significant consequences.
image: rud0070 via Pixabay
ROCKFORD, Ill. — Nic Petan scored in overtime as the Manitoba Moose edged the Rockford IceHogs 4-3 on Friday in American Hockey League action.
Patrice Cormier, Jan Kostalek and Brendan Lemieux had goals in regulation time for Manitoba (30-10-5), the AHL affiliate of the Winnipeg Jets. Eric Comrie made 37 saves for the win.
Luke Johnson tied the game 3-3 for Rockford (24-17-6) with less than two minutes to play in the third period. Anthony Louis and Tyler Sikura also scored. Collin Delia stopped 46 shots.
The Moose went 2 for 3 on the power play and the IceHogs were 0 for 2 with the man advantage.
São Paulo, March 31 A Brazilian federal court ordered on Friday that leading shareholder Joesley Batista leave the boards of Eldorado Brasil Celulose SA and J&F Participações SA, according to a court document.
The decision is part of an ongoing corruption probe involving pension funds of state-controlled companies. Eldorado is a subsidiary of the Batista family's holding company J&F, which also owns the world's largest meatpacker, JBS. (Reporting by Marcelo Teixeira; Editing by Daniel Flynn)
Another yellow weather warning for snow and ice across the East Midlands has been issued by the Met Office.
The warning is in force from 4pm today, Monday December 11 to Tuesday, December 12 at 11am.
A yellow weather warning has been issued by the Met Office from 4pm Monday, December 11.
The Met Office's Chief Forecaster said: “Temperatures are likely to fall rapidly below freezing later on Monday across much of the area.
“This will lead to icy stretches, particularly where snow melt has occurred during the day, or where a mix of rain and snow has fallen across the south of the area.”
Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from late Monday afternoon and last overnight into Tuesday morning. There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Huttig Building Products Inc:
* HUTTIG BUILDING PRODUCTS SAYS ‍EFFECTIVE JAN 31, 2018, OSCAR MARTINEZ IS NO LONGER SERVING AS VICE PRESIDENT & CFO OF CO - SEC FILING
* HUTTIG BUILDING PRODUCTS - ‍ BOARD APPOINTED JON VRABELY AS INTERIM CFO UNTIL PERMANENT REPLACEMENT FOR CFO POSITION HAS BEEN IDENTIFIED​
* HUTTIG BUILDING PRODUCTS INC - CO HAS COMMENCED SEARCH FOR A NEW CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER Source text - bit.ly/2DXSzX7 Further company coverage:
ZURICH, April 13 Swiss Re, the world's second-largest reinsurer, has estimated its claims burden from Cyclone Debbie in Australia at around $350 million, the company said on Thursday.
"Swiss Re expects Cyclone Debbie to have resulted in a higher share of large commercial and corporate losses compared to similar events in the past," Zurich-based Swiss Re said in a statement. "The total insured market losses for wind, flood and storm surge damages are estimated to be approximately $1.3 billion."
Reinsurers act as financial backstops for insurance companies and help them pay for large claims from hurricanes or earthquakes in exchange for part of the premiums.
(Reporting by Joshua Franklin, edited by John Revill)
CARACAS, April 6 Seven protests against Venezuela's socialist government were planned in Caracas on Thursday, one for each of the Supreme Court judges who passed a ruling last week taking control of the country's opposition-led congress in what demonstrators said was a lurch toward dictatorship.
While the widely condemned decision was quickly overturned, it has given the country's disparate opposition a new impetus against a leftist government it blames for the country's social and economic collapse.
Protesters were assembling at seven designated points in capital city Caracas to march to a major highway. This is likely to lead to clashes with security forces, something that has often happened in Venezuela.
"The objective is to put the magistrates on trial (and) get the government to publish an electoral timetable," opposition lawmaker Stalin Gonzalez told Caracas-based Union Radio. "This country has changed and wants to get out of the crisis."
The opposition's primary demand now is to hold the next presidential election before its scheduled date at the end of 2018 to push out Socialist President Nicolas Maduro.
"We live in a dictatorship, and the only way out of a dictatorship is to take to the streets," said 20-year-old student Victor Sanchez.
NEW IMPETUS
Venezuela is suffering from triple-digit inflation, shortages of basic foods and medicines, and one of the world's highest murder rates.
Tensions have been simmering this week after tear gas and rocks flew between protesters and security forces during a major demonstration on Tuesday. The confrontations injured 20 people and led to 18 arrests, according to the Caracas-based Penal Forum rights group.
The opposition says it faces growing persecution. The leader of one of its parties, Copei, sought refuge in the home of the Chilean ambassador in Caracas on Wednesday, according to that country's foreign ministry.
Maduro's government says a U.S.-backed business elite is responsible for Venezuela' economic downturn and is now trying to foment a coup to impose right-wing rule. His supporters were also planning to march in Caracas on Thursday.
Opposition protests were slow to kick off on Thursday as authorities had closed subway stations and added checkpoints to major highways.
"They can do whatever they want, but the people of Venezuela will today make their voices heard on the streets," tweeted opposition lawmaker Juan Requesens, who has led protests this week.
Not since 2014's major unrest has the opposition held such sustained demonstrations. Still, working against them is protester fatigue, fear of violence, and the fact so many Venezuelans need to spend much of their day looking for food. (Additional reporting by Eyanir Chinea and Corina Pons; Editing by Alexandra Ulmer and Lisa Von Ahn)
FILE PHOTO: A rebel fighter of Jaysh al-Islam digs a trench in Tal Farzat in the besieged rebel-held eastern Ghouta area of Damascus, Syria February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh
FILE PHOTO: Rebel fighters of Jaysh al-Islam gather in Tal Farzat in the besieged rebel-held eastern Ghouta area of Damascus, Syria February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh
BEIRUT Fighting between rebel groups in the biggest insurgent stronghold near the Syrian capital Damascus entered a second day on Saturday while government forces pressed an offensive, a war monitor said.
The clashes broke out in part of the densely-populated rural area east of Damascus known as the Eastern Ghouta, which has been besieged by government troops since 2013.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said it had documented the deaths of at least 74 fighters since clashes between rebel groups broke out on Friday. It also reported civilian casualties.
Jaish al-Islam is pitted against the Failaq al-Rahman group together with fighters from an alliance with links to al-Qaeda, according to the Observatory, rebels and activists.
A Failaq al-Rahman statement on Friday said Jaish al-Islam attacked some of its positions and said the factional fighting was not in the interests of the Eastern Ghouta or the Syrian revolution.
Fighting between the groups killed hundreds of people last April before a ceasefire was agreed in Qatar in May.
The rift was exploited by Syrian government forces to capture parts of the Eastern Ghouta, whose territory shrank by about a third in the second half of last year.
Jaish al-Islam is one of the biggest Syrian rebel groups and has been the dominant faction in the Eastern Ghouta. Its leader, Zahran Alloush, was killed in an air strike in December 2015.
Jaish al-Islam said in a statement it shared the same goals as Failaq al-Rahman and called on them to contain the crisis, adding that its dispute was with the Hayat Tahrir al-Sham group (Liberation of the Levant Committee).
Hayat Tahrir al-Sham is an alliance of factions formed in January, whose members include Jabhat Fateh al-Sham, formerly al Qaeda's Nusra Front group.
During the fighting, Syrian government and allied forces attacked the rebel-held district of Qaboun northwest of Eastern Ghouta by land and air.
The Syrian government, which is backed by Russian air power and Iranian-backed militias, launched an offensive against Qaboun and neighbouring Barza, which are believed to contain supply tunnels for the besieged enclave, in February.
Government forces advanced slightly in Qaboun on Friday, the Observatory said.
(Reporting by Lisa Barrington; Editing by Janet Lawrence and John Stonestreet)
Pope Francis talks to journalists during a press conference on his return flight from Cairo to Rome April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Gregorio Borgia/Pool
ABOARD THE PAPAL PLANE Pope Francis said on Saturday a third country, such as Norway, should try to mediate the dispute between North Korea and Washington, to cool a situation that had become "too hot" and posed the risk of nuclear devastation.
Francis said he believed "a good part of humanity" would be destroyed in any widespread war.
Speaking to reporters aboard the plane taking him back from Cairo, Francis also said he was ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump when he is in Europe next month but that he was not aware that Washington had made a request for a meeting.
In answer to a question about the tensions between the United States and North Korea, Francis said the United Nations should re-assert its leadership in world diplomacy because it had become "too watered down".
"I call on, and will call on, all leaders, as I have called on leaders of various places, to work to seek a solution to problems through the path of diplomacy," he said about the North Korea crisis.
Representatives for the White House did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
Francis spoke after North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile shortly after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned that failure to curb Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile programmes could lead to "catastrophic consequences".
"There are so many facilitators in the world, there are mediators who offer themselves, such as Norway for example," he said in his customary freewheeling news conference with reporters at the end of each trip.
"It (Norway) is always ready to help. That is just one but there are many. But the path is the path of negotiations, of a diplomatic solution," he said in the discussion, which lasted about 30 minutes.
Norway secretly negotiated an agreement between Israel and the Palestinians known as the Oslo Accords in the early 1990s.
The pope expressed his deep concern over the crisis, saying: "This question of missiles in (North) Korea has been brewing for more than a year but now it seems the situation has become too hot."
He said: "We are talking about the future of humanity. Today, a widespread war would destroy -- I would not say half of humanity -- but a good part of humanity, and of culture, everything, everything.
"It would be terrible. I don't think that humanity today would be able to withstand it."
Trump is due in Sicily on May 26-27 for a meeting of the heads of the world's richest nations. The White House has not yet said if he would be stopping in Rome to meet the pope, which would be an unusual omission for a visiting head of state.
Asked if he would be meeting Trump, the pope said he had not yet been informed if a request had been made, but added: "I receive every head of state who asks for an audience".
(Additional reporting by Susan Heavey in Washington; Editing by Robin Pomeroy and Mary Milliken)
A dog looks at his owner ice cream at an ice-cream shop where ice cream is designed especially for canines in Mexico City, Mexico April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
A dog eats an ice lolly given by its owner at an ice-cream shop where ice cream is designed especially for canines in Mexico City, Mexico April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
A dog enjoys an ice cream given by its owner at an ice-cream shop where ice cream is designed especially for canines in Mexico City, Mexico, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
A dog looks at an ice cream at an ice-cream shop where ice cream is designed especially for canines in Mexico City, Mexico, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
A dog smells an ice cream at an ice-cream shop where ice cream is designed especially for canines in Mexico City, Mexico April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
A dog waits for its ice cream given by its owner at an ice-cream shop where ice cream is designed especially for canines in Mexico City, Mexico April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
A dog enjoys an ice lolly given by its owner at an ice-cream shop where ice cream is designed especially for canines in Mexico City, Mexico April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
A dog enjoys an ice cream given by its owner at an ice-cream shop where ice cream is designed especially for canines in Mexico City, Mexico April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
A dog enjoys an ice cream given by its owner at an ice-cream shop where ice cream is designed especially for canines in Mexico City, Mexico April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
A dog looks at an ice cream at a shop where ice cream is designed especially for canines in Mexico City, Mexico. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
Dogs enjoy ice cream given by its owners at an ice-cream shop where ice cream is designed especially for canines in Mexico City, Mexico April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
A dog looks at an ice cream at an ice-cream shop where ice cream is designed especially for canines in Mexico City, Mexico April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
MEXICO CITY Dogs with a sweet tooth can finally satisfy their ice cream cravings - at the Don Paletto parlor in Mexico City.
Owners can satisfy their pets' sweet cravings at the shop in the Mexican capital, which offers a variety of frozen cone and lollipop treats especially made for the animals.
Made of natural yogurt and lactobacilli bacteria, it can help digestion while normal ice cream can cause pain and diarrhea in dogs, according to shop owner Mauricio Montoya, who said the food is also safe for humans.
Flavors such as "Gentleman" and "Lucky Lucky" are advertised on the shop's board, where the pets lick the treats off a stick, a cone or out of a bowl.
"To eat the same food every day must be pretty boring for them," customer Liliana said, holding an ice cream lollipop for her dog. "I come (here) to pamper him a bit."
(Reporting By Reuters Television; Writing by Marine Hass, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
April 20 Singapore Medical Group Ltd :
* Singapore Medical Group acquires earnings accretive paediatric clinics for s$25.3 million
* Total consideration funded via issuance of new shares at s$0.54/share and payment of s$13.9 million in three tranches
* Singapore medical group ltd - co to acquire two paediatric clinics Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
With the changing lifestyles across the globe, the food habits of people are also changing. The onset of sedentary as well as hectic lifestyle has changed the way people consumer food. The food preferences have been altered, thus inclining consumers towards easy to eat and serve food and snacks. One of the most loved food item is cheese snack. Cheese snacks are consumed across the globe considering cheese being a fulfilling food item and is consumed at short snack time periods. Altering taste preferences and growing westernization are also responsible for the rising intake of cheese snacks across the globe. As a result, the global cheese snacks market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 5.2% from 2017 to 2025. Insights like these have been presented in a new report by Persistence Market Research titled “Cheese Snacks Market: Global Industry Analysis (2012 – 2016) & Forecast (2017 – 2025).”
Request Sample Report @ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/22366
Growing Preference of Savory Snacks to Bode Well for the Market
Tiring schedules and arduous lifestyles are diminishing the time spent on preparing healthy and nutritious meals. Skipping breakfasts and lunches these days is a common phenomenon amongst consumers who are trying to keep pace with the hectic lifestyle. As a result, easily available and convenient food items such as snacks have become a likeable and preferred option amongst almost all age group of consumers. Furthermore, traditional snacks are being remodeled in all regions and are heavily influenced by the trend for innovative flavors. Cheese snacks have been popular in regions such as North America and Europe, and now, the demand for cheese snacks has spread across the world.
The most frequently consumed cheese snacks are savory snacks such as extruded snacks and salted chips. Frozen and processed cheese are also gaining popularity, because they fulfill many objectives of the consumers such as inexpensive food which can be refrigerated and eaten at will, food which is equally tasty and savory, and satiates hunger. Despite the awareness and trend for junk-free food gaining traction, consumer addiction for cheese and other junk food items is expected to drive the growth of the cheese snacks market over the course of the forecast period.
Request to View TOC and Sample of Research Report @ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/research/cheese-snacks-market/toc
Baked Products to Gain Prominence Among Consumers
With consumers becoming more health consciousness and aware of the type of food they should eat ad diet they should follow, the demand for healthy snack options is increasing at a rapid rate. As a result, many consumers prefer baked item over fried while trying to avoid oil and fat. Cheese owns the tag of a ‘naturally functional whole food'. Hence, numerous manufacturers are marketing cheese snack as a health snack. In the recent past, cheese had been deemed as a culprit for cardiovascular diseases, and was also linked to other junk food related health issues.
However, recent advancements in scientific research have shed light on the nutrient profile of cheese, calling it a nutritional food product with proteins. Such growing awareness has ultimately led consumers to buy more cheese products. In some regions, cheese itself is often consumed as a snack. The consumption of cheese triangles, slices, dried pieces of cheese, etc., is very common in regions such as North America and Europe. In a nutshell, the demand for cheese perfectly complements the heavy snacking trend, fuelling the growth of the cheese snacks market.
Companies to Focus on Taste and Quality
In order to stay competitive in the market, players are focusing on enhancing the taste and quality of the food products in order to attract health conscious consumers as well. Some of the leading companies operating in the market are Sargento Foods Inc., PepsiCo, Inc., McCain Foods Limited, TINE SA, UTZ Quality Foods, LLC., ITC Limited, and General Mills, Inc.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/cheese-snacks-market.asp
David Einhorn, president of Greenlight Capital speaks at the Sohn Investment Conference in New York City, U.S. May 4, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK Hedge fund manager David Einhorn said on Wednesday that investors remain charmed by Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk, boosting the stock by 30 percent in the first quarter, even though the electric carmaker's performance did not justify such gains.
Einhorn's Greenlight Capital hedge fund bet against Tesla shares during the first three months of year, racking up losses on its short position. Greenlight did not disclose its current position on Tesla.
The fund's basket of shorts against what it considers to be bubble stocks, including Tesla, hurt its performance during the quarter, Einhorn said on an earnings conference call for Greenlight Capital Re Ltd, the insurer where he oversees its investment portfolio.
Einhorn also discussed General Motors Co, its biggest long position, but the automaker's shares rose just 1.5 percent during the first three months of this year. "GM trades at a significant discount to its intrinsic value despite the company's strong operating performance," Einhorn said.
In March, Greenlight announced a plan for GM to "unlock substantial shareholder value" by splitting its common into two classes of common equity.
Einhorn said by placing what Greenlight believes are conservative valuations on each component, "it's easy to get a value that is 27 percent to 79 percent higher than the current share price."
"We generally avoid public activism, but in this case management has misrepresented our idea, and we think our fellow shareholders deserve an opportunity of new way the merits of our plan for themselves," Einhorn said.
For its part, Einhorn suggested that Tesla remained a short position for Greenlight.
"For the time being, investors remain hypnotized by Tesla's CEO," Einhorn said. "We're skeptical that the company will be able to mass market its Model 3 at volumes and margins and justify the current valuation."
Model 3, Tesla's third-generation car, is on track for volume production by September, Musk said in February. He expects the rollout to help Telsa deliver five times its current annual sales volume, a key target in the automaker's efforts to stop burning cash.
Overall, Einhorn has had company in Tesla: Traders short-selling Tesla's soaring stock have lost $3.7 billion this year, eclipsing the combined losses of traders shorting Apple Inc, Amazon.com and Netflix.
(Reporting By Jennifer Ablan; Editing by Richard Chang)
Mansfield has another hit panto on its hands – oh yes it does.
The festive spectacular Jack and the Beanstalk at Mansfield Palace Theatre is a surefire winner with young and old this Christmas.
Held together by the comedic talent of the returning Adam Moss, back as Simple Simon “this year” – it could easily be renamed The Adam Moss Show such is his importance to the production – it tells the age old story of poor, impoverished Jack,played by Bradley Judge, and his battle up the beanstalk to defeat the giant Blunderbore and win the hand in marriage of Princess Jill, played by Clare Maynard.
It might not quite live up to the exceptionally high standards of last year's five-star production of Peter Pan, but Jack and the Beanstalk still has all the elements of a great pantomime.
After the vegetabl-loving fairy, played by Casualty and recording star Rebecca Wheatley, opens proceedings, Adam is given the stage to himself – and it is a stroke of genius as the laughs come thick and fast as he shows his talent to full effect. There is a perfect mix of jokes for children and adults as he really gets the audience engaged and has the show off to a brilliant start.
From there, the story is told in fine style with some wonderful songs, stunning costumes – particularly for the excellent Craig Ansell, as Dame Trott – and topical and not-so-topical jokes, covering subjects such as Brexit and Strictly Come Dancing.
Mark Little is the villainous Fleshcreep.
After a slow introduction, the classically-trained actor – another clever joke – comedian and former Neighbours star Mark Little comes into his own as the not-so-evil Fleshcreep, the giant's henchman, with some great one-liners and a memorable Mastermind sketch in a failed attempt to prove he is the cleverest of them all.
In truth, some of the jokes are a little to close to the knuckle for a family audience – while the gag got a lot of laughs from the adults, trying to explain a shih tzu punchline to an inquisitive six-year-old afterward was not so funny.
All the panto favourites are there – plenty of “oh yes he does” and “it's behind you” audience interaction throughout, a pantomime cow, as well as the audience sing-and-dance-along, all delivered by an excellent cast – special mention to Michael Chance, excellent as the forgetful King, and towering villagers “massive” Harry Cooper Miller and the slightly less tall Harry “Shorty” Lydon.
But what truly stands this panto apart is the 3D footage in the second half.
Clare Maynard is Princess Jill.
With 30,000 3D glasses in stock for the show's run, every member of the audience is given a pair at the start and then told when to put them on in the second half.
Then giant Blunderbore – previously just a booming voice from above – is introduced as he blunders through his castle chasing Jack and flicking flies into the audience, leading to lots of excited and slightly scared shrieks from the watching children, before a fabulous 3D ghosts and ghouls haunted scene, complete with the requisite “I wouldn't want to be grabbed by the ghosties” gag.
All in all, a night to remember.
Jack and the Beanstalk continue at Mansfield Palace Theatre until Sunday, January 7. For tickets, see mansfieldpalace.co.uk or call 01623 633133
April 20 Jiangsu Nhwa Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 15 percent to 30 percent, or to be 197.7 million yuan to 223.5 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (171.9 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of main business is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/aw5THs
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
HELSINKI A surge of energy coursing through their bodies helped Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir produce an electrifying short dance as the Canadians made a winning comeback with a record score at the world figure skating championships on Friday.
Back at the global meet for the first time since 2013, the 2010 Olympic champions proved they had lost none of the sultry moves or dazzling footwork that had earned them two world titles during Act I of their career.
On Friday, they broke their own world record by earning 82.43 points for their sassy, hip-swinging routine performed to a medley of Prince songs.
A slight loss of synchronisation on their side-by-side twizzles was the only flaw but even that blip could not prevent them from opening up an almost unbeatable lead of 5.54 points over twice-world champions and French training partners Gabriella Papadakis and Guillaume Cizeron.
To the delight of the crowd at Helsinki's Hartwell Arena, they finished their display to "Kiss" and "Purple Rain" with the latest reincarnation of their show-stopping 'goose lift'.
As Moir glided sideways in a crouched spread-eagle position, Virtue, clad in a shimmering purple and black catsuit, climbed onto his thighs before arching backwards with outstretched arms.
It was a performance that left the fans cheering and stamping their feet in approval.
"I felt really electrocuted, there was so much energy going through my body," a beaming Moir, who took a two-year break from the sport following their silver-medal performance at the 2014 Sochi Olympics, told reporters.
Virtue, who has been unbeatable this season, added: "Part of this comeback was to skate artistically in a way that we feel represents the place we are in right now as artists. The best part of that performance knew that we couldn't have done more on the ice."
That was not a sentiment shared by their French rivals, who ended the day with blood on their hands - literally.
Cizeron suffered a cut between two fingers as he grabbed his blade during their twizzle sequence. Visibly grimacing in pain, he missed a rotation and the judges punished the omission by downgrading the skill to a level three.
The 22-year-old later played down the mishap by declaring: "I got two stitches but I'm fine."
However, the injury clouds their medal hopes on Saturday as it could prevent Cizeron from pulling off the challenging elements, including lifts, in their free dance cleanly.
With only 0.64 of a point separating Papadakis and Cizeron from fourth-placed Americans Madison Chock and Evan Bates, one false move could leave the French out of the top three.
Madison Hubbell and Zachary Donahue completed a promising day for the Americans by finishing third with 76.53.
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar; editing by Mark Heinrich)
April 5 NRK Co Ltd :
* Says all of its second series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds have been subscribed on April 5
* Says it has raised 2.5 billion won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/bBNiIG
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
April 13 Bajaj Corp Ltd:
* March quarter net profit 526.7 million rupees
* March quarter net sales 2.04 billion rupees
* Net profit in March quarter last year was 542.6 million rupees as per Ind-AS; net sales was 2.08 billion rupees
* Says declared interim dividend of INR 11.50 per share Source text: bit.ly/2o8MFpY Further company coverage:
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
SEATTLE, April 13 Rockwell Collins Inc will try to sell more aircraft seats and interiors directly to plane makers, rather than airlines, now that it has acquired interiors maker B/E Aerospace, Rockwell Chief Executive Kelly Ortberg said on Thursday.
"This is an area where I think we can do more standard equipment with the OEMs," he said in an interview, referring to plane makers such as Boeing and Airbus.
"I think we can do more with Boeing as they look at what part of the interiors they want to standardize," he added.
Rockwell, an aircraft component maker, on Thursday said it closed on its $8.6 billion acquisition of B/E Aerospace, giving it exposure to that market.
Boeing last year chose privately held LIFT by EnCore as exclusive supplier of standard seats for the 737 aircraft, including the 737 MAX, which had a first flight on Thursday.
Airlines typically are responsible for buying seats, but delays in seat delivery by some suppliers prompted Boeing to begin buying directly to ensure that seats would arrive at its factories on time for installation.
"I certainly have intentions of putting some offers in front of all of our OEMs on how we could do more standard equipment for them," Ortberg said.
Ortberg also said Rockwell's revenue could take a hit from delay of a Delta Air Lines order for Airbus twin-aisle aircraft but that he does not think demand for big planes is weakening more than expected.
"If they move those airplanes to the right, then the revenues for the avionics and the interiors that go with those airplanes are going to move to the right," Ortberg said, referring to the potential delay of delivery of the widebody planes.
Delta said on Wednesday it was reviewing widebody orders with plane makers. "We continue to see excess capacity in widebodies," Delta Chief Executive Ed Bastian said on a post-earnings conference call.
Ortberg said he expects demand for large planes to improve after 2020, when Boeing's twin-aisle 777X enters service. Sales of large jetliners slowed sharply in recent years. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott)
April 5 Quorum Health Corp
* Quorum Health Corporation announces board of directors has completed its investigation related to the spin-off from Community Health Systems
* Quorum Health - determined that it would not be in the best interest of co to assert legal claims against Community Health Systems or its officers
* Quorum Health Corp - the investigation did not produce conclusive evidence of intentional misconduct or fraud by CHS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Refiles to add dropped word "respond" in last paragraph)
March 29 Volkswagen AG said the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has approved its request to sell up to 67,000 diesel vehicles from the 2015 model year, including about 12,000 currently in dealer inventory with approved emissions modifications.
The vehicles in inventory were held when the company issued a stop sale in September 2015, Volkswagen spokeswoman Jeannine Ginivan told Reuters.
Ginivan said the company was finalizing details of the program.
The EPA approved a fix for about 70,000 Volkswagen diesel vehicles in January.
The EPA did not immediately respond to a request for comment. (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Bhanu Pratap in Bengaluru; Editing by Leslie Adler)
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
Two people were seriously hurt when a tourist bus crashed on the road between Mossburn and Te Anau this morning.
In total 17 people were injured.
The crash took place about 8.10am on State Highway 94, on what was described as a very foggy and icy morning.
A tourist bus which crashed between Te Anau and Cromwell. Source: Supplied/NZ Police
The bus rolled on to its side and is at the bottom of Gorge Hill near The Key.
A map showing the location of a bus crash between Te Anau and Lumsden. Source: Google Maps/1 NEWS composite
Four people were flown to Dunedin Hospital, two of whom were seriously hurt.
The rest of the passengers were taken to the Fiordland Medical Centre in Te Anau by bus, with two of them now being flown to Kew Hospital in Invercargill.
A promising high school athlete who fell asleep behind the wheel of the car he was stealing from has been placed on probation for two years and ordered not to consume any drugs that are not prescribed by a physician.
The Welland youth, who was 17 when the offences were committed and can't be identified under provisions of the Youth Criminal Justice Act, pleaded guilty Wednesday in Ontario Court of Justice in Welland to several charges including possession of cocaine and possession of a weapon dangerous to the public peace.
Defence lawyer Jeff Root told the judge his client, who had no criminal record, had the talent to become an elite athlete before he became involved in Welland's drug subculture.
"He basically turned his bright future into a disaster," Root said. "He was throwing it all away."
On May 25, 2017, at about 7 a.m., court was told, a Welland man went to his car parked in his driveway on Commercial Street and discovered the teen sleeping inside.
The young man was dressed all in black and wearing a balaclava. A 13-inch knife was sticking out of his pocket.
The shocked resident called police and the defendant was arrested without incident.
When police search him, court heard, he was also carrying a stiletto-style knife as well as 100 grams of cocaine, some marijuana and a woman's wallet.
On the same day as his arrest, court was told, Niagara police were called to another Welland residence in regards to a theft from a vehicle which had occurred the previous day.
In that case, someone had entered two vehicles in the driveway and made off with a variety of items including the woman's wallet.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross holds a news conference at the Department of Commerce in Washington, D.C., U.S. March 10, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
WASHINGTON U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Thursday he hopes to start the 90-day countdown clock to launch a renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement before Congress takes its spring recess at the end of next week.
Ross told CNBC in a live interview that he needs leaders of the House Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee to sign off on the notification letter before a 90-day consultation period can start.
The administration has sent them a draft letter that lays out some of its negotiating priorities.
"There's no change in our thinking," Ross told CNBC. "This letter simply describes in very broad outline the topics that we will be discussing. So I don't think there's any great reason for you to overthink it."
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Bill Rigby)
MANCHESTER Dec 10 (Reuters) - MANCHESTER UNITED 1 MANCHESTER CITY 2
Soccer Football - Premier League - Manchester United vs Manchester City - Old Trafford, Manchester, Britain - December 10, 2017 Manchester City's Nicolas Otamendi celebrates scoring their second goal REUTERS/Darren Staples
Runaway Premier League leaders Manchester City moved 11 points clear at the top after a 2-1 win over Manchester United at Old Trafford in their derby clash on Sunday.
The victory means City are the first team to win 14 consecutive English top-flight games in the same season. The result ended United's run of 40 home games unbeaten in all competitions.
City's lead over second-placed United means the title is now theirs to lose and, while Pep Guardiola's side did not provide a classic display of their manager's attractive passing football, they showed they have the grit as well as the class to come through the toughest challenges.
Jose Mourinho's team selection suggested United's manager was intent on playing expansively, with Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford chosen as wide support to central striker Romelu Lukaku.
But United struggled to get any of their forward players involved as City dominated possession. Mourinho's team were let down by poor passing and struggled to keep the ball.
Gabriel Jesus, playing as the lone central striker with Sergio Aguero on the bench, had an early opening but shot tamely straight at United keeper David De Gea, as did Raheem Sterling when he wriggled some space.
City's dominance was rewarded in the 43rd minute although the breakthrough was not a product of clever passing but sloppy defending from United at a set-piece.
Soccer Football - Premier League - Manchester United vs Manchester City - Old Trafford, Manchester, Britain - December 10, 2017 Manchester City's Nicolas Otamendi scores their second goal REUTERS/Darren Staples
Romelu Lukaku failed to clear Kevin De Bruyne's inswinging corner and the ball fell to David Silva, who was played onside by Ashley Young. The Spaniard gratefully hooked the ball home.
Poor defending at the other end allowed United to get level before the break.
Marcos Rojo hit a hopeful diagonal cross into the City box but Nicolas Otamendi misjudged a header, Fabian Delph hesitated and Marcus Rashford pounced on the loose ball and drove low past Ederson.
Slideshow (10 Images)
At the break, City were forced to replace skipper Vincent Kompany with midfielder Ilkay Gundogan, a switch that meant Brazilian Fernandinho moved back into the defence.
United were also forced into a change with Marcus Rojo, who had suffered a head injury, replaced by Swedish centre half Victor Lindelof.
City restored their lead nine minutes into the second half after another piece of poor defending.
Silva whipped a free-kick into the box and Lukaku, who had a derby to forget, drove an attempted clearance into the back of teammate Chris Smalling. The ball looped to Otamendi who, making amends for his earlier mistake, showed great athleticism to volley home on the half-turn.
Guardiola shored up his back line by bringing on defender Eliaquim Mangala for Jesus and allowing Fernandinho to go back into his usual role in the holding midfield position.
City had keeper Ederson to thank for the three points after he produced a superb double save at close range six minutes from the end to keep out efforts from Lukaku and Juan Mata.
March 31 MKS Instruments Inc
* MKS Instruments makes a voluntary $50 million prepayment on its term loan
* MKS Instruments Inc - Prepayment is in addition to a scheduled principal payment of $1.6 million
* MKS Instruments Inc - Prepayment reduces outstanding principal amount of term loan to $575 million as of March 31, 2017, down from $780 million at origination Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BEIJING, Feb 2 (Reuters) - China's Dalian Commodity Exchange will allow foreign investment in domestic iron ore futures trading, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) said on Friday.
CSRC spokesman Chang Depeng told a press conference in Beijing that relevant preparations were under way to make the long-awaited move that will allow foreigners to participate, without providing a time frame. (Reporting by Tom Daly; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
News Desk
KARACHI: In recent development Mr. Shamim Ahmed Firpo President of Karachi Chamber of Commerce & Industry (KCCI) has addressed the grievances of the vast majority of Importers of Chinese Melamine Door Skins and Importers of MDF from Malaysia, Thailand & Indonesia for the members Karachi Timber Merchant Group (KTMG) and has written to Mr. Saleem Mandviwalla, Senator and also Chairman of Standing Committee Senate for Finance, Revenue, Economics Affairs, Statistics and Privatisation for withdrawal of letter written dated 17th October 2016. Letter with similar content was also sent to Federal Secretary of Commerce on the 17th October 2016.
Members of KTMG see this action as step in the right direction and thanked Mr. Shamim Ahmed Firpo President of KCCI for keeping up to his promise and considering their reservations promptly, KTMG also thanked governing body of KCCI, and also thanked Mr. Siraj Kassim Teli, Chairman Businessmen Group (BMG) for his utmost support in this entire scenario which is going on for a long time between the majority of the members of KTMG and only group of family companies.
Members of KTMG were satisfied that top notch of business community has understood the ill intentions by one particular group with by falsely mentioning two different type of products in same category. It is evident fact that primed moulded fibre door skin of Malaysian origin are a prime and very high quality Primed Molded Door skins whereas other one Chinese Melamine faced door skin is normal quality and standard.
But through using their well-placed connections at Revenue and at taxation departments, the other party not only misused KCCI's office by false information but also ashamed business community by being the only beneficiary of Pakistan Sri-Lanka FTA and also planning to be the only beneficiary of Pakistan Malaysia FTA in the segment of Primed Molded Door Skins by creating monopoly
Furthermore FTA's are meant to be for every Pakistani not for one particular group and must encourage import raw materials and intermediary goods not for finished goods and create monopolies . The raw material is Raw Medium Density Fibreboard (MDF).
Benefit extended to raw materials and intermediary products shall not only give boost to the locally functioning value addition factories but simultaneously shall provide business opportunities to furniture industry, carpentry work-shops, melamine lamination MDF factories, carving industry, painting industry and the local labours also.
(Adds closing market prices) By Bruno Federowski São Paulo, May 3 Brazilian stocks fell on Wednesday following a mixed batch of corporate earnings and ahead of a key vote on an overhaul of the country's pension system in Congress. The benchmark Bovespa stock index slipped 0.94 percent after rising 2 percent on Tuesday, with many traders taking a cautious stance as a congressional committee prepared to vote on the planned pension reform. Investors see reduced pension spending as crucial to efforts to rein in public debt and pull Brazil out of its deepest recession in decades. Shares of lender Itaú Unibanco Holding SA weighed on the index after rising defaults kept it from cutting loan-loss provisions as much as investors expected in the first quarter. Traders were also disappointed by Itaú's net income, which came in only slightly above analyst forecasts. Many had bet on stronger figures after earnings by rival Santander Brasil SA handily beat expectations. Shares of payment processor Cielo SA also slumped as declining revenues fueled concerns over its outlook despite higher-than-expected profits. The U.S. Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged on Wednesday and downplayed weak economic growth while emphasizing the strength of the American labor market, in a sign it was still on track for two more rate rises this year. The Fed's decision did not appear to have a big impact on currencies in the region. The Brazilian real ended 0.14 percent weaker against the dollar, while the Mexican and Chilean pesos slipped slightly and the Argentine and Colombian pesos firmed. Traders expect the real to be volatile in coming months on fears that lawmakers could block key austerity measures, a Reuters poll showed. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 2047 GMT: Stock indexes The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change MSCI Emerging Markets 985.74 -0.25 14.32 MSCI LatAm 2,642.48 -0.75 12.9 Brazil Bovespa 66,093.78 -0.94 9.74 Mexico IPC 49,099.98 -0.99 7.57 Chile IPSA 4,854.88 -0.48 17.44 Chile IGPA 24,349.26 -0.48 17.44 Colombia IGBC 10,202.49 -0.08 0.73 Currencies The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change Brazil real 3.1560 -0.14 2.87 Mexico peso 18.8550 -0.49 9.11 Chile peso 669.2 -0.15 0.22 Colombia peso 2,928 0.38 2.51 Peru sol 3.25 -0.06 5.05 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.28 0.16 3.89 Argentina peso (parallel) 15.84 0.82 6.19 (Reporting by Bruno Federowski and Mitra Taj; Editing by Tom Brown and Jonathan Oatis)
FILE PHOTO: Syrian refugees arrive at the camp for refugees and migrants in Friedland, Germany April 4, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
BERLIN The number of people applying for asylum in Germany has dropped steeply, figures showed on Monday, a sign that a deal between the European Union and Turkey to stem the flow of migrants is working.
The huge influx of migrants to Germany in the past two years has eroded the popularity of Chancellor Angela Merkel ahead of national elections in September and fuelled the rise of the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party.
But the AfD has seen its support plunge in polls since the sharp slowdown in the flow of migrants after the deal between the EU and Ankara was reached a year ago.
Around 47,300 people arrived in Germany between January and March, mostly from Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan, while 60,000 applied for asylum in that period, down two-thirds from the same period a year ago, the interior ministry said.
The German office for migration and refugees ruled on 222,395 asylum applications from January to March. About half the individuals were allowed to stay in Germany for the time being, but only a fifth were granted full refugee status.
Migrants who arrive in Germany are first registered at reception centres where they have to wait for months before they can file an asylum application, creating a huge backlog.
At the end of March, there were still around 278,000 outstanding applications to process, the ministry said.
A failed asylum-seeker from Tunisia killed 12 people in December by ramming a truck into a Berlin Christmas market, fuelling accusations by Merkel's opponents that mass immigration is making Germany more vulnerable to Islamist attacks.
(Reporting by Holger Hansen; writing by Emma Thomasson; editing by Andrew Roche)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
SONAKHAN, India, May 3 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The village of Sonakhan in the eastern Indian state of Chhattisgarh hardly looks like the site of a gold rush.
There are no gun-toting ruffians, nor squalid camps of desperate fortune seekers. The dusty village with its distinct reddish soil, is a collection of modest brick homes and small patches of cultivated land amid scraggly forest.
But the village, a two-hour drive from the capital Raipur, could soon be enveloped by India's first private gold mine.
Residents of Sonakhan - 'sona' is gold in Hindi - sift for flecks of gold on the banks of the river Jonk during the monsoon rains. They voice fears the mine will up-end their lives.
"When they dig for the mine, they will cut down trees and damage the forest. They will make the water dirty. Where will we go?" said Rajesh Singh, who cultivates a small plot of land.
"This land is sacred for us. We do not want to give it up to a big company that will destroy our homes and our livelihoods."
WHO ASKED THE LOCALS?
Vedanta, a unit of London-listed Vedanta Resources, last year won India's first auction of a gold mine, as the country opened up the sector to private companies.
The Baghmara mine has potential reserves of about 2.7 tonnes of gold, and officials have said mining will begin in two years. Vedanta said at the time that the mining block, measuring 6.08 sq km (2.35 sq miles), required extensive exploration.
Residents of Sonakhan said they first heard of the auction in the national newspapers. There were no visits by government officials to brief them, nor village council meetings to discuss the impact of the mine, they said.
Vedanta Resources did not respond to a request for comment.
Activists say mining activity will affect at least 24 villages in a range of 40-50 km.
"These people have been living here for generations, earning a living from the land and the forests," said Devendra Baghel, an activist with Dalit Adivasi Manch, which lobbies for the rights of indigenous and lower-caste communities.
"Now they have to deal with a mine in their backyard. Their way of life will end," he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
FLASHPOINT
Villagers have held rallies and made representations to state officials. They plan to keep protesting until they get more details on the mine's environmental impact, and assurances they will not be displaced.
Officials say their concern is misplaced - and premature.
"Vedanta is still surveying the land for gold. If they find gold worth digging for, then we will proceed," said Bhupendra Kumar Chandrakar, a deputy director in the mines department.
"They have to first see if it is viable; then we will see about the land and other details," he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
The Baghmara mine is the latest flashpoint in the resource-rich state, with past protests over coal and iron ore mines, and power plants that officials say are key to development.
Among India's least developed states, Chhattisgarh accounts for about 16 percent of the total value of minerals produced in the country. Gold could be It's next big money spinner.
India is one of the world's biggest gold importers behind China. Gold is a mainstay of the country's culture, and India buys about 800 tonnes of the yellow metal from abroad for weddings, festivals, religious offerings and as an investment.
THREATENED FORESTS
The race for resources in Chhattisgarh has pitted some of its most vulnerable people against officials keen to tap its valuable resources to spur economic growth and generate jobs.
There are 25 conflicts around coal and iron ore mines, power projects and steel plants in the state, affecting nearly 70,000 people, according to research firm Land Conflict Watch.
Indigenous people and lower-caste Dalits, who make up more than 40 percent of the state's population, face displacement and loss of livelihood as forests are cleared for industry.
"We would rather they give us our community forest rights, so we can be certain we won't lose our access to the forests," said Hemalata Yadav, the Sonakhan village chief.
"For us, that is more precious than any gold mine."
The Forest Rights Act of 2006, giving traditional forest dwellers access to forest products, has been poorly implemented, with Chhattisgarh among laggards in granting rights, according to research by the Rights and Resources Initiative, which advocates for indigenous and local communities.
Sonakhan has a legacy of protest.
A landlord, Veer Narayan Singh, was executed for leading a revolt against British rule in 1857.
The state has also witnessed a Maoist rebellion for more than three decades, with rebels accusing the government of plundering resources while ignoring the needs of villagers.
Villagers caught in the cross-fire between the rebels and security forces say they only want to hold on to their land.
"It's not that we don't want jobs and development, but this is our land. We should get to decide," said Singh in Sonakhan.
"We don't see any benefit from the mine. They can take all the gold they want as long as they leave us our land." (Reporting by Rina Chandran @rinachandran, Editing by Lyndsay Griffiths. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
CARDIFF, Wales — A depleted Wales brought an overhyped Scotland back to earth in the Six Nations by doing what it usually does to the Scots in Cardiff — beating them.
The only surprise was the scoreline, a whopping 34-7 with a four-tries bonus point on Saturday.
Valid expectations of a tight contest - Wales without eight Lions, more than 500 caps, and Scotland willing to give it a lash - were ripped up in the first minutes as Wales started fast with two tries to lead 14-0.
Scotland settled and drew the majority of possession but kept dropping passes or conceding penalties and didn't stress the Wales defence until the very end.
Wales fullback Leigh Halfpenny, who hadn't scored a test try in five years, scored two for the first time since the same fixture in 2012. Back then he collected 22 points, on this occasion 24, becoming the third Welshman after Neil Jenkins and Stephen Jones to pass 700 points in tests.
After bombing at least three other tries, Wales bagged a bonus-point fourth with a Steff Evans dive and one-hand touchdown in the left corner. Hadleigh Parkes' last pass was forward and missed by the officials, but it began from yet another turnover and Scotland, which hasn't won in Cardiff in 16 years, couldn't complain about the margin of defeat.
Scotland strung its longest series of phases together at the end for a converted try for replacement centre Peter Horne and prevented being blanked.
But the Scots, who have grown tough at home, still can't get over a woeful record away from Murrayfield: This was their 16th loss in their last 18 away matches in the championship.
Scotland's charity began in the sixth minute, when it was going nowhere near the touchline. Scrumhalf Ali Price tried a miss-pass, but straight to Wales counterpart Gareth Davies, who took the intercept 60 metres untouched to the try-line.
Then flanker Aaron Shingler blew through a huge gap, and captain Alun Wyn Jones was galloping to the line. But his offload wasn't as good as his forwards' support. No matter, Wales was still on attack, and Halfpenny expertly finished a two-on-one.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
BRUSSELS EU antitrust regulators blocked on Wednesday a joint bid by German cement producers HeidelbergCement (HEIG.DE) and Schwenk for Cemex's (CMXCPO.MX) Croatian business after the companies failed to address competition concerns.
The European Commission said the companies' proposal to grant rivals access to a cement terminal in southern Croatia was not sufficient as it only offered a competitor access to a storage facility without existing customers, brands or established access to cement, confirming a Reuters story on March 28.
The EU antitrust enforcer said the combined market share of the merged company would be 45-50 percent in Croatia, and exceed 70 percent in some parts of the country. Local rivals and importers would not have been able to compete effectively.
"We had clear evidence that this takeover would have led to price increases in Croatia, which could have adversely affected the construction sector. HeidelbergCement and Schwenk failed to offer appropriate remedies to address these concerns," European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said in a statement.
HeidelbergCement and Schwenk had wanted to buy Cemex Croatia from Mexico's Cemex through their Hungarian joint venture Duna Drava Cement (DDC) in a deal worth about 250 million euros. DDC is the largest importer in the region and Cemex Croatia its biggest producer.
HeidelbergCement and Schwenk in December last year challenged the Commission's decision to review the case rather than leaving it to the Croatian competition agency. It will take months before a lower court in Luxembourg hears the cases.
The Commission said that in this case the parties did not offer to divest an existing cement business, unlike the solutions accepted by the Commission in cement cases such as Holcim's acquisition of Lafarge and HeidelbergCement's takeover of Italcementi.
(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; editing by Philip Blenkinsop)
"We are such a highly integrated industry, I think numbers of this nature would be highly problematic … and it would really tend to undermine our competitiveness as an industry within North America, let alone Canada," said Mark Nantais, president of the Canadian Vehicle Manufacturers Association.
Matt Blunt, president of the American Automotive Policy Council and former Missouri governor, echoed that concern.
"We share the goals of the (Trump) administration to strengthen the U.S. manufacturing sector, grow the U.S. economy and American jobs," he said.
"We, however, are concerned the approach they are taking would be counterproductive to achieving those shared goals, including significant changes to rules of origin that would be harmful to the short and long-term competitiveness of the North American auto industry."
Unifor president Jerry Dias, whose union represents Canadian autoworkers, said he sympathizes with what the U.S. is trying to do: stop the exodus of manufacturing jobs, particularly in the auto industry, to low-wage Mexico.
But he said imposing stringent North American and U.S. content requirements, without simultaneously raising the 2.5 per cent tariff on vehicles imported to the U.S. outside NAFTA, would backfire. He predicted automakers would forgo their duty-free status under NAFTA, move their operations to Mexico and pay the tariff.
"Ultimately, unless they deal with the 2.5 per cent tariff, it's all worthless."
As for a specific U.S. content requirement, Dias said that simply "won't fly."
"For the U.S. to think that Canada is somehow just going to be bullied and is going to roll over and not protect their key industries while the U.S. is trying to do the same makes no sense," he said, noting that autos remain Canada's top export.
The protectionist line on auto rules of origin comes after the U.S. tabled an equally unpalatable proposal on government procurement at the third round of negotiations last week in Ottawa. The U.S. is looking to severely restrict the ability of Canadian and Mexican companies to win contracts on government-funded infrastructure projects in the U.S.
The mood among stakeholders during the third round was glum but Dan Ujczo, an Ohio-based trade lawyer with clients in both Canada and the U.S., said it's about 10 times worse now, with most expecting the talks to end in failure.
While the political leaders still talk about creating a "win-win-win" for all three countries, Ujczo said the only 'Ws' on stakeholders' minds during the fourth round will be "who will withdraw" and "when will withdrawal" occur.
A senior Canadian government official, not authorized to speak publicly on the matter, said Canadian negotiators will keep meeting and talking, even if it means repeatedly rejecting hardline U.S. proposals.
Adam Austen, a spokesperson for Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland, declined to comment on the auto content requirement issue because a U.S. proposal has still not been put on the table.
"We will continue to work for a good deal, but not just any deal. We will continue to make clear, reasoned arguments based in fact."
The Canadian Press
FILE PHOTO: A shopping cart is seen outside a Staples office supplies store in the Chicago suburb of Glenview, Illinois, February 4, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo
Cerberus Capital Management LP and Sycamore Partners are the two private equity firms actively exploring an acquisition of Staples Inc (SPLS.O), the U.S. office supplies retailer, people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.
Staple has held talks with several private equity firms over the last few weeks about a potential deal, the sources said. Cerberus and Sycamore have emerged as the frontrunners, as other prospective buyers have become discouraged by the challenges Staples faces in shifting its business model from serving consumers to catering to companies, the sources added.
Clayton Dubilier & Rice LLC , Advent International Corp and Bain Capital LLC are among the private equity firms that have also held discussions with Staples but are now less actively pursuing a deal, according to the sources.
A major hurdle for private equity firms in putting together an acquisition plan is foreseeing how they can successfully cash out on their investment a few years down the line, the sources said.
While Staples has sufficient cash flow to support a leveraged buyout, many firms struggle to see how they can take the company public or divest it at a significantly higher valuation than what they will pay for it, the sources added.
Private equity firms are also troubled by the divergent fortunes of its successful wholesale business and its laggard retail business, according to the sources. Staples still carries the cost burden of 1,255 stores in the United States and 304 stores in Canada. It recently announced plans to sell roughly 60 stores in North America.
Staples is continuing to explore a sale, and there is no certainty it will clinch a deal with either Cerberus or Sycamore Partners, the sources said, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential.
Staples, Cerberus, Sycamore Partners, Clayton Dubilier, Advent and Bain all declined to comment.
Staples, which made its name selling paper, pens and other supplies in retail stores, has seen the value of its stock stagnate after its previous agreement to merge with peer Office Depot Inc (ODP.O) was thwarted by a judge on antitrust grounds a year ago.
Staple has the largest market share of office supply stores in the United States at 48 percent, and its share has increased since 2011, according to Euromonitor.
Buyout firms have watched many of their investments in retailers sink as debt loads shackle them in the struggle with industry headwinds, including changing spending habits and the popularity of internet shopping.
A number of private equity-backed retailers, from Sports Authority Inc to Payless ShoeSource Inc, have filed for bankruptcy in the last two years.
As a result, the value of private equity-backed acquisitions of retailers worldwide fell last year to $18 billion, less than one-third of its 2007 peak, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Cerberus clinched another deal with Staples just last year, when it acquired a majority stake of Staples' European business for 50 million euros ($53.65 million). The deal was meant to allow the retailer to focus on its North American operations.
(Reporting by Lauren Hirsch and Greg Roumeliotis in New York)
A Canadian dollar coin, commonly known as the ''Loonie'', is pictured in this illustration picture taken in Toronto January 23, 2015. REUTERS/Mark Blinch
TORONTO The Canadian dollar will weather a "perfect storm" to regain some ground over the coming months, a Reuters poll showed on Wednesday, as a pickup in the domestic economy could prod the Bank of Canada to raise interest rates by next year.
The loonie CAD=D4 has lost 2 percent against the greenback this year, the weakest performance among G10 currencies. On Tuesday it touched a 14-month intraday low at C$1.3758.
Speculators have also ramped up bearish bets on the loonie to the most since February 2016.
However, a survey of more than 50 foreign exchange strategists shows they expect the Canadian dollar will recover to C$1.3500 in one month and firm further to C$1.3400 in a year, according to their median forecast.
The loonie is under pressure from myriad factors, including the fall in the price of crude oil, a major Canadian export.
Another headwind is the monetary policy divergence between the U.S. Federal Reserve, which began raising interest rates in December 2015, and the Bank of Canada, which has not hiked them since 2010.
Also weighing on the currency is the uncertain fate of the North American Free Trade Agreement, which binds Canada, the United States and Mexico. U.S. President Donald Trump said last week he would terminate it if negotiations on the accord became "unserious."
"Right now it is a perfect storm for the Canadian dollar, you have a dovish Bank of Canada; you have soft oil prices; you have import duties being slapped by the U.S. on Canadian lumber which gets investors worried that it could lead to worse things like other trade barriers," said Krishen Rangasamy, senior economist at National Bank Financial.
He expects the currency to turn the corner and firm to C$1.3300 in 12 months as current strength in the economy feeds inflationary pressures.
Economists say Canada's gross domestic product may have grown as much as 4 percent at an annualized rate in the first quarter following a strong expansion in the second half of 2016.
"Our view is that the currency has overreacted to these events and will strengthen from here," said Andrew Grantham, senior economist at CIBC Capital Markets. "We think this is the weaker end of the range that we are going to see over the next 12 to 18 months."
He added: "We have seen very strong growth in the Canadian economy ... which has seen us pull forward (to the first quarter of 2018) our expectations for the Bank of Canada to hike interest rates."
But the bank has played down the sustainability of recent growth.
In addition, the funding crisis at mortgage lender Home Capital Group Inc (HCG.TO) may spark a welcome cooling in Canada's housing market and take pressure off the central bank to tighten monetary policy.
Expectations of a central bank interest rate hike this year have dwindled, data from the overnight index swaps market shows. As recently as Friday, there was a one-in-four chance implied of a rate increase. BOCWATCH
Still, strategists expect the Bank of Canada to eventually adopt a more hawkish tone.
"There is a limit to how long you can stick to a negative story when things are improving," National Bank Financial's Rangasamy said.
U.S.-Canadian monetary policy divergence should narrow as Canada's economy reaches full capacity in the first half of 2018, said Eric Viloria, currency strategist at Wells Fargo.
(Polling by Indradip Ghosh and Vivek Mishra; Editing by Ross Finley and W Simon)
The logo of Swiss bank Credit Suisse is seen in front of a branch office in Zurich, Switzerland April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH Credit Suisse Group (CSGN.S) said on Wednesday trends in its Asia Pacific division in the first quarter had been broadly similar to those seen in the final quarter of 2016.
"These trends reflect continued momentum in our Wealth Management & Connected business, but a subdued environment for our Markets business," the bank said in a statement presenting restated financial information for all quarters from 2014 to 2016 as well as for the full years 2012 and 2013 for its divisions Swiss Universal Bank and Asia Pacific.
(Reporting by Silke Koltrowitz; editing by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi)
Two Hamilton men have been fined a total of $3,600 for hunting offences in the Dundas Valley.
According to the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry, Muhamet Qerreti pleaded guilty and was fined $1,000 for trespassing to hunt and $1,000 for unlawfully hunting deer without a licence. He was also fined $300 for possessing an un-encased firearm at night and received a one-year hunting licence suspension.
Imeri pleaded guilty and was fined $1,000 for trespassing to hunt. In addition, he was fined $300 for possessing an un-encased firearm at night, and received a one-year hunting licence suspension.
Court heard that on November 23, 2017, Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry conservation officers received a complaint on its tip line about hunting in the Dundas Valley Conservation Area.
Qatar says fighter jets deal shows deep U.S. support
DOHA, June 15 A $12 billion deal to buy Boeing F-15 U.S. fighter jets shows Qatar has deep-rooted support from Washington, a Qatari official said on Thursday, adding that its rift with some other Arab states had not hurt the U.S. relationship with Doha.
Huge Turnout Makes Annual Beach House Tour on Long Beach Island a Success
LBIF Seashore House Tour
Contact
Caryl Communications
Evelyn Weiss Francisco
***@caryl.com Caryl CommunicationsEvelyn Weiss Francisco
End
-- The doors of six private beach houses were open to the public on Aug. 2, attracting nearly 750 participants to the 51Annual Seashore Open House Tour, organized by the Long Beach Island Foundation of the Arts & Sciences (LBIF) based in Loveladies. Walters Homes supported the fundraiser by featuring one of their custom-built homes situated on the north end of the island in North Beach.The sustainably built beach house by Walters Homes emphasizes summer living at the Jersey Shore with a second-floor living area that overlooks the ocean. Other features include granite kitchen countertops and hardwood floors throughout. Designed as a multi-level, the beach house is elevated on pilings 9 feet above the Base Flood Elevation and offers 2,474 square feet of sprawling living space with four bedrooms and three decks. Additionally, Walters Homes partners with ENERGY STAR® to construct homes that are up to 30 percent more energy efficient than a typical new home. The builders' team also included Craig W. Brearley AIA Architect with interior design by Walters Homes' Danielle Edreff."Our research shows that Tour Attendees prefer to see a variety of homes," said Dianne Ahto, marketing coordinator for the LBIF House Tour Committee. "And there's no better place to see an array of architectural styles. From cottages to Victorians, traditional compounds to contemporary geothermal structures, LBI is a mecca for the Home Building Industry.""We've refined the way we choose our Tour homes," said Ahto. "In addition to contacting homeowners, we've invited architects, builders, interior and exterior designers as well as other members of the industry to nominate the homes they've helped to create. The House Tour Committee selects a balanced variety of structures to help captivate numerous market segments of the growing population. We make choices based on socioeconomic as well as geographic attributes such as affordability, square footage, beach fronts, bay and lagoon fronts, extended family compounds and sanctuaries."The LBIF, established in 1948, is a non-profit center for culture, education, and recreation. For more information, visit lbifoundation.org.Walters Homes is a division of Walters Group, an award-winning residential and commercial real estate developer with offices in Barnegat and Haddonfield, N.J. Founded in 1984, the privately held company builds custom homes, multi-family, affordable housing, retail and office projects.Two Walters Homes sales offices are located in Ortley Beach and Beach Haven West. At the Beach Haven West sales office, located at 880 Mill Creek Road in Manahawkin, visitors have the opportunity to tour the fully furnished four-bedroom West Wind model.For more information, contact the Ortley Beach sales center at 732-793-0300 or the Beach Haven West office at 609-597-6999. For additional details on the company, visit www.waltershomes.com
As Gambia's new president Adama Barrow settles into his new role, he is also taking steps to resuscitate international ties cut off by his predecessor Yahya Jammeh, including membership to the International Criminal Court and the Commonwealth of Nations.
The tiny West African nation has now formally informed the United Nations that it is reversing its request to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, made by Jammeh last October.
The new government issued a statement announcing its reversal on state television, Reuters reported. "As a new government that has committed itself to the promotion of human rights ... we reaffirm The Gambia's commitment to the principles enshrined in the Rome Statue of the International Criminal Court," the government said.
Jammeh's withdrawal from the ICC had not yet taken hold — according to the terms of the Rome Statute, a state's withdrawal goes into effect a year after initial notification.
At the time, Gambia had accused the court of being biased against Africans, with one government minister going so far as to describe it as the "International Caucasian Court," as The Two-Way reported. Gambia, like South Africa and Burundi, accused the court of ignoring crimes of non-African nations and took steps to withdraw late last year. Here's more from our previous reporting:
"Every person tried by the ICC since the treaty creating it was adopted in 1998 has been African. "Other war crimes trials have been carried out by ad hoc tribunals created after a specific conflict, such as those created for Yugoslavia and Cambodia, or for the Nuremberg trials conducted after World War II."
Clément Capo-Chichi, Africa regional coordinator with the Coalition for the International Criminal Court, told The Associated Press that the move is a "crucial victory for victims of grave crimes and the rule of law."
Barrow's road to the presidency was extremely tumultuous. In December's presidential election he defeated Jammeh, the leader of the Gambia for 22 years. But then Jammeh refused to step down, eventually resulting in West African military troops crossing Gambia's borders. After Barrow was sworn into office in neighboring Senegal, Jammeh eventually succumbed to massive international pressure and left the country.
He fled to Equatorial Guinea – incidentally, a country that is not a member state of the ICC.
Now, the new Gambian government is also receiving high-profile diplomatic visits and pledges of international support.
U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson paid Barrow a visit Tuesday, which the BBC describes as "the first to the Gambia by a British foreign secretary." On the agenda: Gambia's request to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations, an international organization comprised of 52 nations that were once British colonies.
The former leader pulled Gambia out of the Commonwealth in 2013, according to a statement from the organization. Now, a Commonwealth spokesperson said it welcomed the move: "We looked forward to the country's eventual return because it was part of our very close knit family and our doors have always remained open."
The European Union has also declared a "new chapter of relations with The Gambia." It froze assistance nearly three years ago, according to the BBC. But last week, EU Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development Neven Mimica traveled to the Gambia and announced a $79 million package of immediate support.
Jammeh had a dismal human rights record. Barrow appears to be taking steps to change that pattern. As Reuters reported, "police opened their first investigation on Monday into unresolved deaths and disappearances under Jammeh."
In a recent press conference, Barrow also stated that he intends to convene a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address human rights violations of his predecessor.
He was also candid about the scope of obstacles he faces: "There was a government here for 22 years. 22 years is a long time. And we are able to change the government after 22 years, so obviously there will be a lot of challenges. To look at all the system, and make a complete overhaul. I think that is a big challenge to my new government."
* Some 70 million Egyptians receive subsidised food
* Subsidies may be increased to ease impact of reforms
* Minister sees inflation easing by Dec after big leap (Recasts, adds AfDB loan)
By Ehab Farouk
CAIRO, March 30 Egypt's government is considering raising food subsidies provided to millions of people every month by 29 percent to help ease the impact of rising prices on poorer families, two sources at the finance ministry said on Thursday.
Around 70 million of the country's 92 million population are beneficiaries of a subsidy card programme that entitles them to 21 pounds ($1.16) worth of goods every month, in addition to five loaves of bread per person per day.
"We are considering increasing the level of support through the subsidy card in the 2017/18 budget to 27 pounds to alleviate the impact of the economic reform programme on low-income people," a senior ministry official who declined to be named told Reuters.
Another source said the ministry was also considering an exceptional 10 percent increase in salaries for government employees to partly offset recent price rises.
A surge in inflation to a 30-year high since Egypt dropped the pound's peg to the dollar in November has driven up living costs in the import-dependent country, with food and drinks prices rising over 40 percent in the year to February.
Details released on Wednesday after the draft budget was approved by the cabinet showed food subsidy spending was set at 62.585 billion pounds in the coming financial year, up from 49.544 billion expected for 2016-17.
Supply Minister Ali Moselhy had earlier this week put proposed food subsidy spending for next year even higher, at 86 billion pounds.
But he said on Thursday the budget did not include any increase in the monthly card subsidies. "Until now, there is no increase in the level of support via the cards," he said.
Finance Minister Amr El-Garhy declined to comment on the issue: "All things are being considered ... I don't want to go into them now," he said.
BUDGET CHALLENGES
Garhy told a conference in Cairo the government was trying to stick to an economic reform plan which has unlocked billions of dollars in loans from the International Monetary Fund and other lenders, while at the same time protecting people from the worst impact of the price rises.
"The budget has presented great difficulties and challenges, between implementing the economic reforms on one hand and retaining the social protection plan on the other," Garhy said.
The African Development Bank (AfDB) said it disbursed $500 million to Egypt on Thursday, the second of three expected tranches aimed at helping to revive the economy. The loan will support projects including social housing, youth employment and sanitation work.
The government's proposed 2017-18 budget will increase expenditure in local currency terms by nearly 20 percent to 1.188 trillion Egyptian pounds ($65.35 billion).
It targets GDP growth of 4.6 percent, with an expected deficit of 9.1 percent, compared to 10.5-10.7 percent in the current year.
Garhy said he predicted inflation, which rose to its highest level in more than three decades last month, would start easing by November or December.
Deputy Finance Minister Ahmed Kouchouk told the same conference that he expected to see inflation fall to an average of 15.2 percent during the 2017-18 financial year. Annual urban consumer price inflation hit 30.2 percent last month. ($1 = 18.1800 Egyptian pounds) (Additional reporting by Nadine Awadalla; Writing by Dominic Evans; Editing by Gareth Jones)
April 13 Takagi Securities Co Ltd :
* Says the company will be delisted from Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE), effective on April 28, as result of ToB offered by Tokai Tokyo Financial Holdings
* Previous release disclosed on April 5
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/i5aL58
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
COLOMBO May 2 The Sri Lankan rupee traded steady on Tuesday with the market expecting dollar inflows from a sovereign bond and syndicated loans, although importer demand for the greenback after a long weekend weighed on the currency, dealers said.
Sri Lanka expects to raise up to $1.5 billion via a sovereign bond issuance and another $1 billion from two separate syndicated loans.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards steady at 153.30/40 per dollar as of 0457 GMT, compared with Friday's close. The markets were closed on Monday for the International Labour day.
"The (importer) demand is there today, maybe after the long weekend, but rupee is trading steady," a currency dealer said, asking not to be named.
Dealers expect the rupee currency to stabilise on higher dollar liquidity after the expected inflows.
A government move to double the borrowing limit of development bonds to $3 billion in 2017 is also expected to increase liquidity.
Finance Minister Ravi Karunanayake on Thursday blamed "technical difficulties" for a two-month delay in receiving an around $160 million loan tranche from the IMF and said the disbursement was expected after June 14.
Sri Lanka has seen a rise in foreign inflows into equities and government securities since early this month, with foreign investors buying shares worth a net 13.7 billion rupees in 26 consecutive sessions through Friday.
Foreign investors have also net bought government securities worth 908.9 million rupees ($5.98 million) in the week ended April 26, extending the net inflow to 7.2 billon rupees in four consecutive weeks. But they have net sold 57 billion rupees worth of government bonds so far this year.
Sri Lankan shares were up 0.02 percent at 6,611.46 as of 0508 GMT. Turnover stood at 87.4 million rupees.
($1 = 151.9000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Kinross Gold Corp
* Kinross Gold reports 2017 first-quarter results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.11
* Q1 revenue $796.1 million versus $782.6 million
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.02
* Says again on track to meet our annual guidance for production and costs.
* Expects to be its 2017 capital expenditures guidance of $900 million
* Says tasiast phase one expansion on budget and on schedule to reach full production in q2 2018
* Qtrly production of 671,956 gold equivalent ounces, compared with 687,463 au eq. oz. In q1 2016
* Qtrly all-in sustaining cost of $953 per au eq. oz. Sold, compared with $956 in q1 2016
* Feasibility study for tasiast phase 2 is on schedule to be finalized in q3, when co expects to make development decision for the project
* Will enter into a contingent water supply agreement with cerro casale joint venture
* Expects to use any water supplied under such agreement for its chilean assets to enhance future optionality Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Debanjan Bose)
Demonstrators participate in a protest by the Yemeni community against U.S. President Donald Trump's travel ban in the Brooklyn borough of New York, U.S., February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
BOSTON Civil liberties groups on Wednesday said they were filing a series of lawsuits against the U.S. government seeking details on how federal agencies enforced President Donald Trump's ban on travellers from seven Muslim-majority countries.
The lawsuits were filed by local chapters of the American Civil Liberties Union against U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Department of Homeland Security and cover their operations in 14 cities stretching from Portland, Maine, to San Diego.
The suits are an attempt to enforce requests filed under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) just days after Trump signed his first executive order limiting travel.
That Jan. 27 order, intended to fulfil a campaign promise to take a tough stance on immigration, first temporarily barred travellers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order, which also temporarily barred refugees, led to a weekend of chaos at U.S. airports with travellers barred from entering the country upon landing while thousands of people turned out to protest the measures.
A federal judge ordered a halt to enforcement of that ban and Trump followed up in March with a less-sweeping order that did not limit travellers from Iraq, but which has also been challenged in courts. Opponents said the orders violated the U.S. constitution's prohibitions on religious discrimination, citing Trump's campaign promises to impose a "Muslim ban."
The Trump administration said the restrictions are legal and are necessary to protect U.S. national security.
The suits, filed in federal courts, seek disclosure of how many people have been detained or subjected to additional screening since the first executive order as well as the guidance that was provided to DHS staff about how to enforce the order.
"Customs and Border Protection has a long, rich history of ignoring its obligations under the Freedom of Information Act and so these lawsuits are an effort to enforce its obligations," said Zachary Heiden, legal director at the ACLU of Maine, in a phone interview. He noted that the ACLU filed its FOIA requests for information on Feb. 2.
Officials at CBP and DHS did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the suits.
In addition to Portland and San Diego, the suits cover CBP operations in Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Detroit, Houston, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle, Tucson, Miami and Tampa. One suit filed in Florida covers the two cities in that state.
(Reporting by Scott Malone, editing by G Crosse)
ROCHESTER, N.Y. — Andreas Johnsson scored and added two assists as the Toronto Marlies doubled the Rochester Americans 4-2 on Friday in American Hockey League play.
Miro Aaltonen and Vincent LoVerde had back-to-back goals in the third period as the Marlies (33-11-1), the AHL affiliate of the Toronto Maple Leafs, broke a 2-2 deadlock. Richard Clune also scored for Toronto, while Garret Sparks made 26 saves for the win.
Arvin Atwal and Brian Gionta replied for Rochester (25-11-10). Linus Ullmark stopped 27 shots in net.
Neither team scored on the power play. The Marlies went 0 for 2 and the Americans were 0 for 3.
March 30 Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* Merrimack stockholders approve sale of Onivyde and generic version of Doxil to Ipsen for up to $1.025 billion
* Expects transaction to be completed in coming days Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, United States March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK Some of Wall Street top banks marked down their growth estimates on the U.S. economy in the first quarter as they blamed disappointing data on consumer spending in February on mild weather and slow payout of tax refunds.
The banks' forecasts for gross domestic product expanding in a 1.0 percent-1.5 percent range reinforced the view of another weak start for the world's biggest economy going back to 2014.
Earlier Friday, the Commerce Department said consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, edged up 0.1 percent. That was the smallest increase since August and was weaker than a 0.2 percent rise in January.
J.P. Morgan (JPM.N) economist Michael Feroli said in a research note he lowered his view on U.S. gross domestic product in the first quarter to 1.0 percent from 1.5 percent.
"Some of that weakness may be transitory: warm weather depressed utility spending in January and February to its weakest two month stretch in over 25 years. The slow payout of tax refunds may have also hindered spending growth in the first two months of the year," Feroli wrote.
Barclays (BARC.L) economists downgraded their tracking estimate on first-quarter GDP to 1.4 percent from 1.6 percent, while Goldman Sachs (GS.N) analysts reduced their to view 1.5 percent from 1.8 percent.
Another sluggish annual start for GDP has been consistent for the past several years, tracing back to the first three months of 2014 when GDP contracted by 2.9 percent because of an unusually chilly winter across the country that damped business activity.
A rebound in economic growth has also followed a weak first-quarter.
J.P. Morgan's Feroli upgraded his GDP estimate for the second quarter to 3.0 percent from 2.0 percent in anticipation of rebound in consumer spending.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Grant McCool)
A general view shows The Palace Theatre where the Harry Potter and The Cursed Child parts One and Two play is being staged, in London, Britain July 30, 2016. REUTERS/Neil Hall
A display hangs outside The Palace Theatre where the Harry Potter and The Cursed Child play is being staged, in London, Britain July 29, 2016. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
LONDON "Harry Potter And The Cursed Child", a stage adaptation of J.K Rowling's fantastical world of witches and wizards, cast a magical spell at the Olivier Awards on Sunday, scooping nine wins at Britain's big night for theater.
The critically-acclaimed production, which opened last year in London's West End, went in with 11 nominations. Its victorious haul made it "the most decorated production in the ceremony's history", awards organizers said.
The eighth story in the "Harry Potter" series, the play follows Rowling's young boy wizard and friends Ron and Hermione into adulthood. It took the best new play, the best actor, the best actor and actress in a supporting role as well as the best director.
"The power of imagination is infinite," director John Tiffany said in his acceptance speech. "We need it now more than ever."
Jamie Parker, who portrays the older Harry, won the best actor, beating off competition from the likes of Ian McKellen and Ed Harris. Anthony Boyle, who plays Scorpius Malfoy, took the best actor in a supporting role while best actress in a supporting role went to Noma Dumezweni, who plays an adult Hermione.
"Thank you J.K. Rowling for creating Hermione and...the privilege of being able to play Hermione is overwhelming and humbling," Dumezweni said.
The play also won best lighting design, best sound design, best costume design and best set design.
Other winners at the glitzy ceremony at London's Royal Albert Hall included children playing instruments in "School of Rock", composer Andrew Lloyd Webber's adaptation of the 2003 comedy film, who won in the outstanding achievement in music category.
"Groundhog Day", an adaptation of the famed 1993 film starring Bill Murray, won the best new musical as well as the best actor in a musical for Andy Karl.
"Glee" actress Amber Riley scooped the best actress in a musical award for "Dreamgirls" while fellow cast member Adam J Bernard won the best actor in a supporting role in a musical.
Billie Piper won the best actress for "Yerma", an adaptation of the play by Federico Garcia Lorca, which won the best revival.
"Jesus Christ Superstar" won the best musical revival. "Our ladies of Perpetual Succour" won the best new comedy while "Akhnaten" took the prize for best new opera production.
Actor and director Kenneth Branagh was honored with the Special Award in recognition of his "outstanding contribution to British theater".
Performances on the night included songs from musicals "The Girls", "Dreamgirls" and "School of Rock".
(Reporting By Marie-Louise Gumuchian; additional reporting by Ania Poullain-Majchrzakp; editing by Susan Thomas)
BP's Dudley seen reigning for years to restore major's might
LONDON, June 15 When BP boss Bob Dudley clinched a final deal to settle litigation over the deadly Deepwater Horizon disaster, many oil industry executives and investors thought his mission was accomplished.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City have completed the signing of Isaac Vassell from Luton Town.
The 23-year-old forward has agreed a four-year contract at St Andrew's to become Harry Redknapp's fourth summer signing.
Vassell is available to play against Bolton Wanderers tomorrow evening.
But what can Blue fans expect from their newest recruit?
Describing his attributes, Vassell told bcfc.com: “(I am) Definitely quick. Powerful, really. And I have got an eye for goal.
"Probably a defender's nightmare!
"My favourite position is being off the shoulders, getting in behind teams. Using my pace.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Vassell, who scored 16 goals in 32 starts for Luton, played spent a period playing non-league football after being released by Plymouth Argyle.
Now, he's itching to get going in the Championship.
"I am absolutely buzzing, I can't wait to get going," he added.
"It's been going on for the past couple of months, that sort of thing, and once the club put in a bid that was accepted, I was just so excited and I am looking forward to moving on to the next chapter in my career now.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
* NTPC leads next wave of offshore financings
By Krishna Merchant
SINGAPORE, May 2 (IFR) - Indian issuers are dusting off plans for offshore rupee financings after a rebound in the currency brought so-called Masala bonds back on investors' radar.
State-run power producer NTPC last Tuesday raised 20 billion rupees ($312 million) from five-year Masala bonds at a yield of 7.28 percent, after Housing Development Finance Corp set a new Masala milestone with a 33 billion rupees deal at 7.35 percent earlier in the month.
National Highways Authority of India also began marketing a maiden issue of Masala bonds to raise up to 50 billion rupees and Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services selected six banks for investor meetings.
The stop-start Masala market is attracting renewed interest as the Indian rupee has strengthened 5.7 percent year to date against the US dollar.
“Masala bonds are certainly one way to play the currency view,” said Arthur Lau, co-head of emerging market fixed income and head of Asia fixed income at PineBridge Investments, which can invest in both local and offshore rupee bonds.
"The market in general is sanguine about India's economic outlook. This, along with a less bullish view on the US dollar in the near term, provides a more positive view on emerging market currencies, including the Indian rupee."
Masala issuance failed to live up to initial enthusiasm following HDFC's debut offering in July last year, and the resurgence of the format points to growing global confidence in India's economy.
"Foreign investors that don't have India access can play the India macroeconomic story and INR view through the Masala bonds," said Doug Stephen, Deutsche Bank's head of private debt syndication for Asia Pacific.
Masala bonds are in demand even though onshore rupee bonds offer higher yields. For example, NTPC's five-year Masala was priced at 7.28 percent, 22bp lower than similar-tenor bonds onshore which were trading at 7.5 percent.
There is international appeal, though, because Masala bonds have some investor-friendly features.
Issuers typically absorb the 5 percent withholding tax on rupee coupon payments, and investors have the advantage of settling the bonds via Euroclear or Clearstream.
"Investors don't pay withholding taxes on coupons or capital gain taxes that would normally be payable for Indian onshore bonds, although these are generally reflected in the lower coupon of Masala bonds," said Neeraj Seth, head of Asian credit at BlackRock. CURRENCY OVERVALUED? India has recorded strong foreign portfolio inflows in recent months, with 510 billion rupees coming into the onshore debt market since February. Its stock market is Asia's best performer of 2017, climbing 12.8 percent to April 27.
Rising markets and a stronger rupee point to renewed hopes of structural economic reforms under Prime Minister Narendra Modi, whose Bharatiya Janata Party won the Uttar Pradesh state election last month.
Onshore debt quotas have frequently been under-utilised, but are now filling up fast. Around 77 percent of the foreign portfolio investor debt limit was already utilised in government bonds and 81 percent of the limit was utilised in corporate bonds as of April 26.
BlackRock's Seth expects demand for Masala bonds to grow further when the quota available to foreign investors to invest in Indian government bonds is fully utilised.
However, not everybody agrees about the attractiveness of the offshore bonds.
"We are not a big fan of Masala bonds," said Leong Lin-Jing, investment manager in the Asian fixed income team of Aberdeen Asset Management, which has access to onshore bonds. The returns on Masala bonds are not enough, she said, since the market lacks structural investor support, has poor liquidity and a concentrated investor base, raising the risk of a rush for the exit when sentiment turns negative.
The currency's recent outperformance may also have left it overvalued. Sanjay Mathur, chief economist for South-East Asia and India at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, predicts "a modest weakening of rupee as the economy recovers by end of the year”, from the current levels of 64.11 against the dollar.
Some asset managers also pointed to the renminbi depreciation in 2015 which led to huge losses for holders of Dim Sum bonds – another asset class that was driven by investors hoping for currency appreciation. (Reporting by Krishna Merchant; Editing by Daniel Stanton and Steve Garton)
H&M sales miss forecast after rough start to May
STOCKHOLM Sweden's H&M reported slower than expected sales in May, the latest in a string of soft sales numbers from the world's second biggest fashion retailer, and said it had faced tough conditions in many of its markets early in the month.
A driver who crashed his van into a speeding car helped police catch a man carrying 10 bags of heroin.
Footage shows the helpful driver swerving his van across a road in Detroit to smash into the front of a car that was being chased by police.
The car belonged to Kolbe Jordan, according to the Detroit News, wanted by police for a suspended license and traffic violations and who had prior convictions for drugs offences.
When officers had tried to flag him down, Jordan sped off in his Chevrolet, starting a high speed car chase that only ended when the unnamed van driver crashed into the car, trapping Jordan inside.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo speaks about the tax amnesty program to members of the business community in Jakarta, Indonesia February 28, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Picture taken February 28, 2017. Antara Foto/Akbar Nugroho Gumay/via REUTERS
HONG KONG (Reuters Breakingviews) - Indonesia's tax amnesty could have been a real nightmare for the world's top private banks. Instead, the scheme, which resulted in the disclosure of $365 billion in assets, has turned out to be a blessing in disguise resulting in limited actual outflows to Indonesia and providing a chance to wash away undesirable customers.
Nearly 1 million Indonesians disclosed assets previously unknown to the taxman in a nine-month long scheme, which ended on March 31 and now ranks as the most successful in Asia. All past sins were forgiven in exchange for a modest penalty ranging from 2 to 5 percent of assets, or double that for assets declared but not repatriated.
The bold scheme, launched last year with great fanfare, initially alarmed private bankers. Some feared a flood of money would head back home. This was particularly true for wealth managers in Singapore, where Jakarta says an estimated $200 billion of Indonesian assets are held.
In the end, only a fraction of the headline amount actually flowed out of private banks with Indonesians still preferring to keep large sums of money outside of the country. Assets worth just over $11 billion were moved back to Indonesia against around $77 billion declared to tax authorities but legally left overseas.
Indeed, Credit Suisse disclosed in its annual report that its Asia Pacific wealth management division had seen in the three months to December 1.4 billion Swiss francs ($1.4 billion) of regularization outflows, a term often used to describe money taken out to join amnesty schemes. Its Swiss compatriot UBS said total cross-border outflows amounted to 7.4 billion Swiss francs in the same period, mainly in emerging markets and Asia Pacific. Neither bank gave specific details about Indonesia.
That is a small price to pay for clearing some big risks off the balance sheet and avoiding future regulatory headaches or even fines. Assets moved onshore may even be recouped over time as banks progressively expand their footprint in Asia, beyond the traditional money hubs of Singapore and Hong Kong.
Wealth managers also privately concede the amnesty was an opportunity to get rid of some of their more problematic clients without causing too much offence, effectively killing two birds with one stone.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Masque Productions return to perform the side-splitting comedy Fur Coat and No Knickers by Mike Harding at the Palace Theatre, Mansfield, from Wednesday, March 1, to Saturday, March 4.
We have two pairs of tickets up for grabs to see the Saturday matinee on March 4, from 2.30pm, in our latest competition.
The play centres around two Northern families who have grown up in the same district.
One family - dad a counsellor and mum a lady who lunches - have moved up in the world whereas the other family still live in the same street they started out in. Trouble begins when the daughter and son from each family decide to marry.
Add in an explosive situation at a stag party involving a stripper, a drunken Irish priest and a father who thinks that Mussolini's political philosophy is the answer to the country's problems. Put in a pot-smoking younger brother, a grandad who can drink everyone under the table and mothers of the bride and groom prepared to do battle with their handbags at high noon, and you have the perfect recipe for a hilarious, fast-paced comedy from Mike Harding, the ‘Rochdale Cowboy'.
Get your tickets to the wedding as they are in great demand.
Evening performances start at 7.30pm with a Saturday matinee commencing at 2.30 pm. Tickets are £11 (no concessions). Call the box office on 01623 633133.
But to be in with a chance of winning one of the two pairs of tickets up for grabs in this competition, answer the following question correctly:
What was the nickname of Mike Harding, who wrote Fur Coat and No Knickers?
Send your answer, along with your name, address and daytime telephone number, to steve.eyley@jpress.co.uk
Entries need to reach us by midday on February 27 at the latest.
Normal competition rules apply and the editor's decision is final. For terms and conditions see the homepage of this website.
FILE PHOTO: Gary Cohn walks through the lobby at Trump Tower in Manhattan, New York City, U.S., December 13, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said in a private meeting with lawmakers that he supports a policy that could revamp Wall Street's biggest firms by separating their consumer-lending businesses from their investment banks, Bloomberg reported, citing sources.
The National Economic Council director, also a former Goldman Sachs (GS.N) president, said he favors a system of banking where firms like Goldman Sachs focus on trading and underwriting securities, while companies like Citigroup Inc (C.N) primarily issues loans, Bloomberg said. bloom.bg/2nZK5n1
The White House was not immediately available for comment.
In the meeting which was arranged by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo, Cohn had discussions on topics including financial regulations and overhauling the tax code. The meeting included lawmakers from both political parties and their staffs, Bloomberg reported.
On Tuesday, President Trump said his administration is working on changes to the Dodd-Frank banking regulations that will make it easier for banks to loan money.
Last month White House spokesman Sean Spicer said during a briefing with reporters that Trump still backs his campaign pledge to restore the Glass-Steagall Act. The law, which separated commercial and investment banking activities, was repealed in 1999 and, if reinstated, would mainly apply to larger banks.
(Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
SHANGHAI/BEIJING, March 31 Bank of China Ltd (BoC) , the country's fourth-largest lender by assets, on Friday said net profit fell about 24 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016, missing analyst estimates.
Profit reached 29.8 billion yuan ($4.32 billion) for the three months ended December, from 39 billion yuan a year prior.
The result compared with an average estimate of 32 billion yuan from 16 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters.
For 2016, net profit rose to 164.578 billion yuan from 170.85 billion yuan a year earlier.
BoC's non-performing loan ratio was 1.46 percent as at end-December, from 1.48 percent at end-September. ($1 = 6.8904 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Engen Tham in SHANGHAI and Matthew Miller in BEIJING; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
WASHINGTON — Two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer is scheduled to pitch Game 3 of Washington's NL Division Series against the Chicago Cubs, after Gio Gonzalez starts Game 2.
Nationals manager Dusty Baker finally announced his rotation plans, just a few hours before Game 1 against the defending World Series champions Friday night.
Scherzer's playoff debut this year was delayed because he tweaked his right hamstring in his last regular-season appearance. He had been slated to throw a bullpen session off a mound Wednesday, then Thursday, but finally did so on Friday.
Gonzalez was 15-9 with a 2.96 ERA this year. Saturday's game against Cubs lefty Jon Lester will be Gonzalez's fifth post-season start but only second at home. His other Nationals Park playoff outing came in 2012, when he was staked to a 6-0 lead in a 9-7 loss to St. Louis in the deciding Game 5 of an NLDS.
The left-hander said he had been preparing to pitch in Game 3 at Wrigley Field until he was told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2.
Washington's batting order against Kyle Hendricks in the opener included 2015 NL MVP Bryce Harper hitting second, after leadoff man Trea Turner. Anthony Rendon hits third, followed by Daniel Murphy and Ryan Zimmerman. Harper returned last week after missing 42 games with an injured left knee.
"Perhaps he'll get fastballs with Trea getting on base, which is important, and we know that Bryce isn't back 100 per cent timing-wise," Baker said. "So you want to not have him in those key RBI situations right now. By next week or end of this five-game series, we might do something different."
Chicago's lineup against Nationals righty Stephen Strasburg on Thursday also has a past NL MVP in the No. 2 hole: 2016 honoree Kris Bryant, who is followed by Anthony Rizzo, Willson Contreras and Kyle Schwarber.
Cubs manager Joe Maddon explained his choice of Schwarber this way: "It's hard to, like, string a bunch of hits together against a guy like Strasburg. So just chose power tonight, as much as anything."
The teams' NLDS rosters were released Friday morning, and John Lackey made Chicago's 25-man list. Lackey was not among the starting pitchers that Cubs manager Joe Maddon already had announced, so his status was in doubt. Lackey, a right-hander, has won three World Series titles, but he was only 12-12 with a 4.59 ERA this season for the NL Central champions.
LONDON May 2 Details of a €3.175bn debt financing backing the buyout of German drugmaker Stada have emerged, according to documents.
Private equity firms Bain Capital and Cinven won an auction for Stada last month after substantially increasing a previous bid to about €5.3bn. Stada said that the buyers would fund about half of the deal with €2.6bn in equity and the rest with debt.
It is the largest leveraged financing so far this year and gives investors the new buyout deal they have been calling for amid a relentless round of repricing and refinancing.
The financing is expected to comprise a €1.95bn seven-year senior secure term loan B facility; €485m of seven-year senior secured fixed rate bonds; €340m of eight-year senior unsecured fixed rate notes; and a €400m seven-year revolving credit facility.
The split could alter depending on demand as Stada has decided to tap the three different pools of euro liquidity to secure the most attractive terms, banking sources said.
Barclays, Citigroup, Commerzbank, Jefferies, JP Morgan, Nomura, Société Générale and UBS have underwritten the financing and a further one or two banks are expected to join the deal, which is set to launch for syndication to investors in June, the banking sources said.
Barclays, Nomura and UBS are leading the TLB financing, Citi is leading the secured bond and JP Morgan is leading the unsecured bond, the sources added.
Bain and Cinven had been vying with a rival consortium consisting of Advent and Permira for control of Stada. Both suitors previously bid €4.7bn including debt. (Editing by Christopher Mangham)
Tess Thompson Talley is grinning, hunting rifle in hand, in front of the dead giraffe, as she points to the sky in the way quarterbacks do after throwing touchdown passes.
The photos were taken in South Africa in June 2017, NBC's "Today" show and other media outlets reported, but only recently have social media and celebrity accounts been flooded with them, attached to condemnations of Talley's hunt as barbaric and cruel — an echo of 2015's killing of Cecil the lion.
Africland Post referred to Talley as a "white American savage" in a mid-June tweet. Actress Debra Messing called her a "disgusting, vile, amoral, heartless, selfish murderer" in an Instagram post last week, with comedian Ricky Gervais criticizing her through his typically unprintable words.
Messing wrote on Instagram: "Tess Thompson Talley from Nippa, Kentucky is a disgusting, vile, amoral, heartless, selfish murderer. With joy in her black heart and a beaming smile she lies next to the dead carcass of a *rare* black giraffe in South Africa. Giraffes are the epitome of gentle giants. They glide across the plains, like liquid; awe inspiring creatures who spend their days eating leaves and caring for their young. How DARE she. A rare animal that will be extinct by the time her grandchildren can go and gutlessly sit in the brush with a scope and pull a trigger. It does not take skill to have a ranger track a giraffe for you, and with the aid of night vision glasses and a scope, pull a trigger like some Carnival game. If you need to eat a giraffe? Get a bow and arrow and make it at least a fair fight. I am disgusted by people like you Tess. You reek of privilege and ignorance. Shame on you. And your husband Andrew Claude. Unconscionable. Irreparable damage. Irreplaceable beauty."
Talley, a Kentucky woman, did not respond to a request for comment from The Washington Post. But in a statement released to the media, she defended her hunt, saying that by slaying the giraffe, she helped conserve the animals through "game management," protecting the giraffe population because the animal shot was too old to breed but had killed three younger bulls.
"The giraffe I hunted was the South African subspecies of giraffe. The numbers of this subspecies is actually increasing due, in part, to hunters and conservation efforts paid for in large part by big-game hunting. The breed is not rare in any way other than it was very old. Giraffes get darker with age," she told the Today show in a statement.
Talley is correct. It does appear the black coat is a byproduct of age and not indicative of a rare species, Giraffe Conservation Foundation co-founder Julian Fennessy told Yahoo Lifestyle.
Fennessy identified the animal as the Southern giraffe, which is not only not rare but increasing in the wild, he said.
"Legal hunting of giraffe is not a reason for their decline, despite the moral and ethical side of it, which is a different story," he said.
It's unclear if Talley is correct in asserting big-game hunting and the revenue generated by it contributed to growth in the giraffe population.
OSLO, April 20 The sale of new Norwegian homes rose by 9 percent year-on-year in March while housing starts rose by 58 percent, the Norwegian Home Builders' Association (NHBA) said on Tuesday.
The data may have been skewed by the Easter break, the NHBA said, as the holiday in 2016 took place in March while in 2017 it happened in April.
In February, homes sales fell by 11 percent from the same month of 2016, while housing starts rose 2 percent.
So far this year the sale of new homes is up 3 percent from last year while housing starts are up 37 percent. (Reporting by Camilla Knudsen, editing by Terje Solsvik)
March 31 Synthesis Electronic Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to buy 66 percent stake in Fujian IT firm for 19.8 million yuan
* Co plans to pay cash div 0.6 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/grI1qz ; goo.gl/Wmfmu3
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Cans of Dulux paint, an Akzo Nobel brand, are seen on the shelves of a hardware store near Manchester, Britain, April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Phil Noble
Dutch paint maker Akzo Nobel NV's (AKZO.AS) supervisory board is scheduled to meet on Tuesday to discuss how to proceed after deeming PPG Industries Inc's (PPG.N) latest $29 billion offer to be insufficient, people familiar with the matter said.
Akzo believes that PPG's third acquisition bid, which was unveiled on April 24, still does not value the company highly enough, especially in light of Akzo's plans to unlock value by exploring a spin-off or sale of its speciality chemicals business, and the risks it sees in the potential deal, the sources said.
However, Akzo is studying several scenarios about how to move forward, mindful that several of its shareholders want it to engage with PPG in negotiations. Activist hedge fund Elliott Advisors has been trying to oust Akzo's Chairman Antony Burgmans to put pressure on the company to talk to PPG.
Among the options being considered by Akzo is talking to PPG only about some of the issues that would affect the deal, such as antitrust approval risk, or rejecting it outright without any engagement, the sources said.
This is because Akzo is concerned that engaging with PPG in comprehensive deal negotiations would weigh on its prospects of getting PPG to improve on its offer much more, according to the sources.
No timeline has been set for Akzo's response to PPG, the sources said, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential.
Akzo and PPG did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
PPG said last week its latest acquisition proposal was worth 96.75 euros per Akzo share, comprised of 61.50 euros in cash, 0.357 shares of PPG common stock and dividends worth 7.78 euros.
That's a 50 percent premium to Akzo's closing price of 64.42 on March 8, the day before PPG confirmed it had made a proposal to buy Akzo at 80 euros per share. Akzo has been arguing this premium does not factor in the value of its announced plans to shed its speciality chemicals business.
PPG has said it has no plans to break up Akzo following an acquisition. It has also said it plans to submit a formal offer for Akzo to the Dutch financial markets regulator by June 1, regardless of whether Akzo chooses to engage.
Elliott has been seeking to call an extraordinary meeting of Akzo shareholders to oust the company's chairman, a move that Akzo has been resisting.
(Additional reporting by Pamela Barbaglia in London)
A seminal study in 2009 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America showed American female elementary teachers passed on their anxieties about math to girls in their classes, but not to boys.
It is a vicious cycle, Reid says, because elementary school teachers in both the United States and Canada are overwhelmingly female. It's about 90 per cent in the United States, according to that study. In Ontario, 83 per cent of elementary teachers are female, according to the most recent EQAO data.
Reid's research shows there is a strong correlation between math anxiety and a teacher's knowledge of the subject. According to the most recent EQAO results, 82 per cent of elementary teachers completed post-secondary education in an area unrelated to mathematics.
"If you don't know how to add fractions or the concepts behind them, how do you expect to teach that?" Reid says.
Reid says she spends a lot of time going over mathematics with student teachers in order to address that issue.
In April 2016, Ontario announced a three-year, $60-million math strategy that puts an average of 60 minutes per day of "protected math learning time" in the curriculum for students between Grades 1 and Grade 8.
The following year, only half of students in Grade 6, and 62 per cent of those in Grade 3 met the provincial standard in math. The dismal results prompted Premier Kathleen Wynne to announce the province would look at overhauling its math education program.
In Quebec, students consistently perform the best in the country. Experts believe that is mostly due to stronger teachers who have to go to school for four years for a bachelor of education degree, and more math specialist teachers beginning in Grade 7.
But it's not just an issue for teachers, Reid says. Responsibility lay with every adult who deals with a child's education, she says.
Gina Iuliano Marrello, the superintendent of student success at the Toronto Catholic District School Board, agrees.
At a recent meeting, Marrello said the board asked what they could do to help.
"Try to be positive — all the adults, the trustees, the teachers, the parents — everyone can do it," Marrello says she told the board.
"We hear people say all the time 'Don't worry, I'm no good at math' — even adults say that and that has to stop. People never say 'Don't worry, I was never good at reading.' People would think that's crazy."
We notice that when kids come into kindergarten, they don't have that attitude, she says, but they fall into that and by Grade 6 their math ability is pretty low.
For Freedman, a young teacher just starting out, girls' confidence in math is of paramount importance.
"If girls want a job in science or architecture, for example, we have to encourage that confidence in math and find jobs to use those skills," she says.
"If we don't give them the opportunity to practise the skills or foster their enjoyment in architecture or whatever it may be, they're never going to make that choice if they're not confident in math."
By Liam Casey, The Canadian Press
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Parts of the UK will be gripped by icy conditions as a cold snap kicks off 2017.
A “yellow” weather warning for ice has been issued for Scotland, Northern Ireland, the North and the East Midlands, the Met Office said.
Icy patches are likely to form on roads and pavements as temperatures dip below freezing on Monday.
Showers of rain, sleet and snow are expected and higher ground in the affected areas could accumulate between 2-5cm of snow.
The warning extends until 11am on Monday, with people being warned they could experience “difficult driving conditions and slippery pavements”.
Met Office forecaster Emma Boorman said it was a cold start to the year that could see large parts of the UK wake up to frost.
Temperatures in parts of Scotland and the North could “quite easily” reach as low as minus 4 or 5C (23-25F), she said, due to a large area of high pressure allowing northerly winds to bring cold air into the UK.
Warning motorists to be aware of icy spots, she said: “Take extra caution on the roads, leave extra time. There could be a few icy patches on untreated surfaces, and the showers could be quite nasty too.
“If you do run into a shower, particularly in the northern third of Scotland, there could be a wintry element of sleet and snow particularly up on the hills.
“Because the breeze is coming in from the north, we tend to see the showers mostly affecting the coasts of Scotland, England and Northern Ireland,” she added.
Towards the south of the country, she said: “There's been an awful lot of cloud and rain through the course of the day so overnight that's going to be finally making its clearance and the temperatures will be falling away accordingly, so not quite as cold as it will be further north, but still a chilly night.”
Large swathes of England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland could wake up to a light frost on Monday morning, she added.
The South East was the only place that could be immune because it was the area which had held on to the cloud and rain the longest on Sunday, with temperatures of around 2-3C (36-37F).
Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, on Thursday applauded passage of the Senate immigration bill, bipartisan legislation designed to address comprehensive immigration reform.
“I am pleased that the Senate passed bipartisan legislation to address comprehensive immigration reform,” Capps said. “Now is the time to fix our broken immigration system. The Senate vote today is great progress, but we still have a long way to go to make comprehensive immigration reform a reality. I call on my colleagues in the House to take meaningful action so that we can fix our broken immigration system, secure our borders, and bring hardworking families out of the shadows.”
Many of the goals Capps has long supported, including an earned path to citizenship and reforming and improving the current visa system, are included in the Senate legislation. The bill also recognizes the contributions of Dreamers and our agriculture workforce by providing them an expedited path to citizenship — critical to the Central Coast economy.
Finally, the bill also includes important components for comprehensive reform such as border security measures and employer verification. The legislation passed the Senate with strong bipartisan support with a vote of 68-32.
Capps has held numerous immigration roundtables throughout the district with a variety of stakeholders, including high-tech companies, faith leaders, workforce advocates and member of the agriculture industry to discuss the priorities of the Central Coast.
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara.
The sign on the hood of a delivery truck for Panera Bread Co. is seen in Westminster, Colorado February 11, 2015. Panera Bread Co was to issue its Q4 2014 Earnings Release on Wednesday. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
NEW YORK Panera Bread Co on Friday will begin to roll out new labeling of added sugars and calories in sodas and other self-serve fountain beverages, the first such move by a U.S. restaurant chain as food companies face rising demand from consumers to cut back on their use of the sweetener.
The move comes at a time when casual restaurant chains from McDonald's Corp to Starbucks Corp have been under pressure from slack demand and underscores the pressure that soft-drink makers are facing as sales decline.
The U.S. government last year said that companies need to detail how much added sugars are in packaged foods, but restaurants do not have any such requirements. Governments worldwide are also seeking to impose taxes on sweetened beverages.
Panera will also introduce six new low- and no-sugar teas and lemonades, an extension of the bakery chain's shift away from artificial sweeteners and flavors rolled out last year, company executives said in an interview.
Panera said focusing on beverages was the next step to creating a healthier menu, after introducing its clearer labels. Sugary drinks are contributing to U.S. rates of obesity, diabetes and heart disease, the company noted.
"After food, we clearly felt the role of beverages," said Panera's founder and Chief Executive Officer Ron Shaich. "A 20-ounce Dr Pepper has more sugar than two of our chocolate chip cookies. Which would you rather have?"
Panera's new drinks will sit on counters next to the traditional soda fountains, and be offered at the same prices. That will require the company to increase prices in some markets, said Sara Burnett, the company's Director of Wellness and Food Policy.
Burnett said the company is reviewing its entire menu based on last year's new sugar labeling guidance.
Panera first plans to roll out the new beverages in five U.S. cities, including Washington and Atlanta, and then nationally later this year.
(Reporting by Chris Prentice, editing by G Crosse)
* Liquid crystals lifted by recovery in display market
* OLEDs seen being used in TVs in future
* Merck says OLEDs will not offer liquid crystals margins (Adds profitability of liquid crystals, background on technology)
By Ludwig Burger
FRANKFURT, April 28 Germany's Merck KGaA , the world's largest maker of liquid crystals for flat screens, said on Friday its dominance of the market could erode in future, making the case for more investment into newer OLED technologies.
Merck commands about 60 percent of the liquid crystals market, ahead of Japan's JNC Corp. and DIC Corp. It is a major profit driver for the German group, which also makes pharmaceuticals and supplies for labs and bioreactors.
"We know ... that our market shares in recent years were very high. At the present time we cannot rule out a further normalization," Chief Executive Stefan Oschmann told shareholders at the annual general meeting.
"We will therefore forge ahead with new technologies in all four business units, for instance OLED," he said, referring to organic light emitting diodes (OLEDs) that are mainly used in mobile devices.
For now, a recovery in the display market that began late last year should have a positive effect on the liquid crystals business, the CEO added.
He reiterated that group core earnings would be flat this year, saying more detailed guidance would be provided on May 18.
Mainly thanks to liquid crystals, Merck's performance materials division turned a profit before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) of more than 40 percent of the 2.5 billion euros in revenues last year.
That is above the average for the European speciality chemical industry, which usually has margins of 10-25 percent.
Merck does not separately disclose the margin for liquid crystals, which account for about half of sales at the performance materials division.
Family-controlled Merck saw liquid crystals revenues surge in the year 2000 with the advent of flat screens, having failed for decades to find a commercial use for the substances.
They go mainly into TV screens but Merck is exploring their use in dimmable window panes or flat antennas on car roofs that electronically home in on satellites.
More expensive OLEDs allow for thinner and more energy efficient screens for portable devices. But Merck has said they would likely take hold in TV screens over the next few years, chipping away at its liquid crystals business.
Merck has invested in OLED chemical production since 2009, surviving an industry shakeout that has reduced the field of contenders to just a handful. It has also warned that OLED profit margins would not reach those at liquid crystals. (Reporting by Ludwig Burger; Editing by Arno Schuetze and Edmund Blair)
A company sign is displayed outside an ITV studio in London, Britain July 27, 2016. REUTERS/Neil Hall/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - The Chief Executive of Royal Mail, Adam Crozier, leaves after appearing before the Business and Enterprise Committee at Portcullis House, in London February 24, 2009. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A company sign is displayed outside an ITV studio in London, Britain, July 27, 2016. REUTERS/Neil Hall/File Photo
LONDON ITV boss Adam Crozier, who has restored the British broadcaster's fortunes by reducing its reliance on advertising and expanding its production business, will step down next month after seven years in charge, the company said on Wednesday.
Finance Director Ian Griffiths will take on additional responsibilities as chief operating officer and will lead the group until a successor is found, ITV said, helped by Chairman Peter Bazalgette, who will become executive chairman in the interim.
Crozier, who has grown ITV's production operations by buying independent producers in Britain and overseas, will leave at the end of June.
Having spent 21 years as a chief executive across four varied industries, the 53-year-old Crozier said it was the right time to move to the next stage of his career and to build a "portfolio of roles".
"Today ITV is more robust, well balanced and stronger both creatively and financially than ever before, and is well placed for the digital future," Crozier said.
Although Crozier's departure was not a surprise, some analysts questioned why the company had not managed to line up a successor and also underlined the challenges facing the next boss of Britain's main commercial TV company.
"Consumption habits are changing at pace and the shift towards streaming media and even towards non-traditional media such as video game streams leaves ITV vulnerable," said Neil Campling, global head of TMT research at Northern Trust Capital Markets.
Shares in ITV slipped 0.2 percent to 211 pence on Wednesday morning.
TAKEOVER TARGET?
ITV said the company's revenue from sources other than advertising had more than doubled to almost 1.9 billion pounds ($2.5 billion) in 2016, more than half of its total, under Crozier's tenure.
The broadcaster, which makes soap opera Coronation Street, has long been viewed as a takeover target in an industry that is consolidating as viewers increasingly watch content on demand and on different platforms.
Speculation has centered on U.S media group Liberty Global, which owns 9.9 percent of the broadcaster, although it has previously said it did not want to buy the group.
Citi analysts said ITV had often been talked about as a takeover target, but the market was likely to take Crozier's departure as a sign that no potential takeover was imminent.
ITV last year dropped plans to try to buy Canada's Entertainment One, the owner of children's TV character Peppa Pig.
Crozier, who was paid 3.4 million pound last year according to ITV's annual report, started his executive career at advertising group Saatchi & Saatchi in the 1990s, before moving to The Football Association and postal service Royal Mail Group.
He joined ITV when the ad market was at a low point and he initiated a restructuring that diversified the business into international production and cut the cost base.
It bought a majority stake in World Productions, the maker of hit BBC drama "Line of Duty", on Tuesday, increasing its productions capabilities in scripted drama.
Crozier added another non-executive role to his portfolio last month when he joined the board of Costa Coffee to Premier Inn group Whitbread .
(Editing by Kate Holton and Keith Weir)
TOKYO, March 29 Shorter-dated Japanese government bond prices slipped on Wednesday as the market took cues from an overnight retreat by U.S. Treasuries, while the longer-dated maturities gained on month-end investor demand.
The five-year yield rose 1 basis point to minus 0.145 percent and the benchmark 10-year yield climbed 0.5 basis point to 0.060 percent.
The 30-year yield, on the other hand, declined 1 basis point to 0.815 percent. Super-long JGBs tend to attract demand at the turn of each month, helped by index-following investors reshuffling their bond portfolios.
JGBs took in stride Wednesday's regular debt-purchasing operation by the Bank of Japan, at which the central bank trimmed the purchase of three- to five-year bonds to 380 billion yen from 400 billion yen previously.
The BOJ has been tweaking the amount of JGBs it buys at its operations in an effort to reduce market volatility, which worsened as the central bank purchased large amounts of debt under its easing programme.
U.S. Treasury debt prices fell on Tuesday, hurt by a jump in stocks after U.S. consumer confidence surged to a 16-year high. (Reporting by the Tokyo markets team; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
April 3 Felda Global Ventures Holdings Bhd :
* Memorandum of Understanding has been signed with Trimex Industries Private Limited
* MoU to collaborate and work together to explore on the possibility of supply and distribution of FGV'S palm oil to india Source text: (bit.ly/2nvCvhW) Further company coverage:
KIEV, April 10 Ukraine's next choice of central bank governor must be of high professional quality and independence, the International Monetary Fund's country representative said on Monday.
The head of the National Bank of Ukraine (NBU) Valeria Gontareva resigned earlier on Monday, depriving the country of a tough reformer capable of taking on vested interests.
"The governor should be praised for the progress she has made in strengthening the NBU as a professional and independent institution, cleaning up the banking system, and carefully managing monetary policy, succeeding in bringing down inflation and rebuilding reserves," the IMF's Jerome Vacher said.
"It will be critical to select a new governor of high professional quality and independence who can continue on the good road on which Ms. Gontareva has placed the NBU," he said in an emailed statement to Reuters. (Reporting by Matthias Williams; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
April 12 Volkswagen Ag
* Volkswagen's Slovakia plant chief executive Ralf Sacht says the factory is not planning any major investments at the moment, it wants to earn back previous investments
* VW Slovakia invested 1.9 billion euros between 2012-2016, including 550 million in 2016; says amount accounts for half of its overall investment in country in past 25 years
* Sacht also said this year's production could be a bit lower than 388,687 cars made in 2016, as the plant prepares to launch new modelsFurther company coverage: (Prague Newsroom)
LONDON Britain's grocery market grew by 3.7 percent in the 12 weeks to April 23, the fastest rate since September 2013, driven by Britons splashing out on food at Easter and inflation edging higher, industry data showed on Wednesday.
Market researcher Kantar Worldpanel said all 10 major retailers were in growth for the first time in three-and-a-half years. Grocery prices jumped 2.6 percent year-on-year in the period, up from the 2.3 percent recorded in the 12 weeks to March 26.
Market leader Tesco (TSCO.L) posted growth of 1.9 percent while Sainsbury's (SBRY.L) grew by 1.7 percent, Asda grew by 0.8 percent and Morrisons (MRW.L) grew by 2.2 percent. Asda's growth marked the first year-on-year sales rise since October 2014.
The results were boosted by the timing of Easter, which fell later than normal this year.
(Reporting by Kate Holton, Editing by Paul Sandle)
April 5 Boeing:
* Announced investments in two early-stage technology companies through ventures arm of a new group called Boeing HorizonX
* Boeing HorizonX made venture investment in upskill, a provider of enterprise software for augmented reality wearables
* Boeing - Boeing HorizonX partnering with Jetblue Technology to invest in Zunum Aero that is pursuing development of alternative propulsion aircraft
* Boeing HorizonX will operate as part of corporate development & strategy group Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(There will be no emerging markets report from London on Monday, May 1 due to a UK public holiday)
By Karin Strohecker
LONDON, April 28 Emerging equities slipped on Friday but were set for a fourth straight month of gains and currencies too have mostly strengthened in April, with the exception of the rouble which snapped a four-month winning streak.
A weaker dollar after U.S. President Donald Trump failed to push ahead on key election pledges in his first 100 days in office, some easing of geopolitical concerns and healthy data has whetted investors' appetite for riskier assets this month.
"April has been good for emerging markets, as well as the first quarter, and historically that is the case," Unicredit strategist Kiran Kowshik said, adding that May could prove more challenging.
"What could be the catalyst? Markets had priced out protectionism but there will be many curve balls," he said, referring to Trump's surprise announcement in a Reuters interview that he would fix or scrap his country's "horrible" trade deal with Asian export giant South Korea.
His comments weighed on South Korean and Chinese markets on the day, dragging MSCI's emerging markets benchmark 0.2 percent lower in their third day of losses. Yet thanks to previous stellar gains, the index is poised for a 1.6 percent weekly gain and 2 percent monthly rise.
The dollar nudging higher for a third straight session kept emerging currencies in check though many were on track for monthly gains.
Turkey's lira looked to strengthen nearly 2 percent against the dollar in April, extending a two-month winning streak.
Central Bank Governor Murat Cetinkaya said in his quarterly inflation presentation that he expected inflation to start falling in the coming months and policymakers would tighten monetary policy further if needed.
His comments contrasted with those from an aide to President Tayyip Erdoğan saying that the president wanted to see a more "relaxed and generous central bank" and calling Wednesday's move to raise the late liquidity window unnecessary.
Meanwhile, the latest data showed a 17 percent decline in tourism revenues in the first quarter, underscoring challenges to Turkey's economy.
South Africa's rand has gained nearly 1 percent in April despite a roller coaster ride following the acrimonious departure of its respected finance minister late-March.
In Russia, the rouble traded flat ahead of a central bank decision which is expected to see interest rates cut by 25 basis points amid easing inflation.
Over the month, however, the rouble looks to fall for the first month in five, having eased around 1.3 percent. Rabobank analysts predicted a 50 bps cut to 9.25 percent.
"Such a move would not only reflect rising confidence amongst policymakers that they will achieve their goal to bring inflation in line with the official 4 percent target, but we would also interpret a large cut as an attempt to dent demand for the rouble amongst carry trade market players," they wrote.
For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg
on year
Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 978.73 -0.93 -0.09 +13.51
Czech Rep 1003.61 +1.49 +0.15 +8.90
Poland 2391.00 +8.22 +0.34 +22.75
Hungary 32932.73 -26.89 -0.08 +2.90
Romania 8199.38 +14.61 +0.18 +15.73
Greece 706.99 +0.48 +0.07 +9.84
Russia 1116.40 +9.48 +0.86 -3.12
South Africa 47108.24 +123.79 +0.26 +7.30
Turkey 94223.02 -59.46 -0.06 +20.58
China 3154.57 +2.38 +0.08 +1.64
India 29957.36 -72.38 -0.24 +12.51
Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local
close currency currency
% change % change
in 2017
Czech Rep 26.93 27.03 +0.38 +0.30
Poland 4.21 4.22 +0.16 +4.51
Hungary 311.29 311.36 +0.02 -0.79
Romania 4.53 4.53 -0.03 +0.07
Serbia 123.00 123.14 +0.11 +0.28
Russia 56.93 57.00 +0.12 +7.60
Kazakhstan 314.33 314.36 +0.01 +6.15
Ukraine 26.54 26.54 +0.00 +1.75
South Africa 13.30 13.34 +0.36 +3.27
Kenya 103.05 103.20 +0.15 -0.66
Israel 3.62 3.63 +0.37 +6.51
Turkey 3.56 3.56 +0.04 -0.90
China 6.90 6.90 -0.02 +0.67
India 64.18 64.10 -0.12 +5.87
Brazil 3.18 3.18 +0.03 +2.23
Mexico 19.02 19.02 -0.01 +8.92
Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index
Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 323 -2 .04 7 79.15 1
All data taken from Reuters at 08:48 GMT. Currency percent change calculated from the daily U.S. close at 2130 GMT.
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see) (Additional reporting by Sujata Rao; Editing by Jon Boyle)
More than 600 people turned out on the weekend for annual red wine festival
More than 130 wines from 31 different Okanagan wineries and food from eight local restaurants were featured over two evenings at Big White Ski Resort. -Image: Big White
Wine tasters brought their palates out in record numbers for the 10th annual Big Reds Wine Festival on Friday and Saturday at Big White Ski Resort.
The two-night event saw more than 600 guests flow through the Village Centre Mall sampling the handcrafted wines, making it the best attended Big Reds to date.
Big Reds offers an opportunity for consumers to connect with local wineries in an intimate environment while enjoying great snow, delicious food and world-class hospitality.
“The popularity of Big Reds mirrors the growth of the wine industry in BC. When we first started Big Reds there was less than 150 wineries in BC and now there is well over 300,” says Trevor Hanna, vice president of hospitality at Big White Ski Resort.
“Without the continued support from our family of generous winery and restaurant partners, this event would not have made it through 10 wonderful years.”
This year's event featured 136 wines from 31 different Okanagan wineries and food from eight local restaurants, which is the most vendors in the event's history. Sessions Taphouse & Grill was also sampling beer from Canada's highest elevation craft brewery, Elevation 57 Brewing Company.
Guests were asked to choose their favourite winery and restaurant during both nights of the event and Big White Ski Resort is excited to announce the Globe Café and Tapas Bar won the People's Choice Award for Top Restaurant and The View Winery won Top Winery.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaCapNews
newstips@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Kylie Jenner's daughter has a shoe collection worth $22,000.
The 20-year-old reality star is excited that five-month-old Stormi - who she has with boyfriend Travis Scott - can finally fit into the tiny sneakers that have been filling out her closet since she was born.
In a video shared to Instagram, Kylie said: "Stormi can finally fit into some of her sneakers.
"Her dad gave her loads of vintage shoes so I'm about to see if she likes shoes. Too cute."
Among the dozens of pairs of shoes already in Stormi's collection are $1,000 Giuseppe Zanottis, $275 Gucci flats and several pairs of $50 Nike Air Force 1s.
Meanwhile, the 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians' star has also revealed she's having an air-conditioned dog house built for her beloved pets Norman and Bambi.
Taking to her Snapchat account, Kylie gave fans a quick look at the outside of her dog house, which has been decked and has a white picket fence, and she said: "You guys, my doghouse is almost done! How cute!"
Kylie is known for giving her dogs the life of luxury as Norman and Bambi - which are Italian greyhounds - have their own bedrooms, complete with a plush bed and fancy fireplace, inside her lavish mansion in California.
Taking to her Snapchat last year, Kylie uploaded photo of her furry friends' abode.
She wrote alongside the shot: "Norman & Bambi's room (sic)."
A dissident republican parade which saw people dressed in paramilitary garb in Londonderry yesterday has been described as an “unwelcome throwback” to Northern Ireland's troubled past.
People wearing military-style outfits and sunglasses with scarves partially covering their faces marched from the Bogside to the City Cemetery to mark the 101st anniversary of the Easter Rising.
According to the Parades Commission, around 2,000 spectators were expected to turn out for the event, which was organised by dissident republican party Saoradh.
DUP MP Gregory Campbell hit out at those involved and urged the PSNI and Parades Commission to investigate the matter.
The East Londonderry MP said: “There have been a number of parades this weekend where people have marched in paramilitary clothing with their faces partially or totally covered to conceal their identities.
“If people want to go out and commemorate a failed rebellion, then they are quite entitled to do that.
“But these scenes with people dressed in paramilitary uniforms with their faces partially hidden are reminiscent of what Northern Ireland was like 20-30 years ago.
“Both the PSNI and the Parades Commission need to look closely at this, as it is quite blatantly in breach of the commission's code of conduct.
“Most objective people would say that this is not appropriate behaviour.”
Parade organisers are responsible for ensuring that all those taking part comply with the Parades Commission Code of Conduct, which covers aspects including music, flags and regalia.
Failure to do so can lead to prosecution and can also be taken into account by the commission in subsequent decisions.
Yesterday's incident comes after police promised a “robust” investigation into an illegal dissident republican parade in Lurgan.
A small number of people wearing military garb and sunglasses with scarves partially covering their faces walked through the Kilwilkie estate in Lurgan on Saturday.
According to police, there were 50 notified parades taking place across Northern Ireland yesterday.
All passed off peacefully with the exception of a minor incident in Bishops Field, Londonderry.
Assistant Chief Constable Barbara Gray said: “A proportionate and appropriate policing operation was implemented for all parades.
“We will review all evidence gathered and where offences are identified, we will present reports to the Public Prosecution Service with a view to holding individuals to account.”
BEIJING, April 20 The municipal government of China's capital said on Wednesday that new property curbs unveiled in March have started to cool the red-hot housing market, but it will take some time before the frothy market stabilises.
Beijing, a bellwether of national policy direction, is on the frontline as China takes on speculators and tries to tame home prices.
It announced new curbs in mid-March as prices and sales picked up again, shrugging off measures implemented late last year.
The new measures included raising the minimum downpayment on a second home to 60-80 percent from 50-70 percent depending on the types of the homes.
The Beijing government said on Wednesday that online transaction volumes fell 16.7 percent in the 10 days after the new curbs were implemented on March 18, compared to the level in the previous 10 days.
Property sales by floor area also dropped 15.4 percent compared to a year ago in the first quarter, it said, a pace 5 percentage points quicker than in the first two months of the year.
The city government also singled out the resale market, stressing it has cooled significantly.
"With demand dropping, it's possible (Beijing) housing prices, especially in the resale market, may drop," a spokeswoman from the city government said during a news conference, according to a script posted on the government website.
Data from the National Bureau of Statistic showed prices in Beijing's resale market surged 2.2 percent in March on a monthly basis.
New home prices rose 0.4 percent in Beijing in March from the previous month, after flatlining in the first two months of the year. Compared with a year earlier, Beijing home prices surged 19 percent.
But the spokeswoman conceded buyers may adopt a wait-and-see attitude as it takes time for policy adjustments to sink in.
"The impact of the new policies will become increasingly visible in April or in the even longer term," she said.
The housing boom has been a key driver in China's stronger-than-expected economic performance in recent months, but analysts believe it may also pose the single biggest risk to China's growth this year.
Local governments are imposing ever tougher measures to get sharp prices rises under control, which are expected to slow real estate investment and construction eventually. (Reporting by Yawen Chen and Nicholas Heath; Editing by Kim Coghill)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 20 Nucor Corp
* Nucor reports results for first quarter of 2017
* Q1 earnings per share $1.11
* Q1 sales $4.82 billion versus i/b/e/s view $4.54 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.75 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Nucor - total tons shipped to outside customers were 6,584,000 tons in q1 of 2017, a 13% increase from q4 of 2016 and a 7% increase from q1 of 2016
* Nucor corp- average sales price per ton in q1 of 2017 increased 8% compared to q4 of 2016 and increased 21% from q1 of 2016
* Nucor corp- performance of steel mills segment is expected to improve in q2 of 2017 as compared to q1 of 2017 as metal margins are expected to expand
* Nucor corp- also expect intercompany profit eliminations to have a smaller relative impact in q2 of 2017
* Nucor corp- performance of raw materials segment expected to improve in q2 2017 compared to q1 2017 due to improved profitability of dri facilities
* Nucor corp - average scrap and scrap substitute cost per ton used during q1 of 2017 was $284, an increase of 20% from $236 in q4 of 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* U.S. sells $12 billion 30-year bonds to soggy bids * Worries about overseas conflicts underpin bond demand * Hopes for less tension after Russia, China comments * U.S. bond market to close at 2 p.m. EDT Thursday (Update market action, add quote) By Richard Leong NEW YORK, April 12 U.S. Treasury yields were little changed on Wednesday as safe-haven demand tied to international political worries offset investors selling to make room for this week's $56 billion in coupon-bearing government bond supply. Investor anxiety about possible U.S. military showdowns against Syria and North Korea remained at elevated levels as they piled into Treasuries, sending the 30-year yield briefly to a near three-month low. "The geopolitical tension has not escalated, but it's not going away either," said Mary Anne Hurley, vice president of fixed income at D.A. Davidson in Seattle. U.S. President Donald Trump signaled he was open to more strikes against Syria after he ordered a missile attack on a Syrian air base in response to an alleged Syrian military assault using poisonous gas that killed scores of civilian. North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States for any sign of aggression as a U.S. Navy strike group was moving toward the Korean Peninsula. Adding to investor worries was a tightening French presidential race on April 23. Opinion polls stirred concern that hard-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon and far-right leader Marine Le Pen, who are both anti-EU, could end up in a runoff next month. There was some relief as U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's closely watched visit to Russia did not lead to a heightening of tensions. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said some progress had been made on Syria after holding talks with Tillerson. Also, some in the market cited Chinese President Xi Jinping's phone call with Trump, in which Xi stressed the need for a peaceful solution for the Korean peninsula. In light, choppy trading, U.S. benchmark 10-year Treasury yields were down 0.7 basis point at 2.291 percent, which was below 2.300 percent seen as a critical technical trading level. The 30-year bond yield was down marginally at 2.925 percent after falling to 2.915 percent earlier Wednesday, which was the lowest since Jan. 17. While worries about military flare-ups in Syria and the Korean peninsula heated up safe-haven bids for Treasuries, investors gave a cool reception to $12 billion worth of 30-year bond supply, traders said. The bond market is signaling modest inflation risk as possible federal tax cuts and infrastructure spending have yet to be enacted, which would make long-dated bonds less appealing. "The market is still complacent about inflation," said Kathleen Gaffney, co-director of diversified fixed income at Eaton Vance in Boston. The U.S. bond market will shut early at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT) on Thursday ahead of the market holiday on Good Friday. Wednesday, April 12 at 1504 EDT (1904 GMT): Price US T BONDS JUN7 153-3/32 0-4/32 10YR TNotes JUN7 125-132/256 0-8/256 Price Current Net Yield % Change (bps) Three-month bills 0.8025 0.8153 -0.008 Six-month bills 0.925 0.9423 -0.003 Two-year note 100-8/256 1.2338 0.000 Three-year note 100-30/256 1.4598 -0.003 Five-year note 100-60/256 1.8253 -0.007 Seven-year note 100-28/256 2.108 -0.002 10-year note 99-164/256 2.2908 -0.024 30-year bond 101-128/256 2.9242 -0.006 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 32.25 0.00 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 24.75 -0.25 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 10.25 0.25 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap -4.00 0.25 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -40.50 0.00 spread (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
NASA is preparing to send its long-lived Cassini probe into the unexplored region between Saturn and its rings for a scientific grand finale before the spacecraft's suicidal plunge into the planet, space officials said on Tuesday.
Since arriving at Saturn in July 2004, Cassini has been exploring the giant planet and its entourage of 62 known moons, including enigmatic Titan, believed by scientists to resemble an early Earth, and the ocean-bearing moon Enceladus, which is shooting ice particles out into space.
To avoid any chance that hitchhiking Earth microbes still alive on Cassini could contaminate any potential living organisms on Enceladus, NASA plans to crash the spacecraft, which is running out of fuel, into Saturn on Sept. 15.
But before its demise, Cassini has one last mission. On April 22, Cassini will make a final pass by Titan and use the moon's gravity to slingshot itself into a new orbit that passes inside the 1,200-mile (1,930-km) wide gap between the edge of Saturn's atmosphere and its inner-most rings.
NASA is hoping Cassini will survive long enough for 22 dives inside the rings, revealing details about the their age and composition. But if a ring particle hits Cassini, it could bring the mission to an premature end because the spacecraft will be traveling at more than 70,000 miles per hour (112,654 kph).
"At those speeds, even a tiny particle can do damage," Cassini flight engineer Joan Stupik, with NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, told reporters during a news conference on NASA TV.
Scientists hope to learn if the rings are as old as Saturn itself -- roughly 4.6 billion years of age -- or if they formed later after a passing comet or moon was shredded by the planet's tremendous gravity.
During the close ring encounters, Cassini also will study Saturn's atmosphere and take measurements to determine the size of the rocky core believed to exist at the center of the gigantic ball of gas that accounts for most of its size.
However long Cassini lasts, "the grand finale will be spectacular," said project scientist Linda Spilker, also with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
"We're flying in a region that has never been explored before," she said. "I wouldn't be a bit surprised if some of the discoveries we make with Cassini during the grand finale are the best of the mission."
(Reporting by Irene Klotz in Colorado Springs, Colo.; Editing by Steve Gorman and Sandra Maler)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Graphic: Sterling and gilt yields bit.ly/2dgAXn1
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* Graphic: Trade-weighted sterling since Brexit vote tmsnrt.rs/2hwV9Hv
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, April 12 Sterling rose to a week's high against a broadly weaker dollar on Wednesday as investors awaited data on the UK's labour market to further gauge the health of Britain's economy as it leaves the European Union.
Investors will be watching for wage growth numbers in particular, with the Bank of England indicating it is in no hurry to raise interest rates partly because of a slack in wage growth despite above-target inflation.
Tuesday's inflation reading of 2.3 percent, which stayed above the Bank of England's 2 percent target, saw sterling touch weekly highs against the dollar.
The pound edged a touch higher on Wednesday, up 0.1 percent at $1.2498, its highest level since April 6.
Against the euro, it was down 0.1 percent at 84.97 pence per euro.
Economists polled by Reuters expected no change to January's 4.7 percent unemployment rate when figures for February come out at 0830GMT, but average earnings numbers excluding bonuses are expected to dip slightly.
"The persistent erosion of the real purchasing power of the UK consumer should over time become an important headwind for domestic demand and growth. The risk of stagflation should continue to haunt sterling and make it unattractive investment in our view," Credit Agricole strategists wrote in a note to clients.
(Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
The meetings followed a pomp-filled welcome ceremony on the South Lawn. Trump said before an audience of U.S. soldiers and members of his Cabinet that the relationship he forged with Macron at the start of his presidency was a testament to the "enduring friendship that binds our two nations." He thanked the French leader for his "steadfast partnership" in the recent missile strike in response to the chemical attack in Syria.
Macron said, "History is calling us. It is urging our people to find the fortitude that has guided us in the most difficult of times. France and with it, Europe, and the United States have an appointment with history."
The social highlight of Macron's visit, the first state visit of the Trump presidency, comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera. On Monday night, the leaders took a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and had dinner at the Potomac River home of George Washington in Mount Vernon, Virginia.
Tuesday's meetings follow the collaboration by the U.S., France and Britain in missile strikes in Syria earlier this month to respond to the alleged chemical weapons attack. The U.S. has 2,000 troops in Syria assisting local Arab and Kurdish fighters against IS, though Trump has resisted a deeper U.S. involvement and is eager to withdraw completely from Syria.
Macron's three-day visit to Washington underscores the importance that both sides attach to the relationship: Macron, who calls Trump often, has emerged as something of a "Trump whisperer" at a time when the American president's relationships with other European leaders are more strained. Trump, who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony, chose to honour Macron with the first state visit of his administration as he woos the French president.
For all their camaraderie, Macron and Trump disagree on some fundamental issues, including the multinational nuclear deal, which is aimed at restricting Iran's development of nuclear weapons. Trump, skeptical of the pact's effectiveness, has been eager to pull out as a May 12 deadline nears. Macron says he is not satisfied with the situation in Iran and thinks the agreement is imperfect, but he has argued for the U.S. sticking with the deal on the grounds that there is not yet a "Plan B."
Trump ended his first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. He was Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the centre of Paris. Macron and his wife also took Trump and first lady Melania Trump on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.
Macron was welcomed back to the White House on Tuesday with a traditional arrival ceremony featuring nearly 500 members of the U.S. military and a booming 21-gun salute. He was also attending a State Department lunch hosted by Vice-President Mike Pence.
___
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller and Jonathan Lemire contributed.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
By Darlene Superville And Ken Thomas, The Associated Press
* Construction counters among top gainers on economic zone news
* Dollar holds firm on settlement demand
* Gold consolidates gains as Xi-Trump summit nears
* Bonds see some profit taking
By Saikat Chatterjee
HONG KONG, April 5 Asian stocks edged up on Wednesday, helped by a bounce in Chinese shares, though investors held off from making big bets before a highly-anticipated summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping gets underway on Thursday.
European stocks were set to follow Asia's steady lead with index futures pointing to a slightly higher start.
Chinese construction shares were among the top gainers after Beijing on Saturday announced plans to build Xiongan New Area, modelled on the Shenzhen special economic zone next to Hong Kong that helped kickstart China's economic reforms in 1980.
"This is a very headline-driven market and the only source of optimism is the new economic zone news over the weekend - but that is unlikely to be sustainable," said Conita Hung, an independent market strategist in Hong Kong.
Shares in more than 30 listed companies seen likely to benefit from the new zone jumped by the 10 percent daily trade limit.
Mainland markets reopened on Wednesday for trading after a long weekend and outperformed regional bourses, rising more than 1 percent. Hong Kong stocks gave up early gains and were flat on the day.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.1 percent, edging back towards a 19-month high hit on March. 30. India's shares opened at a record high before retreating.
Energy-related shares also offered some support to investors as oil prices rose on Tuesday thanks to an unplanned production outage in the North Sea and growing concerns about diminishing U.S. oil stocks.
U.S. crude rose for a second consecutive session to its highest levels in more than a month at $51.37 per barrel on Wednesday.
Still, investors remained broadly cautious with safe-haven assets such as gold and Japanese yen remaining well supported before the landmark Trump-Xi summit on Thursday and Friday.
It will be their first face-to-face meeting since Trump took office on Jan. 20, with trade and security issues set to feature prominently. The Korean Peninsula has been a notable hot spot of geopolitical tensions, with North Korea firing a medium-range ballistic missile from its east coast into the sea on the eve of the summit. and
"Markets are really on hold at the moment," said Ric Spooner, Chief market strategist at CMC markets, adding that investors are looking to catalysts from the Trump-Xi meeting as well as the U.S. earnings season.
Gold held near a one-month high at $1,254.45 per ounce, rising nearly 4.7 percent in the last three weeks.
Major currencies traded in a narrow range ahead of the release of minutes from the Fed March meeting in which it raised interest rates, and before the big U.S. jobs report on Friday.
The greenback got some help from Japanese importers on a 'gotobi' date - the fifth day of the month and dates that are multiple of five - on which accounts are traditionally settled.
The dollar held firm at 110.61 yen against the Japanese currency.
"Today, there is real demand for the dollar on 'gotobi,' so its downside should be limited," said Kaneo Ogino, director at foreign exchange research firm Global-info Co in Tokyo.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six trade-weighted peers, was broadly flat at 100.52. The euro was a shade stronger at $1.06795.
Bonds came in for some profit-taking after yields fell in the previous sessions. Yields on two-year U.S. Treasury bonds rose to 1.26 percent after hitting a six-week low of 1.226 percent on Monday. (Additional reporting by the Tokyo markets team and Krishna Kurup in BENGALURU; Editing by Eric Meijer & Shri Navaratnam)
(Repeats with no changes. The opinions expressed are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters)
* Graphic on China's trade in refined copper: tmsnrt.rs/2oMfYOy
* Graphic on China's imports of copper scrap and concentrate: tmsnrt.rs/2qaPqex
By Andy Home
LONDON, April 27 China's imports of refined copper slumped by 28 percent year-on-year in the first quarter of 2017.
Factoring in exports, now a regular feature of the country's trade picture, the slide in net metal imports was an even more dramatic 35 percent.
The net draw on units from the rest of the world was 699,000 tonnes in the first three months of the year, a decline of 368,000 tonnes on the same period of 2016.
Look no further to understand why copper's early-year bull run to over $6,200-per tonne, basis three-month metal on the London Metal Exchange, has stalled. The price is today trading around $5,720.
Even while production disruptions have accumulated, any impact on refined metal availability has been muted, witness the near 185,000-tonne build in global exchange stocks in the first quarter.
However, it's not as if China has lost its appetite for imported copper.
It's just that it has shifted to other forms of the metal.
Graphic on China's trade in refined copper:
tmsnrt.rs/2oMfYOy
Graphic on China's imports of copper scrap and concentrate:
tmsnrt.rs/2qaPqex
THE SCRAP SURGE
First and foremost copper scrap.
Imports of scrap seemed to be in long-term decline having fallen in each of the last four years.
Volumes last year were 3.35 million tonnes (bulk weight, not metal contained), compared with 4.86 million tonnes in 2012.
That steady downtrend, however, has gone into sharp reverse over the last few months.
Imports accelerated by 22 percent to 907,000 tonnes in January-March, the highest first-quarter level since 2013.
This is part and parcel of what seems to be a global surge in scrap supply occasioned by the sharp jump in the copper price from under $5,000 in the fourth quarter of last year.
This is how large parts of the scrap sector "hedge" their price exposure. When the price falls, sales of material bought at higher prices simply dry up. Accumulated stocks are only released when the price rises to a sufficient level to make them profitable again.
Discounts for copper scrap in both the United States and Europe have flexed wider since the fourth quarter of last year, attesting to much improved availability.
It's no surprise, therefore, to see the world's largest buyer of copper soak up this cheaper source of metal.
THE CONCENTRATES SURGE
The scrap import surge is a recent phenomenon.
The rise in mined concentrate imports is part of a longer-running trend rooted in China's build-out of refining capacity.
Imports of concentrates have risen every year since 2011 with the pace accelerating in 2016 thanks to much-improved mine supply.
And the trend was extended in the first quarter with inbound flows of concentrate rising another 8.5 percent to 4.31 million tonnes (bulk weight).
True, there is clear evidence of the supply hits at Freeport McMoRan's Grasberg mine in Indonesia and at BHP Billiton's Escondida mine in Chile.
Imports of concentrate from Indonesia almost dried up completely in March itself with the first quarter tally of 66,100 tonnes down by a third on last year's equivalent.
Those from Chile, meanwhile, grew by just three percent in the period after growth of 27 percent last year and the country was overtaken by Peru as China's top supplier of mined concentrates.
But compensation came in particular from sharp jumps in imports from Spain and Kazakhstan, China's sixth and seventh largest volume suppliers in the first quarter.
Concentrate imports in March itself were 1.63 million tonnes, still the third highest monthly total on record after November and December 2016.
WEAKER REFINED COPPER IMPORTS
The steady rise in China's appetite for imported copper concentrates is part of a long-running trend and one which will serve eventually to dampen the country's requirement for imports of refined metal.
However, it's clear that the short-term weakness in refined metal imports owes more to the turnaround in availability of copper scrap.
Scrap impacts the supply chain in two ways, both negative for refined metal demand.
Firstly, greater scrap supply means higher production of refined copper by those refineries capable of handling it as a raw material feed.
The International Copper Study Group (ICSG) estimates that global production of refined copper rose by around two percent in January. Production using concentrates as a feed was flat, while production from scrap rose by 13 percent year-on-year.
"Increased availability of scrap allowed world secondary refined production to increase, notably in China where the upward trend started in 4th quarter 2016," the Group said in its most recent monthly update.
Secondly, and perhaps even more importantly, the combination of improved supply and cheaper pricing incentivises many product manufacturers to increase scrap in their input mix, reducing the need for refined copper.
The resulting softness in refined metal import demand is being compounded by continued robust "exports" of copper. These come from a clutch of producers permissioned to toll-treat raw materials and export refined copper without paying the 15-percent export tax.
The first-quarter export tally was 105,000 tonnes, compared with just 43,000 tonnes in the same period of 2016.
Not all of these "exports" necessarily leave the country. China's customs department counts a shipment as an export even if the metal only goes as far as a bonded warehouse zone in one of the country's ports.
At times last year there seemed to be a fairly clear linkage between China's outbound flows and arrivals at LME warehouses in Asia.
The picture has become much murkier with the most recent high-volume deliveries into the LME's Asian network taking place at Singapore, to which China has exported only a modest 5,000 tonnes so far this year.
ALL ABOUT SUPPLY
A long-running theme of China's trade in copper is that it often says as much about supply as it does about the country's underlying demand.
The emergence of scrap as a significant supply source is accentuating that theme at the moment.
However, it will not last. By its very nature this sort of price-related destock of scrap is a one-off phenomenon and most copper analysts are looking for a steady diminution over the coming months.
To what extent that translates into a recovery in refined copper imports by China remains to be seen.
Much will depend on the state of play in the concentrates part of the supply chain.
Mine supply has taken some big hits in the early months of this year but it has evidently not yet impacted China's ability to make more refined copper itself. Production was up by 8.5 percent in March and not all of that increase is attributable to scrap.
Smelters have probably been drawing on stocks accumulated last year in what turned out to be a boom year for mine production.
They, like everyone else in the copper market, will be paying close attention to what happens with mine supply over the rest of this year.
(Editing by David Evans)
April 12 Demire Deutsche Mittelstand Real Estate Ag
* FFO for the year will come out to range between EUR 7 and 8 million before minority interests
* Demire significantly falls below ffo-forecast for 2016 and does not maintain ffo-forecast for 2017
* Continues to assume stable rental income for financial year 2017
* Forecast of the funds from operations without sales for FY 2016 will significantly be missed
* Main reason for deviation from forecast is planned reductions of administrative costs not yet been realized Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
April 3 TVS Motor Company Ltd:
* Says March total sales of 256,341 vehicles versus 232,517 vehicles last year
* Says March two-wheeler sales of 250,979 vehicles versus 226,643 vehicles last year
* Says March three-wheeler sales of 5,362 vehicles versus 5,874 vehicles last year
* Says March export sales of 38,462 vehicles, up 23.6 percent
* Says March scooter sales 84,173 units; up 23.5 percent
* Says co is assessing the one-time impact of transition to BS IV on the financials of the company
* Says co's dealers have confirmed that majority of BS-III compliant stocks have been sold by March 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 12 Sunesis Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* On April 7, CFO Eric Bjerkholt informed co of his resignation from all of his positions at co effective as of April 27, 2017
* Bjerkholt will remain an employee of company through April 27, 2017 - SEC Filing
* Will be initiating search for a CFO candidate, Bjerholt agreed in principle to continue as consultant to co until Dec 31, 2017 Source text: (bit.ly/2o7jkfI) Further company coverage:
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
A Ford logo is seen on a wall of the Oakville Assembly Plant as workers with UNIFOR attended a ratification vote nearby, in Oakville, Ontario, Canada November 6, 2016. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
SAN FRANCISCO Ford Motor Co (F.N) said on Thursday it was hiring 400 engineers, mostly in Canada, to work on connectivity software and hardware, part of a wider push to meet demand for more connected cars.
The 300 engineers in Canada and 100 in the United States will double the current size of the Detroit automaker's mobile connectivity engineering team. The company said it also plans to establish a new research and engineering center in Ottawa, Canada.
Connectivity is a key investment area for the auto industry as in-car technology catches up to that of smartphones. As more modems are built directly into cars, vehicles are able to access a richer array of digital services. Ford plans to equip 20 million cars with built-in modems in the next five years.
The new hires, many of whom are coming from BlackBerry Ltd's (BB.TO) shuttered handset business, will work on infotainment, in-vehicle modems, gateway modules, handset integration, security, driver assist features and autonomous vehicles, Ford said.
The move by the Detroit carmaker underscores how many new jobs in the auto sector are for white-collar technology jobs related to connectivity, mobility or autonomous vehicles, versus traditional factory jobs.
Ford said on Tuesday it was investing $200 million for an advanced data center in Michigan to support advances in vehicle connectivity and future developments in autonomous vehicles.
(Reporting by Alexandria Sage in San Francisco; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Wales will be the underdog again next week when it goes to Twickenham to face the two-time defending champion but Gatland expects to have at least two of his Lions backs available.
Liam Williams will take a full part in training on Monday after an abdominal problem, and George North should be available after tight hamstrings.
"I've said the draw was great for us. We've got England and Ireland away (in the next two rounds)," he said.
"We've often had pretty tough opening encounters so getting Scotland at home first up for us was a great opportunity. There were a lot of players who were involved last year (in the loss at Murrayfield) and they wanted to make up for that disappointment.
"Next week, we go to a venue where we've had a lot of success in the last 10 years."
At Twickenham, Gatland can count three wins on his watch. But he wasn't ready to predict the result next Saturday.
By The Associated Press
A farm labour company at the centre of animal abuse allegations has launched a new policy that some staff members will wear body cameras inside its barns.
In a statement released Wednesday, Elite Farm Services Ltd. said it will be mandatory for one supervisor and two staff members to wear cameras on their safety vests. The statement said all footage will be reviewed at the end of the day, then saved for 30 days.
The video system will be put in place within two weeks, Elite Services said, and cameras are currently being tested.
The move was part of an "organization-wide refresh and retraining" that began Tuesday, the day after video was released showing shocking abuse of chickens at farms operated by the company. Elite Services works directly for Sofina Foods Inc., which sells much of its chicken under the Lilydale brand in major grocery stores including Safeway and Loblaws.
The footage was shot by a Mercy for Animals whistleblower working undercover at several farms in the British Columbia.
Mercy for Animals said the footage showed workers committing "sadistic" acts against the birds, including ripping legs off live animals, slamming chickens against crates and mimicking sex acts. Other parts of the video showed chickens being thrown, kicked, punched and run over by forklifts.
The video, which was obtained by CTV News, was recorded over the month of May by someone hired as a chicken catcher – an employee responsible for catching the birds and loading them into crates so they can be processed. The incidents are being investigated by both the BC SPCA and the Canadian Food Inspection Agency. A complaint has also been filed with the RCMP.
On Wednesday, Elite Services called the events caught on camera "horrific," adding that they are "in no way representative of the practices or policies of our company."
The company also admitted that key details were left out of a statement on Tuesday when it promised to take action. Company president Dwayne Dueck said a crew supervisor and five other employees had been fired for not adhering to its "strict" animal care guidelines.
But on Wednesday, Dueck said "timelines were confused," at the time of the statement, and that two of the employees had actually been dismissed prior to the release of the video. He added that one more had been dismissed following that statement, bringing the total to seven.
Dueck has refused requests from CTV News for interview. The company has hired a crisis communications consultant to speak on its behalf.
Representatives of the company would not comment on accusations made by a fired supervisor and the whistleblower that management knew about the abuse before the video.
The scandal has increased calls for industry-wide changes. Industry insiders including Ian Duncan, Canada's foremost expert on poultry welfare, said that part of the problem is that chicken catching happens inside darkened barns and enclosed sheds where there are few witnesses.
"I've never seen anything as obviously cruel as that before," Duncan said after viewing the footage. "I think we've got to somehow make the whole process more visible."
The allegations came at a time when the industry was already working to improve its image, launching ads created to convince consumers that Canadian chicken is ethical.
"There are codes of practice we have in place at our farms. We monitor and we manage. If you've got staff, they sign off on how they're going to act and behave," said Ray Nickel of Chicken Farmers of Canada.
But some aren't sure if that's enough.
"I would say that these codes of practice are not helping to improve the welfare of animals right now," animal law lawyer Rebeka Breder said.
For more information on Mercy for Animals' probe, visit its website.
With reports from CTV News' Melanie Nagy and CTV Vancouver's Scott Roberts
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - McLaren Honda Formula One driver Fernando Alonso of Spain drives in the pit lane during the qualifying session. REUTERS/Yuri Kochetkov/Pool
SOCHI, Russia Double world champion Fernando Alonso failed to start Sunday's Russian Grand Prix due to an engine problem, the second race in a row that his struggling McLaren team have had just one car competing.
The Spaniard's Belgian rookie teammate Stoffel Vandoorne was absent from the grid in Bahrain two weeks ago due to a problem with the Honda power unit.
Alonso, who is due to race the Indianapolis 500 next month instead of the showcase Monaco Grand Prix, had qualified in 15th place in Sochi.
However, the car broke down on the formation lap at the pit lane entry, forcing the start to be aborted with the cars going around again as the unhappy Spaniard unbuckled himself and stepped out.
Honda said Alonso's car had suffered a loss of power due to a suspected energy recovery issue in the hybrid unit.
"It's obviously frustrating. Four races into the championship, four DNFs (non-finishes). This time we did not even make the start. That's sad but there's nothing we can do," Alonso told the BBC.
"I come here, drive as fast as I can to try and help the team. We just hope the next race will be better. I'm just a driver. I help the team but the team have to look at the bigger picture."
McLaren, the second most successful team in the sport's history in terms of wins, have not won a race since 2012 and are experiencing new lows every weekend with the engine lacking power and reliability.
They have yet to score a point in three races this season and Vandoorne started at the back of the grid in Russia due to a 15-place penalty incurred as a result of excessive engine component usage.
Honda, who have borne the brunt of the criticism, announced on Sunday a deal to supply Sauber with engines next season in addition to McLaren.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
A woman looks at real estate listings at an office in the Brooklyn borough of New York, U.S. March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK The share of U.S. mortgage refinancing activity contracted last week to its smallest in more than 8-1/2 years amid a jump in home borrowing costs this year, Mortgage Bankers Association data released on Wednesday showed.
The refinancing share of overall mortgage activity fell to 41.6 percent in the week ended April 7, the lowest level since September 2008. It was 42.6 percent in the previous week.
The average interest rate on 30-year, fixed-rate conforming mortgages, the most widely held type of U.S. home loan, fell to 4.28 percent, up 46 basis points from a year ago. It was 4.34 percent in the prior week.
Conforming loans are those with balances of $424,100 or less and that qualify for guarantees from federal mortgage agencies Fannie Mae (FNMA.PK) and Freddie Mac (FMCC.PK).
MBA's seasonally adjusted gauge of applications to refinance an existing home loan was little changed, hovering at a six-week low at 1,272.3. It was 40 percent lower than 2,122.0 a year earlier.
"With the rates today, it's hard to get back to a refinancing boom anytime soon," said Chris Nard, president of mortgage at Citizens Bank in Boston.
Mortgage rates had jumped in step with U.S. bond yields following Donald Trump's surprise U.S. presidential win. Traders had bet he and a Republican-controlled U.S. Congress would quickly enact tax cuts and infrastructure spending and loosen regulations, spurring business investments and inflation.
Home loan costs and Treasury yields US10YT=RR have retreated in recent weeks after Trump and leading Republican lawmakers failed to pass healthcare reform, causing traders to pare bets on rising inflation.
Worries about the French presidential election and tension between the United States and Syria as well as North Korea have sent bond yields and mortgage rates even lower.
Meanwhile, the Washington-based industry group said its seasonally adjusted gauge of application activity to buy a home, a proxy for future home sales, rose 2.9 percent at 246.7 in the latest week. It was 241.9 a year ago.
"We are optimistic about home sales this spring and the upcoming summer season," Citizens Bank's Nard said.
MBA's measure on overall mortgage applications rose 1.5 percent to 402.9, its first increase in four weeks. It was 520.2 a year earlier.
The share of applications for adjustable-rate mortgages was unchanged from the preceding week at 8.5 percent.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
OKLAHOMA CITY — The Charlotte Hornets finally won a road game. In a tough spot, too.
Dwight Howard scored 23 points to help the Charlotte Hornets beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 116-103 on Monday night. It was Charlotte's first victory on the road since Oct. 30 at Memphis.
"There are two ways you can go when you have a slow start," Howard said. "You can either look down upon yourself and say, 'I can't do it, it's too hard,' or you can look in the mirror and say 'I want to get out of this.' That's how we are feeling. Together we can do something good."
Kemba Walker had 19 points for the Hornets, who had lost seven of eight. Marvin Williams scored 18, and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist finished with 17 points.
Russell Westbrook had 30 points and seven assists, and Paul George scored 20 points for the Thunder after missing the previous two games with a right calf contusion.
Charlotte shot 53 per cent from the field against one of the league's best defensive teams. The Hornets made 13 of 25 3-point attempts while improving to 2-10 on the road.
"We played together, we moved the ball, our defensive intensity was great and when we needed a big play, they came up with the big plays," interim coach Stephen Silas said.
The game was tied at 66 in the third quarter when Charlotte went on a run and never relinquished momentum. A 3-pointer by Williams made it 74-66, leading to a Thunder timeout.
Charlotte kept right on rolling. A 3-pointer by Frank Kaminsky put the Hornets up 86-68, and a layup by Kidd-Gilchrist made it a 20-point game. The Hornets made 7 of 10 3-pointers in the quarter to go up 92-74 at the end of the period.
Oklahoma City cut the deficit to 11 on a dunk by Westbrook, but the Hornets quickly regained control for good.
FILE PHOTO: Logo of Saudi Aramco is seen at the 20th Middle East Oil & Gas Show and Conference (MOES 2017) in Manama, Bahrain, March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
LONDON Saudi Aramco IPO-ARMO.SE has formally appointed JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Morgan Stanley (MS.N) and HSBC (HSBA.L) as international financial advisers for its initial public offering, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters.
The trio join Moelis & Co (MC.N) and Evercore (EVR.N), which have been appointed independent financial advisers, one source said of what is expected to be the world's biggest share sale.
The Saudi authorities aim to sell up to 5 percent of Aramco, listing the shares in Riyadh and at least one foreign exchange to raise cash for investment in new industries in a bid to diversify away from oil exports in an era of cheap crude.
Aramco has appointed Saudi Arabia's NCB Capital 1180.SE and Samba Capital 1090.SE as local advisers, the sources said.
Reuters previously reported that JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, Moelis and Evercore had been asked to work on the global listing, while HSBC was a leading contender to join them. Samba Capital was earlier named as one of two local advisers.
One source said all the banks had now been "onboarded", a term indicating they had been fully briefed on the IPO process, and had been tasked with work that includes helping ensure systems on the Saudi stock exchange, the Tadawul, can be integrated with a foreign exchange.
Saudi Aramco has yet to pick a foreign site to list.
When asked for comment, Saudi Aramco said it did not respond to rumor or speculation. Officials at NCB Capital were not immediately available and other banks have previously declined to comment on their role.
(Reporting by Ron Bousso in London,; David French in New York, Davide Barbuscia in Dubai, with additional reporting by Reem Shamseddine in Khobar, Saudi Arabia; Writing by Tom Arnold; Editing by Edmund Blair)
BRIEF-Gateway Lifestyle Group says FY17 underlying net profit guidance revised
* Sees FY17 ‍distributable earnings expected to be about $39 million for FY17, down $4.2 million on prior guidance​
April 12 UBS Wealth Management Americas (WMA), a unit of UBS Group AG named Mark Sanborn as head of capital markets & sales, according to an internal memo obtained by Reuters.
Sanborn — currently chief risk officer of the company's investment bank — will be succeeding Tom Troy, who is retiring after 30 years in financial services.
In addition, Peter Hill will be joining UBS WMA as head of public finance from Wells Fargo where he was U.S. head of public finance since 2009. The company also named Steven Genyk as WMA head of municipal trading. (Reporting by Elizabeth Dilts in New York and Komal Khettry in Bengaluru)
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japan's Financial Services Agency said on Friday it had been urging Coincheck to fix vulnerabilities in its computer system before hackers stole $530 million of digital money from the cryptocurrency exchange.
The financial regulator said the system vulnerability was among the reasons that Coincheck had not yet received official approval as an exchange. (Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
A young child plays by the thatch shacks used by many refugees to build their homes in the Muna Garage area in the city of Maiduguri, Nigeria February 16, 2017. REUTERS/Paul Carsten
Internally displaced Somali children eat boiled rice outside their family's makeshift shelter at the Al-cadaala camp in Somalia's capital Mogadishu March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Feisal Omar
A child is checked for signs of malnutrition by a United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund (UNICEF) health worker during a registration prior to a humanitarian food distribution carried out by the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) in Thonyor, Leer county, South Sudan, February 25, 2017. REUTERS/Siegfried Modola
LONDON Global food crises worsened significantly in 2016 and conditions look set to deteriorate further this year in some areas with an increasing risk of famine, a report said on Friday.
"There is a high risk of famine in some areas of north-eastern Nigeria, Somalia, South Sudan and Yemen because of armed conflict, drought and macro-economic collapse," the Food Security Information Network (FSIN) said.
FSIN, which is co-sponsored by the United Nations food agency, the World Food Programme and the International Food Policy Research Institute, said the demand for humanitarian assistance was escalating.
FSIN said that 108 million people were reported to be facing crisis level food insecurity or worse in 2016, a drastic increase from the previous year's total of almost 80 million.
The network uses a five phase scale with the third level classified as crisis, fourth as emergency and fifth as famine/catastrophe.
"In 2017, widespread food insecurity is likely to persist in Iraq, Syria (including among refugees in neighboring countries), Malawi and Zimbabwe," the report said.
(Reporting by Nigel Hunt; Editing by Ruth Pitchford)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
DELHI, April 9 Chinese navy ship supported by an Indian navy helicopter thwarted an attack on a Tuvalu-flagged merchant ship by suspected Somali pirates, India's defence ministry said on Sunday.
The OS 35 was reported to be under attack on Saturday.
"An Indian Navy helicopter undertook aerial reconnaissance of the merchant vessel at night, and at sunrise, to sanitize the upper decks of the merchant ship and ascertain the location of pirates, if still on board," the defence ministry said in a statement.
"Subsequently ... a boarding party from the nearby Chinese Navy ship went on board the merchant ship, while the Indian Naval helicopter provided air cover for the operation." (Reporting by Aditya Kalra; Writing by George Obulutsa; Editing by Larry King)
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 28 Lar Espana Real Estate SOCIMI SA:
* Secures bank financing of asset Lagasca99 of 78 million euros ($84.8 million) from Banco Santander
* To use the funds to finance construction of Lagasca99 property and finance potential buyers
* Updates terms and conditions of an additional balance of 40 million euros Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9195 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
TOKYO Japan said on Monday that it was sending its ambassador back to South Korea almost three months after recalling him over a statue commemorating Korean women forced to work in Japanese military brothels during World War Two.
The two nations in 2015 agreed that the issue of "comfort women", which has long troubled ties between the Asian neighbours, would be "finally and irreversibly resolved" if all conditions of the accord - which included a Japanese apology and a fund to help the victims - were met.
Japan had said that the statue near its consulate in the southern South Korean city of Busan, which depicted a young woman sitting barefoot in a chair and was erected at the end of last year, violated that agreement.
Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida told reporters that ambassador Yasumasa Nagamine would return to South Korea on Tuesday after being recalled in early January.
He said that a period of political flux after the arrest of ousted president Park Geun-hye meant an ambassador needed to be in place in order to gather information on the situation as well as for maintaining close ties in the face of North Korea's missile and nuclear programmes.
Along with recalling the ambassador, Japan also postponed bilateral "high-level" economic dialogue and talks on a new currency swap arrangement with South Korea.
The term "comfort women" is a euphemism for girls and women, from South Korea, China, the Philippines and elsewhere, who were forced to work in Japanese military brothels. South Korean activists estimate that there may have been as many as 200,000 Korean victims.
(Reporting by Elaine Lies, editing by Nick Macfie)
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
LAS VEGAS, April 13 A jury is due to begin deliberations after closing arguments conclude on Thursday in the trial of six men accused of acting as gunmen for cattle rancher Cliven Bundy in a tense 2014 standoff with federal law enforcement officers.
The six defendants are the first of 17 people to go on trial on charges related to the standoff at Bundy's property near Bunkerville, 75 miles (120 km) northeast of Las Vegas, in a case that has come to symbolize tensions in the U.S. West over the federal ownership of land that ranchers use to graze cattle.
The defendants were among hundreds who traveled to the ranch to stand up for Bundy, whose refusal to pay $1 million in grazing fees for running his cattle on federal land had become a cause celebre on the political right.
Bundy and two of his sons are defendants in the second of three scheduled federal trials later this year.
Jurors are expected to begin deliberation as early as Thursday afternoon after closing arguments for the defendants are completed.
Gregory Burleson, O. Scott Drexler, Todd Engel, Ricky Lovelien, Eric Parker and Steven Stewart are charged with conspiracy against the government, conspiracy to impede a federal officer, assault, threatening and obstruction of justice.
They are also charged with extortion, interstate travel in aid of extortion and using a firearm during a crime of violence.
During the eight-week trial, defense attorneys have described their clients as patriotic citizens who learned from social media and the internet of federal efforts to remove Bundy's cattle from federal public lands.
Lawyers for the defendants said in their closing arguments on Wednesday that the men did not pose a threat but were simply backing Bundy in a dispute over the government's land-use policy.
Prosecutors, however, have claimed the men were willing to use “armed force, threats and intimidation” to enforce Bundy's desire to see his impounded cattle returned.
“They thought they were going to die out there for simply carrying out their duties,” Assistant United States Attorney Nicholas Dickinson said during closing arguments on Wednesday in reference to the outgunned Bureau of Land Management rangers and National Park Service officers who were assigned to provide security for a court-ordered roundup of Bundy's cattle.
The trial in U.S. District Judge Gloria Navarro's courtroom made use of voluminous audio, video and still photography that captured the drama, which ended peacefully. (Reporting by John L. Smith in Las Vegas; Editing by Brendan O'Brien and Tom Heneghan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3Shanghai Belling Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.2 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) to shareholders of record on May 10, for FY 2016
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on May 11 and the dividend will be paid on May 11
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/uEjd8y
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The Moscow office of Russian diamond miner Alrosa is reflected in the company's name plate in central Moscow October 2, 2013. REUTERS/Tatyana Makeyeva
MOSCOW Russian diamond miner Alrosa (ALRS.MM) is not interested in buying Canada's Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC.TO) (DDC.N), Alrosa's Chief Executive Sergey Ivanov said on Tuesday.
Dominion Diamond Corp, the target of an unsolicited $1.1 billion bid by U.S. billionaire Dennis Washington, said on Monday it would launch a formal sale process for the company.
"We are not interested at this stage," Ivanov said in an emailed response to Reuters' questions.
Dominion Diamond's shares rose on Monday on market speculation that global miners including Rio Tinto (RIO.L) (RIO.AX) and Anglo American's (AAL.L) De Beers unit may now enter the fray and make a bid for the company, the world's third-largest diamond producer by value.
Analysts also speculated that Alrosa, the world's largest producer of rough diamonds, and private equity players could be interested in Dominion, which owns the Ekati diamond mine in Canada's Northwest Territories.
Ivanov, Alrosa's newly appointed chief executive, has already said he would remain committed to Alrosa's strategy, which has focused on mining, selling non-core assets and growing its own production.
(Reporting by Polina Devitt; Editing by Kevin O'Flynn and Mark Potter)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe speaks to the media as he walks at his official residence in Tokyo, Japan, March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Wednesday further provocative action is possible from North Korea after the reclusive state earlier fired another ballistic missile.
Abe told reporters Japan would cooperate closely with the United States and South Korea to protect people's lives and well-being.
North Korea fired a ballistic missile from its east coast into the sea off the peninsula, South Korea's military said, ahead of a summit between U.S. and Chinese leaders who are set to discuss Pyongyang's arms programme.
(Reporting by Kaori Kaneko; Editing by Paul Tait)
DEKALB, Ill. — Nike Sibande scored 20 points and grabbed seven rebounds and Miami (OH) beat Northern Illinois 81-65 on Saturday afternoon.
Jalen Adaway added 17 points for the RedHawks (13-10, 6-4 Mid-American Conference) who have won four of their last five. Isaiah Coleman-Lands scored 16 points on 4 of 5 shooting from 3-point range and Bam Bowman had 10 points and six rebounds.
The Redhawks opened the game on a Sibande 3-pointer and led all the way, building to a 33-16 advantage with 5:08 left and were up 38-28 at the break.
Northern Illinois closed to 58-49 midway through the second half, but Coleman-Lands replied with three 3s in the span of four possessions and Dalonte Brown included a dunk to help push it to 71-51 with 6:15 left and the RedHawks cruised from there.
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Rfm Corp:
* RFM CORP -APPROVED BUY-BACK OF RFM SHARES FROM PHILIPPINE EQUITIES MARKET, COPR BOUGHT TOTAL OF ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND RFM SHARES‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A man works on a truck after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A man walks among the ruins after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A man looks at a street destroyed after flooding and mudslides, caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A man walks among the ruins after flooding and mudslides, caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A man walks on a street destroyed after flooding and mudslides, caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A man walks among the ruins after flooding and mudslides, caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
People wait to recognize the bodies of their relatives in the cemetery after flooding and mudslides, caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A woman cries after identifying her daughter's body after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains in Villagarzon, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
People wait to identify the bodies of their relatives at a cemetery after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
People wait to identify the bodies of their relatives at a cemetery after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
Men walk in a river with their belongings after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
Men walk with their belongings on a street destroyed after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A man walks among the ruins after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A woman is seen on a destroyed street after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
Rescuers look for bodies in a destroyed area after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A man looks at a destroyed area after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A man walks among the ruins after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
People walk in a destroyed area after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
An excavator works by taking stones from the river, after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains, leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
People recover their belongings after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains, leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
Rescuers look for bodies in a destroyed area, after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A man looks at a destroyed area, after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
MOCOA, Colombia Families and rescuers searched desperately on Sunday through mud-plastered rubble for victims of flooding and landslides in Colombia that have killed 254 people, injured hundreds and devastated entire neighborhoods.
Several rivers burst their banks near the southwestern city of Mocoa in the early hours of Saturday, sending water, mud and debris crashing down streets and into houses as people slept.
Volunteers and firefighters tended to 82 bodies downstream in the town of Villagarzon and said many corpses were still caught in debris.
"We had to recover them ourselves. We think we'll find more," Villagarzon Mayor Jhon Every Calderon told Reuters. He said the town had no coffins or sanitary storage.
Many families in Mocoa stayed up through the night to search through the debris, despite the lack of electricity in the city.
"I need to know where they are, if they are injured or where to find them," sobbed Maria Lilia Tisoy, 37, looking through the rubble for her two daughters, one pregnant, and a 4-year-old granddaughter.
"If they are dead, please God deliver them to me," she said.
President Juan Manuel Santos made a second visit to the area on Sunday. He said water and energy services would be restored as soon as possible.
Santos blamed climate change for the disaster, saying Mocoa had received one-third of its usual monthly rain in just one night, causing the rivers to burst their banks.
There was disagreement over the death toll for most of Sunday but, late in the evening, the government's total was increased to match the 254-person figure released by the army. Just over 200 were injured.
Disaster officials said more than 500 people were staying in emergency housing and social services had helped 10 lost children find their parents.
The disaster came after deadly flooding in Peru killed more than 100 people and destroyed infrastructure.
Families of the dead will receive about $6,400 in aid and the government will cover hospital and funeral costs.
Even in a country where heavy rains, a mountainous landscape and informal construction combine to make landslides a common occurrence, the scale of the Mocoa disaster was daunting compared to recent tragedies, including a 2015 landslide that killed nearly 100 people.
Colombia's deadliest landslide, the 1985 Armero disaster, killed more than 20,000 people.
Santos urged Colombians to take precautions against flooding and continued rains.
The president also thanked China and the Inter-American Development Bank for donating $1 million and $200,000 respectively toward relief efforts.
(Additional reporting by Julia Symmes Cobb, Nelson Bocangra and Luis Jaime Acosta in Bogota; Editing by Andrea Ricci, Sandra Maler and Paul Tait)
Wondering why the City is contemplating new endeavours along the Bayfront when it's clear they can't take care of what's currently there.
Frank Kane, Hamilton
Cut down those dandelions
RE: Weed control
I understand why the city/school boards do not want to spray weed killer on the yellow carpet of dandelions, but can you please cut them before they go to seed? Give the homeowners a break from the seeds' spread.
Marg MacNaughton, Hamilton
Happy Cannabis Day!
RE: July 1
How times have changed. For decades, July 1 was known as Dominion Day. Then in 1982, it was renamed Canada Day. Now, as we move closer to that day, it will be known as Cannabis Day. So happy Cannabis Day!
John Vesprini, Stoney Creek
$30 for a half-hour is too much
RE: RBG admission
My husband is awaiting hip replacement surgery in June and we are two seniors with limited walking ability — i.e. short distances only. Recently we wanted to see the lilacs at the Arboretum but were disappointed that it would cost us $30 to probably spend less than 45 minutes. The cashier said "this allows you to visit the other RBG locations today as well" which is fine for able bodied people but we knew we would not be able to visit the other locations today as just the visit to the lilac dell would have tired my husband too much. Could there not be a single use admission good for one visit at one location? We realize it costs a lot of money to maintain these beautiful gardens but $30 for two seniors to spend less than an hour seems a bit much when you are on a limited income.
Sandra Carpenter, Ancaster
Grass is no greener in Switzerland
RE: Ottawa's rules make health care worse (May 22)
The Fraser Institute is at it again, attempting to convince us our health-care system is broken and in desperate need of a for-profit fix. They hold up countries like Switzerland as an example of short wait times and greater access to physicians for about the same as we pay. In fact OECD figures show Swiss health care costs in 2015 were equal to 12.1 per cent of GDP, second only to the United States. The Swiss pay for about one third of their care through mandatory insurance, the cost of which is outstripping inflation. Economist Heinz Locher told the Swiss newspaper Blick recently, "The Swiss health system is like an unguided missile. It behaves like a junkie that needs more and more money all the time," before calling for the current system to be completely overhauled. The CEO of health provider Santésuisse has said the system is "gradually approaching collapse". Apparently the grass is always greener in Switzerland, except when it isn't.
Phil Beard, Dundas
What's with the Trump obsession?
RE: Trump presidency
Everyone has an opinion relating to President Trump while we are governed by the worst government in Canadian history. What's up with that?
Gary Wilson, Hamilton
No comparing Israel and Iran
RE: Sanctioning Iran a rotten act (May 22)
Irrespective of whether or not Israel possesses nuclear weapons, it's simply absurd to equate democratic Israel with the terror-supporting, Holocaust-denying theocratic Iranian regime.
Israel has never tested, used or threatened the use of nuclear weapons, has called for the creation of a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East and has stated many times that it will not be the first state to introduce nuclear weapons into the region. Iran's destructive pursuit of nuclear weapons, destabilization of the Middle East, funding or terror proxies Hamas and Hezbollah and its deplorable human-rights record have rightfully made this country an outcast in the international community.
Iran's leadership continues to incite genocide in its calls for Israel's annihilation and yet, Bill Prestwich is quick to come to the defence of the "Mad Mullahs," implying that there is no evidence that Iran is producing nuclear weapons. However, recently exposed Israeli intelligence documents taken from Tehran show that Iran has plans to put a nuclear warhead on a Shahab-3 ballistics missile and to develop atomic weapons.
Make no mistake, Iran represents a genuine threat not only to Israel, but to the entire world.
Mike Fegelman, Director, HonestReporting Canada
REPORT – NEW YORK GIANTS WILL NOT RE-SIGN LARRY DONNELL…
The NFL Network is reporting that the New York Giants will not re-sign soon-to-be unrestricted free agent tight end Larry Donnell. Donnell began the 2016 season as the starting tight end but was benched after the bye week. He started to receive more playing time again late in the season. Donnell ended up playing in 14 games with six starts, and finished the regular season with just 15 catches for 92 yards (6.1 yards per catch) and one touchdown.
Donnell originally went undrafted and unsigned in 2011. The Giants signed him as a street free agent in March 2012 and Donnell spent the 2012 season on the team's Practice Squad. Donnell has regressed since his breakout 2014 season (63 catches for 623 yards and six touchdowns). His numbers were down in 2015 (missing half the season with a neck injury) and down again in 2016. He just has not developed as hoped or expected.
ARTICLES…
Yes, this probably does require some explanation.
When Tenute and his now-wife started dating, he'd never had a falafel. Never had tabouli, never had baklava, never had kibbeh.
"I had not had any of this stuff," he says.
That wasn't going to last long since his wife's father had arrived in this city from Lebanon several decades ago and opened a restaurant called La Luna. In subsequent years, the family had started a second location and three La Luna Express restaurants. So it was natural he'd be introduced to it on one of their first dates.
Mr. Eat-His-Way-Around-The-World was sold after that one dinner. He immediately started eating it nearly every day he was home. Now that he was looking for a new career, helping grow the business made all kinds of sense. His plan quickly became all about turning something he loved that was already successful into something bigger.
"One of the goals we have is to expand and make La Luna something that we can put in cities that aren't just Hamilton," he says.
Right now he's working out of the James Street South location with his brother-in-law and learning the ropes. Soon the expansion plans will begin in earnest.
In the meantime, he's doing fine without hockey. After nearly 750 regular-season and playoff games in the pros, he figures he'd accomplished everything he wanted.
"I wish I won the Stanley Cup," he laughs.
OK, he accomplished almost everything.
He won a Calder Cup. He got to play for his hometown team. He walked away healthy. He played an NHL game and had a few shifts with Alex Ovechkin.
"He got stuck out on a long shift and I jumped on," he quips.
And he's not giving it up cold turkey. He's signed up to play occasionally in a competitive 3-on-3 league. Partly because he still loves it and partly because his kids are too young to have many memories of his playing career. That's something he thinks about now.
Even though it's not the big time, he wants his son to have some memories of dad on the ice.
"I want my son to still watch me play hockey," Tenute says. "I still want to be his favourite player."
sradley@thespec.com
905-526-2440 | @radleyatthespec
Spectator columnist Scott Radley hosts The Scott Radley Show weeknights from 7-9 on 900CHML
April 3Yinchuan Xinhua Commercial Group Co Ltd :
* Says it filed a lawsuit against a Shanghai-based investment company with Ningxia Intermediate People's Court, regarding private placement deposit dispute
* Says the company requested payment of 11.3 million yuan and asked the investment firm for payment of the lawsuit
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/9QmGGF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Some of us are on Facebook for hours, compulsively scrolling through pictures of other people who are on vacation, receiving an award, having a marvellous dinner out with friends, or otherwise having more fun than we are. A few people announce they're taking a break from Facebook, but most of us are too hopelessly addicted.
O'Gorman says there's a growing concept of abstinence from digital devices, or as he puts it in his new article in the Atlantic magazine, "digital temperance."
France has now outlawed smartphone use in public schools. Some inventors have created locked boxes that offer a compromise: Your phone is safe and close by, but not accessible. "You can hold it, but you can't use it," O'Gorman writes.
Some performing artists such as comedian Chris Rock require audience members to lock their phones away in a pouch they take with them into the show, O'Gorman said.
This ensures the full attention of the audience, and prevents bootleg videos from being made. The pouch is unlocked afterwards, using technology similar to stores as they remove anti-theft tags off expensive clothing after you've purchased it.
But that's pretty heavy-handed, O'Gorman says, and "doesn't teach any kind of self-control."
He has a different idea.
Next week, O'Gorman will be at St. Mary's High School in Kitchener for an experiment in unplugging. With some assistants, he will teach several hundred high school students to make their own "resistor case," in which to store their phones.
He hopes students will value the cases more because they'll be making them themselves. Each case has a clasp that uses Velcro, which makes a really loud noise when you open it. It's up to students whether the case is opened or stays closed, but others are watching — and listening.
O'Gorman sees the benefits of technology. But he understands that, as is said of fire, it's a good servant and a bad master. If technology is going to define our lives, then we should have a say, he argues.
"It shouldn't be a 19-year-old engineer at a startup deciding what we're going to be using."
ldamato@therecord.com , Twitter: @DamatoRecord
MOGADISHU, April 9 At least four people were killed when a car bomb exploded outside a military base in the Somali capital of Mogadishu on Sunday, including some in a van that was destroyed, military officials said.
The car bomb targeted senior officials leaving the base in a convoy, they said. The Islamist group al Shabaab was behind the attack, said Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab's spokesman for military operations.
"The suicide car bomb was targeting senior military officials but by good luck their car was not hit. Their car turned a minute before the blast," Major Abdikadir Hussein, a military official, told Reuters.
"A mini-bus carrying civilians was also destroyed. We cannot give the exact figure of casualties, but many civilians died in the attack. (Reporting by Abdi Sheikh and Feisal Omar; Writing by George Obulutsa; Editing by Larry King)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
"It was a hard turnaround, I'm not going to dispute that," Thunder coach Billy Donovan said. "But I think every NBA team has to deal with it."
Westbrook approached a triple-double in the first half with nine points, nine assists and seven rebounds to help the Thunder take a 58-54 lead at the break.
The Pelicans seized momentum early in the third quarter. New Orleans led 97-89 in the fourth when Westbrook checked back in after a rest.
Westbrook made a 3-pointer with just under two minutes remaining to cut New Orleans' lead to seven, but Davis hit a 3-pointer at the other end, then made another shortly after that to put the game out of reach.
TIP-INS
Pelicans: Gentry was called for a technical foul in the second quarter. ... Gentry said during his pregame media session that Cousins had been putting up MVP-type numbers. Cousins averaged 25.2 points, 12.9 rebounds and 5.4 assists per game before his injury.
Thunder: Adams scored 13 points on 6-for-9 shooting in the first half. ... Adams reached 3,000 career points. He joined Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka as the only Thunder players with at least 3,000 career points and 350 career blocks. ... G Raymond Felton was called for a technical foul in the fourth quarter. ... G Terrance Ferguson was ill and played just 11 minutes.
STAT LINES
Westbrook nearly added another double-figure statistic to his line — he had nine turnovers. The Thunder had 16 turnovers as a team.
QUOTABLE
Gentry, on Davis setting the record: "I don't think that is much of a surprise to anyone. It was just a matter of time."
MISSING ANDRE
The Thunder have struggled to stop opponents since Andre Roberson, a second-team All-Defence selection last season, suffered a season-ending left patellar tendon injury. They won their first game without him against Philadelphia but followed that with three rough outings. Oklahoma City lost to Washington, which was playing without All-Star John Wall, then gave up 127 points in a loss to Denver before losing to the Pelicans.
UP NEXT
Pelicans play at the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday.
Thunder host the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday.
___
Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CliffBruntAP
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Cliff Brunt, The Associated Press
Mansfield and district crime report sent on behalf of Mansfield District Commander Nick Butler, for the week to Thursday October 5.
Crimes reported over the past 7 days, 12:00 28th September - 12:00 5th October 2017.
Only those areas with reported crimes are listed.
Berry Hill
Burglary dwelling:
On Wednesday evening a house on Clifford Street was entered and a television and stereo were taken from the property.
Burglary other than dwelling:
The garage of a property on Portland Street was entered via a boarded window, two bicycles and a number of power tools were taken.
Theft from a motor vehicle:
Overnight on Friday a car parked on Gedling Street was entered by unknown means and cables and a blue disability parking badge were stolen.
Broomhill
Criminal damage to a motor vehicle:
On Monday afternoon a named offender was witnessed to throw a large pole at a school bus parked on Westfield Lane.
Cumberlands
Burglary other than dwelling:
A Mountfield lawnmower was stolen from the garage of a house on Westfield Lane on Friday night, the door of the garage was unlocked.
Theft from a motor vehicle:
A vehicle parked on Pye Avenue was entered overnight on Thursday 28th and a number of small items stolen, the car had been left unlocked.
Overnight on Friday a car parked on Allington Drive was broken into after offenders smashed the front passenger window. An empty bag was taken from the vehicle.
Church Warsop
Burglary dwelling:
On Sunday afternoon a resident of Perlethorpe Avenue left his front door open for a few minutes. While he was out an offender entered the house and stole a Samsung Galaxy mobile phone.
Eakring
Burglary dwelling:
An empty flat on Hall Street was broken into on Wednesday afternoon. A window was smashed and damage caused to a water pipe which resulted in flooding of the property.
Theft from a motor vehicle:
In the early hours of Friday morning a male offender was witnessed breaking into a van on Normanton Drive, tools were stolen in the incident. A van parked on Bedford Avenue was broken into on the same morning and again tools were stolen.
Forest Town East
Theft from a motor vehicle:
On Monday evening a white Ford Fiesta was stolen from outside a property on First Avenue.
Ladybrook
Burglary other than dwelling:
Overnight on Monday a shed on Holden Street was forced open and a bicycle stolen.
Theft from a motor vehicle:
On Sunday evening a car parked on St. John's Place was broken into after the driver's side window was smashed, a handbag containing bank cards and a mobile phone were stolen.
Over the weekend a car parked on Ladybrook Lane was entered by unknown means and a dashboard camera stolen along with a blue disabled badge.
Criminal damage to a motor vehicle:
At some time on Tuesday a car parked on Frank Avenue was deliberately scratched along one side.
Leeming
Burglary dwelling:
The rear door of a house on Rushpool Avenue was forced open on Saturday afternoon, a gold watch and cash were taken from the property.
Theft from a motor vehicle:
On Friday evening a sat-nav was stolen from a car parked on Marples Avenue.
Overnight on Friday a passport was stolen from a car parked on Meadow Bank, the vehicle had been left unlocked.
Lindhurst
Burglary dwelling:
On an exact date unknown house keys were stolen from inside a house on Fiskerton Court, the locks have now been changed at the property.
Oak Tree
Criminal damage to a motor vehicle:
On Sunday afternoon a brick was thrown through the window of a car parked on Ling Forest Court.
Portland
Theft from a motor vehicle:
On Sunday afternoon a van parked on the Mansfield Leisure Park was broken into and a number of tools stolen, including a DeWalt drill set and an SDS drill.
Priory
Theft of a motor vehicle:
A black VW Golf parked on the driveway of a property on Gladstone Street was stolen on Monday night.
Criminal damage to a motor vehicle:
On Friday afternoon a car parked on Warsop Road was deliberately scratched along one side.
Ravensdale
Burglary dwelling:
At lunchtime on Saturday two unknown males forced open the front door of a house on Terrace Road and then fled without taking anything when disturbed by the occupants.
Sherwood
Theft of a motor vehicle:
Overnight on Monday a silver Peugeot parked on Clumber Drive was stolen.
Theft from a motor vehicle:
On the afternoon of Thursday 28th springs and shock absorbers were stolen from a car parked on Perlethorpe Avenue, the car had been left unsecured.
Town Centre
Burglary other than dwelling:
Overnight on Tuesday a quantity of alcohol was stolen from a Leeming Street business. On Tuesday evening a brick was thrown through the window of business premises on White Hart Street in an attempt to enter the building.
Theft from a motor vehicle:
Overnight on Thursday 29th a car parked outside a public house in the town centre was broken into and house keys stolen from the vehicle.
Warsop Birklands
Theft of a motor vehicle:
A white Ford Transit pick-up truck was stolen from outside a house on Portland Street overnight on Saturday.
Other News/Appeals:
Message ends.
Inspector Nick Butler
Mansfield District Commander
YOU CAN NOW REPORT INCIDENTS ON LINE AT:
www.nottinghamshire.police.uk/contact
follow the link – Report a crime or incident online.
(In an emergency always call 999).
A Starbucks logo is seen on an espresso machine in a store inside the Tom Bradley terminal at LAX airport in Los Angeles, California, United States, October 27, 2015. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
LOS ANGELES Starbucks Corp will open a dedicated mobile order and pay store next week in its Seattle headquarters building as it tests how to best serve convenience-oriented customers, the company said in a letter to employees on Thursday.
The coffee chain has been looking for ways to ease bottlenecks at cafe drink delivery stations, which suffered peak-hour backups due to a pileup of mobile drink orders.
Starbucks' headquarters has two cafes that serve the more than 5,000 company employees who work there. One of those cafes, which is available only to company employees, is among its top three stores in the United States for mobile ordering.
Mobile orders from the building will be routed to the new store, which will have a large window where customers can pick up drinks and see them being made.
This fall, Starbucks also will convert an existing cafe in the building into the first of its new, premium Reserve stores. That store is open to the public. A second Reserve store is slated to open soon after in Chicago.
(Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Repeats for wider distribution)
By Michael Flaherty
NEW YORK, March 30 Institutional Shareholder Services Inc, the world's top proxy advisory firm, is making activist investors work harder than ever to earn its backing in corporate control battles in a shift being led by the new man in charge of its recommendations.
Since Cristiano Guerra formally took over in January as the head of ISS's special situations research team, the firm's support for activists in proxy fights has fallen to 50 percent of the cases, compared with 60 percent last year, according to data from FactSet and Proxy Insight. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/2nhYXei)Guerra became acting head on Sept. 1 of last year.
While it is still early in his tenure, Guerra has indicated a greater willingness to challenge activist funds pushing for changes in corporate boards and strategies, according interviews with advisors, investors, and current and former colleagues.
"I think (Guerra) is fair and has no obvious sympathy for one side or the other," said Bruce Goldfarb, CEO of proxy solicitation firm Okapi Partners.
"There will be a more significant burden, more so than in the past, for activists to explain why ISS should support them."
Bought by private equity firm Vestar Capital Partners in 2014, ISS has a staff of 900 covering each year 40,000 meetings of publicly traded companies worldwide, offering recommendations on everything from CEO pay to a board's bylaws. Guerra's team - which also issues recommendations on mergers and acquisitions - wields significant influence over the outcome of proxy fights and contested transactions.
Signs that ISS's stance is evolving from one perceived as more sympathetic towards activist shareholders comes at a time when activist targets are thinning out and smaller in size after a six-year surge in campaigns against corporate boards.
Guerra's most telling decision so far came on March 16, when ISS recommended shareholders for Cypress Semiconductor Corp , which was facing a proxy fight, vote for management's proposal to eliminate cumulative voting. The structure favors minority shareholders because it gives them more power when deciding the fate of individual board members. ISS had rarely recommended eliminating such a shareholder right in the face of a contested election.
Guerra played a key role in ISS adopting the position that by eliminating the cumulative voting bylaw, and adopting other measures, it would the playing field for all shareholders, according to people familiar with the matter.
"I don't think ISS would have made that kind of decision five years ago," said one of Guerra's former colleagues, who offered to be interviewed only on condition of anonymity.
Guerra, 44, was an executive at an aviation security company before he joined ISS in 2009. Quiet and deliberate, sources say, he has kept a low profile since his appointment and declined to be interviewed. ISS spokesman Subodh Mishra also declined to comment on the company's behalf for the story.
One of the biggest challenges facing ISS and Guerra's team is defending its position as the go-to source for shareholder recommendations. Big asset managers, such as BlackRock Inc and Vanguard Group Inc, are building up their in-house proxy voting arms. Advisory firms such as Camberview Partners LLC and Sard Verbinnen & Co are hiring former ISS staffers and corporate governance experts to expand into proxy advisory work.
The Maryland-based company is under constant pressure to demonstrate its impartiality given it gets paid by institutional funds for its research and recommendations. ISS has increased its reach to companies as well in recent years, which use its consulting arm for corporate governance advisory services.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has criticized ISS for siding with shareholders at the expense of CEOs and company directors, and has called for more regulatory oversight, which resulted in a Congressional bill last year that never made it to a vote.
ISS's special situations research team has yet to be tested by a major, high-profile proxy contest under Guerra's leadership. That will come later in this year's proxy season, when it rules on activist hedge fund Elliott Management LP's attempt to overthrow board directors and the CEO of Arconic Inc , the $10 billion specialty metals company.
(Reporting by Michael Flaherty; Editing by Greg Roumeliotis and Tomasz Janowski)
Emmanuel Macron (R), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, meets London Mayor Sadiq Khan at his campaign headquarters in Paris, France, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
PARIS Emmanuel Macron, the centrist who is favourite to win the French presidential election in May, said on Wednesday his priority, as Britain starts the process of divorce from the European Union, would be to protect EU citizens.
"The question is not to punish the UK for a vote by the British people. The question on both sides is to organise precisely and smoothly such a decision," he said after meeting London mayor Sadiq Khan.
"My priority will be to protect the European Union and the interests of the European citizen and my deep wish is to have Great Britain, with the European Union ... in another relationship," he told reporters.
"I think particularly on defence matters it's important to work together."
(Reporting by Andrew Callus; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
LIVERPOOL, England, April 30 Chelsea manager Antonio Conte celebrated with his team's fans at the end of a crucial 3-0 win at Everton on Sunday but then quickly warned that plenty of work remained to be done for his side to clinch the Premier League title.
A beautiful, long-range strike from Pedro, a Gary Cahill tap-in and a neatly worked goal from substitute Willian secured three points in the trickiest test in Chelsea's title run-in.
While aware of the significance of the victory, the Italian manager, in his first season in the Premier League, remained wary of counting his chickens.
"At this part of the season every win is a great win for us. Before this game there were five games to go. Now there are four games to go. For us every win is a great win and for this reason we must celebrate in the right way, with my players with the staff, with our fans.
"We have to have great enthusiasm and great patience because I think we are having a great season but for it to become a fantastic season we must win," he told reporters.
That 'fantastic season' could yet become a repeat of the club's double -- Premier League and FA Cup -- triumph in 2010 with Conte's team facing Arsenal in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 27.
Everton was expected to be the toughest game in Chelsea's run-in. Ronald Koeman's team had lost only one game at Goodison before Sunday and had won their last eight in a row but after a tight first half Chelsea ran out comfortable winners.
"For sure today is a great result for us. To win away against Everton is not easy but I think we have to continue in this way and to go step by step and game by game and take three points every game until the end," Conte said.
"Now it is very important after this crucial week for us, we played against Tottenham for the final in the FA Cup and then on Tuesday against Southampton and now against Everton. I think we finished a crucial week very well. We all know there is this part of the season that is the most important.
"Now it is important for us to prepare the right way (for) the next game. If we don't win against Middlesbrough (on May 8) you lose this great win," he said.
The always emotional Conte said that his post-game interaction with his team had been physical rather than verbal.
"The message was only great hugs and great enthusiasm, great passion," he said. (Editing by Clare Fallon)
March 29 Paychex Inc-
* Paychex Inc reports third quarter results
* Q3 revenue $795.8 million versus I/B/E/S view $799 million
* Paychex Inc qtrly total service revenue increased 6% to $782.6 million
* Sees 2017 payroll service revenue is anticipated to increase in range of 3% to 4%
* Paychex Inc qtrly payroll service revenue increased 2% to $446.6 million
* Q3 earnings per share $0.56
* Paychex Inc qtrly human resource services revenue increased 12% to $336.0 million
* Sees 2017 total service revenue is expected to increase in range of 7% to 8%
* Paychex - 2017 net income (gaap basis) anticipated to increase approximately 7% and adjusted net income (non-gaap) anticipated to increase approximately 8%
* Q3 earnings per share view $0.54 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* 2017 hrs revenue is anticipated to increase in range of 12% to 14% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Apple files for notes offering of up to $1.0 billion
* Says notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.000pct per year and will mature on June 20, 2027 Source text: (http://bit.ly/2rsfDae) Further company coverage:
It also endorsed adhering to existing arms control agreements, including the New START treaty that limits the United States and Russia each to 1,550 strategic nuclear warheads on a maximum of 700 deployed launchers.
The treaty, negotiated under President Barack Obama, entered into force on Feb. 5, 2011, and its weapons limits must be met by Monday. The U.S. says it has been in compliance with the limits since August and it expects the Russians to comply by Monday's deadline.
As of Sept. 1, the last date for which official figures are available, Russia was below the launcher limit but slightly above the warhead limit, at 1,561.
"Moscow has repeatedly stated its intention to meet those limits on time, and we have no reason to believe that won't be the case," State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said Thursday.
The Pentagon's nuclear review concluded that while arms control can advance American interests, "further progress is difficult to envision," in light of what the U.S. considers Russia's aggression in Ukraine and violations of existing arms deals.
The Trump nuclear doctrine breaks with Obama's in ending his push to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in U.S. defence policy.
Like Obama, Trump would consider using nuclear weapons only in "extreme circumstances," while maintaining a degree of ambiguity about what that means. But Trump sees a fuller deterrent role for these weapons, as reflected in the plan to develop new capabilities to counter Russia in Europe.
The administration's view is that Russian policies and actions are fraught with potential for miscalculation leading to an uncontrolled escalation of conflict in Europe.
It specifically points to a Russian doctrine known as "escalate to de-escalate," in which Moscow would use or threaten to use smaller-yield nuclear weapons in a limited, conventional conflict in Europe in the belief that doing so would compel the U.S. and NATO to back down.
"Recent Russian statements on this evolving nuclear weapons doctrine appear to lower the threshold for Moscow's first-use of nuclear weapons," the review said.
The administration proposes a two-step solution.
First, it would modify "a small number" of existing long-range ballistic missiles carried by Trident strategic submarines to fit them with smaller-yield nuclear warheads.
Second, "in the longer term," it would develop a nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile — re-establishing a weapon that existed during the Cold War but was retired in 2011 by the Obama administration.
Robert Soofer, a senior nuclear policy official at the Pentagon who helped direct the policy review, said Moscow is likely to push back on the U.S. plan for fielding those two additional weapons.
"I'm sure they won't respond well," Soofer said Thursday.
The press secretary at the Russian Embassy in Washington, Nikolay Lakhonin, said he would not comment until the review had been made public.
Asked whether the two new nuclear weapons are needed to deter Russia, Defence Secretary Jim Mattis said Friday, "We are deterring nations that have spoken about using nuclear weapons."
The Associated Press
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
John Terry insists he still has "plenty to offer" despite announcing he will leave Chelsea in the summer.
The 36-year-old will end a 22-year association with the Blues when his contract expires, having won 14 major honours at Stamford Bridge since making his first-team debut in 1998.
Terry has been a bit-part player this season, featuring in just five Premier League games for Antonio Conte's league leaders.
The Chelsea captain was linked with a January move to Bournemouth due to his lack of game-time but he remained in west London.
Terry has not featured since a 2-0 FA Cup win over Wolves in February, with his last league appearance coming in November.
Other than a loan spell at Nottingham Forest, Terry has never turned out for another side and has racked up more than 700 appearances at Chelsea.
Terry is adored by the Chelsea faithful
But now the former England skipper is ready to move on, even if he admits he is unsure what his future holds at this point.
"I will decide on my future in due course, but for now I am committed to helping the team achieve success this season," he said.
'After 22 years there is so much to say and so many people to thank at this great football club. From coaches, team-mates and staff to the fans who have given me so much support down the years, I can't thank you enough.
"There will be opportunities for me to speak further about this over the coming weeks.
John Terry will leave Chelsea at the end of the season, the club have announced.
"I feel I still have plenty to offer on the pitch but understand that opportunities here at Chelsea will be limited for me.
"I'm eager to carry on playing and so will be looking to continue with a new challenge.
"I will of course always be a Blue and am desperate to end my final season as a Chelsea player with more silverware."
Terry has lifted four Premier League titles during his time in west London as well as five FA Cups and a hat-trick of League Cups.
He also won the Europa League under Rafael Benitez and lifted the Champions League trophy in 2012 despite being suspended for the final against Bayern Munich.
In announcing his decision to leave, Terry suggested he will one day return to Stamford Bridge.
"The club and I have always had a fantastic relationship, which will continue beyond my playing days," he added.
"We had some really positive talks but with everything taken into careful consideration I have decided it's the right time for me to leave.
"I've always been conscious that I depart at the right time, in the right way, and I feel that the end of this season is the right time for the club and I."
Terry was named PFA Player of the Year in 2005 and collected 78 England caps before retiring from the international scene.
His future at Chelsea was always in doubt after Conte reverted to a back three, with David Luiz, Gary Cahill and Cesar Azpilicueta the Italian's preferred trio.
Since reverting to the system, Chelsea have marched towards the title - only to be halted in recent weeks.
They were surprisingly beaten at home by Crystal Palace at the start of April before losing 2-0 at Manchester United on Sunday.
That defeat means Tottenham are now just four points behind their London rivals in second place and Cahill was left angry following the setback at Old Trafford.
''We didn't click,'' he told chelseafc.com ''It's disappointing.
"We tried to work hard in the second half, tried to push and create, but we were below the standards we've set.
''We weren't at the races and it makes us a bit angry. Let's hope it's an off day and it doesn't cost us too much.
''We expected them to start fast and we had to try and control that, and we never did.''
By Chimaobi Nwaiwu
Dr. Tony Nwoye, has exonerated himself of the allegation of diverting constituency funds raised against the four members of the National Assembly in the governorship contest in the APC and the PDP.
Speaking against the background of the petition written by the Anambra Conscience Movement, the Nwoye campaign affirmed that he could not have been one of those involved saying that he had only been in the National Assembly for less than two years. He added that in that period he had more than shown evidence of what he has done for his constituency and even outside.
The Anambra Conscience Movement had petitioned the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC that one or more of the members of the National Assembly involved in the governorship contest could be about to use constituency projects and other aids meant for his constituency to bribe delegates.
The petition had asked the EFCC to investigate the quartet of Senator Stella Oduah, Senator Andy Uba, Rep. Tony Nwoye and Rep. Lynda Ikpeazu on the basis that provisions meant for their constituents such as motorcycles, tricycles and other supports were about to be diverted to bribe delegates during the forthcoming governorship primaries of the two parties.
“They must have been referring to some others and definitely not Tony Nwoye. Our people know Nwoye has been in the National Assembly for less than two years and during those two years, they have seen his hand more than some others in the Senate and in the House of Representatives,” a campaign spokesman said.
“Without paying further attention to other mumblings contained in their paid write up, may we for the avoidance of doubts and to put the record straight assert that Dr Nwoye was not sworn in with other fellow members the same time in June when the fund was alleged to have been collected as stated by the group.”
Dr. Nwoye's Media and ICT Unit also in their reaction said: “Our boss has not diverted any constituency project fund, he has only witnessed one year budget which is 2016 budget, and the fund for 2016 projects were judiciously used, such projects like street lights renovation of schools at various communities in his federal constituency were part of the said constituency funds.
“He does not intend to buy, neither has he placed any order for any type of car and could not share what he did not order, he believes in the principle of free will, and do not believe that to become a Governor is a do-or-die battle.”
HAKUBA, Japan — Akito Watabe of Japan won his fourth straight Nordic combined World Cup event on Saturday to enhance his position as a gold medal contender at the Pyeongchang Olympics.
Watabe jumped 130.5 metres and finished the 10-kilometre race in 24 minutes, 14.6 seconds, 1:12.6 ahead of Norway's Jan Schmid. Germany's Manuel Faisst finished third.
The 29-year-old Sochi silver medallist , who will represent Japan in his fourth straight Winter Olympics at the Pyeongchang Games, extended his season wins to five, the most he has won in a single season on the World Cup circuit.
Watabe became only the second athlete to sweep the three-day Seefeld Triple event in Austria last month. He has surged to the top of the World Cup standings with the results from Japan and Austria, adding to a win earlier this season in Finland.
São Paulo, April 3 Brazilian petroleum regulator ANP said on Monday the country's oil output rose 14.6 percent in February from a year ago, but fell 0.4 percent from the prior month, according to a statement.
Brazil's oil production reached 2.676 million barrels per day, ANP said. Natural gas production was 106.6 million cubic meters per day in February, up 9.2 percent from the same month a year ago but down 3 percent from January. (Reporting by Ana Mano)
(Adds background)
LAGOS, March 30 MTN has made a payment of 30 billion naira ($98 million) to the Nigerian government in part settlement of a 330 billion naira fine imposed on the telecoms group for not disconnecting unregistered SIM cards, an MTN source told Reuters on Thursday.
Africa's largest telecoms company has already paid 80 billion naira of the total amount owed, the source said. The fine is due for payment in six instalments over three years, MTN has said.
MTN Nigeria was originally fined $5.2 billion last October for failing to deactivate more than five million unregistered SIM cards, but the fine was reduced in a settlement that paved the way for MTN to list its subsidiary on the Nigerian Stock Exchange.
Nigeria has been cracking down on unregistered SIM cards, concerned that they are used for criminal activity in a country fighting an insurgency by Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
MTN, which operates in 20 countries, had set aside $600 million last year to pay the fine. ($1 = 305.45 naira) (Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by David Goodman)
* Q4 net profit 375 million vs 54 million
* Production at Tamar natural gas field reaches peak (Adds CEO comments, share reaction)
By Steven Scheer
JERUSALEM, March 30 Israel's Delek Group said on Thursday its quarterly profit was boosted by the sale of two natural gas sites and higher income from its exploration and production operations as it seeks further international expansion.
Delek agreed to buy Ithaca Energy last month in a deal valuing the North Sea oil producer's equity at $646 million and building on Delek's expansion in the North Sea ahead of a planned London listing this year.
This followed its purchase last year of a 13.18 percent stake in Faroe Petroleum, another North Sea operator, for 43 million pounds.
"2017 will be marked by furthering the group's international presence, by executing on our strategy to focus on the energy sector, with a goal of becoming a key player in global energy markets," Delek CEO Asaf Bartfeld said in a statement.
Delek shares were up 1.1 percent at midday in Tel Aviv after it said it earned 375 million shekels ($104 million) in the fourth quarter, up from 54 million shekels a year earlier.
Delek, through its subsidiaries, has major shares in the Tamar and Leviathan gas fields off Israel's coast. Profit from exploration and production was 119 million shekels in the quarter, compared with 58 million in the same period in 2015.
It said it had produced a record 9.4 billion cubic metres of natural gas at Tamar in the quarter, reaching peak production after four years.
Delek said the $148 million sale of its stakes in the Karish and Tanin gas fields, which was required by the Israeli government in a bid to open up competition, led to a gain of 253 million shekels.
It expects production at Leviathan to begin by the end of 2019. The project's partners have already received bank financing and have budgeted $3.75 billion for its development.
Delek declared a dividend of 200 million shekels, or 16.69 shekels a share, for the quarter.
($1 = 3.6176 shekels) (Editing by Alexander Smith)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
For the cost of a good hotel room (on a per-person, per-night basis), you get a mostly all-inclusive break from our whirling hyper-culture. It unspools you to the sea. You are still attached to the world, yes, but barely so. It's a kind of magical-thinking aquamarine summer suburbia, a dreamy distillation of middle-class Americana, minus the drudgery of lawn mowing and dish washing. It is the pleasure of the familiar with just enough variety to feel, in the vaguest possible sense, adventurous.
The arms-length ironic detachment with which so many of us (OK, me) lead our day-to-day land lives simply doesn't work when surrounded by a thousand fleshy strangers in swimsuits. Accommodation to imperfections, those of others and ourselves, must be made. Out there in the balmy breezes, where the average age is far north of Madison Avenue's desirable demographics, coolness falls away, as unnecessary and cumbersome as a poolside leather jacket.
Nothing is cool on the Summit. How could it be? Cool feels phony while self-assembling tacos under the "Mexican Corner" sign at the Oceanview Cafe. Cool requires a certain snootiness, which may be appropriate when weighing whether to watch "The Big Bang Theory" or "Atlanta," but doesn't do much good when deciding between playing bingo or Baggo (a beanbag-tossing game). Both are equally uncool. In fact, every activity in the ship's daily circular reads like the itinerary of a well-meaning but dorky youth minister: "11:00 a.m. Scrapbooking Session With the Cruise Director Staff"? The 2:15 "Port vs. Starboard Pool Volleyball" match? "Foyer Jams With Chris Hawks" running until 8:45? All decidedly uncool-sounding. But I went to two of these events, foyer jams and volleyball (as a spectator, not a participant), and they were fun. Not supposedly so. Just fun.
In his essay, Wallace complained about (among other things), feeling infantilized aboard the Nadir, about being "pampered," which he compared to "a certain other consumer product" (actual Pampers, that is). He's right in his description, but wrong in his conclusion. Yes, the cruise is set up as a deeply maternal experience, a place of nurturing, even coddling. It dispenses care with the gentleness of a mom tending to a kid with a sore throat. Ice cream, for example, is available, in multiple locations. But where Wallace felt infantilized, I feel gratitude. A lot of us need care. Not just the many wobbly older passengers, but the younger ones, too. The harried parents, the cop from North Carolina, the New Jersey couple explaining to some first-timers why they cruise: "You're forced to do nothin'."
My cruise was filled with couples of every age, race and gender configuration, some with kids, most without. A lot of couples seemed to be cruising with friends. A bunch of triple-generation families were traveling together, and there was one large Filipino family reunion of about 15 or 16: I know because they wore matching (decidedly uncool) teal T-shirts. Also on board was a group of veterans of Vietnam and other foreign wars, and it was touching to watch these older guys sitting beside comrades in arms, baseball caps naming their service branches and their wars.
Until I met another solo traveler while waiting to clear customs after the cruise, I thought I was the only person on the whole ship traveling alone. Turns out the other solo passenger is an accomplished Washington-based legislative aide and occasional guided history tour operator who gives "talks to drunk guys about John Adams." I asked if she was able to avoid work while onboard. No, she said, with a sigh. Calls still needed returning, emails needed responses. But she preferred to do it from a deck chair, alone.
Wallace was alone, too, which probably enhanced his despair. Cruising is an activity of togetherness. One goes to be with people. You can certainly spend plenty of time alone on a cruise liner, as I did, napping (daily) in my stateroom, or sitting by myself staring out the Rendezvous' windows toward the horizon in what I hoped was a sexy, forlorn way. But aloneness on a cruise ship is something one has to make efforts to achieve; it is not the natural state.
All week long, people leaned in to each other, touched each other and talked. Most of the conversations I overheard (that is, blatantly eavesdropped on) involved the food: a conversation about the exact viscosity of an egg yolk; an older woman with swollen legs and Velcro-strapped black sneakers emitting actual, full-throated moans of joy to her husband upon sampling her dinner, sound gurgling out of her like bubbles in a mud spring. "Uuaaggghhh! My God, it's delicious," she said. "This pork loin is delicious. Uuaaggghhh."
But sometimes the talk turned a bit more introspective. As I ate my morning cereal midway through the cruise, I listened to two women in their 60s seated together, huddled over their breakfast plates, reminiscing about past marriages:
"You didn't want kids?"
"I did. He didn't."
"But that was unfair to you."
She shrugged. "I wouldn't have gotten involved, but I was 35 ..."
Oatmeal with a side of O. Henry. There were a lot of conversations like that, the kinds of intimate talks that only happen when people are relaxed enough to let the words fall where they may. Whether the subject was pork loin or marriage, the topic at hand seemed less important than the state of togetherness.
Close quarters among guests and crew demand constant interaction, which results in one of the best qualities of a leisure cruise: civility. For a week, I never heard a single argument. I never even heard a raised voice. People treated each other well, and I can't count the number of times I heard guests asking crew members questions about their lives: their time at sea, their families, their adventures ashore. Everybody seemed to care.
The crew, for their part, was polite and attentive without ever crossing into obsequiousness. One server, a Jamaican guy named Donovan, roamed the Oceanview Cafe every morning during breakfast hours singing made-up songs about coffee. Sample lyrics: "Coffee is bubbling/ I'm coming/ I'm coming with your coffee-o/ So please hold up your cup-o." Uncool? Yes. Off-key and maybe inching a little too close to cultural stereotype? You bet. But also wonderful.
Those who object to cruises often do so for reasons that extend beyond their lack of street cred. The cruise industry gets knocked around for the long hours and often hectic conditions of the people in its employ. I can't speak to that other than to say I spent some time patrolling message boards for Celebrity employees. Reviews seem about as mixed as you would find at any high-stress place of employment. Honestly, I was expecting worse.
As for the cruise industry's woeful environmental record, I ignored that for the duration of my cruise because I am a monster, but for the record, Celebrity received an overall grade of D+ from the Friends of the Earth, an environmental advocacy organization, in 2016. Not good. The green-nosers at Disney got the highest grade, an A-.
All this onboard civility is probably not an accident. Perhaps it is even a low-key necessity. No matter how much you dress up a boat, it is still, in the end, a boat, and as we all know, boats are vulnerable vessels. At our mandatory pre-cruise evacuation drill, a chipper fire marshal reminds us that even a megaship is only one misplaced cigarette butt from disaster. As such, each of the five cruises I've been on over the years shared a pervasive spirit of cooperation. People are perhaps a little kinder to one another when they know their vacation could end in a cramped lifeboat fighting over pelican scraps.
That's not to say there aren't moments of conflict. On my cruise, I heard an unconfirmed tale of a woman caught in another guest's room in what I understood to be a case of unappreciated seduction. The woman was promptly remanded to the ship's onboard brig. Much speculation was given to how she managed to sneak into a room without a key card, known on Celebrity as a SeaPass. The theory was that she somehow entered from the outside balcony slider, which would have necessitated some kind of Spider-Woman-level scaling of the ship's exterior. Which, I'm sorry, is kind of awesome.
If I had one objection to life aboard the Summitit's the endless upselling. The weeklong cruise cost $1,915.50 (plus airfare to San Juan, Puerto Rico); at every turn, somebody was offering the opportunity to spend more. During each meal, for example, servers would swing by to ask if I wanted to purchase the "beverage package." When I declined, they would tip over my table's large, prominent drink menu, as if they were knocking over my king after a game of chess.
Also available for purchase: spa treatments, acupuncture, Raymond Weil watches with faces "celebrating the iconic Beatles," lots and lots of tanzanite jewelry, on-demand movies, dockside photos, studio photographic portraits, all manner of sundries, terrible "art gallery" art, specialty dining options and, oddly, Apple computers.
The worst deal on the ship, though, is the Wi-Fi package, which runs $259 for the week. What kind of sucker spends that kind of money to browse Twitter? Me, apparently. In my defense, in addition to tweeting, I also wanted to be able to FaceTime with my wife and kids, and, once purchased, the internet was surprisingly reliable and fast. The upside of this absurd cost is that most people refrained, keeping noses away from iPhones and, instead, buried in books. I will be a snob about this one thing: I like seeing people read.
Did I mention ports of call? I did not. The destinations along the way are not the point. At least, not for me. But if you must know, we stopped in St. Thomas, St. Maarten and Bermuda. I barely got off the boat. I don't like the beach and had no desire to Jet Ski or wander tourist stalls, but I did spend a mesmeric half-hour on my balcony in St. Maarten watching cranes stack and unstack shipping containers on the pier. Guilt compelled me to do some shopping in Bermuda for the aforementioned wife and kids, who were unable to cruise with me due to school or whatever it is they do when I am relaxing at sea.
Our vacation lives are often a frenetic extension of our work lives. So many of us have come to view our scant downtime as a call to action, an opportunity for challenge and growth instead of a moment of rest. A recent article in Travel + Leisure offered the 50 best options for people looking for "heart-stopping adventure, a close-up look at history, or the perfect meal." All three of those options stress me out. Between my son's SAT prep and my daughter's hectic field hockey schedule, I have enough adventure.
And I don't want the "perfect" meal. I want a cheeseburger. Simple, banal, uncool. Cheeseburgers are delicious. I think a lot of people just want a cheeseburger.
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Fresh uncertainty towards French elections adds to risk aversion
* Yen hits five-month highs vs dollar, euro, sterling and Aussie (Updates prices, adds details and quotes)
By Shinichi Saoshiro
TOKYO, April 12 The yen hit five-month highs against the dollar, euro and sterling on Wednesday, as simmering geopolitical tensions checked risk appetite and put the safe-haven Japanese currency in favour.
Investors' flight-to-safety underpinned traditional safe-havens like the yen, Treasuries and gold, amid fresh concerns about the French presidential election and possible U.S. military action against Syria and North Korea.
"Direct demand for the yen driven by flight-to-safety, rather than bids generated by lower Treasury yields, characterises the latest move," said Masashi Murata, senior currency strategist at Brown Brothers Harriman in Tokyo.
"As recent data suggest, the United States is not in bad shape fundamentally and this should be dollar-supportive. But right now the tide favours the yen and participants do not want to miss the next wave of yen buying."
The dollar was at 109.465 yen after going as low as 109.350, its weakest since Nov. 17.
The U.S. currency had slid more than 1 percent the previous day from highs of 110.920, with the 110.00 threshold finally being breached after several close calls over the past few weeks.
"There were a lot of bids and option barriers lined up around 110 yen, so a breach of this level shows how widespread the latest dollar selling was," said Junichi Ishikawa, senior forex strategist at IG Securities in Tokyo.
"The yen's gains against the euro also bears watching, with uncertainty towards the French presidential elections clearly the driving factor."
The euro, which sank more than 1 percent overnight, extended losses and touched a five-month low of 116.020 yen . The common currency was on track to post its 13th straight session of losses versus the yen.
On Tuesday, North Korean state media warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, while U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that Pyongyang was "looking for trouble" and the United States would "solve the problem" with or without China's help.
And in a new twist to the French elections, a far-left veteran who had been written off as a long shot has now surged into the top four, pushing some pollsters to calculate the most extreme runoff scenarios.
While the euro sagged against the yen, it fared better versus the struggling dollar. The common currency was up 0.1 percent at $1.0610, adding to modest overnight gains.
It was a similar story for the pound, which retreated to a near five-month low of 136.60 yen but edged up against the dollar. Sterling was steady at $1.2489 after gaining about 0.6 percent overnight.
The dollar index against a basket of major currencies was steady at 100.710, after losing 0.3 percent the previous day.
The Australian dollar, sensitive to shifts in broader risk appetite, was steady at $0.7493 after dropping to a near three-month trough of $0.7475 the previous day.
The Aussie added to the previous day's large losses and fell to a near five-month low of 81.85 yen.
The New Zealand dollar slipped 0.3 percent to $0.6940 (Editing by Randy Fabi)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Yen strength weakens Sihanoukville Autonomous Port profits
Newly listed Sihanoukville Autonomous Port (PAS) reported a 30 percent decline in profits for 2016, despite increased revenue generation, due to what it claimed were losses in transaction values resulting from the appreciation of the Japanese yen currency.
According to a filing on the Cambodia Securities Exchange (CSX) yesterday, PAS recorded total revenues of $51.3 million last year, compared to $48.8 million in 2015. However, the state-owned operator of Cambodia's only deepsea port recorded a net profit of only $6.7 million in 2016, down from $9.6 million a year earlier.
Sam Sopheap, deputy director of accounting department of PAS, said the company's operating revenue was still strong in 2016, but that profits had declined because of unfavourable currency exchange rates between the US dollar and the Japanese yen. He added that these forex losses were the result of the company having to make loan repayments to the Japanese government.
“In 2015, the value of Japanese yen decreased so we gained [profits] from exchange transactions,” he said. “But in 2016, the yen's value moved up strongly and we lost about 9 billion riels [$2.2 million] just through currency exchange rates.”
According to Sopheap, the exchange rate between the US dollar and Japanese yen was valued at about 120 yen per $1 in 2015, while in 2016 the yen had risen to 102 per $1.
Last week, the PAS became the fifth listed firm on the CSX after successfully raising $27 million in the initial public offering process. The port floated a 25 percent stake on the exchange with shares priced at 5,360 riels ($1.34), a 6.3 percent increase on the stock's 5,040 riels ($1.26) offering price – a sign analysts said indicated strong investor demand.
By the end of market trading yesterday, the stock's price sat at 5,080 riels ($1.27) per share with no trading activity.
Lamun Soleil, director of the CSX's market operation department, said that the slip in profits would do little to harm investor confidence because forex fluctuations are widely known to be one of the port's inherent risk factors.
He added that a better indicator for the health of the company would come from examining net operating profits, which “slightly increased” from $13.4 million last year compared to $12.9 million in 2015.
“From a medium to long-term point of view, I think serious investors should not be disturbed by this news,” he said.
“[I] just believe that [the port] will keep growing.” Svay Hay, CEO of Acleda Securities, said the decline in profits could impact the decisions of PAS's day traders, but it would not dampen the hope of institutional investors who purchased its stock for long-term dividend gains.
“Some short-term investors might think of selling their stock because they are sensitive to negative news related to a company,” he said. “But for long-term investors, this news does not impact their investment.”
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
April 3 Cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Lab on Monday said it had obtained digital evidence that bolsters suspicions by some researchers that North Korea was involved in last year's $81 million cyber heist of the Bangladesh central bank's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Russian-based Kaspersky released a 58-page report on Lazarus, a group linked to the heist in Bangladesh and the 2014 attack on Sony's Hollywood studio, which the U.S. government blamed on North Korea.
Among its findings, the report said Lazarus hackers made a direct connection from an IP address in North Korea to a server in Europe that was used to control systems infected by the group.
Kaspersky researcher Vitaly Kamluk told Reuters by telephone that the finding marked "the first time we have seen a direct connection" between North Korea and Lazarus, a hacking group whose activities dating back to 2009 have been documented by the world's biggest cybersecurity firms.
Kamluk said he could not conclusively say that Pyongyang was behind the attacks because it was possible the hackers went to great effort to make it look like they were from North Korea, or that North Koreans were working with others.
Still, he said that North Korean involvement was the most likely explanation.
Separately last month, U.S. officials also cast suspicion on Pyongyang. An official briefed on the probe told Reuters in Washington that the FBI believed North Korea was responsible.
And Rick Ledgett, the deputy director of the National Security Agency, told reporters at an Aspen Institute event on March 15 that private sector research tying North Korea to the Bangladesh bank heist was strong.
"If that's true, then that says to me that the North Koreans are robbing banks," Ledgett said. "That's a big deal."
The Bangladesh Bank heist was one in a string of financially motivated cyberattacks by a division of Lazarus dubbed Bluenoroff, the Kaspersky report said. Targets included banks, financial and trading companies, casinos and digital currency businesses in at least 18 nations, the report said.
Adrian Nish, head of threat intelligence with cybersecurity firm BAE Systems, said Kaspersky's findings were significant, even though they did not conclusively link Pyongyang to Lazarus.
"It is significant further evidence," said Nish, who led a team at BAE that in May 2016 was the first to link the Bangladesh heist and the Sony hack. (Reporting by Jim Finkle in Toronto; editing by Grant McCool)
(Adds context)
WASHINGTON, April 6 U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke by phone with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Wednesday about a poison gas attack in Syria that the United States has blamed on the Russia-backed Syrian government, a senior State Department official said on Thursday.
The discussion came days before Tillerson goes to Moscow for talks with Russian officials expected to focus on the Syrian civil war and Russia's backing of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
"We sought the Russian analysis or readout of what they thought had happened" in the poison gas attack, the official said on condition of anonymity.
The attack killed at least 70 people, many of them children, but Moscow has blamed the deaths on gas leaking from a rebel chemical weapons depot after it was hit by Syrian government air strikes.
But Tillerson said at a brief news conference in Florida that there is no doubt Syria's government is responsible for the attack.
Tillerson will meet with Lavrov in Moscow next week, and could meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin if he is invited to do so, the official said. (Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati; Editing by Alistair Bell)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
April 28 H.I.S. Co Ltd
* Says it will establish a wholly owned subsidiary based in Okinawa-ken
* New subsidiary will be engaged in travel business
* New subsidiary will be capitalized at 60 million yen
* New subsidiary will start operation on Oct. 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/1URrdp
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
HOUSTON — Texans coach Bill O'Brien says he wouldn't have let Tom Savage re-enter Sunday's game after an alarming hit that gave him a concussion and left the quarterback's hands shaking if he had seen the video of the hit.
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston's 26-16 loss to San Francisco when he was driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil.
Replays showed Savage looking dazed after his head hit the ground with both of his arms shaking and lifted upward.
He was taken to the medical tent where he stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series.
Savage threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached him after he returned to the sideline at the end of that possession.
He was then evaluated again and taken to the locker room after it was determined that he did have a concussion.
On Monday O'Brien said: "There's no video on the sideline. All there are are tablets. There's no video, there's nothing like that. With benefit of seeing the video ... (and) the care for the player, I would've never let that player back in the game, and I don't believe that (trainer) Geoff Kaplan would've allowed that player back in the game. I don't have benefit of the video. I did not see anything."
Also on Monday an NFL spokesman said the league is looking into whether concussion protocol was properly followed after Savage was injured.
League spokesman Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players' association "together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed, but we're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it."
___
March 28 Eurotel SA:
* Said on Monday that its FY revenue was 338.3 million zlotys ($86.61 million) versus 281.7 million zlotys a year ago
* FY net profit was 9.3 million zlotys versus 8.0 million zlotys a year ago
* Eurotel has always shared with its shareholders with a profit and nowadays there are all the prerequisites for continuing this tradition, says CEO of the company
Source text - bit.ly/2mL11jB
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9060 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Everyone has a cringe-worthy school portrait they'd rather keep hidden. Well here's your chance to show them off for national competition.
People in Nottinghamshire are being challenged to to face their ears and share their school portraits for a chance to win £75 worth of clothing vouchers.
It doesn't matter when they were taken - old or new, the supplier of school uniforms Banana Moon Clothing is holing a competition to pitch the awful hairstyles against the punched-up faces in search of the UK's best shots.
Alex Grace, Managing Director of the personalised clothing brand, said: “As a supplier of school uniforms, we've seen how uniforms have changed over the years and decided to uncover some of the funniest school photographs that have been taken over the decades.
“We all have that one picture that has haunted us throughout our school years, but now many of us have grown up we're hoping that people will see the funny side to these and join in the fun with us.”
Send in your embarrassing school photos to our Facebook page so we can share them, and enter the competition here for a chance to tin £75.
TOKYO The Bank of Japan offered its most optimistic view of the country's regional economies in nearly a decade, even as some firms warned that uncertainty over U.S. President Donald Trump's trade policies could affect their capital expenditure plans.
BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda reiterated the central bank's resolve to maintain its massive monetary stimulus, with inflation still distant from his ambitious 2 percent target.
"Japan's economy continues to recover moderately as a trend," Kuroda said at a quarterly meeting of the central bank's regional branch managers on Monday.
In a report issued after the meeting, the BOJ maintained its rosy economic assessment for eight of Japan's nine regions, compared with three months ago, and revised up the assessment for one area.
Two regions, including the Tokai area home to auto giant Toyota Motor Corp, said their economies were "expanding moderately" - the first time in nine years the BOJ used such upbeat language for more than one region.
Many Japanese manufacturers were benefiting from strong overseas demand for electronic parts and semiconductor-making equipment, the report said, a sign Japan's economic recovery continues to rely heavily on exports.
Two regions offered a rosier view on private consumption than three months ago, as a tightening job market and brighter earnings prospects prompting some companies to raise wages, the report said.
"Consumer spending picked up since the end of last year, a trend that's being sustained thanks to a rebound in stock prices and receding worries about a strong yen," Shinichi Uchida, head of the BOJ's Nagoya branch in central Japan, told reporters.
TRUMP RISK LOOMS
Some firms complained that uncertainty over the new U.S. administration's trade policies could affect business plans, though few said they already planned to curb domestic spending, said a BOJ official who briefed reporters on the survey.
"We postponed a plan to boost capacity at our plant in Mexico due to uncertainty over the new U.S. administration's policies. But we don't plan to change our investment in Japan," a maker of metal products in eastern Japan said in the report.
Japan's economy is showing signs of life as a rebound in global demand lifts its exports and factory output, though slow wage growth continues to weigh on private consumption.
Trump has threatened to change trade rules to make them more favourable for American jobs, undermining some Japanese exporters' confidence in their manufacturing plans and likely sales in the United States.
"There is growing concern among companies that (Trump's policies) could affect exports and overseas production," said Kimihiro Eto, the BOJ's Osaka branch manager who oversees the western Japan region - home to electronics giants such as Panasonic Corp .
Some analysts say Trump may attack the BOJ's ultra-loose monetary policy, characterising it as an attempt to keep the yen weak and give Japan's exports an unfair advantage.
The BOJ has argued its massive stimulus is aimed solely at beating deflation and does not directly target exchange rates.
After three years of heavy money printing failed to accelerate inflation, the BOJ revamped its policy framework in September to one better suited for a long-term battle against deflation.
(Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Chris Gallagher and Eric Meijer)
"Enhancing linkages and diversification will be the key message at DRC Mining Week" says Dr. Kojo Busia, Acting Coordinator, African Minerals Development Centre (AMDC) and keynote speaker in the opening session of the upcoming mining event.
Thousands to gather for mining conference and expo in Lubumbashi in June
Media Contact
DRC Mining Week
+27217003500
annemarie.roodbol@ spintelligent.com DRC Mining Week+27217003500
End
-- "Enhancing linkages and diversification will be the key message at" says Dr. Kojo Busia, Acting Coordinator, African Minerals Development Centre (AMDC) and keynote speaker in the opening session of the upcoming mining conference and expo in Lubumbashi from 23-24 June.Dr Busia adds: "for over half a century, the dominant paradigm for mineral sector management was rents-based. Among other factors, the downturn clearly demonstrated why we need to rethink this paradigm. So, the AMDC approach, which is rooted in the Africa Mining Vision (AMV), represents a paradigm shift. We have absolutely no doubt that building on other complementary initiatives and working together with the private sector, civil society and public sector, the AMV truly represents a win-win for all."The AMDC was set up in 2013 to coordinate the implementation of the Africa Mining Vision, as adopted by the African Union Heads of State and Government.Dr Busia says the AMDC is really proud of what they have accomplished so far in less than five years: "this is a very short time for initiatives of this kind, and the AMDC has emerged as a leading and distinctly legitimate Center of Excellence on mineral sector management, for AU Member States and Regional Economic Communities (RECs). AMDC is achieving success in demonstrating how the AMV's new paradigm for linkages-based mineral sectors management, represents a win-win for governments as well as the industry."He continues: "a cross-section of public, private and civil society sector actors are actively collaborating in the AMDC's work. Such collaboration is remarkable in itself, given the sensitivities that typically underpin the sector. It also highlights another key element of our work, in that AMDC has facilitated collaborative engagement and participation for an inclusive range of public, private and civil society stakeholders, with a concrete, actionable focus on women and youth as well."According to Dr Busia, "the AMDC's research indicates that it is not necessarily due to weak institutions and ineffective regulations that countries continue to be unable to take advantage of booms. It is rather the lack of long-term vision and effective policies, which create weak institutions and laws, unfit for transforming the mining sector in Africa."Asked which African countries are doing the right things in his opinion, Dr Busia replies that "valuable lessons can be learned from what is happening in almost every country, across different stages of the mineral development trajectory including new entrants, emerging and major mining countries and at different segments of the mining value chain. Perhaps I could cite one example that cuts across multiple geographic regions of Africa, where we have been most active so far. Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi and Sierra Leone have made commendable progress towards reforming their mineral regimes along the AMV principles, in a manner that seeks to facilitate optimal outcomes for the countries as well as for investors."The full interview with Dr Busia can be viewed here: http://www.drcminingweek.com/ AMDC-interview Thousands are expected to gather for the practical annual mining and industrial expo again as the award-winningconference and exhibition returns to Lubumbashi, in the heart of the DRC's mining hub, from 23-24 June. While retaining its main focus on mining, the event will also broaden its scope to include a focus on related and complementary sectors such as agriculture, energy and construction.As with previous editions of the event,has already secured the early and impressive support of the industry through the diamond sponsorship of Engen and the platinum sponsorships of Sodexo, Standard Bank and Tenke Fungurume Mining, while Aggreko, Atlas Copco, Axishouse, Copperbelt Energy, Earth Networks and ERG are confirmed as gold sponsors.Earlier this year,was recognised for its support of the Kinsevere Community School Project in Lubumbashi when it was named a finalist in the Social Responsibility category of the AAXO ROAR Organiser and Exhibitor Awards, which honour excellence in the exhibition and events industry on the continent.is organised by Spintelligent, a leading Cape Town-based organiser of exhibitions and conferences across the continent in the infrastructure, real estate, energy, mining, agriculture and education sectors. Other well-known events by Spintelligent include African Utility Week, Agritech Expo Zambia, Kenya Mining Forum, Future Energy East Africa (formerly EAPIC), Future Energy Nigeria (formerly WAPIC), Future Energy Central Africa (formerly iPAD Cameroon), iPAD Nigeria Mining Forum and EduWeek. Spintelligent is part of the UK-based Clarion Events Group.Pre-conference Power Focus Day: 22 June 2017Conference and expo: 23-24 June 2017Site visit: 22 June 2017Location: The Pullman Lubumbashi Grand Karavia Hotel, Lubumbashi, DRCWebsite: http://www.drcminingweek.com Twitter: https://twitter.com/drcminingweekFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/DRC-Mining-Week-156193451406496/LinkedIN: https://www.linkedin.com/groups/4922857Senior communications manager: Annemarie RoodbolMobile: +27 82 562 7844Office: +27 21 700 3558Email: annemarie.roodbol@spintelligent.com
TORONTO — Doug Ford told a group of nearly 2,000 supporters that he plans to "take back this province" at his first major event since he was made leader of the Progressive Conservative party earlier this month.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic crowd at a rally in Toronto, Ford says he believes he can build a majority government because Ontario voters are united in their dislike of Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne.
He says the current provincial government is "terrified" of a united Progressive Conservative party.
His speech focused largely on the province's finances, which Ford says have been mismanaged by Wynne's government.
Figure Skating - ISU World Championships 2017 - Pairs Victory Ceremony - Helsinki, Finland - 30/3/17 - Gold medallists Sui Wenjing and Han Cong of China (C), silver medallists Aliona Savchenko and Bruno Massot of Germany (L) and bronze medallists Evgenia Tarasova and Vladimir Morozov of Russia attend the ceremony. REUTERS/Grigory Dukor
Figure Skating - ISU World Championships 2017 - Pairs Victory Ceremony - Helsinki, Finland - 30/3/17 - Gold medallists Sui Wenjing and Han Cong of China (C), silver medallists Aliona Savchenko and Bruno Massot of Germany (L) and bronze medallists Evgenia Tarasova and Vladimir Morozov of Russia attend the ceremony. REUTERS/Grigory Dukor
Figure Skating - ISU World Championships 2017 - Pairs Victory Ceremony - Helsinki, Finland - 30/3/17 - Gold medallists Sui Wenjing and Han Cong of China (C), silver medallists Aliona Savchenko and Bruno Massot of Germany (L) and bronze medallists Evgenia Tarasova and Vladimir Morozov of Russia attend the ceremony. REUTERS/Grigory Dukor
Figure Skating - ISU World Championships 2017 - Pairs Free Skating - Helsinki, Finland - 30/3/17 - Sui Wenjing and Han Cong of China and their team members react after the performance. REUTERS/Grigory Dukor
Figure Skating - ISU World Championships 2017 - Pairs Free Skating - Helsinki, Finland - 30/3/17 - Sui Wenjing and Han Cong of China react after the performance. REUTERS/Grigory Dukor
HELSINKI The gasps of despair that greeted Sui Wenjing's fall following a mistimed landing in the side-by-side triple Salchows turned into cheers of joy as she and fellow Chinese Han Cong won the pairs title at the figure skating world championships on Thursday.
Sui and Han did not let the crash landing derail their gold medal hopes as they capped a year of pain and injury by finally ending their quest for the world title on Thursday.
The duo sat out the start of the season as Sui recovered from surgery on her right ankle and left foot.
The break seems to have rejuvenated their fortunes because, having won silver for the last two years behind Canadians Meagan Duhamel and Eric Radford, they finally got their hands on the gold medal with a personal best total of 232.06 points.
Germany's Aliona Savchenko and Bruno Massot went up a level on the podium from 12 months ago to claim silver with 230.30.
Evgeniya Tarasova, who needed 10 stitches before Wednesday's short programme after her partner's skate sliced her leg during morning practice, and Vladimir Morozov ended Russia's two-year barren run in the event by taking bronze.
Tarasova was not the only one competing with a patched-up body in Helsinki.
When not on the ice, Radford has been doing overtime with his physio in an attempt to ease a hip-muscle injury that has left him hobbling around the Hartwell Arena.
The treatment failed to have the desired effect as he and Duhamel finished seventh.
COMPLETE SUCCESS
While Radford was looking forward to giving his body a break, Sui credited her time out this season for the Chinese duo's recent run of good form.
Since their comeback last month the pair have enjoyed 100 percent success, having also won the Four Continents title.
"After the surgery something changed in me as I started to enjoy performing more and more," said Sui, who went on the ice knowing she had to overhaul a target of 149.07.
Her new-found joie de vivre helped Sui to immediately forget about her crash landing, which happened less than a minute into their free skate, and she floated through the rest of the free skate which included a quad twist lift.
When the final strains of Paul Simon's 'Bridge Over Troubled Water' died out, Han closed his eyes and held his partner in a tight embrace.
"I was very excited at the end as I thought we had won. I did not care about the score," said Han.
Savchenko, who won five world titles with former partner Robin Szolkowy, thought she had a fighting chance of grabbing the top prize with Massot after completing a solid, if not flawless, free skate.
Although her dreams were dashed, Massot was celebrating his best ever finish at the worlds.
"It's a long life of pain in our body to reach this level so it is amazing to get a reward like today," he said.
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Ken Ferris)
(Repeats without any changes to text)
NEW YORK, April 5 BlackRock Inc, the world's largest asset manager, on Wednesday said it would nominate Cisco Systems Inc chief executive Charles Robbins to serve on its board of directors.
"Throughout his career, Chuck has helped global corporations navigate a world being reshaped by technological advancement," said BlackRock chairman and CEO Larry Fink. "At BlackRock, technology is rapidly transforming how we invest, measure risk, distribute our products, and run our operations."
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Chris Reese)
SEOUL The front-runner in South Korea's presidential election sees North Korea's latest attempted missile launch on Saturday as "an exercise in futility", his spokesman said.
"We urge again the Kim Jong-un regime to immediately stop reckless provocative acts and choose the path to cooperate with the international community including giving up its nuclear programme," Park Kwang-on, a spokesman for Moon Jae-in, said in a statement, referring to the North Korean leader.
"That is a way to save itself, not a way to self-destruct," Park said.
North Korea test-fired a missile earlier on Saturday, which disintegrated after several minutes into the flight, U.S. and South Korean officials said.
South Korea's presidential election is on May 9.
(Reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by Robert Birsel)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
Anna Denby has spent months preparing for this week's codeine ban.
Codeine medication will no longer be sold over the counter from pharmacies or shops and patients need to go to a GP for a prescription.
The move, recommended by the Therapeutic Goods Administration, is an attempt to curb the small percentage of Australia's one million codeine users who abuse the drug, reports news.com.au.
Codeine is highly addictive and can cause hospitalisation, organ damage and even death if misused. At least 100 deaths a year in Australia are directly related to codeine.
Advertisement
But Anna, 33, has endometriosis, a condition where tissue that normally lines the uterus grows outside the uterus, causing pain and often infertility. She has two to three pain attacks a month.
"I have found that Nurofen Plus [a codeine drug] allows me to nip my endo pain in the bud so I can stay at work and keep my job, see my friends and not be in pain and not have to take heavier medication," Anna, from Sydney's Bondi, told news.com.au.
"If I'm at work and I start to get that familiar niggles in my pelvis, I'll take two tablets and then if it gets worse another two. I can go weeks without pain but then suddenly I'll have a pain attack — it will overwhelm me and I'll need to take something," Anna said.
Since the codeine ban was first announced late last year, Anna has been "stocking up" and "rationing" her codeine tablets because she's been unable to find a GP in her local area who will write her a prescription.
She has joined the three-month waiting list at a pain management clinic and has an appointment scheduled for later this month.
"When I went to my GP, they had signs in the waiting area saying, 'We can't prescribe opioids,'" Anna said.
"I went to three different GPs in a week and they all said, 'What we should be doing is referring you to a pain management clinic and getting you on a pain management plan.'"
She says the ban does not take into consideration the needs of chronic pain sufferers, particularly women.
"A blanket ban isn't the best course of action. I would like to know how many women with endometriosis were involved in these [political] discussions," she said.
Teena suffers from endometriosis and uses Nurofen Plus to manage her pain. Photo / Facebook
Teena Hantke, 41, has lived with endometriosis for 20 years, as well as fibromyalgia syndrome, a chronic pain condition.
She takes a range of pain medication but also takes codeine regularly, as she has undergone 44 surgeries over the past two decades.
"When you have complex health issues and so many doctor's appointments — GPs, specialists, physios, chiropractors — having to try and squeeze in additional doctor's appointments to get a prescription for codeine for a migraine or post-surgery pain is unrealistic," Teena, from Adelaide, told news.com.au.
"It's also the cost of having to go to the GP to get a script, when my out-of-pocket expenses for my medical stuff can be between $5000 and $15,000. It just adds on a whole other layer of anxiety, stress and financial impact," she said.
Pain can strike at any time, but getting an appointment to get a codeine script can be difficult to achieve at a moment's notice.
"When you have endometriosis, you can't just go to any GP because there is this culture of 'it's all in your head'. It takes women with endo on average seven to 10 years to be diagnosed.
"It's taken me years to find a good GP, but she's so good that it takes three weeks to get an appointment with her. Even if I see another doctor in the same clinic, they still don't understand. The difference between doctors can be enormous.
"You're being made to feel like you're a drug addict when you're suffering and just trying to get through the day."
According to new research from Amcal Pharmacy, 80 per cent of Australians suffer from pain. Two-thirds of those surveyed encounter sceptisim from family, friends and colleagues and 28 per cent struggle to convince medical professionals their pain is real. Of those surveyed, 26 per cent said they prefer to treat their pain with codeine-based painkillers.
Pharmacy Guild of Australia president Trent Twomey said codeine-based products had been selling out in his pharmacies since December.
Mr Twomey described the upscheduling of codeine as a "blunt instrument".
"What the evidence shows is that two per cent of users is abusers and these people need to be helped," he told The Cairns Post.
"They need to be referred on to proper treatment and pharmacies, general practitioners and the local hospital — they play a role in helping these people.
"The problem is, the 98 per cent of other people that are using (codeine) legitimately and appropriately now have to go through another regulatory hurdle to be able to access that product."
Federal Health Minister Greg Hunt insists up to 100 lives a year can be saved when codeine is taken off store shelves.
Mr Hunt says codeine is addictive and dangerous and Australia's over-the-counter ban will match others in the US and UK. A prescription is required for codeine products in some European countries including Austria, Belgium, Germany and Italy, as well as Japan and the United Arab Emirates.
"We know that there are over half a million Australians with some form of codeine addiction," he told ABC radio on Tuesday.
"It would be almost unthinkable for any responsible government to ignore the unanimous advice of medical authorities."
The minister pointed to a greater availability of paracetamol and ibuprofen combination medications and talked up the nation's high bulk billing rates when quizzed about the frustration and cost of having to see a doctor for a script.
NEW YORK — The paint experts at Sherwin-Williams have chosen a deep sea-blue hue called Oceanside as their 2018 colour of the year.
The company described the pick Tuesday as evoking a wanderlust in an "opulent and mysterious" shade that serves as counterpart to a range of hues, from neon pink to desert taupe.
Sue Wadden, the company's director of colour marketing, says people today have a growing sense of adventure "and it is making its way into even the coziest corners of our homes."
She said there's a craving for "things that remind us of bright folklore, like mermaids and expeditions across continents."
NEW YORK — Serena Williams has launched a fashion collection soon after participating in her first major tennis tournament in 16 months, dressed in a black "warrior princess" catsuit, no less.
But don't look for her French Open outfit among the athleisure, office and evening clothes on her new namesake website , the only place her duds are available.
Following collaborations with HSN and Nike, Williams' "Serena" line includes an "S'' motif and comfortable price points.
The letter adorns bralettes and high briefs, along with a T-shirt with the name of her childhood home, Compton.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Repeats earlier story for wider readership with no change to text. The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Clyde Russell
SINGAPORE, April 28 Now that the euphoria of iron ore's all too brief rally has evaporated, the question the market is grappling with is what is a fair price level for the steel-making ingredient.
Spot iron ore prices in China .IO62-CNO=MB ended Thursday at $66.42 a tonne, down 30 percent from the 17-month peak of $94.86 reached on Feb. 21.
The problem for industry participants is how to wrestle with the factors that have driven, or are likely to drive, prices for the rest of the year.
The traditional method of looking at the supply-demand balance and assessing the cost of marginal supply does provide a starting point.
But if there is one thing that the market has learnt in the past year, it's that the main driver of the market is policy decisions in China, and how participants react to them.
The nearly 150 percent rally between the low of $38.52 a tonne on Dec. 10, 2015, and the peak in February caught most observers by surprise as it was largely driven by Beijing's decision to add stimulus to infrastructure spending and construction, the major demand centres for steel in the world's largest producer and consumer of the metal.
This year the expectation is that Beijing will wind some of the stimulus back, thereby trimming demand growth for steel and iron ore.
If this is the case for the remainder of 2017, this is a bearish signal for steel and iron ore prices.
A poll of the hundreds of industry participants at the Singapore Exchange's (SGX) Iron Ore Forum in Singapore on Thursday showed an increasing pessimism about the price for iron ore.
While about a third of respondents thought the spot price would average between $60 and $70 a tonne over 2017, about half thought the price would be below $60 over the course of the year.
This brings the market back to the question as to what is the price of the marginal tonne of iron ore supplied to China, and how far below that does the price have to fall to knock enough supply out to balance the market.
The majority of estimates seem to be grouped around the $60 a tonne level, this being the point at which 90 percent of seaborne iron ore suppliers are still profitable.
Certainly the higher prices of recent months led to a flurry of tonnes being shipped to China from what can broadly be described as alternative suppliers, which are countries outside the three major exporters Australia, Brazil and South Africa.
KNOCKING OUT SMALL SUPPLIERS
Chinese customs data shows that a total of 270.9 million tonnes was imported in the first quarter, a gain of 12.2 percent over the same period last year.
While the major suppliers did increase their contributions, their growth rates were below the overall increase, with Australian supplies up 10.8 percent, those from Brazil by 3.8 percent and from South Africa by 3.3 percent.
India leapt into fourth spot with a massive 332.4 percent increase, supplying 9.9 million tonnes in the first quarter, or almost two-thirds of the total it supplied to China for the whole of 2016.
China's imports from Iran rose 113.4 percent in the first quarter, while those from Peru gained by 20 percent.
To be sure, China's imports are still dominated by the three major exporters, but the point is that the higher iron ore price brought alternative suppliers back to the market, and fairly rapidly.
Suppliers outside the big three provided China with 13.9 percent of its iron ore imports in the first quarter, up from 12.2 percent for the whole of 2016.
The question for the market is how quickly these extra tonnes will exit the seaborne market in response to the recent sharp decline in prices.
An iron ore miner based near India's east coast, speaking on the sidelines of the SGX iron ore event, said his company had managed to ship some cargoes to China this year, but when the price dropped below $70 a tonne it knocked them out of the market.
Industry consultants CRU presented data at a forum on Wednesday that estimated that about 50 million tonnes of the around 100 million tonnes supplied annually to China by producers outside the big three was fairly elastic, meaning it will respond to lower prices and exit the market.
But it's also possible the market will have to lose more higher-cost tonnes, given the expected arrival of more than 100 million tonnes of new low-cost production from Australia and Brazil by the end of 2018, as the last of the major projects ramp up output.
The top Australian miners, Rio Tinto, BHP Billiton and Fortescue Metals Group have reduced the cash cost of producing a tonne of iron ore to below $15 a tonne, meaning that once all the other costs, such as freight and taxes, are added in they can still be profitable at a spot price of less than $40.
It's a similar story for Brazil's Vale, even though its freight charges are higher given the longer shipping distance to China.
Overall, it would appear that iron ore will have to spend some time below $60 a tonne in order to knock out alternative seaborne supplies, as well as ensure that high-cost Chinese domestic miners don't resume operations.
But of course, this assumes that the authorities in Beijing don't spring any surprises on the market.
(Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
: The Jammu and Kashmir government has approved withdrawal of cases against 9,730 stone pelters, Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti told the assembly on Saturday.In a written reply in the assembly, she said that the government approved the withdrawal of cases registered between 2008 and 2017 against these people, including first-time offenders, though withdrawal of 1,745 cases is subject to certain conditions, based on recommendations of a committee set up to look into the matter.Mehbooba Mufti also said that the government has also recommended amnesty for more than 4,000 people involved in minor incidents of stone pelting over the past two years.Due to security reasons for them and their families, she did n t disclose the particulars of first-time offenders.Giving details, the Chief Minister said 3,773 cases were registered in 2016 and 2017, leading to the arrest of 11,290 people while 233 remained untraced.READ:Seven cases were not admitted, 1,692 were chargesheeted and 1,841 were under investigation, she added in her reply.Intense clashes had rocked Kashmir Valley in 2016 following the killing of Hizbul Mujahideen commander, Burhan Wani on July 8 in a gunfight with the security forces in Anantnag district.As many as 85 people were killed in clashes with security forces in 2016 Valley unrest.The Chief Minister said while 2,904 cases were registered and 8,570 people were arrested in connection with stone pelting incidents in 2016, the number of such cases in 2017 dropped to 869 in which 2,720 people were arrested.The highest number, 2,330 people, were arrested in Srinagar followed by 2,046 in Baramulla, 1,385 in Pulwama, 1,123 in Kupwara, 1,118 in Anantnag, 783 in Budgam, 714 in Ganderbal, 694 in Shopian, 548 in Bandipora, 547 in Kulgam and two in Doda districts during 2016 and 2017.She said 56 government employees and 16 Hurriyat Conference activists were among the 4,949 people found involved in stone pelting incidents while 4,074 were not affiliated with any separatist or militant group.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia's central bank is seen as all but certain to keep its cash rate at a record low of 1.5 percent at its monthly policy meeting next week, a Reuters poll of economists found.
Out of 48 economists who were polled, 47 forecast the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) would stand pat at its policy meeting on Feb. 6.
The RBA eased twice in 2016 but has since held steady as it balances the risk of fuelling further borrowing in the country's property market against tepid inflation. The housing sector has recently started cooling off from a blistering years-long pace.
While the majority predicted the central bank would keep rates steady until the third quarter of next year, 23 of 45 respondents forecast that it would tighten at least once by December next year, against one who expects two easings.
The cash rate is seen at 2.0 percent by June 2019, according to the median of 33 economists.
---------------------------------------------------------------
Economists were asked what the cash rate would be after the next RBA meeting in February and where rates would be at the end of each quarter until September 2019.
---------------------------------------------------------------
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
* Yen slips after special BOJ bond-buying operation
* Dollar index edges away from last week's three-year low
* Strong manufacturing survey underpins euro
* U.S. jobs report in focus later on Friday
By Lisa Twaronite
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The dollar nursed losses against a basket of currencies on Friday and was on track for a weekly fall as investors focused on renewed economic strength in the eurozone.
The yen, meanwhile, edged down after a special bond purchase operation by the Bank of Japan to stem the rise in Japanese bond yields ,which had tracked their global peers higher.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, inched 0.1 percent higher to 88.758 , holding above a three-year low of 88.429 set one week ago but still down 0.4 percent for the week.
The yield on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasuries reached a high of 2.797 percent early on Friday, probing its highest levels since April 2014.
“It's kind of counterintuitive. You'd think that with rates up, the dollar would be up, but investors are focusing their interest elsewhere,” such as further evidence that the European economy is picking up, said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management.
A survey released on Thursday showed eurozone manufacturing continued to boom last month, supporting expectations that the European Central Bank is on track to normalise monetary policy.
The euro edged down 0.1 percent on the day to $1.2506 , but remained within sight of last week's 3-year high of $1.2538. For the week, it was up 0.6 percent.
Against its Japanese counterpart, the dollar rose 0.3 percent on the day to 109.73, moving away from a four-month nadir of 108.28 hit a week ago.
On Friday, the BOJ offered to buy an unlimited amount of JGBs with more than five to 10 years left to maturity at 2 basis points above the previous close, which is 0.110 percent -- the same level at which it has offered similar unlimited buying in the past.
The BOJ also increased the amount of its planned buying in five- to 10-year JGBs to 450 billion yen from the previous 410 billion, an amount it had kept since late August.
Foreign exchange markets were largely unfazed by the Japanese central bank's move. The dollar drifted to its session low of 109.28 yen shortly afterward, before pushing higher.
“The BOJ's move today didn't have much of a forex market impact, as many market participants don't believe the BOJ wants to further expand its balance sheet,” said Masashi Murata, currency strategist for Brown Brothers Harriman in Tokyo.
“So today's announcement does not have much power to lift the dollar,” he said.
Later on Friday, investors will be watching the U.S. nonfarm payrolls report for January, for the latest clues on the strength of the U.S. labour market.
Nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 180,000 jobs in January after increasing 148,000 in December, according to a Reuters survey of economists. The unemployment rate is forecast to be unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
The Federal Reserve left its benchmark interest rate unchanged on Wednesday, though many market participants expect a rate hike in March.
The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year, the same as in 2017. (Reporting by Lisa Twaronite; Editing by Kim Coghill and Richard Borsuk)
April 5 Aquila Resources Inc
* Aquila Resources-Received third of 4 necessary permits from Michigan Department of Environmental Quality for zinc- and gold-rich back forty project
* Aquila Resources - Currently working with Michigan Department of Environmental Quality to finalize Wetlands Protection Permit expected later this year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Horror on Yonge St. after van driver kills 10 and injures 15
Suspect in van rampage identified as Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill
What we know and don't know about the van crash
The suspect behind the wheel of the van later ditched the vehicle and got into a standoff with a police officer on Poyntz Ave. south of Sheppard Ave. Eyewitness video of the confrontation shows him asking the officer to "shoot me in the head," claiming he had a gun in his pocket.
The officer arrested the suspect at the scene. The arresting police officer widely praised for his handling of the situation is Const. Ken Lam, the Star has confirmed.
Details are trickling out on the victims who were hit by the van.
The South Korean government confirmed on its official Facebook site that two of its nationals were killed, and another was injured.
At a special city council meeting Tuesday, Councillor Cesar Palacio rose to speak about one of the victims, Anne Marie D'Amico, the daughter of constituents Rocco and Carmela, who live in his Davenport ward.
D'Amico was one of three children and a friend of Palacio's daughter.
"When my daughter called me last night to share that particular news, it was so devastating," Palacio said in the council chamber as he offered condolences to the family.
The councillor said he spoke to D'Amico's father, Rocco, on Tuesday morning.
"It was clear that part of his life is gone," Palacio said. "As he noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever in his life."
Earlier on Monday, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Minassian's name did not trigger any red flags relating to terrorism.
Goodale had described the incident as a "horrific attack" in an afternoon tweet offering praise to the Toronto police and condolences to the victims and their families. By nightfall, Goodale tempered his language.
"This incident that happened here on the street behind us was horrendous but it does not appear to be connected in any way to national security," Goodale told reporters.
Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders said the rampage "definitely looked deliberate."
"There is nothing in our files, we've looked right across, and there's nothing that we have on him right now," he said.
The exact motive behind the horror remains unclear.
A source confirmed to the Star that a Facebook post from an Alek Minassian circulating on social media talking about "incel" and invoking U.S. mass murderer Elliot Rodger was indeed legitimate and published on Minassian's profile before his acount was deleted.
A spokesperson for Facebook Canada said it immediately deleted the suspect's account Monday afternoon.
"This is a terrible tragedy and our hearts go out to the people who have been affected. There is absolutely no place on our platform for people who commit such horrendous acts," spokesperson Meg Sinclair said in an email.
A LinkedIn profile for a man of the same name states he is a student at Seneca College. According to Joseph Pham, 25, who took a computer programming class with Minassian at Seneca, he was at school just last week. He described him as "socially awkward."
"He kept to himself. He didn't really talk to anyone," Pham said.
The Armenian Community Centre of Toronto released a statement saying it was "deeply saddened and disturbed by the senseless deaths and injuries."
"We unequivocally condemn this and all acts of violence," the statement said. "We commend the bravery and dedication of our first responders who, despite being faced with an unprecedented tragedy, saved lives with their heroic actions and rapid response."
TTC subway trains will continue to bypass North York Centre station as the investigation continues. Beecroft Rd., which runs parallel to Yonge St. has been reopened.
With files from Sabrina Nanji, Wendy Gillis, Alexandra Jones, Julien Gignac and Nicholas Keung
With files from Sabrina Nanji, Wendy Gillis, Alexandra Jones, Julien Gignac and Nicholas Keung
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
William C. Dudley, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York speaks during a panel discussion at The Bank of England in London, Britain, March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Kirsty Wigglesworth
Prospects for the U.S. economy have brightened now that fiscal stimulus from Washington appears more likely, so the Federal Reserve will need to keep raising rates and eventually trim its bond portfolio to avoid an overheating, one of the most influential Fed policymakers said on Thursday.
The comments from New York Fed President William Dudley, while sounding some cautious notes, were perhaps his most optimistic in years and reinforced the notion that the core U.S. central bankers are confidently on the road to tighter monetary policy after having hiked interest rates twice in three months.
Dudley said recent inflation readings had made him more confident that prices, which have been below-target since the recession, will stabilize up around 2 percent. He also cited "significantly lower" risks to overseas economies, good U.S. jobs growth, and promises of tax cuts, spending and deregulation from the Trump administration for the improving picture.
"While there is still considerable uncertainty about fiscal policy ... it seems likely that it will shift over time to a more stimulative setting," he said at the University of South Florida Sarasota-Manatee. "Consequently it appears that the risks for both economic growth and inflation over the medium to longer term may be shifting gradually to the upside."
He added: "It seems appropriate to scale back monetary policy accommodation gradually in order to reduce the risk of the economy overheating, and to avoid a significant inflation overshoot in the medium term."
Dudley, a close ally of Fed Chair Janet Yellen and a permanent voter on policy, had a big hand in setting the stage for the mid-March hike, which brought the key policy rate to a range of 0.75 to 1 percent. Fed forecasts suggest two more hikes are expected this year.
An easing of financial conditions since the November election of President Donald Trump - rising stocks, narrowing credit spreads, and falling bond yields - helped prompt the decision, Dudley said. He also repeated an assertion from 2014 - to some surprise at the time - that financial conditions play a direct role in Fed policy decisions because they influence the economy.
Markets mostly reacted positively to the election on expectations of fiscal stimulus, though Republican plans to revamp health care legislation fell through last week, causing stocks to fall.
Turning to the central bank's record $4.5 trillion balance sheet of bonds, which it acquired in the wake of the financial crisis, Dudley said he expects longer-term market yields to rise when the Fed finally outlines a plan to reduce its holdings.
"Presumably, financial conditions would tighten by more if we were to end reinvestments earlier and more abruptly," he said. "This suggests a better course may be to taper reinvestments gradually and predictably."
He added that the Fed, though it has not officially ruled it out, is not contemplating actively selling its some $2-trillion stable of mortgage-backed assets, but would rather let them mature and run-off naturally.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Additional reporting by Sam Forgione; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Diane Craft)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: United States Navy Admiral Scott Swift speaks at a press conference at Joint Base Pearl Harbor Hickam about the multi-national military exercise RIMPAC in Honolulu, Hawaii, July 5, 2016. REUTERS/Hugh Gentry
TOKYO U.S. Pacific Fleet Commander Admiral Scott Swift on Thursday said diplomatic and economic measures against North Korea have not had the results that people were expecting.
Swift, in Tokyo to meet senior Japanese Self Defence Force commanders, said at a briefing that any decision on a pre-emptive attack would be up to President Donald Trump.
North Korea on Wednesday test-fired a ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast, a day before Trump was due to meet Chinese President Xi Jinping in Florida.
(Reporting by Tim Kelly; Editing by Chris Gallagher)
March 28 Signet Jewelers Ltd has been hit with a securities fraud class action lawsuit, accusing the retailer of failing to disclose facts regarding sexual harassment allegations against executives at its Sterling Jewelers unit, court documents showed.
The lawsuit, filed on Tuesday in Dallas federal court by Irving Firemen's Relief & Retirement Fund, claimed the fund suffered economic loss as a result of violations of the securities laws by Signet.
The lawsuit accused the company of disseminating false or misleading statements to the public about the true nature and severity of the allegations made by former employees.
Signet did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment on the lawsuit.
The Washington Post reported last month that hundreds of former employees sued the retailer, which owns the Kay and Jared brands, for leading a corporate culture that "fostered rampant sexual harassment and discrimination."
Employees accused Sterling of wage violations and argued that the company paid male employees higher salaries than females, who were also often overlooked for promotions, the Washington Post reported. wapo.st/2ow243k
Sterling said in February it has "thoroughly investigated" the allegations and "concluded they are not substantiated by facts."
Earlier this month, Signet said it would review its equal opportunities and other workplace-related policies, as it stepped up efforts to contain the damage from the sexual harassment allegations.
Signet also said it would form a board committee that will consist of four female directors and focus on the advancement of its women employees.
The case is in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, Dallas division, Case No: 3:17-cv-00875-D. (Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
There are partnership opportunities for organizations wishing to utilize Halton District School Board properties.
Community groups and members of the public are invited to a meeting on Wednesday, Nov. 8 at 7 p.m. to discuss potential planning and partnership opportunities within HDSB facilities.
Partnership opportunities in existing schools and co-build opportunities in proposed new schools will be discussed at the J.W. Singleton Education Centre, 2050 Guelph Line. There could also be opportunities in a proposed new board administrative centre.
Potential partners are requested to bring relevant planning information such as population projections, growth plans, community needs, land-use and green-space/park requirements to the meeting.
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PARIS A new Odoxa survey of voter intentions said centrist Emmanuel Macron would win the French presidency in a May 7 vote, but that his share of the vote would be 59 percent, down four percentage points from its previous survey.
The survey, carried out over April 26-27 and published on Friday, saw his far right rival Marine Le Pen on 41 percent, up four points compared with the previous survey on April 24-25.
The poll showed that 40 percent of supporters of the defeated first-round French presidential candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon would vote Emmanuel Macron, while half of Francois Fillon voters would do the same.
More than 40 percent of Melenchon voters plan to abstain, the poll also showed.
(Reporting by Maya Nikolaeva; Editing by Andrew Callus)
* March private sector job additions beat estimates
* Record highs: Amazon, Microsoft and Apple
* Fed to release March meeting minutes at 2:00 p.m. ET
* Indexes up: Dow 0.74 pct, S&P 0.62 pct, Nasdaq 0.54 pct (Updates to early afternoon)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 5 U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday in a broad-based rally, spurred by a blowout private employment data that reinforced the strength of the economy.
U.S. companies added 263,000 workers in March, the most since December 2014 and well above economists expectations of 187,000.
The report by payrolls processor ADP acts as a precursor to the Friday's nonfarm payrolls data that includes hiring in both the public and private sectors.
"The GDP number was recently revised upward, jobs continue to look good, inflation is moving in the right direction ...(ADP) was just another piece of the puzzle that gives the market some confidence that we are still on track," said Myles Clouston, senior director at Nasdaq Advisory Services in New York.
All the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were up, with financials and technology giving the biggest boost.
The Nasdaq hit an all-time high, buoyed by Amazon. Microsoft and Apple touching record highs.
At 12:33 p.m. ET (1633 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 152.3 points, or 0.74 percent, at 20,841.54, the S&P 500 was up 14.66 points, or 0.62 percent, at 2,374.82.
The Nasdaq Composite was up 30.62 points, or 0.52 percent, at 5,929.23. It hit a record of 5,933.77.
The ADP report drew investors back into the market after a period of range-bound trading amid worries about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on his policy plans after recent setbacks in Congress.
However, investors are cautiously awaiting a meeting between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping that starts on Thursday.
The meeting, which Trump expects will be a "very difficult one", is likely to focus on North Korea's arms program and China-U.S. trade.
Lofty market valuations - in the wake of the post-election rally - will be tested when the first-quarter earnings season starts next week.
"Valuations from a historical standpoint are in the high end but as long as earnings growth and GDP continue to do well, there is argument that they are justified," Clouston said.
Panera Bread jumped nearly 14 percent to $311.96 after JAB Holdings said it would buy the bakery chain for $7.16 billion.
The Federal Reserve will release the minutes of its March policy meeting at 2:00 p.m. ET (1800 GMT).
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,865 to 966. On the Nasdaq, 1,532 issues rose and 1,203 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed 34 52-week highs and three lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 62 highs and 35 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
TORONTO — The Toronto Argonauts have acquired quarterback James Franklin and a third-round selection in the 2018 Canadian Football League draft from the Edmonton Eskimos in exchange for Canadian offensive lineman Mason Woods.
Franklin has made 12 appearances over three seasons in Edmonton, completing 116-of-176 pass attempts for 1,449 yards, 12 touchdowns and one interception while rushing for 145 yards and one touchdown on 18 carries.
Woods, from Maple Ridge, B.C., was selected by the Argos in the first round (10th overall) of the 2017 CFL draft. Woods attended University of Idaho from 2013 to '16 where he appeared in 34 games.
Franklin, who becomes a free agent in mid-February, backed up the Esks' Mike Reilly, the CFL's most outstanding player in '17, and has said that he wants a starting role.
The Argonauts already have future Hall of Famer Ricky Ray at quarterback but, after Toronto was the upset winner of the Grey Cup over Calgary, there was immediate speculation the veteran would retire. He hasn't indicated his plans for the future and Toronto general manager Jim Popp told Dave Naylor of TSN 1050 in Toronto on Monday the trade does not mean Ray has indicated to the Argos he is ending his career, or that he's even leaning that way.
The Argos were also thought to be interested in getting Zach Collaros back from the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He was a backup in Toronto for two years, starting eight games when Ray was injured, and lost his starter's job in Hamilton to Jeremiah Masoli after June Jones took over as head coach in late August. Collaros has one more year remaining on his contract.
With files from Steve Milton, The Hamilton Spectator
April 5 U.S. solar company SunPower Corp said on Wednesday it was exploring strategic alternatives for its yieldco joint venture with First Solar .
Separately, First Solar said it was looking to sell its stake in the venture, 8point3 Energy Partners.
So-called yieldcos are publicly traded entities that house solar and wind projects sold to them by their parent companies, and third-party entities. (Reporting by Komal Khettry in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
Burnley manager Sean Dyche has driven home the message that there are no easy games in the Premier League, with his team closing in on another season in the top flight ahead of Saturday's trip to relegation-threatened Middlesbrough.
Burnley ended a run of seven league games without a win when they beat Stoke 1-0 on Tuesday to move up to 14th place on 35 points, but Dyche warned his team that they were not out of the woods yet.
"The main thing from my point of view as a manager, is you want to keep moving forward, developing the side and the club," he told a news conference on Thursday.
"Now it's about taking on the rest of the challenge, because you get no 'gimmies' in the Premier League. We've got good points on the board, we're in good shape, but we've got to keep taking on the next challenge."
Middlesbrough are second bottom in the standings and have not won a league game this year, but Burnley have not won away from home all season and could be without midfielder Steven Defour who faces a late fitness test.
"We are in good shape with seven to go, both in the way the team are performing and the points on the board, but the next one at Middlesbrough is a big one, and we just keep taking the challenges as they come," Dyche added.
"We don't get ideas above ourselves, we have to work for every single inch of what we get, and we're going to have to continue to do that."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru, editing by Neil Robinson)
March 29 Stock futures pointed to a higher opening for Canada's main stock index on Wednesday as oil prices extended gains.
Disruptions in Libya and views that an OPEC-led output reduction is likely to be extended helped oil prices, despite industry data showing an increase in U.S. crude inventories.
June futures on the S&P TSX index were up 0.08 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET.
Canada's main stock index notched its highest close in three weeks on Tuesday as an oil price rally helped energy stocks and a jump in U.S. consumer confidence boosted global markets.
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were down 0.03 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were up 0.01 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were up 0.06 percent.
No major economic releases are scheduled in Canada.
(Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here)
TOP STORIES
The Canadian and Ontario governments plan to team up with a group of businesses to invest about C$200 million ($150 million) to fund an artificial intelligence institute at the University of Toronto, project organizers said on Tuesday.
TransCanada Corp's chief operating officer, Alex Pourbaix, is retiring from the company after 23 years in May, a TransCanada spokesman said on Tuesday.
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Caribbean Utilities: Barclays starts coverage with "underweight" rating; $13 price target
Fortis Inc: Barclays reinstates with "overweight" rating; C$48 price target
Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd: CIBC raises price target to C$11 from C$10.25
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET
Gold futures: $1252.3; -0.26 percent
US crude: $48.6; +0.48 percent
Brent crude: $51.6; +0.53 percent
LME 3-month copper: $5883.5; +0.18 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON WEDNESDAY
10:00 Pending Homes Index for Feb: Prior 106.4
10:00 Pending Sales Change mm for Feb: Expected 2.4 pct; Prior -2.8 pct
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory ($1= C$1.34) (Reporting by Nikhil Kumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
April 3 Galena Biopharma Inc
* Galena Biopharma - On April 1, co and JGB Newton Ltd., entered into waiver that amended securities purchase agreement dated May 10, 2016 - SEC Filing
* Galena Biopharma Inc - Company sold to JGB Newton secured convertible debenture in principal amount of $25.4 million Source text: [bit.ly/2ov1tTG] Further company coverage:
The facility closest to his home in Conshohocken at the time (Gupta now lives in Old City) that offered cryotherapy was 45 minutes away, in Holland, Bucks County. After a few sessions, Gupta noticed he felt more calm and relaxed. He even felt an energetic rush. He was sleeping better and thinking more clearly.
"I knew I had to bring the business in to town," said Gupta, a lifelong entrepreneur who for a time worked in real estate development. "I knew I could do it so much better."
In July 2016, Gupta opened the 1,400-square-foot flagship Orange Cryo — now the official cryo home of Temple University's football team and a few select Eagles and Flyers players — on Fourth Street between Northern Liberties and Old City. There is one in Conshohocken and one in Avalon, too. And Gupta has plans to open two other Pennsylvania locations, in Blue Bell and West Chester. He also plans one for Voorhees and another in Las Vegas.
Despite Orange Cryo's frosty business practices, Gupta has created quite the cosy setup. There are hardwood floors; inside each locker are a pair of orange Crocs and a plush terry cloth bathrobe. Orange Cryo muscle-cooling creams line the shelves. The facial room is nestled in the back.
And in the right front corner of the space is the rather imposing, 8-foot stainless steel cryo sauna, where I would painfully learn that the only steam rushing out is gelid.
I've spent the better part of two years nursing an aggravated hip flexor, so I was game to see how cryotherapy would help. Still, I was terrified when I entered Orange Cryo one recent rainy afternoon.
After a quick rundown, I ducked into one of the changing rooms, where I removed all my jewelry and peeled my clothes off down to my undies. I slipped the Orange Cryo padded socks and gloves over my extremities, wrapped myself in a robe, and tentatively walked out.
Vapour frothed. They told me it was minus 256 degrees Fahrenheit.
I took a deep breath. Got in. And quickly handed my bathrobe over.
Thirty seconds in. This isn't bad. I think I can do it. A minute in. Hmmm. A minute and a half. Oh, God, this hurts. I want to get out. But I'm no punk. Store manager Mike Pacitti starts to talk to me. He goes in as often as he can, he says. Really? Oh and did you know Danny Simmons, the brother of hip-hop entrepreneur Russell (a serious cryo fan) and rapper Rev Run, is coming in later?
I love my fellow Hollis, Queens, brother and all, but now I'm starting to get angry. At 2 ½ minutes, the countdown starts. Ten seconds. They are handing my robe back. At exactly three minutes, I'm so out of there.
"How do you feel?" Pacitti asked me.
Seriously?
That night, I slept better than I had in recent weeks. As for my leg, it was a little achy right after. But the next morning, I did a vigorous sculpt practice at Core Power Yoga and the nagging pull was gone.
To really see a difference, Gupta recommends three $29 sessions in one week.
I'm going to have to take his word for it. There is no way I'm going back in.
Philadelphia Inquirer
Premier Kathleen Wynne stopped at Stelco Wednesday morning to warn voters about the dangers of allowing Andrea Horwath or Doug Ford to handle the increasingly delicate trade relationship with the U.S.
Wynne, who also stopped at Hamilton's steel manufacturing giant in April, said she's the best candidate to help preserve jobs — particularly those in manufacturing — given the looming threat of the U.S. imposing new tariffs on steel and aluminum.
"With the tension and uncertainty around NAFTA, I've been spending a lot more time in the United States that I might have expected to in this job," she said. "And that's because Ontario workers needed me there — needed us to be there to be standing up for jobs and businesses, like Stelco."
Wynne, appearing in Horwath's home riding, pointed out that Canada's exemption from new American tariffs on steel and aluminum expires June 1. She said the new "wave of protectionism" ushered in by U.S. President Donald Trump, won't change her commitment to fight for the 16,000 steel jobs in the province.
Wynne cast herself as the middle ground between her rivals, arguing that Ford is too close to Trump, while the NDP is having taken "rigid and impractical position" instead of pursuing what's best for workers.
"When voters go to the polls on June 7, they're going to be choosing a person to lead them who will be in very tricky, very delicate negotiations with U.S. officials. That's the reality of the role of Premier, it's that you find yourself — and you put yourself — into those very challenging conversations," she said.
"On the one hand, you have Doug Ford, he's expressed his admiration for Donald Trump, despite the chaos and the uncertainty that the Trump administration has caused Ontario. And on the other extreme, you have the NDP, who has historically campaigned against free trade agreements, and would base their
MPP Ted McMeekin, who is facing a tough re-election fight in his riding of Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas, said Wynne's efforts "literally saved the (steel) industry."
"I couldn't see Andrea Horwath, with her well-known sentiments about free trade and not understanding the complexity of the agreements, getting on a plane and going south to talk to congressional leaders and congressmen and governors. That just wouldn't happen," said McMeekin. "We've got a leader that made it happen."
April 10 Russia's largest gold producer Polyus said on Monday:
* Following completion of the merger of Polyus 100 percent direct subsidiary LLC Polyus-Invest into Polyus, 63,082,318 treasury shares of the company were cancelled on April 10 2017;
* Following the cancellation of treasury shares, the shareholding structure of Polyus is as follows: Polyus Gold International Limited (majority shareholder) - 91.73 percent, treasury shares held by the Company - 1.51 percent, free float - 6.76 percent. Further company coverage: Eikon source (Reporting by Moscow Newsroom)
Construction equipment is parked at the bottom of a pit on the site of a new condominium complex off Redpath Avenue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
OTTAWA The value of Canadian building permits fell in February, driven by a decrease in construction plans for single-family homes, government buildings and elementary schools, data from Statistics Canada showed on Thursday.
Permits decreased 2.5 percent, though January's figures were revised slightly higher to show a gain of 5.8 percent, from the originally reported 5.4 percent.
Intentions for residential buildings slipped 1.5 percent as plans for single-family homes tumbled 5.4 percent, with the province of Ontario seeing the largest decrease.
However, building plans for multi-family residences rose for a second month, up 3.0 percent on increased intentions for apartment buildings in British Columbia and Alberta.
Non-residential permits dropped 4.5 percent, amid a decrease in the institutional sector due to lower construction plans for government buildings and elementary schools.
Permits for industrial buildings fell 2.7 percent after a nearly 10 percent increase the previous month. On the upside, intentions for commercial buildings rose 1.0 percent on higher construction plans for office buildings in Quebec and Manitoba.
(Reporting by Leah Schnurr; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
OTTAWA — The federal government is interpreting Ontario's cancellation of its cap-and-trade program as equivalent to withdrawing from Ottawa's national climate change framework — and is reconsidering more than $400 million in funding as a result.
A spokeswoman for Environment Minister Catherine McKenna says the $420 million earmarked for Ontario under the Low Carbon Economy Leadership Fund is under review, since funding is contingent on agreeing to the framework, which includes imposing a carbon price.
Newly elected Ontario Premier Doug Ford has rescinded the previous Liberal government's regulation that established the cap-and-trade program in 2017, withdrawing from an arrangement with Quebec and California that established a joint carbon market to buy and sell pollution credits.
As a result, Canada has hit the brakes on Ontario's portion of the $1.4-billion climate change fund.
"By cancelling Ontario's cap-and-trade plan, the Ontario government is making it clear that it is not taking climate action, and is effectively withdrawing from Canada's national climate change plan without a plan of their own," McKenna spokeswoman Caroline Theriault said in a statement.
Ottawa had already approved funding for seven Ontario programs under the fund, but all of that money is now on hold. One particular program cancelled by Ford, the Green Ontario Fund, means the province has, forfeited $100 million in federal money.
Ford called the cap-and-trade program little more than a "government cash grab" when he cancelled it on Tuesday as one of the first actions of his nascent government.
"Every cent spent from the cap-and-trade slush fund is money that has been taken out of the pockets of Ontario families and businesses," he said in a news release.
"We believe that this money belongs back in the pockets of people. Cancelling the cap-and-trade carbon tax will result in lower prices at the gas pump, on your home heating bills and on virtually every other product that you buy."
Cap and trade limits on the amount of acceptable emissions; companies that come in under the limit can generate credits which can then be sold to others that exceed the limits. The idea is to create incentives for industry to invest in reducing their carbon footprint.
Concerns have been raised that a decision to introduce two mini roundabouts at Knaresborough's busiest junction will not ‘solve the problem'.
Seven years after Bond End was declared an Air Quality Management Area (AQMA), a decision to change the junction layout at Bond End was approved last Friday (January 26).
Executive Members of North Yorkshire County Council approved the report by the Bond End Steering Group which recommended the option over two others which have been investigated extensively.
But the decision has been met with mixed reaction, as the Mayor of Knaresborough, Coun David Goode suggested a lot of concerns still hadn't been addressed.
He said: “The estimated cost doesn't include whatever services they have to move so clearly they still have a lot of work to do.
“I'm also surprised they are saying they still have to do the safety assessment so all the residents that are impacted by the changes, none of that has been resolved as to how they are going to get out of their homes.
“It strikes me as strange that they can make a decision when they haven't fully determined the cost and haven't conducted a safety assessment.”
Coun Goode also highlighted that the report suggests the changes are only predicted to improve air quality in the short term, and that Bond End will still officially be an AQMA.
He said: Whatever they do, it still will not meet government targets for reductions in air pollution.
“It's potentially a lot of money that is going to be spent for some improvements in the short term but it still doesn't solve the problem that people desperately wanted fixing.”
However NYCC's Executive Member for Highways Councillor Don Mackenzie, reassured that the added cost of moving services would not stop the project and that safety assessments were all in hand.
He said: “We have to change the widths of the paths on High Bond End corner, but that does mean that some telecoms cabling will have to be moved.
“We don't know the exact cost of that but we are not expecting it to be such that we cannot go ahead. I have no personal concerns on that score.
“The safety checks have also been done, what we have said is they have not been concluding. We are deciding what types of pedestrian crossings are best placed at the junction.
“We will make sure the crossings that we put there are safe and protected.
“And the other thing is to look at how we can provide safe access for residents of Bond End to their properties.
“Perhaps putting up a notice for cars coming down High Bond End that people will be reversing out of their drives.”
Coun Mackenzie stressed that the air pollution issue at Bond End has been a subject ‘for years' and that now was not the time to delay further.
He said: “The report makes perfectly clear that this doesn't remove the air quality issue but it is a step in the right direction.
He added: “By 2028 I'm pretty sure it won't be a problem anymore because most vehicles will be electric.”
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Patients with advanced melanoma who received Bristol-Myers Squibb's immunotherapies Opdivo and Yervoy had improved overall survival compared with those on Yervoy alone, with 64 percent on the combination therapy still alive after two years, according to data released on Monday.
The combination therapy won approval to treat the deadliest form of skin cancer based on its ability to delay disease worsening, known as progression-free survival, with the condition that it ultimately helps patients live longer.
Data presented at the American Association for Cancer Research meeting in Washington for the first time demonstrated that overall survival benefit.
Prior to the introduction of these new drugs that help the immune system fight cancer, including Keytruda from Merck & Co, advanced melanoma was a short-term death sentence.
The new drugs do come at a hefty price. The combination regimen used in the study costs about $145,200, Bristol said.
In the 945-patient late stage trial, median overall survival for Yervoy, known chemically as ipilimumab, was 20 months. Median overall survival had not yet been reached for the combination or for Opdivo (nivolumab) alone, with a minimum follow-up of 28 months.
After two years, 59 percent of those who got Opdivo alone were still alive, while 64 percent of patients in the combination group were alive.
"This level of survival rate at two years is really unprecedented," said Fouad Namouni, Bristol's head of medical and oncology development.
Put another way, the combination therapy reduced the risk of death 45 percent compared with Yervoy, the company said.
No new safety issues turned up in the study, Bristol-Myers said. However, the rate of serious adverse side effects was 58 percent for the combination, 21 percent for Opdivo and 28 percent for Yervoy.
"It is exciting to see that initial results suggest that the nivolumab plus ipilimumab combination provides favorable survival outcomes compared with ipilimumab alone," Dr. James Larkin, the study's lead investigator, said in a statement.
The higher rate of severe side effects should be considered when making treatment decisions, he added.
Bristol-Myers is looking to regain its standing in the burgeoning immuno-oncology field. It ceded its perceived lead to Merck last year, when Opdivo proved no better than chemotherapy as an initial treatment for advanced lung cancer, by far the biggest oncology market. Merck's Keytruda won approval as a first-line treatment for advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
(Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
* City beat United 2-1 in the Manchester derby to go 11 points clear of rivals at the top of the Premier League table
* City took the lead in the 43rd minute when Silva hooked home after United failed to clear a De Bruyne corner
* Rashford took advantage of poor City defending to equalise before interval
* City restored their advantage in the 54th minute when Otamendi fired home after Lukaku's clearance hit Smalling's back
* Ederson's late double save ensured victory for Guardiola's side
* United are at home to Bournemouth on Wednesday while City travel to Swansea
MANCHESTER UNITED 1 MANCHESTER CITY 2
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Manchester City moved 11 points clear at the top of the Premier League after a 2-1 win over Manchester United at Old Trafford in their derby clash on Sunday.
City have become the first team to win 14 consecutive English top-flight games in the same season. Their victory ended United's run of 40 home games unbeaten in all competitions.
City went ahead in the 43rd minute when Romelu Lukaku was unable to clear Kevin De Bruyne's inswinging corner and the ball fell to David Silva, who was played onside by Ashley Young. The Spaniard gratefully hooked the ball home.
Poor defending at the other end allowed United to get level before the break. Marcos Rojo hit a hopeful diagonal cross into the City box but Nicolas Otamendi misjudged a header, Fabian Delph hesitated and Marcus Rashford pounced on the loose ball and drove low past Ederson.
Nine minutes after the interval, City grabbed the winner when Silva whipped in a free-kick into the box and Lukaku, who had a derby to forget, drove an attempted clearance into the back of teammate Chris Smalling. The ball looped to Otamendi who, making amends for his earlier mistake, showed great athleticism to volley home on the half-turn.
City had keeper Ederson to thank for the three points after he produced a superb double save at close range six minutes from the end to keep out efforts from Lukaku and Juan Mata. (Reporting by Simon Evans, editing by Neil Robinson)
Bayern won the European club competition in 1974, '75, '75, '01 and '13
Besiktas made waves by winning its group with a 4-0-2 record, finishing ahead of Portugal's Porto, Germany's Leipzig and AS Monaco. The only other teams to emerge unbeaten from the group stage were Barcelona, Liverpool and Tottenham.
The first Turkish team to top a group and qualify undefeated, Besiktas also set a record for most points (14), goals (11) and wins (4) by a Turkish team in group play.
Hutchinson, known as the Octopus for his long legs and ability to shield the ball, led all Besiktas players in covering more than 50 kilometres over the five group games. He also had a 94 per cent pass completion rate.
Besiktas has already had success against German opposition, defeating 2016-17 Bundesliga runner-up RB Leipzig 2-1 and 2-0 in group play.
And history is on Hutchinson team's side. Group winners, who play the second leg at home, have advanced in 72.3 per cent of round-of-16 ties since the current competition format was introduced.
The Black Eagles currently stand fourth in the Turkish Super League with at a 7-2-6 record, five points behind leader Galatasaray (10-3-2). Hutchinson says the team has played better in the Champions League than in domestic competition.
Besiktas made the quarter-finals of the Europa League last season, losing to Lyon in a penalty shootout after the series finished tied at 3-3.
Hutchinson has other things on his mind as well with his wife expecting their third child any day now.
He joined Besiktas in 2013 after three seasons with PSV Eindhoven in the Netherlands. In 2015, he signed a two-year contract extension.
He started his career in Scandinavia with Osters and Helsingborg in Sweden and FC Copenhagen in Denmark.
His trophy cases include four Danish titles (2006, 2007, 2009, 2010), one Danish Cup (2009), one Dutch Cup (2012) and two Turkish league titles (2016, 2017).
A five-time Canadian player of the year (2010, '12, '14, '15 and '16), Hutchinson has won 78 caps for Canada, making his debut at 19. He has captained his country six times including a 2-0 win over Jamaica in September.
Hutchinson joins former Canadian internationals Tomaz Radzinski (Anderlecht, 2000-01) and Paul Stalteri (SV Werder Bremen, 2004-05) in reaching the knockout stage of the Champions League.
Should he made the quarterfinals, the Canadian Soccer Association says he would be the first Canadian international to do so — although Canadian-born Owen Hargreaves, who played internationally for England, won the tournament in 2000-01 with Bayern Munich.
In the other round-of-16 matches, it's Juventus (Italy) versus Tottenham Hotspur (England), Basel (Switzerland) versus Manchester City (England), Porto (Portugal) versus Liverpool (England), defending champion Real Madrid (Spain) versus Paris Saint-Germain (France), Chelsea (England) versus Barcelona (Spain): Sevilla (Spain) versus Manchester United (England) and Shakhtar Donetsk (Ukraine) versus Roma (Italy).
The draw featured two pots: group winners and runners-up. Teams could not play a club from their group or their own country.
The final is May 26 at the Olympic Stadium in Kyiv, Ukraine.
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
By Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
Golf-Erin Hills a tough test for golfers and USGA
ERIN, Wisconsin, June 14 The U.S. Open is always billed as the ultimate test in golf due to course conditions but this week could also be one of the toughest logistical challenges as the major comes to Erin Hills for the first time.
NEW YORK, April 20 A Pennsylvania bank robber who earned the nickname "straw hat bandit" for wearing colorful headwear during heists was arrested on Thursday for a string of 11 robberies, authorities said.
Richard Boyle, 57, was expected to appear in federal court on Thursday on charges that he robbed the banks in suburban Pennsylvania between 2012 and 2016.
Boyle previously served three years in prison after pleading guilty in 2008 to robbing eight banks in Pennsylvania and was released in August 2011.
U.S. authorities said Boyle made off with approximately $500,000 during his latest crime spree and used his aerial photography business to launder a portion of the proceeds.
Boyle concealed his face using a pillowcase, a bandana or a mask and sported numerous hats, including a straw hat, a bucket hat and a baseball cap, according to authorities.
Boyle was already in state prison on a probation violation and was transferred to federal custody for his court appearance. (Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
JOHANNESBURG, April 12 South Africa's main opposition party said on Wednesday it will not withdraw a motion of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma after parliament earlier said the vote could only be removed by the party which had brought it to parliament and not the Speaker.
The motion was brought to parliament by Democratic Alliance leader Mmusi Maimane. But on Tuesday, Maimane requested the Speaker of parliament to delay the motion until the Constitutional Court rules on whether the vote should be taken by secret ballot.
"The DA never indicated that the motion of no confidence will be withdrawn but only requested that the Speaker postpone the motion due to the importance of the pending Constitutional Court application," the DA said in a statement, adding it was still within the Speaker's powers to postpone the vote. (Reporting by Tanisha Heiberg; Editing by James Macharia)
April 13 Micronet Enertec Technologies Inc :
* Co's unit entered into a teaming agreement with cyient dlm private limited
* Micronet Enertec Technologies - agreement to jointly pursue contracts with Israeli aerospace and defense companies that have offset obligations in India Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Caladrius Biosciences Inc
* Caladrius Biosciences Inc says addition of four clinical sites, including Joslin Diabetes Center, for ongoing phase 2 study of CLBS03 in T1D
* Caladrius Biosciences Inc says expects to reach important milestone of treating 50% of subjects by mid-2017
* Caladrius Biosciences Inc says enrollment of 70(th) subject in study, expected to occur in mid-2017, will trigger an additional infusion of capital Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 2 Georgia native Russell Henley locked up the last berth in the U.S. Masters when he surged to a three-stroke victory at the Shell Houston Open in Texas on Sunday.
Henley wielded a hot putter to surge past a faltering Kang Sung-hoon, reeling off three consecutive birdies from the 13th hole at the Golf Club of Houston.
He carded a 65 to finish at 20-under-par 268 for his third PGA Tour victory.
Kang, who needed to win to qualify for the Masters starting on Thursday, never got his final round off the launch pad, battling to a 72.
The South Korean preserved sole second place by sinking a 15-foot par putt at the last to finish at 17-under, a stroke better than Americans Rickie Fowler and Luke List.
A spot in the Masters was reserved for the Houston winner, if not already exempt, and Henley heads to Augusta, Georgia for the year's first major championship, not far from his hometown of Macon. (Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, editing by Gene Cherry)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Hideki Matsuyama shakes hands with Ian and Ernie Els on the 18th gree during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Michael Madrid-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Co-leader Hideki Matsuyama has an “extra gear” in common with many of the greats, Ernie Els said on Friday after playing the second round of the PGA Championship with the Japanese player.
Els has been grouped with Matsuyama many times, but was still surprised when he watched his fellow competitor blow a drive over a fairway bunker guarding the left side of the slight dogleg at the 10th hole.
“What I saw today that I haven't seen from Hideki is that little extra he has,” the South African veteran told a small group of reporters after Matsuyama had carded seven-under 64 to tie American Kevin Kisner for the second-round lead at Quail Hollow.
“I remember in my prime and a lot of other guys' primes when you needed it there was that 20 yards and he's got that ability,” continued former world number one Els.
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Hideki Matsuyama plays from a bunker on the 16th hole during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Michael Madrid-USA TODAY Sports
“Today on number 10 there's a bunker at 310 (yards). He flew that bunker comfortably. When you have that kind of firepower, he's got an extra gear. He plays within himself and then can let it go. The whole package is there.”
Els thinks world number three Matsuyama has “really paid his dues” by playing well in previous majors and hopes the Japanese player on Sunday becomes the first man from his country to win a major.
“There's not really any flaws in (the swing and) he's not scared of the lead,” Els said.
“Some guys shy away from the lead because they're not sure of their games. I think he's totally sure of his game. That 61 on Sunday (to win the Bridgestone Invitational) must have given the world of confidence.
“I would really like it if he wins because he's really paid his dues now.”
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
April 6 Daily Mail And General Trust Plc :
* Appointment of CFO
* Tim Collier appointed as group CFO and to board of DMGT as executive director with effect from 2 May 2017
* CFO appointment follows September 2016 announcement of Stephen Daintith's resignation
* Adrian Perry, deputy finance director DMGT, will act as interim CFO in intervening period
* Collier joins from Thomson Reuters, where he is currently CFO of Financial and Risk business Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
The next morning, Leger knelt at the site and recognized what appeared to be a partial elephant skull.
It turned out to be much more. After 15 hours of painstaking excavation, the team uncovered an intact skull of a juvenile mammoth.
"It's an absolute dream come true for me," said Leger, who spent the previous decade at a South Dakota mammoth site with no discoveries even close to the size of the one in Los Angeles. "It's the one fossil you always want to find in your career."
California's stringent environmental laws require scientists to be on hand at certain construction sites.
Paleontologists have staffed all L.A. subway digs beginning in the 1990s, when work started on the city's inaugural line, said Dave Sotero, spokesman for the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
Paying for the paleontologist staff from Cogstone Resource Management is factored into the project's cost, he said. When scientists are brought in to see what crews might have unearthed, work on the project continues, albeit in a different location.
"Our crews try to be as mindful as possible to help them do their jobs. We get out of their way," Sotero said, adding that when the mammoth skull was uncovered, construction workers helped deliver it to the mouth of the site.
From there, the skull was hauled a mile or so to Los Angeles' La Brea Tar Pits and Museum, home to one of America's most fossil-rich sites.
Assistant curator Dr. Emily Lindsey called it a "pretty remarkable find," noting that while thousands of dire wolf and saber-toothed cat remains have been uncovered in L.A., there have been only about 30 mammoths.
A few hundred pounds and the size of an easy chair, the skull is especially rare because both tusks were attached. It's being studied and is available for public viewing inside the museum's glass-walled Fossil Lab.
With a nod to Hollywood, the 8- to 12-year-old Colombian mammoth was named Hayden, for the actress Hayden Panettiere, featured in the TV series "Nashville" and "Heroes."
The Cogstone monitor at the construction site had been watching her on television before spotting the speck of bone that turned out to be the intact skull.
Similar endeavours have turned up subterranean treasures during digs in other cities.
Workers at a San Diego construction site found fossils including parts of a mammoth and a grey whale and multiple layers of ancient seashells.
Last year, crews working on a development near Boston's seaport uncovered a 50-foot (15-meter) wooden boat possibly dating as far back as the late 18th century.
Lindsey praised California's efforts to ensure science and urban development overlap, while bemoaning what bygone treasures may have been lost before the regulations went into place in the early 1970s.
"Most of the past is below the ground, so you're only going to find it when you dig," she said. "As the city grows, I'm sure we'll find more exciting fossil material."
The Associated Press
WASHINGTON — RJ Cole scored 24 points with five rebounds and eight assists and Howard beat Florida A&M 83-80 in overtime on Saturday.
The Bison (7-17, 4-4 MEAC) led all overtime and a Dalique Mingo layup and two free throws by Charles Williams helped them take an 80-74 edge. FAMU's Desmond Williams cut it to 82-80 from the line with 29 seconds to go but Justin Ravenel missed a 3-pointer in the final seconds.
Charles Williams added 22 points and five rebounds for the Bison who are on a four-game win streak. Mingo had 12 points and six rebounds.
After a back-and-forth first half, 3-pointers by Cole and Charles Williams gave Howard a 56-49 lead with 11:21 to go in regulation. FAMU fought back, outscoring the Bison 12-2 in the final 5:25, and a Desmond Williams layup tied the game 74-all. Cole, Charles Williams and Mingo missed four shots in the final 18 seconds, forcing the overtime.
March 31 GET Holdings Ltd
* Kuang hao kun giovanni has resigned as an executive director, chairman
* Get holdings ltd - hung yvonne, an executive director and chief executive officer of company, has been appointed as acting chairman Source text (bit.ly/2nqRRVP) Further company coverage:
SANTIAGO, April 5 Freeport McMoRan Inc is awaiting final details on a temporary export permit in Indonesia, which would end a 12-week ban that has cost the world's biggest publicly traded copper company nearly $1 billion in lost revenues, its top executives told Reuters in an interview on Wednesday.
"With the short-term arrangement, we'll start ramping production back up to feed our mill 100 percent," said Chief Financial Officer Kathleen Quirk referring to Freeport's Grasberg mine.
"It shouldn't take very long, we're talking weeks," she said, alongside Chief Executive Officer Richard Adkerson, on the sidelines of the CRU World Copper Conference in Santiago. (Reporting by Mitra Taj in Santiago, writing by Susan Taylor in Toronto in Vancouver; Editing by David Gregorio)
Tottenham Hotspur's attacking midfielder Erik Lamela will miss the rest of the season with a hip injury and is set to have surgery on Saturday to rectify the persistent problem.
The 25-year-old Argentina international, who joined from AS Roma in 2013, has not featured since October and, with two years left on his contract, has been linked with Inter Milan.
"Erik Lamela is to undergo surgery on his hip on Saturday. This will result in Erik returning to action next season," the Premier League club said in a statement on Wednesday.
"Following extensive consultation with specialists, surgery has been agreed by all as the best course of action."
Lamela, who had travelled to his former club Roma in January in a bid to accelerate his recovery from injury, has scored two goals in 14 appearances this season.
"The Argentina international has undergone a comprehensive rehabilitation process following the injury in November," the London club added.
"The player has achieved a good level of function, however he has been unable to reach the stage required to make a full return to training."
Tottenham, who are second in the league, will be without injured England duo, left back Danny Rose and striker Harry Kane, when they visit 13th-placed Burnley on Saturday.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru; editing by Ken Ferris)
EUGENE, Ore. — Sabrina Ionescu had 28 points and 11 assists to lead No. 6 Oregon to a 91-54 victory over No. 25 California on Friday night.
Ruthy Hebard added 18 points and 11 rebounds for the Ducks (21-3, 10-1 Pac-12), who have won 13 of their last 14 games. Ionescu's double-double was her 11th of the season and helped Oregon to its largest margin of victory in a conference game this season.
Jaelyn Brown led the Golden Bears (15-7, 6-5) with 14 points and Alaysia Styles added 12. Kristine Anigwe, California's leading scorer at 17.5 points per game, had just six to go with eight rebounds.
After a sluggish first quarter, Oregon pulled away with a 10-0 run in the second to take a 46-29 lead at the break. Ionescu had 15 points in the first half.
The Ducks dominated inside with a 40-28 rebound margin and 20-10 edge in second-chance points.
Ionescu was 9 of 13 from the field and 4 of 7 from 3-point range as Oregon finished 34 of 66 overall for 51.5 per cent. The Golden Bears shot 21 of 55 for 38.2 per cent.
BIG PICTURE
Oregon improved the nation's best home record to 14-0 after being bumped off the No. 4 line for the top seed in the Spokane Region by Notre Dame in Thursday's latest reveal by the NCAA selection committee. The Ducks are now fifth, with UConn, Mississippi State and Louisville holding the top three spots.
California, which is trying to reach the NCAA Tournament for the sixth time in Lindsay Gottlieb's seventh season as coach, is 0-7 against top 25 teams and 0-2 against the top 10. The Golden Bears face their eighth ranked team Sunday at Oregon State.
UP NEXT
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Mario Batali is giving up oversight of the daily operations at his restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York, part of Vox Media, reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three of whom worked for Batali. The women, who were not named in the Eater story, claim that Batali engaged in behavior including groping one's chest and grabbing one from behind and holding her tightly against his body.
In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said that the complaints "match up" with his past behavior.
"I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family," Batali said.
Advertisement
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behavior by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that he was reprimanded and required to attend training.
Batali will also take leave from his ABC cooking show, "The Chew."
"We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention," the network said Monday. "ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct."
The allegations against Batali are just the latest in a series of incidents that include Harvey Weinstein, Kevin Spacey, Louis C.K., Matt Lauer, resignations in the U.S. House and Senate and calls again for President Donald Trump to address sexual misconduct allegations that he's faced. Last week Time magazine named the "silence breakers," those that have shared their stories about sexual assault and harassment, as Person of the Year.
The 57-year-old Batali was well known in culinary circles, taking jobs early in his career as a sous chef at the Four Seasons in Santa Barbara and San Francisco.
His career took off after opening Po in New York City in the early 1990s, and he skyrocketed to fame with the airing of "Molto Mario," a show that ran on the Food Network for eight years, until 2004. It was there that his signature look, a fleece vest, shorts, and orange Crocs, became instantly recognizable to most people.
The Food Network, which was planning to relaunch "Molto Mario," said Monday that it was placing its plans on hold. "Food Network takes matters like this very seriously," the network said in a statement.
Batali also co-owns restaurants in a handful of cities. The Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group owns or operates several restaurants, including Babbo in New York, Carnevino Italian Steakhouse in Las Vegas and Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles. It's also a partner in Eataly, an Italian food hall and grocer, which has locations in New York, Chicago and Boston.
Batali has long been socially active. The Mario Batali Foundation advocates child nutrition. He has come out forcefully against hydraulic fracturing, a method used to extract oil and gas.
___
Joseph Pisani in New York contributed to this report.
As I go about my work of helping communities revitalize and reinvent themselves, I often get to see the best of America and I'm reminded that the foundations that built this country are still just as important today.
It's long been said that America is all about rugged individualism, and that is true to some extent. Yes, being as self-sufficient as you can be is an admirable trait, but it only takes one so far. People need people in order to really live, and nowhere is that more true than in communities.
Back when our ancestors landed on our shores, they didn't head off into the woods to build a log cabin single-handed. No, they banded together in small communities. They worked together, struggled together, cried together and celebrated together. They shared what they had when they could — and expected others to do the same for them when they needed help.
Early Americans had to live this way. Otherwise, they would never have survived in this unfamiliar, unforgiving land.
Today, something very similar is happening. We're in the middle of a massive community revitalization movement. Across America, cities and towns of all sizes are looking to reinvent themselves after a long, hard recession and several chaotic decades that turned their world upside town.
For many communities, globalization and technology reshuffled the deck. Much like our forefathers, people found themselves lost in uncharted territory. Jobs disappeared. Unemployment skyrocketed. Infrastructure crumbled. Once-bustling downtown deteriorates. Young people moved away in search of better lives (and who can blame them).
Now, we've collectively decided to look homeward. We've decided to bring our communities back from the brink. And we're not doing it as a nation of rugged individuals. We're doing it in small, tight-knit groups as we embrace the spirit of cooperation, collaboration, and partnership.
Community leaders, business owners, and citizens are deeply engaged and working together to breathe new life into our downtown. We're encouraging entrepreneurs to start new ventures. We're choosing to eat, drink, play, and shop locally. We're showing up at street festivals, volunteering, and supporting the institutions that feed, educate, and heal our community.
As I look to communities that are thriving, one thing is for certain. We are still the land of opportunity. People are finding they can still start a business, make a living, and provide jobs to others. While a strong local government is part of every vibrant community, in most cases private industry is the backbone. Thriving local business communities lead to long-term prosperity.
So here's what I believe: Real independence is about working hard, playing hard, building strong relationships with family and friends, and being happy in the place we've put down our roots. It's about choosing the kind of life we want to live. For the most part, this can exist only in the context of community.
This Independence Day, I hope you'll take a moment to be grateful for your community and reflect on what you might do to make it better. Get involved. Find a cause that speaks to you. Share your ideas. Join together with like-minded neighbors and work to make something happen.
The spirit of community is the spirit that built America. And it's what will rebuild us as we work together to create our future.
THEIR VIEW
By Quint Studer Contributing columnist
Quint Studer is author of “Building a Vibrant Community” and founder of Pensacola's Studer Community Institute, a nonprofit organization focused on improving the community's quality of life and moving Escambia and Santa Rosa counties forward. He is a businessman, a visionary, an entrepreneur, and a mentor to many. He currently serves as the Entrepreneur-in-Residence at the University of West Florida. For more information, visit www.vibrantcommunityblueprint.com and www.studeri.org.
Quint Studer is author of “Building a Vibrant Community” and founder of Pensacola's Studer Community Institute, a nonprofit organization focused on improving the community's quality of life and moving Escambia and Santa Rosa counties forward. He is a businessman, a visionary, an entrepreneur, and a mentor to many. He currently serves as the Entrepreneur-in-Residence at the University of West Florida. For more information, visit www.vibrantcommunityblueprint.com and www.studeri.org.
MAPLE CREEK, SASK.—Tonight, we'll sleep in an old sheep wagon and a converted grain truck at Ghostown Blues, but they've been retrofitted with beds, electricity and Wi-Fi, so we're not exactly roughing it. The truck, dubbed the Cowgirl Deluxe, even has air conditioning, along with a display of battered licence plates and a longhorn cow skull. The quilts, blankets and wooden furniture are pure old-timey Western, but there's nothing kitschy about this unique bed and breakfast. Ghostown Blues, on a quiet piece of land on the outskirts of Maple Creek, is a living love letter to the Old West.
It's stinking hot in southwestern Saskatchewan and most of our fellow guests are sitting on their decks watching the resident dogs Molly and Brewer romp and the sun set.
“Please join us in welcoming friends and neighbours,” reads a sign outside the office that lists the names of the people booked into the three wagons, four cabins and one truck. It's unnerving at first to see your first and last name made public in these anonymous times, but we aren't running from the law, so we roll with it and make small talk.
My husband grew up on a sheep farm about three hours away in Alberta, so lays claim to the tiny sheep wagon, sharing the double bed with our 4-year-old son. Our 9-year-old daughter and I spread out in the truck, me on the double bed and her in the single “bunkhouse” over the cab of the truck. She's young enough to giggle at the sign that warns “no spurs in bed.”
We could have booked a cabin and all slept together, but how many people get to say they've slept in a sheep wagon or grain truck? We can't use the fire pit (the whole area's under a fire ban), but there's a communal barbecue and outdoor kitchen and breakfast the next morning is inside the main lodge, a converted church that doubles as a music venue.
On the lodge walls are posters for the Red Ants Pants Music Festival, a Montana event that we love, and Ghostown Blues reminds us of our honeymoon at the Shack Up Inn, a collection of restored sharecropper cabins near Clarksdale, Miss.
We promise to join the ranks of Ghostown regulars who keep coming back until they've stayed in all eight “rooms.”
Maybe it's because I get enough of the big city in Toronto, but when I travel, I gravitate to small towns, looking for just enough places to eat, drink and explore without crowds or lineups.
Maple Creek, population 2,000, is perfect. We had excellent old-school Chinese food at BC Café (just beating a lunchtime lineup), lattes and warm biscuits at the Daily Grind, a swim at the town pool and a shopping trip along the main street.
We daytripped to Fort Walsh, a National Historic Site and former North-West Mounted Police fort. The T.rex Discovery Centre in Eastend was fun and Jack's Café is a picture-perfect small town gathering place. There's never enough time to do everything, so we missed out on the area's biggest draw — Cypress Hills Interprovincial Park, with a lake, resort, mini golf and ziplines.
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
FILE PHOTO: A barber shaves the face of a customer at a makeshift barber shop beside a street in Shenyang, Liaoning province, China, December 4, 2015. REUTERS/Sheng Li/File Photo
French hair dresser Eric Constantino (R ) washes his staff's hair during a demonstration at a photo opportunity at his shop in Beijing April 24, 2013. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
BEIJING Activity in China's service sector expanded at its weakest pace in six months in March, hurt by slower growth in new orders and intensifying cost pressures, a private survey showed, painting a less rosy picture of a sector that Beijing is counting on to maintain economic momentum.
The Caixin/Markit services purchasing managers' index (PMI) for March fell to 52.2 from February's 52.6, but remained above the 50-level that separates expansion from contraction.
The survey of largely medium- and small-sized firms showed activity at its lowest since September 2016.
The result contrasted with official surveys showing services PMI growth for March accelerating at the fastest pace in almost three years, and manufacturing activity unexpectedly expanding at the quickest rate in nearly 5 years last month.
In Thursday's private services survey subdued business demand pulled down the headline PMI index. There are concerns China's real estate sector - a big growth-driver for sectors from construction to banking - could become a drag on the broader economy as they were hit with fresh waves of housing policy curbs in mid-March.
The new business sub-component slipped 1.1 percentage points to 52.2 in March, the weakest demand for China's service providers since September 2016.
"Weaker increases in new business have clouded the economic outlook, and investors should watch closely for signs of a turning point in the second quarter," Zhengsheng Zhong, Director of Macroeconomic Analysis at CEBM Group said in a note.
Lukewarm growth may also suggest consumers in the world's second-largest economy are cutting back on spending, highlighted by disappointing revenue reports at some of the nation's top consumer firms.
Retail sales growth was well below expectations in the first two months of the year as auto sales dipped.
Cost pressures also rose sharply as input prices soared to their highest point in more than four years, although firms were able to pass on part of the costs to customers with a modest increase in prices charged.
A number of companies linked rising cost to higher salary payments, the survey said.
While the overall readings in the private survey were far from alarming, the underlying results backed analysts' cautious view on the outlook for the economy.
In particular, economists believe the construction rally, largely driven by a furious property boom since last year, may have peaked. Indeed, official data on Friday showed new construction orders dropped to the lowest since August 2016.
On top of the stepped-up curbs on the property sector, Beijing has also started to tighten policy settings to temper risks from a rapid build-up in debt.
Caixin's composite manufacturing and services PMI, also released on Thursday, reinforced the patchy growth underpinned by weaker demand in March, with the index falling to 52.1 from the previous month's 52.6.
"The Chinese economy continued to expand in March, but growth in both manufacturing and services slowed," CEBM Group's Zhong said, referring to the private survey.
Both the Caixin services and composite readings showed service providers and manufacturers continued to add jobs last month, but the pace was moderating.
(Reporting by Yawen Chen and Nicholas Heath; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
NEW YORK, March 31 Wall Street fell on Friday, pulled down by Exxon Mobil Corp and JPMorgan Chase & Co as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market's lofty valuations.
Based on the latest available data, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 65.13 points, or 0.31 percent, to 20,663.36, the S&P 500 lost 5.36 points, or 0.23 percent, to 2,362.7 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 2.61 points, or 0.04 percent, to 5,911.74. (Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
ZURICH (Reuters) - Roche (ROG.S) Chairman Christoph Franz remains confident the Swiss drugmaker can offset revenue declines from patent expired medicines with new drugs, according to an interview published on Sunday in the Swiss newspaper NZZ am Sonntag.
FILE PHOTO: FILE PHOTO: Swiss drugmaker Roche's logo is seen at their headquarters in Basel, Switzerland January 28, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
“When I look at the number of medicines we have launched over the past two years, then we're on the right track,” Franz told the newspaper. “We've had six medicines approved by regulators over this time period.”
Among the drugs Franz includes in this group are multiple sclerosis drug Ocrevus, cancer immunotherapy Tecentriq and hemophilia medicine Hemlibra, all of which are expected to have peak sales of well over $1 billion annually.
Roche is counting on these and other medicines to help replace revenue from its $20 billion-per-year trio of Avastin, Herceptin and Rituxan whose patents have expired or will shortly, exposing them to cheaper competition.
Franz also told the newspaper that the United States, where prices for drugs are among the world's highest, is supporting the bulk of the research and development cost for new, innovative drugs.
Asked if U.S. President Donald Trump's pledge this year to tackle high drug prices will have an impact, Franz acknowledged that there could be a hit to the “innovation premium” that U.S. insurers and other funders pay for new drugs in America.
Radical changes to the model governing how medicines are reimbursed in the United States would likely lead to job cuts, he said.
“To put it bluntly, if the Americans were to adopt the Swiss price system, Roche would have to cut thousands of research jobs, also in Switzerland,” Franz said.
The sign of AkzoNobel is pictured at its headquarters in Amsterdam February 6, 2014. REUTERS/Toussaint Kluiters/United Photos
AMSTERDAM A rebel shareholder in Akzo Nobel (AKZO.AS) threatened the Dutch paint maker with legal action on Wednesday after the company said it would reject any proposal for a vote on dismissing its chairman at a shareholders' meeting.
Fund manager Elliott Advisors is one of a group of shareholders who want to oust Chairman Antony Burgmans, an opponent of U.S. rival PPG Industries' (PPG.N) attempt to take over the company.
Elliott, one of Akzo's largest shareholders, had earlier said it, together with other investors, had the 10 percent support needed under Dutch law to call an extraordinary shareholders' meeting to vote on Burgmans' dismissal.
"Shareholders have a legal right under Dutch law to put a proposal to dismiss Mr. Burgmans onto the EGM agenda," Elliott said in a statement in response to what it called Akzo's "inexplicable" refusal. It said it was prepared to take the matter to the Dutch courts.
But a person familiar with Akzo's thinking, who did not wish to be named, disputed that shareholders have such a legal right.
Elliott and other investors have pushed Akzo to hold talks with U.S. coatings manufacturer PPG after the Dutch company rejected a sweetened 22.4 billion euro ($24 billion) cash-and-stock proposal from PPG last month.
Akzo has declined, instead touting an alternative plan to spin off its chemicals arm, representing about a third of its operations.
"We fail to see how Akzo Nobel could have a meaningful discussion with shareholders about its plans for a potential separation of the specialty chemicals business while the alternative of a transaction with PPG is being effectively disregarded from the outset," Elliott said in a letter sent to the company's management on Wednesday.
"We believe the boards are wilfully ignoring the interests of stakeholders in this respect and that they are acting in a self-entrenching and obstructive manner."
STAKEHOLDER INTERESTS
"The view of the supervisory board is that the removal of Mr. Burgmans would be irresponsible, disproportionate, damaging and not in the best interest of the company, its shareholders and other stakeholders," the company said in a statement earlier on Wednesday.
An EGM takes around eight weeks to prepare. Akzo plans a meeting with shareholders on April 19 in London to explain its plans to spin off its chemicals business rather than agreeing to PPG's offer, worth 90.59 euros at current share prices.
Akzo shares closed 0.7 percent lower at 78.54 euros on Wednesday, the gap to the offer price signaling many investors are skeptical PPG's bid will ultimately succeed.
Most investors and analysts doubt Akzo's plan can rival in financial terms what PPG is willing to pay.
However Akzo CEO Ton Buechner has argued his plan is better for "all stakeholders" including employees, customers, and the environment.
Pittsburgh-based PPG says that is not true and Akzo should enter talks to better understand the benefits that would flow to those stakeholders from its own proposal.
(Reporting by Alan Charlish in Gdynia and Toby Sterling and Thomas Escritt in Amsterdam; Editing by Keith Weir and Susan Fenton)
SOCHI, Russia — Once a critic of Neymar's antics, Brazil coach Tite now defends the demeanour of his team's star.
"Winning or losing is part of the game," Tite said in 2012 after coaching Corinthians in a match against Santos and Neymar. "But to pretend and try to take advantage, that's not part of the game. That's a bad example for a kid, for my son, for those who are going to watch this and think that it's good to take advantage of others."
Neymar had been accused of faking an injury in the game, and video of Tite's criticism was widely viewed.
Mexico coach Juan Carlos Osorio criticized Neymar — without mentioning his name — after the striker writhed in apparent agony after Miguel Layun stepped on an ankle, then quickly recovered as if no incident had occurred during the 2-0, round-of-16 win over El Tri.
"We wasted a lot of time because of one single player," Osorio said. "I think this is a real shame for football, especially for kids who are watching because this has to be a sport of virility, of determination, a man's sport, like other games, and not a charade."
Neymar was asked to respond to Osorio, but Tite intervened before Neymar could start talking during the news conference. Tite said hierarchy must be respected in soccer. He said only coaches would answer to coaches, and players would respond only to players.
Neymar was being defended by many in Brazil, especially because he has been playing well and is helping the team succeed at the World Cup, but he continued to be loudly criticized internationally for his antics.
The 26-year-old Paris Saint-Germain forward said some people were trying to gain attention by going after him. Others were attempting to undermine him, he said.
"I don't care much for criticism," Neymar said after the Mexico match. "Not even for praise sometimes, because that can affect a player's mind. I only need to play football. I need to help my teammates, help my team. That's why I'm here. I came here to win."
Tite hadn't been the first manager to criticize Neymar in Brazil.
TORONTO — The Toronto Argonauts have acquired quarterback James Franklin and a third-round selection in the 2018 CFL Draft from the Edmonton Eskimos in exchange for Canadian offensive lineman Mason Woods.
Franklin has made 12 appearances over three seasons in Edmonton, completing 116-of-176 pass attempts for 1,449 yards, 12 touchdowns, and one interception while rushing for 145 yards and one touchdown on 18 carries.
Woods, from Maple Ridge, B.C., was selected by the Toronto Argonauts in the first round (10th overall) of the 2017 CFL draft. Woods attended University of Idaho from 2013 - 2016 where he appeared in 34 games.
By The Canadian Press
Satellites forewarn of locust plagues
by Staff Writers
Paris (ESA) Jun 14, 2017
Soil moisture data from the SMOS satellite and the MODIS instrument acquired between July and October 2016 were used by isardSAT and CIRAD to create this map showing areas with favourable locust swarming conditions (in red) during the November 2016 outbreak.
Satellites are helping to predict favourable conditions for desert locusts to swarm, which poses a threat to agricultural production and, subsequently, livelihoods and food security.
Desert locusts are a type of grasshopper found primarily in the Sahara, across the Arabian Peninsula and into India. The insect is usually harmless, but when they swarm they can migrate across long distances and cause widespread crop damage.
During the 2003-05 plague in West Africa, more than eight million people were affected. Up to 100% losses were reported on cereals, 90% on legumes and 85% on pasture. It took nearly $600 million and 13 million litres of pesticide to bring the plague under control.
Swarming occurs when a period of drought is followed by good rains and rapid vegetation growth. These conditions trigger a period of abundant breeding and overcrowding, and the increased contact with other locusts can lead to the formation of large swarms. This behaviour makes locusts more dangerous than grasshoppers.
A 1 sq km swarm contains about 40 million locusts, which eat the same amount of food in one day as about 35 000 people. In other words, a swarm the size of the capital of Mali or the capital of Niger will eat the same amount of food as half the entire population of the respective country.
Satellites can monitor the conditions that can lead to swarming locusts, such as soil moisture and green vegetation. ESA recently teamed up with international partners from Algeria, France, Mali, Mauritania, Morocco, Spain and the UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) to test how data from satellites such as ESA's Soil Moisture and Ocean Salinity mission - or SMOS - can be used to predict locust plagues.
"At FAO, we have a decades-long track record of forecasting plagues and working closely with countries at greatest risk to implement control measures," said Keith Cressman, FAO's Senior Locust Forecasting Officer.
"By bringing our expertise together with ESA's satellite capabilities we can significantly improve timely and accurate forecasting. Early warning means countries can act swiftly to control a potential outbreak and prevent massive food losses."
The SMOS satellite captures images of 'brightness temperature' that correspond to radiation emitted from Earth's surface, which can be used to gain information on soil moisture at a resolution of 50 km per pixel.
By combining this information with medium-resolution coverage from the MODIS instrument on NASA's Aqua and Terra satellites, the team downscaled SMOS soil moisture to a resolution of 1 km per pixel. The measurements were then used to create maps showing areas with favourable locust swarming conditions about 70 days ahead of the November 2016 outbreak in Mauritania.
In the past, satellite-based locust forecasts were derived from information on green vegetation, meaning the favourable conditions for locust swarms were already present. This allowed for a warning period of only one month.
Information on soil moisture, on the other hand, indicates how much water is available for eventual vegetation growth and favourable locust breeding conditions, and can therefore forecast the presence of locusts 2-3 months in advance. The additional time is essential for the local national authorities to organise preventive measures.
"I use the data products to understand the current situation, as well as the evolution of locust outbreaks," said Ahmed Salem Benahi, Chief Information Officer for Mauritania's National Centre for Locust Control.
"We now have the possibility to see the risk of a locust outbreak one to two months in advance, which helps us to better establish preventive control."
While the current data products are based on the SMOS and MODIS missions, information from the Copernicus Sentinel-3 mission will soon be integrated to ensure the long-term availability of the locust warnings.
The team is also working on a similar product downscaling SMOS soil moisture with Sentinel-1 observations, which will allow a further increase of resolution to 100 m.
Washington (UPI) Jun 8, 2017
New satellite images from the Global Precipitation Measurement mission offers a visualization of the extreme rainfall that has accumulated in Florida over the past week. GPM is a joint mission between NASA and Japan's space agency JAXA. It consists of a GPM core observatory satellite and a constellation of cooperating probes. As the GPM core observatory satellite passed above Sou ... read more
Related Links
(Repeats article first published on Sunday. No changes to text.)
* Sale of up to $5 bln stake kicks off this week
* Foreign ownership limited to 49 pct
* Sabeco offers access to fast-growing Vietnam market
* Thai Bev seen as strong contender - sources
* AB InBev, Japanese brewers also keen - sources
By Anshuman Daga and Martinne Geller
SINGAPORE/LONDON, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Brewing groups including Thai Beverage, Anheuser-Busch InBev and Kirin Holdings are gearing up to bid for a stake in Vietnam's largest brewer, Sabeco, people familiar with the matter said, with the $5 billion sale process by the government opening this week.
The auction of up to 54 percent of Sabeco, in what is set to be Vietnam's biggest privatisation, offers brewers access to a fast-growing market with a youthful population and beer drinking culture.
Sabeco is seen as attractive as assets are scarce in a highly consolidated global beer market.
Thai Bev, controlled by tycoon Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi, is shaping up as a strong contender, the people said, as it is familiar with the Vietnam system and sees Sabeco as key to expanding outside its home market.
“They have been around this situation for many years and are very keen to get this asset,” said one of the people, none of whom wanted to be named as they are not authorised to speak to the media.
Last month, a Thai Bev unit bought a 49 percent stake in a Vietnamese company which, the people said, could be used as a vehicle to bid for Sabeco as a domestic player, giving it an advantage over international rivals.
Thai Bev had no immediate comment, but said in October it was keen to grow through acquisitions in markets such as Vietnam. Firms controlled by Sirivadhanabhakdi also hold a 19 percent stake in Vietnam's Vinamilk.
A spokeswoman for AB InBev, the world's biggest brewer, said the company was committed to Vietnam and to growing its business for the long-term. A spokesman for Japan's Kirin said it was carefully considering its options.
Other potential bidders include Asahi Group Holdings , San Miguel and Heineken, though several people said Heineken already had a strong business in Vietnam and could sit out an expensive auction that values Sabeco at about 36 times core earnings - more than double the trading multiples of around 15 for some global brewers, according to Reuters data.
Heineken, which already owns 5 percent of Sabeco, did not respond to requests for comment.
Asahi could not be immediately reached for comment, but the Japanese firm's president told Reuters in September it was studying Sabeco.
San Miguel's president Ramon Ang said the Philippine conglomerate was interested to bid for Sabeco. Kirin owns around half of its affiliate San Miguel Brewery.
The Sabeco auction is on Dec. 18, and bidders who are keen to own a stake equal to 25 percent or more of Sabeco's shares need to inform local authorities a week before the auction.
OWNERSHIP CAP
Foreign ownership in Sabeco is limited to 49 percent.
That means overseas bidders can only bid for a minority stake of as much as 39 percent as foreign entities already own 10 percent.
Lack of control could put off some possible bidders, the people said.
“Having control of the business is very important for these international brewers because the multiple is very high. If you're going to pay that much you want to be able to institute your plans,” said one of the people, who expected international firms to sell their own premium beers like Budweiser, Heineken and Kirin through Sabeco's distribution network, in addition to Sabeco's beers, which include the Bia Saigon and 333 brands.
Vietnam's Ministry of Industry and Trade, which represents state shares in Sabeco, said foreign investors can link with Vietnamese firms to buy Sabeco shares, but have to comply with local laws and regulations.
Sabeco's share price has nearly tripled since its listing a year ago, with analysts citing a small float as inflating its market value.
The brewer's sky-high valuations and a complicated sale process could pose challenges for some potential bidders, the people said.
The Sabeco sale could also set the pace for peer Habeco , in which Danish brewer Carlsberg A/S owns 17.3 percent. (Reporting by Anshuman Daga and Martinne Geller, with additional reporting by Mai Nguyen in HANOI, Neil Jerome Morales in MANILA, Chayut Setboonsarng in BANGKOK and Junko Fujita in TOKYO; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
NASA Selects Three Companies to Develop 'FabLab' Prototypes
by Staff Writers
Washington DC (SPX) Dec 11, 2017
NASA is taking the next step in the development of a space-based, on-demand fabrication capability by partnering with three U.S. companies, under NASA's Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships (NextSTEP) program, to create prototypes.
The selected companies are: Interlog Corporation of Anaheim, California; Techshot, Inc. of Greeneville, Indiana; and Tethers Unlimited, Inc. of Bothell, Washington. Combined funding for the awards is approximately $10.2 million.
These companies will have 18 months to deliver the prototype, after which NASA will select partners to further mature the technologies.
Earlier this year, NASA sought proposals for ground-based prototypes of a multi-material fabrication lab, or FabLab, under Appendix B of the NextSTEP-2 Broad Agency Announcement. With these new partnerships, the agency is prepared to take the effort to the next level.
"NASA is challenging industry partners to expand possibilities for making, repairing and recycling items in space," said Niki Werkheiser, lead for in-space manufacturing at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama.
"The FabLab prototypes will provide valuable insights and help lay the foundation for meaningful on-demand manufacturing capabilities needed for sustainable human spaceflight missions."
FabLab is part of a broad agency strategy and series of investments managed by NASA's Advanced Exploration Systems Division and Space Technology Mission Directorate to advance key technology capability areas.
Washington DC (SPX) Dec 07, 2017
Researchers using CT scans and 3-D printing have created accurate, custom-designed prosthetic replacements for damaged parts of the middle ear, according to a study being presented today at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA). The technique has the potential to improve a surgical procedure that often fails because of incorrectly sized prosthetic implants, resea ... read more
Related Links
MEXICO CITY, March 29 Mexican mining, rail and infrastructure firm Grupo Mexico said on Wednesday its planned takeover of Florida East Coast Railway would allow the company to expand its exposure to the U.S. rail freight and dollarized markets.
In an analyst call, Grupo Mexico executives said they expected the $2.1 billion deal, which is subject to government approval, to close within 60-90 days.
They added that the company was always open to new acquisition opportunities, but had no imminent plans for a long-delayed initial public offering of its rail unit. (Reporting by Gabriel Stargardter and Veroinca Gomez)
MADRID Atletico Madrid's Antoine Griezmann demonstrated his importance to the Spanish club when his lightning pace forced a penalty that gave his side a crucial 1-0 victory over Leicester City in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday.
Griezmann, who finished third in the Ballon d'Or voting last year, has carried Atletico at times this season and it was his break that set up the penalty that he then converted past Kasper Schmeichel.
It was his 24th goal of the season, five of which have come in the Champions League, the competition Atletico are desperate to win having finished as runners-up twice in three years.
"He's a fabulous player," Atletico coach Diego Simeone said of the French international. "He's a complete player, you don't even know his position anymore, he's all over the pitch.
"He's everywhere. He can work in midfield, assist like asecond striker and score like a striker.
"He's still growing, of course, but he's having a great end to the season and is taking responsibility in accordance with his status in the team."
The 26-year-old, who is frequently linked with a move away from the Vicente Calderon, caused problems all over the pitch, with the Leicester defence working at full capacity to prevent him doing any more damage.
Leicester manager Craig Shakespeare said he had to tinker with his team's set-up to shackle the dangerous forward, who Simeone has given the licence to roam.
"We made changes at half-time to control Griezmann more as he was getting too much space between the lines," he said.
(Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Britain Football Soccer - Arsenal v Manchester City - Premier League - Emirates Stadium - 2/4/17 Arsenal players look dejected after Manchester City's Sergio Aguero scores their second goal Reuters / Eddie Keogh Livepic
ARSENAL 2 MANCHESTER CITY 2
April 2 Arsenal twice came from behind to draw 2-2 with Manchester City in a tense Premier League encounter on Sunday and stay seven points behind the fourth-placed visitors.
Leroy Sané and Sergio Aguero twice fired City into the lead in the first half, but Arsenal equalised through Theo Walcott before Shkodran Mustafi's header after the break ensured the points were shared.
Against a background of fan discontent over the form of Arsene Wenger's side as he decides his future, Arsenal were nervy from the start.
They fell behind in the fifth minute when Sane rounded keeper David Ospina and finished elegantly after Arsenal's defence was dissected by a sublime through-ball from the excellent Kevin De Bruyne for his 13th assist of the season.
City lost impetus after the goal and Walcott levelled from close range in the 40th minute after being played onside by Arsenal old boy Gael Clichy, who tried desperately to make amends after his former teammate was played in by Mustafi.
"We didn't play in the first half, after the goal we forgot to play," Pep Guardiola told Sky Sports. "The desire went.
"In the second half we played more. We suffered a lot in the first half because we didn't make those passes together."
While the defensive frailties of both sides were regularly exposed, they also demonstrated their attacking brilliance in spells.
Pep Guardiola's first season in England has not been an unqualified success, but he has succeeded in giving City one of the Premier League's sleekest attacks, and Arsenal's equaliser spurred the visitors back to life.
Aguero restored City's lead two minutes later after being picked out by David Silva before finishing with aplomb.
Arsenal defender Mustafi again restored parity eight minutes after the break when he rose above Nicolas Otamendi to head Mesut Ozil's corner past keeper Willy Caballero with City's defence static.
"The test was mental," Wenger told Sky Sports. "We had to come back after half time and we got a point after a time that has been so stressful for us."
The draw takes City, who visit Chelsea on Wednesday, on to 58 points, five clear of fifth-placed Manchester United, who have a game in hand, and a point behind Liverpool, who have played a game more than Pep Guardiola's side.
Arsenal, in sixth, now have 51 points and are in danger of missing out on a top-four finish for the first time since 1996. They will bid to end a three-game winless streak in the Premier League when they host West Ham United on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Ed Dove; Editing by Ken Ferris and Clare Lovell)
April 10 Australian government takeovers panel :
* Panel has received application from grandbridge , trandcorp pty and david breeze in relation to affairs of mec resources
* Sitting panel has not been appointed at this stage and no decision has been made whether to conduct proceedings
* Applicants seek interim order preventing mec resources from issuing any shares under the rights issue pending order of panel Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
- As noted, Sasha Banks vs. RAW Women's Champion Alexa Bliss is now official for Sunday's WWE SummerSlam pay-per-view after Sasha defeated Nia Jax on tonight's go-home RAW. In the video above, Bliss talks to Charly Caruso and says Sasha has already tried to take the title multiple times but she failed. Bliss says The Boss is going to need a lot more than some hometown cheer to get through a match with her at SummerSlam. Bliss ends the video by wishing Banks good luck.
Neville tweeted the following after losing the WWE Cruiserweight Title to Akira Tozawa on tonight's RAW from Boston:
NO — KING (@WWENeville) August 15, 2017
- Tonight's RAW saw Big Cass, Luke Gallows and Karl Anderson attack Big Show for an injury angle going into the Cass vs. Show match at SummerSlam on Sunday. As noted, that match will see Enzo Amore suspended above the ring in a shark cage. It was noted on RAW that Show suffered a broken hand in the beatdown but he said he will still wrestle the match. Show tweeted the following after the angle:
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
VIENNA, April 15 South American trade bloc Mercosur plans to sign a trade agreement with the European Union this year, the president of Argentina, which holds the rotating presidency of Mercosur, said in an interview published on Saturday.
The comments by Argentine President Mauricio Macri appeared to confirm remarks by Brazil's foreign minister, who told Reuters last month that the members of Mercosur - Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay and Paraguay - would sign a framework political deal with the EU this year.
"We firmly intend to sign an agreement in the second half of this year," Macri said in an interview with Swiss newspaper Neue Zuercher Zeitung. He did not elaborate on the nature of the agreement.
"We also want to move towards the Pacific alliance comprised of Chile, Columbia and Mexico. It won't happen immediately and will take a couple of years," he said, adding that he believed the continent agreed on the need for closer cooperation.
Macri said he would also seek to use a meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump in Washington this month to improve ties with the United States.
Relations between the two countries were seriously damaged by Argentina's $100 billion debt default in 2002 and have improved since Macri, who like Trump worked as a businessman before entering politics, took office in 2015.
"Argentina barely has relations with the USA anymore. There is a great deal we could improve and hardly anything we could make worse," Macri said. (Reporting by Francois Murphy; Editing by Alison Williams)
BURLINGTON: COLLISION QEW Toronto bound at Brant - 2 vehicles, left lane blocked, 6:15 a.m.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
HSR SERVICE ADVISORIES: @HsrNow @HSR
BURLINGTON TRANSIT:
Burlington Transit riders can call 905-639-0550, enter bus stop ID # and get real-time bus arrival
GO BUS AND TRAIN SERVICES: Live train and bus service updates this morning
TODAY'S GAS PRICES:
GasBuddy.com is reporting the average price of gas in the Hamilton area at 131.7 The lowest posted price in Hamilton is at Ancaster's Costco is 122.4
---------------------------------------------------------------------
TODAY'S WEATHER:
Sunny. High 32 except 26 near Lake Ontario. Humidex 38. UV index 9 or very high. Tonight, clear. Low 22.
Source: Environment Canada
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
EVENT ROAD CLOSURES:
HAMILTON:
AREAS UNDER CONSTRUCTION: click here to see Hamilton - Corridor Activities Map
HAMILTON: Mohawk Road between Upper Kenilworth and Moxley avenues restricted to temporary two lane traffic with closures as required. Road and sewer work.
ANCASTER: Garner Road East from Glancaster Road to Southcote Road, closed for the summer to install a trunk sewer and new water main. The closer is expected to start May 7 and continue to August 24. Note: Businesses to stay open READ MORE
HAMILTON: Rymal road between Garth and West 5th streets, lane restrictions in place until December 2018. HSR will stay on route but delays may be experienced.
BINBROOK: Regional Road 56 between Golf Club Road and Guyatt Road, lane restrictions begin Monday, March 26 to November 2018. Reduced to one lane with temporary signals. Sewer tunnel work.
HAMILTON: James Street South northbound between Young and Hunter streets, construction continues to August 2018.
HAMILTON: Highland Road West between Upper Red Hill Valley Parkway and Winterberrry, closed March 26 to Nov. 1, 2018. Road urbanization.
BURLINGTON: Elizabeth Street will be closed for the duration of the Bridgewater Development to allow for construction staging. Northerly access to Waterfront parking lot will remain open.
BURLINGTON SKYWAY BRIDGE: QEW from Eastport to North Shore, recurring maintenance.
Linde Group logo is seen at company building before the annual news conference in Munich, Germany March 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lukas Barth
FRANKFURT The chairman of German industrial gases group Linde (LING.DE) is prepared to use his casting vote to push through a $65 billion merger with U.S. rival Praxair (PX.N) in the face of worker opposition, he told the Financial Times.
Linde's labor representatives told Reuters last week they planned to vote against the deal, which they fear will entail significant job losses in Europe to achieve $1 billion in synergies, and a loss of influence over strategy.
Labor controls half the seats on the supervisory board, which will have to approve the deal once the terms are finalised in the next month or so - but Chairman Wolfgang Reitzle can cast a double vote in the case of a deadlock.
"Yes, I'm willing to do that," he told the FT in a comment published on Monday.
Linde shares were up 1.4 percent by 0820 GMT on Monday, the top-gainer in the German blue chip index .GDAXI, which was 0.2 percent higher.
Reitzle is the driving force behind the planned all-share merger of equals, which would reunite a global Linde group split by the First World War a century ago. It is the second attempt by the two companies to agree a deal.
Chief Executive Aldo Belloni told the FT his role was to provide better communication to workers about the deal, not to grant further concessions.
Belloni was brought out of retirement by Reitzle to head Linde after the breakdown of the first attempt to merge with Praxair led to the departure of the then-CEO and finance chief.
Linde's supervisory board is set to meet on Thursday. It will not yet vote on the merger as the terms are still being negotiated.
(Reporting by Georgina Prodhan; editing by Susan Thomas)
Feuerstein, who is also one of the show's six executive producers (as well as its co-creator), based "9JKL" on his own recent experience of moving back in with his parents. While giving journalists a tour of the show's set this summer, a reporter asked if there was a reason that the characters' Jewishness goes unmentioned -- was there some desire to downplay it, in a current climate of anger and hate? (Or is it more like a "Goldbergs" thing, in which the ABC comedy coasted for a couple of seasons on an implied Jewishness, until the Goldbergs finally celebrated Hanukkah?) If a show seems in every way about Jews but also seems to assiduously avoid saying so, what is the non-Jewish viewer supposed to think -- that it's too hot to bring up in the touchy, temperamentally divisive America of 2017?
According to a transcript of the set visit, Feuerstein said he expected "9JKL" to be more direct about the Roberts family's faith in later episodes. "I am very proud to be a Jew," he said. "I'm very happy to say to you that, yes, this family is Jewish. And we will take our time with how we treat those issues."
This might be more germane if "9JKL" felt like the sort of sitcom with staying power (TV critic's rule of thumb: whenever David Walton is in the cast, it's a subliminal cry for cancellation), or if the show could somehow convey a sense of television's long, interesting history with Jewish New Yorkers and the fabulous apartments they've lived in. Entire theses, after all, have been written about the significance of sitcom living arrangements. Sadly, the show gets off to a dreadful non-start. Old pros like Lavin and Gould are given no choice but to play their parts way, way over the top, because their characters have been brushed far too broadly, with jokes that are beyond stale.
To drop Jill Soloway's Emmy-winning, consistently superb Amazon dramedy "Transparent" into a discussion of "9JKL" seems rather unfair -- like comparing the smartest kid in the class to the dumbest.
Yet here they are, the success of one surprisingly relevant to the failure of the other (and each featuring parents who dote on a Joshie), with "Transparent" furthering its proud and frank exploration of how being transgender might closely and eerily mirror the outsider experience of being an American Jew.
In season 4, now streaming, Maura Pfefferman (Jeffrey Tambor) is invited to speak at a gender conference in Tel Aviv; her youngest daughter, Ali (Gaby Hoffman), decides to tag along at the last minute. On the way to catch their flight at LAX, Maura softly sings a calming line from "Everything's Alright," a Mary Magdalene number from the 1970 rock opera "Jesus Christ Superstar," an album Ali subconsciously recalls hearing from as far back as the womb. "Oh my God," she says, recognizing the tune. "You guys were obsessed with that."
After nibbling one of Ali's pot candies to relax herself, Maura has a humiliating experience in airport security, set to the raucous section of "Superstar" in which Jesus confronts the money-changers at the Temple of Jerusalem; Maura hallucinates an image of Ali sailing through TSA on the arms of men in Orthodox dress. The scene is at once hilarious, disturbing and sublime -- and among "Transparent's" finest.
In Israel, Maura and Ali make a startling family discovery that lures the rest of the Pfefferman clan to join them -- daughter Sarah (Amy Landecker) and her husband Len (Rob Huebel); son Josh (Jay Duplass); Maura's ex-wife Shelly (Judith Light) and Maura's sister Bryna (Jenny O'Hara). On a bus tour that includes the Wailing Wall and the Dead Sea, the family experiences another series of self-realizations, while snippets of the "Superstar" soundtrack ("What's the Buzz?"; "I Don't Know How to Love Him") rattle around in their heads. Ali, who continuously opens new doors to her own sense of identity, parts ways with her family to visit Palestinian friends, with eye-opening results.
Though the episodes in this season are short (careful, or you'll blow through all 10 in one sitting), a viewer can sense that "Transparent" is nearing a conclusion -- if not literally, then at least thematically, as far as its Jewish/trans dialogue goes. The Pfeffermans will continue to have their hang-ups, problems and assorted issues, but what's striking now is the way Maura has become a peaceful, gravitational centre in the lives of her family and friends. She has made it home in every sense of the word, and everything's all right.
“9JKL” (30 minutes) airs Monday at 8:30 p.m. on CBS and Global.
“Transparent” (Season 4, 10 episodes) is available on Amazon.
Washington Post
NEW YORK — Rev your engines, comedy fans: Jerry Seinfeld is hitting the road again.
The TV legend is back behind the wheel for a 10th season of "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee," streaming on Netflix Friday. The show, which moves from Sony Crackle, centres on lively conversations between Seinfeld and fellow comedians as they drive around in classic vehicles and stop for cups of java.
The new batch of 12 episodes, which range from 15 to 20 minutes, features a star-studded guest roster including Dave Chappelle, John Mulaney, Alec Baldwin and Tracy Morgan. Seinfeld, 64, chatted about his favourite guests, politics and why he won't have U.S. President Donald Trump on the show.
Question: Who were you most excited to invite on the show this season?
Jerry Seinfeld: Jerry Lewis, who was an idol of mine from childhood. Kate McKinnon, who I'm kind of obsessed with, because she's an incredibly talented person. Zach Galifianakis and I collided: We took his show, "Between Two Ferns," and my show and crashed them together, so that was really fun. It was like "The Munsters" go visit "The Addams Family."
Q: Which make better guests: good friends, or comedians you're less familiar with but get to know?
Seinfeld: They're both good. I had Ellen DeGeneres, who I knew in the early 1980s and hadn't seen in many years, so it was great to see her again. It's fun to see somebody that you knew from the early knockaround days and go, "Hey, congratulations. You made it."
Q: Who's on your wish list?
Seinfeld: I really want to have Jamie Foxx on the show next season. I'm a huge fan of his — he started as a standup. I bumped into him at this event the other night and was reminded of how incredibly funny he is. He does so many other things that you forget he's really a comic.
Q: You've said many times that you don't like getting political in your comedy -
