NBC has reportedly canceled “The Biggest Loser.”
The weight loss reality show debuted in October 2004 but won't be back this fall, the Daily Mail reported on Tuesday, citing court documents involving the show's doctor, Robert Huizenga.
The show has been under fire for its tough approach in pushing contestants to drop pounds.
A rep for NBC said no “Loser” episodes are in production, and there is “no update at this time about a future season.”
A British teen admitted he tried to hack into the computers of several high-ranking officials in the US, including the heads of the CIA and FBI.
Kane Gamble pleaded guilty Friday to 10 charges against him in Leicester crown court, the Guardian reported.
The 18-year-old targeted then-CIA Director John Brennon and former FBI Deputy Director Mark Giuliano, as well as Avril Haines, who served as deputy national security adviser under President Obama's administration, and Obama's former science and technology adviser John Holdren.
Eight of the charges were for performing a function with intent to secure unauthorized access to the computers. Two counts were for unauthorized modification of computer material.
Gamble, from Leicestershire, will be sentenced Dec. 15.
Huge crowd attends 'Gooch' book launch ahead of Late Late appearance 06 October 2017
Former Kerry star Colm Cooper and inset his autobiography 'Gooch'. Former Kerry star Colm Cooper and inset his autobiography 'Gooch'.
An estimated 800 people attended the launch of Colm Cooper's autobiography Gooch in the Gleneagle Hotel, Killarney last night.
Pat O'Shea, who has managed Cooper to All-Ireland successes at both club and inter-county level, and helped to launch the book, described him as "the greatest footballer in the history of the GAA". Published by Transworld, the autobiography is available from all good bookshops.
The Kerry great will appear on The Late Late Show tonight to publicise the book before returning to Killarney to line out for Dr Crokes against West Kerry in tomorrow's Kerry SFC semi-final.
Here's a video from the book launch at the Gleneagle Hotel last night...
Youtube credit: Jill St John Harrington
JUNEAU, Alaska — An Alaska lawmaker is resigning after being accused of hitting a woman during a night of drinking last month, the second rural Alaska representative to leave office under a cloud in recent months.
The resignation of first-term Democratic state Rep. Zach Fansler of Bethel was announced on the House floor Friday and will be effective Feb. 12.
Zach Fansler Mark Thiessen / AP file
Fansler had faced pressure to resign from House leaders for nearly a week, since the Juneau Empire reported last Saturday that a woman had accused him of hitting her shortly before the legislative session began last month.
House leaders had already reassigned Fansler's staff and asked that he turn in his office keys.
House Speaker Bryce Edgmon told reporters he had spoken with Fansler "at least a couple of times" this week and made it clear that the caucus continued to seek his resignation.
Edgmon said Fansler did good work as a legislator and it's been a difficult issue for Fansler, the caucus and Fansler's district.
Fansler's attorney, Wally Tetlow of Anchorage, on Saturday said his client denied the allegations against him. Tetlow has not returned messages since then.
Fansler's departure will mean there will be another vacancy in the House. He is the second member in two months to resign from the House majority coalition, which is comprised largely of Democrats.
Related: Here's a list of political figures accused of sexual misconduct
In December, another first-term representative, Democrat Dean Westlake of Kotzebue, resigned after being accused by female aides of unwanted touching and inappropriate comments. Westlake has said he's sorry if he made anyone uncomfortable.
Westlake's replacement took office on Wednesday.
Think about the most successful, widely scaled networks that let us function in today's world. No I'm not talking about internet service providers, I mean the Really, Really Big Networks. The ones that without which modern civilization would be very different. The telephone system. Intermodal containerized shipping. Air traffic control. And they all have one vitally important enabling element that made them all scalable: a Control Layer that is not intrinsic to the electronic or physical streams that make up the network traffic. For phones, it's Signalling System 7, which has managed to run the world of voice calls for decades. For intermodal shipping, it's container manifests. For aviation, it's ATC. And they truly do, run the globe.
What is a Control Layer?
In the analog era, telephone calls were “switched” using tones that were sent along the same wires that handled the calls. This was known as in-band signalling. While usable with the technology of the day, they were fraught with issues that included easy faking of the signals to get free international calls (known as “phreaking”), inability to change the path that a call could take once it was in progress, no direct association with billing or tariffing, and other problems. When it came time to deregulate the traditionally government-run phone companies, and thus lay the framework for the plethora of corporations that provide the bulk of phone service today, the business and technological elements of call-handling had to evolve. That led to SS7. Among its key tenets are the moving of the control over calls, billing and routing, into a control layer that is separate from the calls themselves. This allows calls to be switched “on the fly” between carriers, inter-company billing and many other features became enabled by this shift to out-of-band (as its known) signaling.
Shipping containers arrived with out-of-band signalling as well
In the early 1960's with a growing world population, an ever-increasing appetite for food and goods from international sources (largely fostered during World War II as troops went abroad), and the rise of computerized inventory and supply chain handling, the idea of having vessels, trucks and train cars built for specific types of cargo wasn't going to scale with demand. So some enterprising folks came up with the standardized shipping container that we know today. That moved the command and control over how and where goods are routed, into a control layer based on paper and eventually fully electronic manifests – instead of the ship captains. This led to tremendous flexibility and cost-efficiencies. Without these, it would be hard to envision Walmart and then Amazon rising at the rates they have.
So went the airlines
Another advent seeded during WWII was the idea of global jet travel. The public had witnessed the start of globalization, and at the same time, pressurized aircraft (initially, high-altitude bombers) powered by jet engines become possible. With this radical increase in speed, range and passenger carrying capacity, coupled with the shift in passenger air travel from water-based to land-based terminals, demanded that the control of where and when the aircraft moved, needed to get out of the cockpit and into a ‘network' which became ATC. It's not as efficient as it could be, but ATC has been fundamentally safe and reliable, and scaled continually, for many decades (noting that it does have to evolve once again, to accommodate the upcoming plethora of unmanned aircraft that are indeed coming).
Now it's time for the IoT to have its Control Layer
The quantity of information already being produced by the IoT, or less abstractly, machine-generated data (MGD), is truly staggering and showing no signs of lessening. In fact, if you take imagery, especially consumer-generated video, out of the equation, MGD already exceeds what humans have produced since the beginning of time. We are fast approaching the “needs to scale” tipping point that telephony, global logistics and aviation experienced. There are characteristics of MGD that make it a lot more akin to these “physical world” networks than what we've been experiencing with the rise of say, social media. For starters, this is the data that could get someone killed. Road sensor data might cause all of the lights in a city to turn red. Or open the floodgates of a dam. Or switch a train. Plus there can be potentially diverse uses for the same data. In addition to changing the traffic signals, the same stream of MGD might be utilized in actuarial calculations to price insurance premiums, or provide the edge to a quantitative analyst in a hedge fund.
With IoT data, context matters
Given the seriousness of MGD/IoT data use-cases like those above, it's critical that the user (be it a person, company, government agency or a fleet of robots) be provided with as much contextual information as possible. This can include provenance ala identifying the source in specifics such as make and type of sensors, literal context i.e. where the sensors are situated (e.g. inside a moving vehicle, attached to power poles, etc.) and whether the source-devices are maintained and calibrated. All of this bounding information is found, and ideally conveyed, outside of the data streams themselves. Tracking provenance and keeping the control layer separate also have key security advantages. Yet most IoT implementations today don't provide such a control layer.
Metadata is the control layer for the IoT
Standards efforts are underway to establish the equivalent of SS7/Container Manifests/ATC for the IoT. Unlike this successful schema, achieving this for MGD encounters many more variables than almost anything dealt with before. Early examples of out-of-band signalling for MGD are within vertical industry sectors. These need to give way to a universal format for describing sensors, data provenance, regulatory and compliance issues, and of course, monetization, in a control layer. In software terms this is defined and carried in metadata. It's time to start contemplating how all of this will impact you and your organization. Rest assured, it's going to touch every industry, within and between. Watch This Space.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Arsene Wenger praises the performances of debutants Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrikh Mkhitaryan after a 5-1 victory over Everton.
MATCH REPORT: Aubameyang scores as Arsenal put five past Everton
Watch highlights on Match of the Day, Saturday 3 February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — A spurned applicant for a medical marijuana grower's license has announced plans for a 2018 Ohio ballot issue to legalize the sale and possession of marijuana.
The proposal by Jimmy Gould, CEO of CannAscend, would make growing, processing, possessing, selling and using marijuana legal.
Gould says the “Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol” amendment will be on the ballot next fall. He says it would keep the existing medical marijuana program in place.
Gould has criticized the state Department of Commerce for hiring a consultant with a drug conviction to help select Ohio's medical marijuana growers.
Gould said at a Monday news conference the selection system was flawed by incompetence and favoritism.
A message was left with the Commerce Department, which has rejected Gould's claims.
School is getting out. Summer and sunshine are on their way. Here we offer a variety of books to entertain and inspire those who have been liberated from classrooms from preschools to high schools.
“I Really Want to see you, Grandma” by Taro Gomi ((Chronicle Books, $16.99, ages 3-5)
A delightful mix-up occurs when Grandma and a granddaughter who really want to see one another continually miss each other as they travel in opposite directions. The colorful illustrations add to the merriment.
“Doll-E 1.0” by Shanda McCloskey (Little, Brown and Company, $17.99, ages 4-8)
McCloskey has written a spot-on book for the tech-savvy generation. It's the story of an inventive child who loves technology and can repair anything that's charged. So when she receives a doll, she is thoroughly bewildered. What can it do? The lively and humorous illustrations were done with pencil, watercolor and Photoshop edited.
The Chinese Emperor's New Clothes” by Ying Chang Compestine, illustrated by David Roberts (Abrams Books for Young Readers $17.99, ages 6-9)
The author gives us an original and delightful twist on a familiar tale. This time, the emperor is a 9-year old boy troubled by dishonest ministers seeking to take advantage of him and the widespread poverty outside his palace window. With the help of willing tailors, the young emperor rights the wrongs confronting him. Roberts' watercolor and pen and ink illustrations lend a whimsical charm to Compestine's version.
“Irving Berlin, The Immigrant Boy Who Made America Sing” by Nancy Churnin, illustrated by James Rey Sanchez (Creston Books, #!7.99, Ages, 7-10)
Irving Berlin's life sings in this beautifully illustrated, crisply told biography. Churnin tell us how and why he came to this country at age 5, escaping a pogrom in Tsarist Russia. She writes about the financial struggles when his father dies, his beginnings as a songwriter and how his songs captured the love of his adopted country and won the hearts of the American people. An author's note and timeline fill in biographical data. The exuberant art work captures the flavor and the rhythms of early 20th-century New York City.
“The Tale of Angelino Brown” by David Almond, illustrated by Alex T. Smith (Candlewick Press, $16.99, ages 8-12)
The story of an angel who arrives in a British school bus driver's pocket is charming, accompanied by witty pencil drawings. In this beautifully executed novel, it takes children to teach their elders how to believe in the impossible and to find joy in life. This is one of Almond's best and is bound to become a beloved classic.
“Merci Suarez Changes Gears” by Meg Medina (Candlewick Press, $16.99, ages 9-12)
In this intergenerational novel of a Cuban family living in Florida, Merci must navigate middle school difficulties and the alarming escalation of Alzheimer's disease in Lolo, her beloved grandfather. The story is written with heart and humor.
“Martin Rising, Requiem for a King” by Andrea Davis Pinkney, illustrated by Brian Pinkney (Scholastic, $19.99, ages 9-12)
This is a stunning tribute to a 20th-century hero fighting indefatigably for justice and equal rights for African Americans. The Pinkneys eloquently present this historic true story and show how it continues to influence all our lives. Written in lyrical free-verse, it covers Martin Luther King Jr.'s life, tragic death and the legacy he leaves. Brian Pinkney's art work employs abstract expressionism done with watercolor gouache and India ink. Author and artist have made a distinguished contribution to American history. The book materials include a time link, a bibliography and a brief narrative with photographs about the march for civil rights.
“The Astonishing Color of After” by Emily X. R. Pan (Little, Brown and Company, $18.99, ages 12 up)
In this astonishing debut novel, when Leigh mourns the death of her mother, she's convinced that a large red bird is trying to communicate with her. Its insistent message ultimately brings her to Taiwan to meet her maternal grandparents for the first time. What is magic? What is real? What is imagined? The poetic prose weaves a heart-rending story.
“Hell and High Water” by Tanya Landman (Candlewick Press, $17.99, ages 13-16)
This superbly crafted and marvelously written historical fiction won the Carnegie Medal for British author Landman, who is known for focusing on those who are disenfranchised. I couldn't put this fascinating novel down. In the 18th century, young Caleb sees his father falsely accused for a crime he did not commit and hauled off to jail. He is determined to return honor to is father's name. Landman effectively evokes the racial prejudice against Caleb, who is black, and depicts the 18th-century British class distinctions in which the rich get richer and the poor more downtrodden. It's a story of a biracial family that must struggle to survive. Evil chicanery is at work. But so is justice.
“The Summer of Broken Things” by Margaret Peterson Haddix (Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers ( $17.99, ages 13-17)
Haddix's engrossing novel is written with compassion and complexity. Two girls who seemingly have nothing in common are thrown together for a summer in Spain. But when a startling secret is revealed, their worlds are irrevocably altered. There's suspense and conflict, and above all, a new view of what a family means.
Ínvictus” by Ryan Graudin (Little, Brown and Company, $18.99, ages 15 up)
If you are a sci-fi time travel fan, this fast-paced highly original novel with danger, thrills and a dash of romance will keep you engrossed this summer. Seventeen-year old Farway has an unknown birthdate, and as he chases plunder from catastrophes in the past, there are dire consequences. Jump on for this for a time travel treat.
Joanna H. Kraus is Professor Emerita of the State University of New York, an award-winning playwright and an author of children's books. Visit her website at www.joannakraus.com .
Late Friday afternoon, Sylvan Lake-Innisfail MLA announced his resignation on Twitter. The Twitter announcement follows a press release from the United Conservative Party that MacIntyre has left the caucus.
The Twitter account states he is retiring from politics to “focus on our family.”
Hi folks. Resigning from politics today to focus on our family. Thanks everyone! #AbLeg #ucp — Don MacIntyre (@Don_MacIntyre) February 2, 2018
United Conservative Leader Jason Kenney only said the MLA was leaving the caucus.
“At approximately noon today Don MacIntyre resigned from the United Conservative Caucus,” Kenney said in a statement.
The politicial party is prohibited from further comment at this time due to a court order, according to a post on Twitter.
“Upon the advice of legal council, a court order prohibits us from commenting further at this time,” the UPC's Twitter account says.
Upon the advice of legal council, a court order prohibits us from commenting further at this time. #ableg pic.twitter.com/67xRuFz4nn — UCP (@UCPCaucus) February 3, 2018
More on this story as it continues to evolve.
GRAND FORKS, N.D. (April 24, 2018) — After parting ways with Jimco Motorsports last month Mark Dobmeier now has solid plans for the 2018 season and beyond.
Dobmeier announced Monday the formation of Mark Dobmeier Racing, LLC. Dobmeier has struck an agreement Blazin' Racing LLC to acquire their race equipment, semi, and trailer to form Team 13 Racing. In addition Dobmeier will retain backing from Buffalo Wild Wings and has teamed up again with Dave and Jamie Lundstra for the new effort.
Team 13 Racing is scheduled to make their debut May 11th at River City Speedway.
Last week, a video of a young fan getting an Odell Beckham Jr., jersey for Christmas went viral and ultimately caught the attention of Beckham himself.
When I tell u it's these moments that make everything worth it, the ups and downs of life in general. The drama and unnecessary bs i go through on a daily basis. I just wanna thank God for being able to impact lives, young man get this jersey to me somehow. I'll make sure to sign it for u. Truly truly blessed. #HappyHolidays A video posted by Odell Beckham Jr (@obj) on Dec 26, 2016 at 4:00pm PST
And for good reason. The young fan's reaction was fantastic, and Beckham was so moved by the video that he wanted to track down the young fan to sign the jersey. On Sunday, he fulfilled that promise.
The fan's father posted a video to Instagram of Beckham meeting the young fan and signing the jersey.
🙏🏾 A video posted by 8 E Y E (@8eyejb) on Jan 2, 2017 at 6:27am PST
In a separate post, he wrote:
The things that drive me would drive you crazy.. salute to @Obj again for making my sons first football game the experience of a lifetime.
Celtics star Kyrie Irving says that Kobe Bryant is one of the people he reached out to when his future with the Cavaliers became uncertain last summer. He thought he might get traded to the Suns and wanted Bryant's advice on how to deal with playing on a struggling team, per The Washington Post‘s Tim Bontemps.
Irving told Bontemps that Bryant was “super proud” of him after the Cavs traded him to the Celtics, and he also shared what he has learned from the Lakers legend.
“Despite what was going on from the outside influences and what everyone else felt was best for him, [Bryant] always did what was best for his career for himself,” Irving said. “He figured it out. At times throughout a professional career you're going to be tested, and there are times where you're going try to appease the media, you try to appease your teammates, you try to appease the coaching staff, whoever, whatever situation you are in, you try to kind of blend in. “The best thing I learned from him is you don't necessarily have to blend in. You can stand out.”
While Bryant spent his entire 20 years in the NBA playing for the Lakers, he considered signing with other teams and tried pushing the franchise to trade him at points in his career.
Irving and the Cavs actually went through with it, and 25-year-old is doing alright now. He's averaging 24.9 points and five assists per game, and the Celtics are No. 1 in the East, while his former team has dropped to third behind the Raptors.
Stocks are opening solidly higher on Wall Street as the market comes off its worst week since March.
Gains in technology companies and banks early Monday helped send indexes higher. Apple, Microsoft and Facebook each rose about 1 percent in the first few minutes of trading.
Bank of America was up 1.6 percent and JPMorgan Chase rose 1.1 percent.
Signs of anxiety in the market that flared last week were on the wane. Prices for bonds and gold fell.
The Standard & Poor's 500 rose 19 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,460.
The Dow Jones industrials rose 128 points, or 0.6 percent, to 21,988. The Nasdaq composite rose 59 points, or 1 percent, to 6,315.
Image copyright GMP/BBC Image caption "Mr Big" Paul Massey (left) and John Kinsella were both fatally shot
Three people have been arrested over the murders of notorious criminal figures Paul Massey and John Kinsella.
Massey, 55, was shot dead in 2015 and Kinsella, 53, from Rainhill, was fatally shot earlier this month.
A man, 37, was arrested at Manchester Airport on suspicion of both murders.
A man, 48, is being held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Massey and a woman, 39, was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender over the Kinsella murder, Greater Manchester Police said.
All three remain in custody for questioning.
Salford-born Massey, a security boss and businessman, was a convicted criminal once branded "Mr Big".
Kinsella was an underworld enforcer, said to have saved former Liverpool footballer Steven Gerrard from a gangster.
Police carried out dawn raids on Wednesday at addresses in the Heywood, Rochdale and Salford areas of Greater Manchester as well as in Cheshire as part of a joint operation between Greater Manchester Police (GMP) and Merseyside Police.
The families of the victims have been informed of the arrests, which are the first made in connection with each murder.
Det Ch Insp Carl Jones, of GMP, said although each murder has a separate investigation, "we will continue to liaise with colleagues from Merseyside Police".
Image caption Paul Massey was dubbed "Mr Big" at a meeting to discuss civil disturbances in 1992
Massey was killed by a masked gunman in "military-style" clothes outside his Salford home on 26 July 2015, police said.
Several witnesses saw the gunman approach the father-of-five at about 19:30 BST as he got out of his silver BMW at his home in Manchester Road.
Massey, jailed in 1999 for 14 years over a stabbing, unsuccessfully stood to be Salford mayor in 2012.
Kinsella was shot while walking his dog with his partner on a footpath near the St Helens Linkway near the M62 in Merseyside on 5 May.
His killer was on a mountain bike and fired the gun at his partner as she ran away from the scene, police said.
During a 2008 trial, Gerrard's father said in a letter that Kinsella stopped a gangster from threatening his son.
Paul Gerrard described Kinsella as a "fixer" who had intervened when the gangster, known as The Psycho, had threatened to shoot the former footballer in the legs in 2001.
Fear is back.
The burgeoning bludgeoning of large-cap U.S. technology stocks Monday -- largely driven by the Facebook data-misuse controversy -- has traders acutely anxious about the near-term outlook for the S&P 500 Index.
The VIX futures curve, whose contracts track the implied volatility of the benchmark U.S. stock index over time, is in backwardation. That is, March's contract is more expensive than the second-month contract, and so on out to September.
Generally, the VIX futures curve tends to slope upward -- called contango -- a tacit acknowledgment that the outlook for U.S. equities is generally more uncertain over long rather than short time periods. Backwardation in the curve is a telltale signal that the stock market is under stress.
During the market mayhem in early February, the spread between the front- and third-month contract blew out to its lowest level since 2009.
VIX Is in Backwardation! Here's Why and What It Means: QuickTake
QBE Insurance ANZ CIO Tony Forward has accepted redundancy, the result of a restructured of the company's executive.
The global insurer will bring together its regional technology and transformation teams into one business unit, the Chief Operations Office (COO).
“The new COO will better equip QBE to respond and adapt quickly to the changing needs and expectations of its customers, and will provide much clearer lines of accountability. The COO will have end to end responsibilities for the technology and business transformation,” the company said in a statement today.
The office will soon appoint a new chief information officer for the unit, “bringing together technology, data, transformation and business operations”.
To restructure resulted in Forward's departure, the company said. Head of Technology Val Matthews has been appointed acting CIO – beginning on March 29 – while an internal and external recruitment process is conducted.
“Given technology's intrinsic role in delivering on our business transformation, it also makes sense to have these functions aligned under the one business unit to drive greater focus and efficiencies,” CEO Vivek Bhatia said.
Forward has been CIO at QBE since January 2013, joining from IAG where he was head of direct insurance technology. He was previously CIO of the wealth management arm of Westpac, BT Financial.
Bhatia praised Forward's contribution during his tenure.
“Tony was instrumental in modernising our core policy and claims systems with the launch of Guidewire. He was also a sponsor and ally of the QBE Pride Committee, making QBE a more inclusive place to work. I wish him all the best in his future endeavours,” he said.
QBE also announced a new dedicated strategy team, responsible for “focusing energy on being a more innovative and a more customer-led organisation” which will report into the Chief Financial Office led by Inder Singh.
Part of the strategy team's role will be to drive the company's start-up collaboration efforts.
“We've already made great progress on the insurtech front, with the establishment of QBE Ventures globally, while locally, we're a founding partner of Insurtech Australia and recently joined Stone and Chalk's inaugural Insurtech Program, working with startups to solve specific customer needs,” Bhatia said.
“The general manager, strategy role will help drive that agenda in this market, as well as align with global counterparts to ensure we leverage our global footprint and expertise,” he added.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
A man who said he is the father of a white supremacist who attended the deadly rally in Charlottesville disavowed his son's "vile, hateful and racist rhetoric and actions" on Monday.
"My name is Pearce Tefft, and I am writing to all, with regards to my youngest son, Peter Tefft, an avowed white nationalist who has been featured in a number of local news stories over the last several months," Pearce Tefft wrote in a letter published on a North Dakota news site, Inforum.
Angie Wieck, Inforum's community editor, confirmed to BuzzFeed News that the letter was sent to them by Peter Tefft's father, Pearce Tefft.
"On Friday night, my son traveled to Charlottesville, Va., and was interviewed by a national news outlet while marching with reported white nationalists, who allegedly went on to kill a person," Pearce Tefft wrote. (James Fields was charged with the car attack, which happened after police tried to disperse the march.)
"I, along with all of his siblings and his entire family, wish to loudly repudiate my son's vile, hateful and racist rhetoric and actions," he said.
Pearce Tefft, who is from Fargo, North Dakota, wrote that Peter was no longer welcome at their family gatherings.
"I pray my prodigal son will renounce his hateful beliefs and return home. Then and only then will I lay out the feast," he said in the letter.
Peter Tefft, who identifies himself as a "pro-white activist" on Twitter, posted a photograph of himself standing at the Robert E. Lee statue which white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and alt-righters rallied to protect from possible removal in Charlottesville.
In a lengthy Facebook post about the violence sparked by to Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, Peter Tefft defended James Alex Fields Jr., the 20-year-old man accused of killing a woman after plowing his car into a group of people gathered to protest the white supremacist rally.
"Fatal crashes happen all the time, and it is clear that the young man's car was being attacked on all sides by a roving mob of Antifa when he slammed the gas pedal and accelerated," Peter Tefft wrote in the Facebook post on Sunday.
"He will be acquitted because his life was clearly in danger by Antifa," he wrote. Video of the incident does not suggest the car was under attack when it accelerated into the crowd, then backed out and fled.
Peter Tefft also blamed law enforcement and city officials for the violence in Charlottesville, but said that to Unite the Right rally was a success because it "legitimized our struggle."
"This is the beginning of the White Civil Rights movement," he wrote.
In his letter, Pearce Tefft said the family did not know where his son learned his white nationalist beliefs.
"I have taught all of my children that all men and women are created equal. That we must love each other all the same. Evidently Peter has chosen to unlearn these lessons, much to my and his family's heartbreak and distress," Pearce Tefft wrote. "We have been silent up until now, but now we see that this was a mistake. It was the silence of good people that allowed the Nazis to flourish the first time around, and it is the silence of good people that is allowing them to flourish now," he wrote.
His father said that none of his family members accepted his son's "twisted worldview."
"He once joked, 'The thing about us fascists is, it's not that we don't believe in freedom of speech. You can say whatever you want. We'll just throw you in an oven,'" Pearce Tefft wrote. "Peter, you will have to shovel our bodies into the oven, too. Please son, renounce the hate, accept and love all." Another family member also publicly repudiated Peter Tefft's "vile nazi ideology" in a Facebook post on Sunday. Jacob Scott, who appears to be Peter Tefft's nephew, wrote that Peter was not welcome in their homes or family gatherings and that until he renounced his beliefs, "we will have nothing to do with him or any of his putrid nazi friends."
Scott also demanded Peter Tefft to change his name immediately, claiming that several people were harassing his siblings and other relatives because of their presumed association.
In a statement to Inforum, Scott said that Peter's sister had been threatened at her workplace under the assumption that she endorsed Nazism. He said that some of their relatives in Hawaii, including a 13-year-old cousin, had apparently received threatening messages online.
"We are all bleeding-heart liberals who believe in the fundamental equality of all human beings," Scott told Inforum. "Peter is a maniac, who has turned away from all of us and gone down some insane internet rabbit-hole, and turned into a crazy nazi. He scares us all, we don't feel safe around him, and we don't know how he came to be this way."
In his Facebook post, Scott addressed Peter Tefft, saying, "Every one of us will resist you to our last breath, if you continue to fight to bring about the fascist America you so crave to see."
In a reply to a Twitter user, Peter Tefft appeared to respond to a question about his family's denouncement, saying "U bought it then? And leave my family alone or are they still guilty by association?"
BuzzFeed News has reached out to Pearce Tefft, Peter Tefft, and Jacob Scott.
Tasneem Nashrulla is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Tasneem Nashrulla at tasneem.nashrulla@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Aby Rosen won't let upcoming auction leave him homeless "I still have a 15-year lease on the property so it is not going to be so attractive to other buyers," he said.
First look at newly rebooted and renamed Four Seasons A restaurant called “the Four Seasons” will open a few blocks south of its original Seagram Building home later in 2017. But this season belongs to The Grill — the...
The new Four Seasons restaurant will be ready by Thanksgiving The new restaurant will have outdoor areas on both 48th and 49th streets.
Tommy Hilfiger is moving to Midtown Tommy Hilfiger is leaving Manhattan's Far West Side for a better fit in Midtown South. The apparel giant, a unit of PVH Corp., just signed a lease for 200,000 square...
George and Amal Clooney are moving to Midtown The luxury apartment building is expected to be completed next year.
Tom Ford to design uniforms for restaurant replacing Four Seasons The restaurant's being taken over by Carbone and Dirty French chefs Mario Carbone and Rich Torrisi, as well as Jeff Zalaznick.
Real-estate firm annoys neighbors with anti-Trump billboard Noho residents are disturbed by a seemingly anti-Trump billboard that was installed in the neighborhood last week by a top developer. The 4,000-square-foot sign, erected at a building site on...
Reports of homeless people to the city's 311 hot line more than doubled last year — but the city says it's because more workers are looking for them.
Calls and phone messages about homeless people swelled 106 percent, from 24,625 in 2015 to 50,783 last year, records show. More than half of last year's calls were the city's homeless-outreach workers reporting the presence of a homeless person, records show.
Canvassers report the location of homeless people on the 311 mobile app, which sends a report to the Department of Homeless Services. The agency is supposed to then deploy an outreach worker to the location.
Mayor de Blasio created the Homeless Outreach & Mobile Engagement Street Action Teams (HOME-STAT) program a year ago, and 2,738 canvassers made 26,737 reports to 311 in 2016, city records show.
Captain Wes Morgan is likely to return for Leicester to face Atletico Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final second leg.
The skipper has missed the last six games with a back injury, but is expected to feature to solve the Foxes' defensive problems, with fellow centre-back Robert Huth suspended with Leicester trailing 1-0 from the first leg.
Islam Slimani is struggling with a groin problem, while midfielder Nampalys Mendy is out with an ankle issue.
Leicester squad: Schmeichel, Hamer, Zieler, Simpson, Benalouane, Morgan, Fuchs, Chilwell, Drinkwater, King, Ndidi, Amartey, Albrighton, Mahrez, Gray, Musa, Ulloa, Slimani, Vardy, Okazaki.
These benefits scammers were caught thanks to dumb Facebook posts These idiots should serve as a warning to other would-be fraudsters: If you're scamming the system, don't post the proof on Facebook and other social media. Scores of former city...
Retired cop gets no-jail deal in Social Security scam A retired NYPD cop who scammed Social Security in order to collect hundreds of thousands in disability — all while he was relaxing and sail fishing in Costa Rica —...
Ex-cop at center of disability scam headed behind bars A 91-year-old ex-cop at the heart of a massive Social Security scam involving more than 120 retired NYPD cops and FDNY firefighters who raked in millions agreed to a plea...
Another ringleader in FDNY, NYPD disability scam pleads guilty Another ringleader of the widescale, multimillion-dollar Social Security disability scam copped a plea deal Friday that could involve testifying against his co-defendants. Retired NYPD officer John Minvera, 62, pleaded guilty...
Ringleader of 9/11 pension scam lands generous plea deal A ringleader of a massive Social Security scam involving retired NYPD and FDNY workers — some of whom lied that they were at Ground Zero to collect benefits — landed...
Worst of NYPD's pension scammers expected to plead guilty The worst of the city's accused pension scammers, a former NYPD cop who taught black-belt karate while collecting hundreds of thousands of dollars in disability checks, is expected to plead...
More arrested in FDNY, NYPD 9/11 pension scam A second wave of suspects was arrested Tuesday in a far-reaching disability-pension scheme that netted cops and firefighters accused of faking emotional trauma from 9/11, officials said. Sixteen of the...
More to be charged in 9/11 Social Security disability scam Another 28 NYPD and FDNY pension cheaters — including two sons of the alleged ringleaders of the massive Social Security disability scheme — will be swept up Tuesday in the...
2 plea deals in pension scam A former NYPD cop and an ex-city sanitation worker were the first to take plea deals after they were busted last month in a massive Social Security scam involving more...
AirPlay 2 isn't here yet, but with iOS 11.2.5 and iTunes 12.7.3, Apple snuck in new remote control capabilities for tvOS and, presumably, the upcoming HomePod. You may even have stumbled across these new features and wondered what they were!
In the iOS Control Center, press the media platter to reveal playback controls. If you have a fourth-generation Apple TV or Apple TV 4K, you should see a new lozenge under the normal playback controls; those with more than one Apple TV will see a lozenge for each. (Sorry, this new feature doesn't work with second- and third-generation Apple TVs). We're guessing that the HomePod will get its own lozenge too.
The lozenges appear regardless of whether you're playing anything on the associated device; they'll just say Not Playing if nothing is playing. Otherwise, each lozenge displays information about the media that's playing, and tapping the lozenge reveals media controls for that device.
In iTunes on the Mac, click the AirPlay button, and you'll see a list of Apple TVs under the Switch To heading.
Click one to make it so that the iTunes media controls manage that Apple TV's playback instead.
To switch back on either platform, follow these instructions again but choose the device itself instead of an Apple TV.
That's it! This new feature isn't earth-shattering, but it is a convenience for Apple TV users. I'll discuss these and other new features in my upcoming update to “Take Control of Apple TV,” which I just submitted for editing.
A YOUTUBER from Wrexham spread festive cheer by skiing through the streets of his home village, to the delight of residents.
Former Ysgol Morgan Llwyd student Simon Wilson, known for ‘blagging' his way into high profile events including the MTV European Music Awards last month, donned a Santa suit and skied his way through Rhos while being towed by a 4X4 over the weekend.
The stunt was part of a video for his Youtube channel and he said he was very pleased with the response the production has received.
Mr Wilson, 26, told the Leader: “The weather came and I have done a few crazy videos over the last few months. I thought I want to do something crazy in the snow so I gave this a whirl.
"It did take preparation but it snowed on the Friday and I thought – ‘I need to make this happen'.
"I had to find rope, a 4X4, a handle to hold onto and skis. It wasn't plain sailing but I rang around to see what people could give and I did find everything.
"The film was made by myself and my friend Joe Pye from Ponciau, who is a filmmaker, so while I was skiing he was the main one behind the camera.
"I have been skiing once when I was about 15 and in school but never since. I did have a few falls but it was great.
"Everyone was really warming and there were a lot of pictures and videos online before I'd even put my video up.
"Christmas is about having fun, and I wanted to have fun. I have made a lot of videos in America recently so it was nice to be able to do something on my doorstep."
Mr Wilson added he wished to thank those who had supported the video, including Leighton Brown, Harley Humphries and Jamie Jones who provided the 4X4.
The video had had 3,000 views on his Youtube channel and 6/7,000 views on his Facebook page.
To find out more visit Mr Wilson's YouTube channel at www.youtube.com/simonwilson12, Instagram at www.instagram.com/simonjwils or Facebook page at www.facebook.com/simonjwils.
ATLANTA — In the battle of the sore fingers, Steven Matz would appear ahead of Noah Syndergaard.
The lefty Matz avoided the disabled list on Wednesday, a day after leaving his start for the Mets in the fourth inning with soreness in the middle finger, the result of losing control of his bat while swinging — Matz hurled the bat toward the on-deck circle. Matz could potentially make his next start, according to manager Mickey Callaway, but his status won't be clear until he throws a bullpen session later in the week.
“All I know was it was good news: It wasn't a significant injury,” assistant general manager John Ricco said. “As to when he makes his next start, we will figure that out in the next couple of days.”
Syndergaard was placed on the disabled list Tuesday with a strained ligament in his right index finger, but is expected to throw a bullpen session this weekend, after which the Mets will evaluate whether he can return to the rotation.
The Mets' overhaul of the medical staff in the offseason — which included the addition of Jim Cavallini as the team's director of performance and sports science — hasn't produced the desired effect of keeping players off the disabled list, but Ricco said the organization is pleased with the process.
“Any time you look at injuries there's the collective and then you look at the individual and what's happened, what's preventable and what's not,” Ricco said. “That is the analysis we do and we're really happy with the thoroughness that is happening back there. You are not going to have overnight transition when you bring in new people and start new processes. It's going to take some time for some of that stuff to work.”
see also Mets bullpen mercifully has help on the way With their bullpen battered, the Mets are calling up a...
The Mets added bullpen depth by recalling lefty Buddy Baumann from Triple-A Las Vegas. In addition, right-hander Tim Peterson was selected from Las Vegas and right-hander Scott Copeland was selected from Double-A Binghamton. To clear space on the 40-man roster, P.J. Conlon was designated for assignment and Juan Lagares was transferred to the 60-day disabled list. The pitching additions left the Mets with a three-man bench for Wednesday's game.
Seth Lugo is expected to be limited to about 60 pitches for his start against the Cubs on Thursday at Citi Field. The right-hander pitched two innings of relief in the first game of Monday's doubleheader. He will be making his first start of the season.
In New Jersey, police are seeing a spike in mailbox thefts. Ida Siegal reports. (Published 41 minutes ago)
In New Jersey, police are seeing a spike in mailbox thefts. Ida Siegal reports. See More
Taxes, taxes, taxes. Why aren't seniors mentioned in the ongoing tax-reform debate? A group of us are wondering why not. We've come to a conclusion: We will pay almost double what we now pay if these proposals are passed.
One senior who gets a $25,000 pension and $10,000 from Social Security now pays taxes on $14,000, or roughly $1,400, at the 10 percent rate with deductions for the elderly and only a portion of Social Security being taxed.
The new proposal allows a $12,000 deduction and leaves $23,000 to be taxed at 12 percent, or a tax bill of $2,760. That's a $1,360 increase.
Tell me what senior can afford this, when some pay that amount for rent.
Retirement is supposed to the golden years. It seems to me these years will be tarnished by our government. They earn mega bucks and don't seem to care about seniors who voted them in.
Erma Gohn
Bethlehem
Brandi Worley was sentenced Monday to 120 years in prison. Montgomery County Sheriff's Office via AP
Adie Wagner tallied 7 points for the Bruins.
After bouncing back from its 75-55 loss to Fargo Davies, Shanley improved to 14-5 overall. South, which lost to Shanley 65-36 on Jan. 6, fell to 0-18 overall.
Fargo North 58, Valley City 44
VALLEY CITY, N.D.—Mary Sam scored 23 points to lead Fargo North to victory over Valley City 58-44.
Taryn Dieterle tallied nine points for Valley City.
North improves to 3-15 overall. Valley City, which beat North 64-54 on Jan. 6, falls to 2-15 overall.
Wahpeton 60, Fargo Davies 59
WAHPETON, N.D.—Destiny Garcia scored 22 points for Wahpeton in the team's 60-59 win over Fargo Davies.
Alyssa Paper recorded 19 points for Davies.
Wahpeton has now won 10 of its last 11 games, improving its record to 14-4 overall. Davies, which came off a 75-55 win against Fargo Shanley, falls to 13-5 overall.
Moorhead 71, Detroit Lakes 52
MOORHEAD—Brooke Tonsfeldt recorded a double-double with 23 points and 10 rebounds to lead Moorhead 71-52 over Detroit Lakes.
Emily Larson led the Lakers with 12 points.
Moorhead increased its winning streak to five games, improving to 17-6 overall. Detroit Lakes falls to 11-12 overall.
Hurricane season this year was rough on the economy: Harvey and Irma likely erased September job growth, and half of Puerto Rico is still without running water two weeks after Maria struck. A silver lining for Puerto Ricans could be the repeal of the Jones Act, which blocks ships from docking on the island unless they are American-built and operated, and has been temporarily lifted in the wake of the storm. If it were repealed entirely, increased competition from foreign ships would drive down prices of deliveries to the island and speed up the long recovery ahead, but could negatively effect Florida's shipping and shipbuilding industry. On another note, we discuss sexual harassment allegations against Harvey Weinstein with an editor who's been on the prominent movie producer's case for a long time.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Promotions were announced today within the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department.
Chief Bryan Roach made the announcement today in a public ceremony in the Chief's conference room.
Among those promoted were Chris Bailey to Deputy Chief of Investigations and Tom Sellas to Commander of Homeland Security.
Those promoted will be beginning their new command immediately.
A Russian warplane was shot down Saturday in Syria, according to a Russian state-run news agency.
The Russian Ministry of Defense confirmed one of its Su-25 warplanes was downed in Syria's Idlib province, state media outlet RIA Novosti reported. The ministry said the pilot was able to eject from the plane but died.
The Idlib Media Center, an anti-government activist group, posted images that purportedly show the plane's wreckage.
Militants shot down the plane in an area controlled by al Nusra Front rebels, according to the RIA Novosti report. Russia and Turkey, which is responsible for the de-escalation zone in Idlib, were taking measures to return the pilot's body, the defense ministry said.
Russian state-run news agency TASS reported that "according to preliminary information, the plane was shot down from a portable anti-aircraft missile system."
Witnesses said the pilot was taken from the crash site, according to Rami Abdel Rahman, director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group. It was unclear whether the pilot was alive or dead, he said.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime recently resumed airstrikes on rebel-held areas such as Idlib province in the country's northwest, prompting tens of thousands of civilians to flee their homes, according to UN officials.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
By Tom Blake
When Dana Point resident Michael McLeavy read “Delivering a Letter to Johnny Cash,” a column I wrote last month, he responded: “I enjoyed your column and thought you might get a kick out of how I met Elvis Presley, since Elvis was a friend of your friend Johnny Cash.”
Michael and I got together and compared stories about how he met Elvis and how I met Johnny, two great Tennessee singing legends.
Meeting Elvis was a life goal for Michael, who was born in Glasgow, Scotland, and was lead singer with a popular rock and roll group called “The Fireflies.” On July 3, 1965, he came to the United States to meet Elvis and to further his music career.
After Michael settled into the Los Angeles area, an acquaintance gave him the address in Bel Air where Elvis was living while filming a movie called Spin Out in Hollywood. One day, when the gates to the home were open, Michael walked through and knocked on the front door. A housekeeper answered.
Michael said to her, “I have come all the way from Scotland to meet Elvis.” The housekeeper explained that Elvis was in Memphis taking a break from filming, but she invited him into the home along with Richard Davies, one of Elvis's valets, who showed Michael around the house.
After Elvis returned to Los Angeles, Michael would occasionally stop by the Bel Air home to try to meet him. Michael had become friends with Davies, and two other friends of Elvis—Sonny West and Jerry Schilling. They told Michael to come by one night and that Elvis would meet him.
But Michael had borrowed a friend's car and had promised to return the car by 10 p.m. So, before Elvis came out, Michael had to leave. He had been so close to reaching his goal, which made him even more determined. Sonny West gave Michael the phone number of Tom Diskin, who worked for MGM Studios and knew Elvis' filming schedule.
Diskin also knew of Michael's story. He told Michael to go to the Ascot Motor Car Racing Track in Torrance the following Thursday at 8 a.m., where Elvis would be on location shooting the movie.
Michael was there, bright and early. He saw Elvis arrive in his Rolls-Royce. Sonny West took Michael to the set and gave him a seat next to where Elvis would be sitting.
Michael said, “You can imagine how I felt, that I was going to achieve my greatest ambition: to meeting the King of Rock N Roll. Soon, Sonny walked up with Elvis and introduced us. Elvis said, ‘Hi Mike, so glad you could make it.' He made me feel completely at ease. Elvis began talking about Scotland and how he had touched down at Prestwick Airport on his way home from the Army. He said he wanted me to stay there the entire day! It was incredible.
“At the end of the day, Elvis alone walked me to the gate entrance and said, ‘I hope you enjoyed the day. Best of luck, Mike.' I had spent eight hours talking with Elvis and watching him making a movie. I will never forget that ‘unreal day.'”
Six years later, on August 12, 1972, Michael went to see Elvis perform at the Hilton International Hotel in Las Vegas. Before the show, Michael saw Sonny West, who invited him backstage to meet with Elvis after the show. So, Michael got to be with Elvis a second time.
Michael has lived a fascinating life. In 1967, after living and working in Honolulu, he returned to LA to become a personal assistant for actor Laurence Harvey, who lived in Malibu.
Harvey hosted lots of splashy parties, and Michael got to meet many celebrities at the events, including Orson Wells, Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Burt Lancaster, Mia Farrow, Doris Day, Julie Andrews and Sharon Tate, with whom he became friends.
In 1970, Michael took a salesman position with New York Life Insurance Company at the L.A. Airport office. He was promoted to assistant manager in the Century City office and to general manager at the Laguna Hills office. He took early retirement and is now an independent entertainment professional.
Michael is a talented singer with three CDs to his credit, “Shopping Days,” “That's the Way It Was,” and “I Believe in the Man in the Sky.” Soon, he will be going to Nashville to record a new CD. While there, he said he'd visit the Johnny Cash Museum. His CDs are available on iTunes and www.cdbaby.com/cd/michaelmcleavy.
Michael has been in Dana Point since 1990 where he lives with his wife Linda and two cats, “Elvis & Priscilla” (of course).
Visit Michael McLeavy's Facebook page to learn more about this interesting Dana Point resident.
Tom Blake is a Dana Point resident and a former Dana Point businessman who has authored several books on middle-aged dating. See his websites at www.findingloveafter50.com; www.vicsta.com and www.travelafter55.com. To receive Tom's weekly online newsletter, sign up at www.findingloveafter50.com. Email: tompblake@gmail.com.
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that's plastered with Arabic signs, a Syrian refugee whips up his specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small, colorful cafe where he works.
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years, but has yet to learn much Turkish. He doesn't need to. This area is filled with fellow Syrians. He's paid in cash, under the table, and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society, he acknowledges.
"We've got Syrian supermarkets, Syrian restaurants — just like back home," says Hassan, 26. "I haven't even applied for a Turkish ID card. If peace comes to Syria, I'll go home tomorrow."
Nearby, a resident who describes herself as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul's Fatih Mosque says she no longer recognizes her neighborhood.
"Before, this area was only Turkish people, mostly. But now, here, there, everywhere, it's all Syrian people," says Tulay Suleyman, who was born here. "Some Turkish people, they don't like these [new] people. Their culture is a little bit different than ours. [They're] mostly ignorant people — homeless people, low-class."
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe. That has not been as big a problem in Turkey, even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined.
As in Europe, many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed, working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey's swelling black-market economy.
At first, when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011, the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits.
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly.
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year, Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment. But few have taken it.
One of the government's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut.
"There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [wages]," says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu. "We see what happened in Europe, and how the politics in Europe has changed after that."
Fearing a political backlash, Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees. The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks. But the roll-out has been slow.
Integrating Syrians is political too. They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. He's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship, but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks.
At an Istanbul municipal office, long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby. People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care, and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees.
One man yells and shakes with frustration. He says bureaucrats keep telling him to come back tomorrow. Turkey's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself, he says.
Behind the lobby's front desk, Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care. He's a Syrian refugee himself, and has worked here for four years — even though he only got a work permit two weeks ago.
"It makes me eligible for private health insurance, a pension and worker's compensation," says Osman, 33. "You've got to think ahead. We're not sure what's going to happen in Syria. We might have to stay here in Turkey forever."
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here, fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program.
"It's a very exhausting procedure," says Sule Akarsu, who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work.
Her work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees. Yet even she has not applied for work permits for her Syrian staff.
"It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians," she says. "It's also difficult for Turkish industry, doing all these procedures."
Only companies can apply for these permits, not employees, and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it's a Syrian who doesn't plan to stay in Turkey long-term. Some employers say it's not worth the hassle and expense.
There are questions about how much Turkey's government really wants to implement this policy. It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits. But the fines are rarely enforced.
At an Istanbul cafe, Adnan Hadad, another Syrian, says it's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down. He's dragged his feet too. When he arrived four years ago, he thought he'd be in Turkey "a couple of years," he says.
"But the Syrian war, and how it eventually evolved, made me realize I'll be here a lot longer," Hadad says.
He still dreams of growing old back home in Syria. But for now, he's starting in on some Turkish paperwork.
Our solar system used to have nine planets before the demotion of Pluto to “dwarf planet,” but some scientists think there might still be nine planets. Perhaps we simply haven't been able to spot the ninth planet because it's so distant. It's been almost two years since researchers from Caltech hypothesized that highly unusual orbits of objects in the Kuiper Belt pointed to an undiscovered massive object. No one has been able to disprove the idea yet, but the scientific community is still skeptical.
The planet nine hypotheses was put forward by Caltech astronomers Konstantin Batygin and Mike Brown. According to Brown, he expected other researchers to disprove the idea rather quickly, but no one has done so yet. He says this has turned him into something of a “true believer” in planet nine.
The paper suggesting planet nine was based on a mathematical analysis of Kuiper Belt Objects (KBOs) and their orbits. The Kuiper Belt is a ring of icy bodies out past the orbit of Neptune. It turns out Pluto was simply the first KBO ever spotted by astronomers. Batygin and Brown contended a planet approximately ten times the mass of Earth would explain an unusual alignment of KBOs they had detected in the outer solar system. More recently, the duo has pointed to other objects in the outer solar system that have been tweaked out of alignment as evidence.
On the other side of the argument are scientists unconvinced by the undiscovered planet explanation. Astronomers from the Outer Solar System Origins Survey claim Batygin and Brown are being misled by factors like poor weather and the location of the telescope. When you have a fuller picture of the Kuiper Belt, there may be nothing special about the arrangement of these KBOs. If the alignments are just random, there's no evidence for planet nine.
Still others believe the scientific community is overlooking the true culprit: the Kuiper Belt itself. Ann-Marie Madigan from the University of Colorado Boulder explains that there could be many more KBOs out there than anyone expected, so it's incorrect to ignore their potential gravitational impacts as most assessments have. If there are billions of small planetoids in the belt, it's possible they're responsible for the unusual orbits cited by Batygin and Brown.
Science can be a bit unsatisfying at times like this when we don't yet know the truth. However, that's the only right answer now. Some astronomers believe we'll have enough data in the next one or two years to either confirm or refute planet nine. Until then, the speculation will continue.
Reading the terms of service on Venmo's app may become more important as the company tests out a debit card that will allow users to make purchases with their balance.
Most people gloss over what's in the small print of their contracts. But not reading the small print could lead to big problems, especially when it comes to money services like Venmo. Venmo, the mobile payment service owned by PayPal, makes it easy for people to pay back their friends for a drink or coffee. But the company also makes it easy for it to freeze accounts and kick anyone off the platform if they violate anything in the company's 27-page user agreement. For instance, you can't use Venmo if you're under 18 (sorry, kids). And several Venmo users told BuzzFeed News that the company suspended their accounts and held their funds after they wrote silly captions to friends or tried to sell something to a friend — like a used computer. Those users were told by the company that they had violated the app's user agreement which prohibits dozens of activities, including having more than one account, paying for items bought on sites like Craigslist, and letting your Venmo account go into the red. Then there are somewhat vaguer restrictions. "We may, at our discretion, impose limits on the amount of transactions you conduct through the Venmo Services," the company's user agreement says. "These limits may change from time to time in Company's sole discretion. You may not send money to your own account." A Venmo spokesperson told BuzzFeed News that the app is "designed for payments between friends and people who trust each other." The company doesn't offer buyer and seller protection, which companies like PayPal offer at an additional cost to users to cover their risk, the spokesperson added. Venmo told BuzzFeed News that it doesn't disclose exact numbers on accounts that are frozen or put under review, but that they represent "a very small number of total payments."
"We strongly caution Venmo users to avoid payments with people they don't know, especially if it involves the sale for goods and services (like event tickets and Craigslist items)," Josh Criscoe, Venmo's spokesperson, told BuzzFeed News. "These payments are potentially high risk, and can result in losing your money without getting what you paid for." Venmo has ramped up quickly and become the go-to payment mechanism for many people — young adults in particular. The company processed $17.6 billion of payments in 2016, an increase of 135 percent from 2015, according to its most recent annual report.
My @Venmo card arrived 🎉
But transactions enter a grey area when two friends are selling and buying something like in the case of Colin Sargent, a 29-year-old Venmo user in Los Angeles. Sargent sold a friend an old computer for $450 in January, he told BuzzFeed News. Within hours of the Venmo transaction, Sargent received an email from the company alerting him that his account had been suspended "due to recent activity that appears to be a violation of our User Agreement," according to an email reviewed by BuzzFeed News. The email didn't explain what terms he had violated, only that he would need to submit identification to verify he is the legal account holder. "I could understand if it was like thousands of dollars," Sargent said. "But I've never done anything suspicious. I've only transferred 20 bucks here and there." Venmo declined to comment on specific cases. But Sargent said a specialist explained his account had been frozen because the transaction was flagged as commercial, which is prohibited by the company. His account was unfrozen in April and he was able to move the money into his bank account. "It left a bad taste in my mouth," he said. "It was frustrating at the time. When someone asks me to Venmo them, I remember that nightmare."
But my other account was frozen for no reason. Venmo needs to get it together
Pamela Gabriele, a 21-year old student in Montclair, New Jersey, told BuzzFeed News that she used to use Venmo with her friends like cash until she got kicked of the app — twice. She said she likes to write out funny captions when paying back her friends or requesting money, like "This is for the other night" or "This is your tip." Over the summer while she was in Italy, she received an email from Venmo notifying her that her account had been suspended. A customer service representative told her that it seemed Gabriele had been violating Venmo's user policy on selling goods, which Gabriele denies. Venmo agreed to delete the disputed account in August, according to emails reviewed by BuzzFeed News. Gabriele opened a new Venmo account in September and paid a friend $8 for a parking service with the caption "I'll write you five stars on Yelp." Venmo emailed her again saying her account had been frozen. Another customer service representative said she was banned for "selling goods," Gabriele said. Because the account had only been open briefly, she didn't have a chance to connect her debit card and lost the $8. She cancelled her Venmo account again. "I'm just going to do PayPal," she said. "It's the last of my worries as a college student, but it's annoying they don't clarify."
While it doesn't offer buyer and seller protection, the company will cover a user 100% in the event there is unauthorized activity on their account. For example, if someone steals their password to access an account and sends a payment.
The grey area surrounding how Venmo carries out its user agreement comes at a time when the company is dramatically changing. In September the company announced that retailers like Williams-Sonoma would begin accepting Venmo as payment on purchases. In June, the company announced beta testing of a debit card. These moves may be indications that Venmo is looking to generate more revenue than can be done simply through peer-to-peer money transfers, Max Levchin, a cofounder of PayPal and current CEO of the digital lending startup Affirm, told BuzzFeed News. "They're clearly going from consumer-to-consumer money transfer, which is traditionally basically impossible to monetize," said Levchin, who added that PayPal moved into payment services as well because its peer-to-peer money transfer model was not lucrative. "In many ways, the motivation behind this and the experiments they have done and will do is: How do you monetize the user base?" Venmo's debit card, which is still in beta testing, is issued by Metropolitan Commercial bank through Visa. The card may allow the company to collect interchange fees from merchants when customers use the card to pay for goods and services, which would give Venmo a way to boost revenue. Many banks have become increasingly reliant on these fees, which are roughly 2% to 3% of the purchase value. Those fees can mean big profits. Debit card interchange fees brought in roughly $17 billion in revenue for banks in 2015, according to the Federal Reserve's most recent survey of merchants.
In this sense, Levchin said, Venmo is "basically offering a bank account."
@venmo @VenmoSupport hello again.I have reached out a thousand times. Why did you guys freeze my account after I re… https://t.co/7d7Gtg3GhN
As Venmo begins operating as a payment method in retail stores and tests out a debit card, the line between commercial activity and transactions between people who trust each other becomes blurry raising questions about how it may behave as a bigger financial services player. Matt Schulz, a senior industry analyst with CreditCards.com, told BuzzFeed News that while people don't take the time to read the fine print — or even the boldface print — on terms of service and credit card agreements, it is important to know what you're signing up for. "The truth is what you don't know can end up costing you money," he said. But even reading the fine print, Nancy Kim, a professor at California Western School of Law, told BuzzFeed News Venmo's user agreement is "pretty awful." "This is actually a pretty oppressive agreement, frankly," said Kim. The company tells users it may change the agreement without notice and can terminate service for any reason, which Kim said might not hold up in court as an enforceable contract. "Basically, if you can change a contract at any time, it's not really a contract, is it?" she said. "They can modify at any time without notice, and then terminate for any reason. So does that sound like a contract to you?" While it's normal for banks to freeze debit cards out of concern for fraudulent activity, that is different from what Venmo does: reversing a transaction for unclear reasons. Fred Williams, a senior reporter with CreditCards.com, told BuzzFeed News that this practice could be "anti-consumer." "Reversing the transaction is what gets me," said Williams, who covers debit and prepaid cards. "If it's not against terms of service to have friendly transactions, like when you're splitting rent with people like your housemates or if you're buying a laptop from a friend, I guess it's maybe a little grey area. Why would they reverse that unless there is a complaint? Sounds a little bizarre to me."
Leticia Miranda is a consumer affairs reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Leticia Miranda at leticia.miranda@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Around 14:30 a refrigerator fell on a man in the stairwell of one of the buildings on the on Mivtza Kadesh St. in Rishon Letzion.
United Hatzalah volunteers responded to the scene in an effort to treat the injured person. The volunteers reported that due to the nature of his injury, which included severe head trauma, emergency medical service teams were forced to pronounce his death at the scene of the incident. Police are investigating.
Read more
Dennis Edwards, the former lead singer of The Temptations, has passed away.
Motown has lost one of its original artists.
According to Rolling Stone, Dennis died Thursday night in Chicago due to complications from meningitis.
While he wasn't the original lead singer of the Temptations, Dennis joined in 1968. He was the voice behind such classics as I Can't Get Next To You and Papa Was A Rollin' Stone.
Dennis was part of the Temptations rotating lineup, and he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as part of the group in 1989. He also received a Lifetime Achievement Grammy along with The Temptations in 2013.
Dennis would have been 75 on Saturday.
RELATED STORIES:
Erica Garner Declared Brain Dead After Suffering Major Heart Attack
Legendary Singer And Actress Della Reese Dead
Rest In Power: ‘Cosby Show' Actor Earle Hyman Dead At 91
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Police are currently at the scene of a two vehicle crash on the A183 in Sunderland.
The incident took place on the A183 eastbound before to A19 roundabout towards Penshaw.
Northumbria Police has reported that two lanes are blocked at this time.
A spokeswoman for Northumbria Police said: "We were called at 4.30pm about a collision on the A183 eastbound just before the roundabout with the A19 near Penshaw.
"Two lanes are currently closed, one lane remains open.
"Appears two vehicles are involved, no details of any injuries at this stage."
On Twitter the force said: "Please be patient as we try to clear as quickly as possible.
"There may be delays in the area."
From Petersen Media
(December 11, 2017) – 2017 was by far a year for Shane Golobic to remember, and that is not event including his racing accolades. Amidst a rigorous schedule that saw him compete 81 times across the United States and record 10 wins and a USAC Midget Week Championship, Golobic also found time to get on one knee and propose to long time girlfriend, Sarah Wood.
“It was a great year,” Shane Golobic said. “It was one of those busy seasons that I really didn't grasp how great it was until it was all done, and I was able to put pen to paper and really see what we were able to accomplish. Mix that in with getting engaged to my biggest fan and great supporter, Sarah Wood, and you really have something special.”
Golobic made waves while competing in California with the Keith Day Racing team, as well as running a full USAC Midget schedule aboard a potent Clauson-Marshall Racing midget. In some downtime, Golobic was able to take part in the USAC National Sprint Car Series' Eastern Storm aboard the Dave Ely/Gene Franckowiak machine, and even made a cameo aboard the Golobic Brothers Racing No. 57 entry one night in Placerville, CA.
All in all, Golobic was in action on 81 occasions, racking up 10 feature event wins, 18 second place finishes, and six third place finishes, giving him a remarkable 34 podium finishes on the season.
While competing aboard the Elk Grove Ford/Keith Day Trucking/Gabilan Ag Services backed No. 22 machine, Golobic was able to pick up eight of his 10 wins including the Fall Nationals, the Silver Cup, the Pombo Sargent Classic, and was able to pick up his second career Trophy Cup Championship.
It was a very strong year for the Keith Day Racing team as Golobic was in action 42 times picking up 10 second place finishes, three third place finishes, 26 Top-5's, and 36 Top-10's to go along with his aforementioned eight wins.
Competing with the upstart Clauson-Marshall Racing team for his first full run at the USAC National Midget Championship, Golobic proved to be up for the challenge as he stayed in the championship hunt up until the final few races on the schedule before he officially finished in the second spot.
Taking part in 30-races, Golobic flexed his muscle nightly as he was able to score two feature events wins including the Outlaw Showdown, 10 podium finishes, 18 Top-5's and 26 Top-10's.
One of his biggest wins of the season wasn't a race, but it was an impressive body of work that saw him claim the ultra tough 2017 Indiana Midget Week Championship. The Fremont, CA native also put forth a great effort at the Turkey Night Grand Prix, as he scored a third place finish behind NASCAR standouts Christopher Bell, and Kyle Larson.
“Looking back at it all, it was a really fun season, and I am extremely fortunate to be in the position that I am in with Keith Day Racing, and Clauson-Marshall Racing,” Golobic added. “We had some great partners on both teams that made it all possible, and I have to thank them all for their support. I have some of the hardest working guys in motorsports on my side, and I owe all of the success we had in 2017 to them. I am looking forward to 2018, and hopefully looking to turn some of our second place finishes into more wins.”
Golobic continued, “I also have to thank Matt Wood and Elk Grove Ford for all of their continued support. He has really gone above and beyond supporting both the Sprint Car team and the Midget team, and I really want him to know how much I appreciate everything he does.”
Shane Golobic would like to thank Matt Wood and Elk Grove Ford, Keith Day Trucking, Gabilan Ag Services, Riley Collins Auto Body, Keizer Wheels, LRB Manufacturing, KSE, DMI, Astro Titanium, Brown and Miller Racing Solutions, FK Rod Ends, and Simpson Racing Products for their continued support.
Tony Cavalero cast as Ozzy Osbourne in Mötley Crüe biopic Cavalero played Dewey Finn on Nickelodeon's “School of Rock” in the role originated by Jack Black in the 2003 movie.
Lupita Nyong'o to star in Trevor Noah biopic The movie is an adaptation of Noah's bestselling autobiography “Born a Crime: Stories From a Southern African Childhood.”
Jonah Hill set to star as Internet pioneer Josh Harris “Jonah Hill has a tall order, as I am funnier, smarter and better looking than him," Harris quipped.
Gucci Mane biopic in the works Paramount Players and Imagine Entertainment have launched development of the film.
The tragic life and death of a 'National Lampoon' legend Doug Kenney was a comic genius — but his untimely passing was inarguably tragic. While vacationing in Hawaii in 1980, the National Lampoon magazine co-founder and OG of snark walked...
Machine Gun Kelly to portray Tommy Lee in Motley Crue biopic The movie follows the group's rise during the '80s “hairband” rock scene on the Sunset Strip.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Proposed legislation in California would require California-based companies with all-male boards, add women. Skechers U.S.A. Inc. and TiVo Corp., are among the California companies that have only men on their boards. If the bill passes they would need to add at least one woman by the end of 2019. Bloomberg Law's Andrea Vittorio discusses it with Nancy Lyons in the Bloomberg 99.1 Washington newsroom.
Radio +1-212-617-5560
Running time 04:25
The game-winner on Tuesday that sent Sweden to the next round of the World Cup was a beautiful goal but, on the flip side, terrible luck for Switzerland and center back Manuel Akanji, who had the unfortunate luck of the ball ricocheting off his foot into his team's goal.
We've got a goal! Emil Forsberg's strike gets deflected into the back of the net to put Sweden up 1-0 on Switzerland. #SWESUI pic.twitter.com/VoZNbd0l4o — FOX Sports (@FOXSports) July 3, 2018
Related This deflection knocked Switzerland out of the World Cup
So, he was understandably upset. But after the final whistle came an incredible display of sportsmanship: A number of Swedish players went to comfort a distraught Akanji:
YES! Judge STOMPS OUT Obama's Transgender Rule Piece By Piece!
Gotta love those Texans! A federal judge in Texas has now blocked the provision in Obamacare that forces doctors to provide someone with ‘transgender care'. That's going to tick Obama off… his mandate, much like his legacy, is being shredded. Not only do many doctors reject having to provid these procedures on religious and moral grounds, they violate their oath of do no harm when they are forced to perform transgender surgeries on people they consider to be mentally impaired or unfit to make that decision. It's fascist to force a doctor to do something he knows is harmful to a person whether they want it or not.
The Becket Fund, which is representing Texas, Wisconsin, Nebraska, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Arizona and Mississippi along with the Franciscan Alliance and several other religiously affiliated organizations, said the decision ensures doctors won't be required to act against their best medical judgement or violate their religious beliefs. It figures this ruling would come from Texas and it's fantastic this judge ruled this way.
From The Federalist Papers Project:
Piece by piece, Barack Obama's leftist social engineering agenda is being dismantled. In a landmark ruling, the Texas Attorney General won a nationwide injunction to block an Obamacare mandate that required taxpayers to pay for “transgender reassignment surgeries” and abortions. The new rule was to take effect Jan. 1 – it defined “sex” as a “state of mind.” But on Saturday, a federal district court judge granted AG Ken Paxton a temporary injunction to stop the new rules. It would have forced the Employees Retirement System of Texas to amend its insurance coverage terms to provide for the reassignment surgeries and abortions. There are about 500,000 employees in the state with the coverage, Breitbart is reporting. As part of Obama's mandates in July, the Department of Health and Human Services executed a new rule redefining the term “sex” in the Affordable Care Act not as a “biological fact,” but merely as a “state of mind.” A statement released by the Texas Attorney General on Sunday says that “The Obama administration is attempting to redefine the law so that the term ‘sex' means one's ‘internal sense of gender which may be male, female, neither, nor a combination of male and female,' even though the president lacks the authority to rewrite the law.” When Congress enacted the law for Obamacare, it used the term “sex” as a biological category.
Your sex is determined at birth, it's a biological function, not a preference and to allow this to be done to children is nothing less than child abuse. “The government has no business forcing private doctors to perform procedures on children that the government itself recognizes can be harmful and exempts its own doctors from performing,” said Becket Fund senior counsel Lori Windham. “Today's ruling ensures that doctors' best medical judgement will not be replaced with political agendas and bureaucratic interference.”
Obama tried to bully insurers and providers into doing this or they would be subject to hefty fines and the loss of their Medicare and Medicaid reimbursements. In other words, he'd drive them out of business if they did not comply. This judge just stopped that. The administration wrote in its final rule that the requirement is consistent with the way other federal agencies are treating transgender people, referring to guidance from the Department of Education this year that schools should allow students to use the bathroom that corresponds to their gender identity, not biological sex. The Supreme Court plans to hear challenges to that policy next year. Let's hope they get that one right.
“This striking example of federal overreach under Obamacare would force many doctors, hospitals and other health care providers in Texas to participate in sex-reassignment surgeries and treatments, even if it violates their best medical judgment or their religious beliefs,” Attorney General Paxton said. “I will always fight to protect the constitutional rights of Texans.”
Obama's mandate violates religious freedom and common decency. Send it packing with Obama when he leaves and restore the rule of law once more. Many of these decisions will now come down once Trump and his team have taken office. Hopefully, they will stop this insanity and stop the unconstitutional overreach by these leftists.
The Red Bulls have signed Venezuelan youngster Cristian Cásseres, Jr. as a Discovery Signing, the club announced Friday.
The 18-year-old midfielder was expected to join the club earlier this month before visa issues got in the way, according to reports. The Red Bulls beat out other MLS teams who had put claims in for Cásseres, a team spokesperson confirmed to The Post.
“What we've seen from Cristian has been promising,” Red Bulls head coach Jesse Marsch said in a team statement. “He fits into our style of play and we think he can contribute at the MLS level. I look forward to him establishing himself within the group and competing every day.”
Cásseres Jr. made his professional debut for Deportivo La Guaira in Venezuala's First Divison at just 16. He appeared in 13 matches for the club last year.
In addition to minutes with the first-team club, Cásseres Jr. brings international-level experience. He represented Venezuela at the U-17 level, appearing in seven matches in 2017, before getting called into Venezuela's U-20 camp ahead of their runner-up finish at the 2017 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
The Red Bulls also acquired German midfielder Marc Rzatkowski on loan from sister club Red Bull Salzburg earlier this week.
The 27-year-old will spend the entire MLS season with the Red Bulls.
Since joining Salzburg from St. Pauli in Germany's second tier in 2016, Rzatkowski's scored five goals and had five assists in 27 appearances. He brings Champions League experience and an Austrian Cup to New Jersey.
“He brings experience to our locker room and can play in different positions within the midfield,” Marsch said in a statement. “He has qualities that we like and a personality that we think fits well within our group. He is excited to come to New York and be a part of our team.”
Rzatkowski's loan marks the third straight year the Red Bulls have used resources from their sister and parent clubs. Forward Fredrik Gulbrandsen came on loan from Salzburg last year but was shipped back to Europe after 11 uninspiring performances.
COLUMBIA, S.C. — South Carolina coach Will Muschamp still has confidence in his offence even with the struggles it has had the past three games.
The Gamecocks have had difficulty scoring the past month, falling to 13th in the Southeastern Conference in points scored and 11th in the league in yards gained. South Carolina (3-2, 1-2 SEC) will try and get things going against Arkansas (2-2, 0-1) on Saturday.
Some frustrated Gamecock fans have pointed the finger at offensive co-ordinator Kurt Roper, who was on Muschamp's final staff at Florida before he was let go in 2014.
“We have a very competent offensive staff and competent offensive co-ordinator and those guys do a good job,” Muschamp said. “We have to be more productive. They don't disagree. They think we need to be more productive, and they are working tirelessly to make sure that happens.”
South Carolina looked like it was heading in the right direction its first two weeks, winning games over North Carolina State and Missouri with 66 points combined. The Gamecocks have scored just 47 points in the three games since, including league losses to Kentucky and, last week, Texas A&M .
Gamecocks quarterback Jake Bentley believes in what Roper and the offensive staff are building. Bentley said it's up to the Gamecocks to execute the plays they're given.
“I don't think we need anything that's different or try to do too much,” Bentley said. “We've just got to, if anything, we probably need to narrow it down and just perfect the plays that we know we can run and just execute them at a high-level.”
Arkansas coach Bret Bielema is wary that Bentley's strong arm might spark up the Gamecocks attack and hurt the Razorbacks.
“Tell you what, they're quarterback's a really, really good player,” Bielema said. “He makes plays.”
——
Some other things to watch for when Arkansas faces South Carolina:
OFFENSIVE LINE: South Carolina played without three starters on the offensive line last week in tackles Zack Bailey and Malik Young, and guard Cory Helms. Gamecocks coach Will Muschamp said Bailey, who missed the past two games with an ankle injury, is the closest among the three of returning this week.
WILLIAMS' RETURN: Arkansas running back David Williams will make a homecoming of sorts on Saturday, returning to South Carolina after playing his first three seasons with the Gamecocks. The senior signed with the Razorbacks as a graduate transfer during the summer, and he's quickly become part of an Arkansas backfield trio along with sophomore Devwah Whaley and freshman Chase Hayden. The 6-foot-1, 229-pound Williams is averaging 4.7 yards per attempt and rushed for a season-high 68 yards in an overtime loss to Texas A&M two weeks ago.
BAD RUN: South Carolina is among the worst rushing teams in the SEC , 12th in the league and averaging about 84 yards per game. Last week, the Gamecocks gained just 23 yards in 26 attempts, although the seven sacks worth 56 yards allowed came off that total. Part of the reason has been offensive line injuries. But tailback Rico Dowdle said the running backs are plan to stick with it and get the ground game on track.
KICKING WOES: After junior kicker Cole Hedlund missed field goals attempts of 23 and 20 yards in a loss to No. 8 TCU, Arkansas hasn't attempted a kick in each of its last two games — entering Saturday without a made field goal this season. Sophomore Connor Limpert has made all 11 of his extra-point attempts since taking over for Hedlund, but Arkansas coach Bret Bielema decided to go for it on fourth down twice in last week's win over New Mexico State rather than attempt kicks from 40 and 30 yards. “I'll take touchdowns over field goals any day,” Bielema said.
WE REMEMBER YOU: The Gamecocks and Razorbacks, once dubbed “permanent” cross-divisional SEC opponents, have not met since 2013. South Carolina has won the past two meetings in 2012 and 2013, matching its longest run of success ever over Arkansas.
——
AP Sports Writer Kurt Voigt contributed to this report from Fayetteville, Arkansas.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
ExxonMobil ignores Kaieteur News for media visit to drillship
Last Saturday saw ExxonMobil taking six reporters on an all-day trip to the drillship Noble Bob Douglas, the vessel that is currently operating offshore Guyana in waters explored by the oil company. Kaieteur News was ignored. It was not even made aware of the visit. The exploration is currently ongoing in the Liza One block.
News of the visit began to circulate ahead of the date. No one could say, at the time, who were selected, because there were no media invitations.
Usually, interventions by companies to solicit media coverage would be made to the respective media houses. In other cases such requests would be made through the Guyana Press Association, which would then request the media houses to nominate a reporter.
Since only six were required, the press association would have shortlisted those media houses to travel to the drillship. However, the GPA was not involved. It was ignored by ExxonMobil, the party issuing the invitation.
The oil company is not enamoured with Kaieteur News. The newspaper has been critical of the contract signed between the Guyana Government and the oil company. On occasions there have been reports that angered the oil company.
Investigations revealed that the invitation was circulated between people who have a well-established relationship with ExxonMobil. There was also talk that the people who visited the ship were from those who had previously been selected for a research course at the University of California, La Jolla.
These research courses had been offered for some three years. Some of those who went were Iva Wharton, Denis Chabrol and Bert Wilkinson. But on Saturday there were people who had never gone on the course. They included Marcelle Thomas of Stabroek News; Shunza Samuels of National Communications Network and Christopher Chapwanya of Oil Now.
The others who were taken to the drillship were Bert Wilkinson of Associated Press; Denis Chabrol of Demerara Waves, an online media outfit, and Royden James of Nightly News, a local television station.
Kaieteur News, the largest selling newspaper in the country was ignored. There was no invitation to the publication although one of its reporters had been selected for the University of California programme.
Beaux Tox is a self-sustaining dog with a smushed face, a 9-5 job, a sophisticated collection of ties and a heap of followers on Instagram. Jamie Hulit Courtesy
Hosts June Grasso and Ed Baxter feature the best stories of the day from Bloomberg Radio, Bloomberg Television, and over 120 Bloomberg News bureaus around the world on Bloomberg Radio's Bloomberg Best. Some highlights include a conversation with Nobel-winning economist Richard Thaler, Eli Lilly CEO Dave Ricks discusses the drugmaker's first quarter results, and California Treasurer John Chiang explains why he's advocating for a leadership change at Wells Fargo.
producer: David Sucherman +1-212-617-7663 or dsucherman@bloomberg.net
Running time 30:13
MILWAUKEE — Two of the NBA's most versatile talents will face off Monday night when Russell Westbrook and the Oklahoma City Thunder take on Giannis Antetokounmpo and the Milwaukee Bucks at the Bradley Center.
Westbrook has been a triple-double machine this season, recording a league best 16 while leading the Thunder with 30.9 points per game.
Antetokounmpo, meanwhile, has only recorded two this season, but is Milwaukee's leader in scoring (23.8 points), rebounds (8.9), assists (5.9), blocks (2.0) and steals (2.0).
“I think he's going to be a very, very prominent player,” Milwaukee rookie point guard Malcolm Brogdon said. “He already is one of the best players in the NBA. He's leading this team every night and I think he deserves a lot of credit.”
Antetokounmpo totaled 35 points, nine rebounds and seven assists in Saturday's 116-96 rout of the Chicago Bulls. His supporting cast is starting to get noticed, as well.
Jabari Parker scored 27 Saturday while Brogdon record his first career triple-double in the same contest. Brogdon is fifth among first-year in scoring with 8.6 points per game, putting him into discussion for rookie of the year honors.
“He's ahead of his years, man,” Milwaukee guard Jason Terry said. “They won't talk about him in the rookie of the year conversation, but who else is there
“Joel Embiid has been in the league three years already. Malcolm is the true rookie and he deserves consideration, for sure.
The youthful Bucks will have their work ahead of them stopping Westbrook and Oklahoma City, which has won five of its last six games and is coming off a 114-80 victory Saturday over the Los Angeles Clippers.
Westbrook needed just under 20 minutes to notch his latest triple-double. He accomplished the feat before halftime and finished with 17 points, 12 rebounds and 14 assists.
“It's a blessing, man,” Westbrook said. “My teammates did a great job of making it easier for me. My job is to keep the pace high and keep reading the game.”
Oklahoma City's offense was bolstered by the return of Victor Oladipo, who was sidelined for the last nine games with a right wrist injury.
Oladipo is Oklahoma City's second-leading scorer with 16 points per game and scored 15 on 4-of-9 shooting with a pair of 3-pointers in 29 minutes Saturday.
“I felt like in shootaround (on Saturday) he was back to himself shooting the basketball,” Thunder coach Billy Donovan said. “He wasn't really wincing and it wasn't a problem. It was great to see him come back and get his feet under him and play as well as he did tonight.”
Oklahoma City swept its two meetings with the Bucks last season and has won three in a row against Milwaukee overall.
Antetokounmpo and Westbrook each recorded a triple-double when the two teams last met in Milwaukee on March 6. Antetokounmpo had 26 points, 12 rebounds and 10 assists while Westbrook had 15 points, 11 assists and 10 rebounds.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ali Al-Habsi has laid down the gauntlet to his Reading FC teammates by saying: 'the season starts now.'
The goalkeeper, who celebrated his 35th birthday on Friday, admits the team must not lose focus to ensure they capitalise on their superb first half of the season.
Thirteen wins in 23 Championship games has propelled the side up to third in the league table, just nine points off table toppers Newcastle United.
Al-Habsi said: "If we can improve away from a home I think we can be in the top six for a long time.
"We're not far from Newcastle so we need to concentrate [on what we need to do].
"The Championship starts now in the second half of the season.
"We need to keep ourselves fit as a team, to keep focused, to make the most of a big squad because that's important for the coming games."
Royals head to Ashton Gate to take on Bristol City on Monday, January 2, looking to start the year in style.
(Photo: Get Reading)
Jaap Stam's side, who will have to replay their home game with Fulham after it was abandoned due to fog on Friday night, go into the game on the back of seven wins in nine games.
Al-Habsi said: "It will be a tough game.
"We need to go there and show ourselves with a good performance away from home.
"When you see the first half of the season I think we are the second best team at home but away we are in the middle [of the away form table] so we need to put ourselves higher up and get more points away from home."
getreading reporter Jonathan Low will be providing live coverage of the game from 2pm.
The match kicks off at 3pm.
ALAMEDA — As Day 2 of the Raiders mandatory minicamp was winding down Wednesday, Cordarrelle Patterson streaked down the right sideline, hauled in an E.J. Manuel pass over Dexter McDonald and stepped into the end zone for a touchdown.
Related Articles Sebastian Janikowski reveals how long he'd like to keep kicking
Raiders' QB Derek Carr is focal point for offseason progress
Ex-San Jose State Spartan wins NFL award
An opportunity for Richmond NFL prodigy, and it's not entirely football-related
Body of former NFL player found in Indiana river It was the latest off-season sign that the Raiders hope to do more with the former first-round draft pick than have him return kickoffs and join the offense for the occasional bubble screen.
When training camp convenes in late July, offensive coordinator Todd Downing will try and make Patterson as explosive on offense as he is on special teams.
Through four years with the Minnesota Vikings, the former first-round draft pick was a two-time Pro Bowler on kickoff returns, averaging 30.4 yards and scoring five touchdowns. As a receiver, Patterson was relegated to short receptions with the hope of breaking something, averaging a paltry 9.8 yards per catch on 129 receptions.
One of the NFL's fastest receivers was slowed by the fact that he played only one year at Tennessee (he was a junior college transfer) before entering the draft. He also didn't have a quarterback with the passing skills of Derek Carr.
During offseason press conferences, coach Jack Del Rio, Downing and special teams coordinator Brad Seely have been glowing of their praise for Patterson's attitude, work ethic and obvious skill.
When the Raiders broke up practice and headed to an undisclosed bowling center following practice for some team bonding, there's every possibility Patterson excelled there as well. Athletically, Patterson has the golden touch.
“You just don't find guys that are that big, that fast and that talented,” Seely said. “He was one of those guys that every special teams coach wanted to have on their roster.”
Seely believes Patterson can contribute in kick coverage as well as returns, but conceded, “It always comes down to how much offense is he going to play? We want to keep our guys as fresh as possible and balance that with getting as much reps as we can out of the kicking game.”
Practice observation suggests the Raiders will give Patterson every attempt to expand his game as a receiver. At various time he's caught the familiar catch-and-run short throws, but also gone downfield and given the Raiders someone else besides Johnny Holton to carry the ball should they attempt a reverse.
Patterson is uninterested in delving in to how he was used in Minnesota on offense.
“I don't look back. God gave you eyes in front of your head to see where you're going, not where you've been, so that's one thing I stick with each and every day,” Patterson said. “What happens in the past, happens in the past. You can't control that. You control what you can control. I'm happy to be here and I'm ready to help this team any way I can and do it to the best of my ability.”
The coaches who have spoken so well of Patterson gave him the same vibe when he visited the Raiders during free agency. Patterson was signed to a two-year contract worth a maximum of $8.5 million.
“I sat down and talked to those guys, and they had great things to say and it just blew my mind,” Patterson said. “I wanted to be here, I saw the great things they had going in the organization, and I felt like I could come and help the team the best I could do and just want to be part of something great.”
— Seely conceded the loss of core special team players Brynden Trawick, Daren Bates, Andre Holmes and Nate Allen to free agency was significant even in the transient world of the NFL.
“There's always an allocation of your resources and who you've got and who you can't pay,” Seely said. “In one way, we wish those guys were here because they were fixtures for us on special teams and did a nice job. We'll miss 'em, but we also have some excitement with some young guys. There's more of attitude in our meetings that, `Hey, there are more jobs open,” and more guys fighting for those jobs. We really have competitive practices.”
— Seely when asked if he had a stance on the excessive celebration penalties incurred last year by punter Marquette King: “Oh yeah, we have a stance. We're not real thrilled with that, and he understands that.”
This guy wanted his own Pepsi moment.
see also Pepsi should fire its ad agency “Tone-deaf” is an understatement. A new Pepsi ad — which...
A man handed the mayor of Portland, Ore., a can of soda during a city council meeting on Wednesday, mocking the beverage giant's tone-deaf Kendall Jenner ad in an attempt to lighten up the tense gathering.
“How could someone just endure people coming and berating you every week?” Carlos Enrique asked Mayor Ted Wheeler. “The language of the resistance has not been properly translated to you. So this is for you.”
Enrique, a former Boston Herald reporter who recently moved to the ultra-liberal city, then stood up, approached Wheeler, and handed him a can of pop.
Wheeler held up his hand and said, “Whoa, whoa, whoa. Not a good move,” — though he did accept the sugary drink.
“Not a smart move,” continued Wheeler, who is also the city's police commissioner. “Thank you. I do appreciate it, but don't do that again.”
He then chuckled and said, “Please folks, do not do that. For your own safety, don't do that, OK? I appreciate it. Welcome to Portland. If this were the Boston City Council, that would've ended differently.”
Security officers then ushered out Enrique.
Related Video 2:39
In recent months, protests delayed several Portland City Council meetings — or shut them down entirely, KGW reported.
Enrique's stunt aped Jenner's actions in the Pepsi ad — released on Tuesday and yanked on Wednesday — which shows the 21-year-old model using a can of soda to end a stand-off between cops and protesters.
The ad was universally blasted for trivializing the Black Lives Matter movement.
February 2, 2018
Keynote speaker Bill Keimig gives a presentation about the role of evangelization in the RCIA journey at Saint Patrick Cathedral January 27. The Diocesan Formation Day included a variety of English and Spanish presentations. (NTC photo/Jayme Shedenhelm)
FORT WORTH — RCIA instruction can be complicated and messy, said Bill Keimig, assistant director of Catechetical Institute at Franciscan University of Steubenville.
“Why does evangelization fail?” Keimig asked. “The main reason is that people do not discover what that real relationship with Jesus looks like from the people who are helping them move forward. Jesus needs to be taught, not as someone who made a visit to earth a long time ago, but as a savior alive in this Church and with us always.”
It requires a visible, positive example on the catechist's part and should never be perfunctory, he added.
Keimig was one of several speakers who participated in the Diocese of Fort Worth's Jan. 27 Formation Day for RCIA and RCIA Adapted for Children, held at St. Patrick Cathedral. The Period of Evangelization supplied the day's theme. About 150 DREs and catechists from throughout the diocese attended the day-long affair, which included various events and break out groups.
“The purpose of this day is simply to revisit the relationship of the RCIA process relative to evangelization itself,” Keimig said.
As such, the precatechumenate stage of initiation, that period when a person first expresses interest in entering the Catholic faith, is critical, Keimig said.
“A statistical survey in Canada indicated that of the people who came into the Church in any given year, about 50 percent within the first year were no longer practicing the Catholic faith,” Keimig said. “That's a threat, but also a golden opportunity to convert souls because we still struggle with a certain amount of pagan reality that the Church discerns is more and more the reality of our current culture.”
Keimig spoke of closeness, clarity, and crisis as necessary elements for catechists to inspire this considering conversion.
“If you're giving your testimony, you should live it,” Keimig said. “It should bear out how close you are to Christ's Church, how that clarity came to you, and what crisis you overcame to get where you are. Candidates need to see that struggle and how it works. It must also always be centered on Jesus, as doctrine taught without Jesus and His simple call is lost in the details.”
Scott Sollom, Franciscan University assistant professor of theology, agreed.
Scott Sollom gives a presentation on acceptance during RCIA classes at Saint Patrick's Parish Hall January 27. (NTC photo/Jayme Shedenhelm)
“Conversion happens to be sloppy,” Sollom said. “Two steps forward, three steps back. The importance of witness, testimony, is that it's the main means by which people come to understand how Christ works in peoples' lives. It demonstrates the kind of joy, peace, faith, and hope God gives to people in the Christian life — the picture tells 1,000 words idea.”
The period of evangelization during the precatechumenate stage sets the tone for the journey ahead, Sollom said.
“The goal for catechesis and evangelization is active participation in the sacramental life because that's the means by which God has chosen to dispense His grace and love,” Sollom said.
During the homily of the day's Mass, Father John Robert Skeldon, associate pastor of St. Patrick, referenced Mark's account of Jesus questioning His disciple's faith after stilling a storm. The point, Fr. Skeldon said, is that those involved in the ministry of RCIA need to have faith that Jesus is in the boat, and in control, in order to pass that knowledge along to others.
Jason Whitehead, director of faith formation for the Diocese of Fort Worth, stressed the need for parental participation in RCIA adapted for children.
“You basically have to become a little St. Paul in finding ways to awaken parents to the reality of their role,” Whitehead told attendees. “A child's progress in the formation they receive depends on the example and influence of their parents.”
Imparting that message can prove a challenge when it comes to disengaged and/or distracted parents, Whitehead said.
“A big reason some act the way they do is because of perceived expectations — like a prevailing notion of the ‘check-the-box' theory,” Whitehead said. “I had my child baptized, check. I sent them to church, check. So I've done my duty as a good Catholic.”
Whitehead fielded questions of how to deal with parents who themselves have not been actively practicing for years and children who are only attending RCIA classes because their parents sent them. Gently, but firmly, explaining the parents' role and stressing to the parents that “the Church puts an absolute primacy on free will decisions.”
For the majority of attendees, the day marked their first participation in such an event. Fittingly, much of the presentations focused on practical matters of the RCIA and evangelization process.
Kami Creed, coordinator for family formation at Sacred Heart Parish in Muenster, said she appreciated the experience gained from the day.
“I've been a parishioner at Sacred Heart all my life but only started as coordinator in August, so today has been very informative for me,” Creed said.
Armando Medellin of St. Rita Parish in Fort Worth agreed.
“We started teaching RCIA in Spanish just over a year ago,” Medellin said. “So this is my first year here and I'm enjoying what I'm learning about the process.”
Scott Immel, RCIA coordinator of St. Francis of Assisi Parish in Grapevine, was attending for the third year.
“This is the best year yet in terms of providing the foundational instructions and putting emphasis on how to get the process going in the parishes,” Immel said. “There's a lot of new people here this year so it's important they get those nuts and bolts fundamentals.”
Immel said his parish put information in part gleaned through previous formation days into practice by upgrading RCIA training and process methods.
“For years we relied strictly on volunteers to be catechists,” Immel said. “We realized we were doing a disservice to the process by not having really well qualified catechists.”
PHILADELPHIA — The U.S. Military Academy says sexual assault allegations against Army quarterback Ahmad Bradshaw were proved to be unfounded and the case is closed.
The academy released a statement Saturday, a day after the Daily Beast published a story in which former cadet Madeline Lewis said Bradshaw raped her in 2014.
Bradshaw, a senior captain, played and scored the go-ahead touchdown later Saturday in Army's 14-13 victory over Navy.
“USMA treated Cadet Bradshaw as it would any other cadet under similar circumstances,” the statement said. “It fully investigated every allegation against him and suspended him from NCAA football competition during the eventually-unfounded criminal investigation.”
Lewis said she met Bradshaw, a friend of her roommate, three weeks into the 2014 school. She told the Daily Beast she returned to her room after a shower one night, when Bradshaw assaulted her.
Bradshaw did not play during the 2014 season. The academy said Bradshaw was later disciplined for a separate academic incident in which he didn't properly cite material in a paper.
“USMA stands behind Cadet Bradshaw, as it stands behind our young men and women who choose to become part of it at great personal expense in order to emerge on the other end as leaders of character,” the academy statement said. “These are leaders who are not immune from mistakes or their consequences but who are uniquely equipped to learn and grow from them.”
Army athletics spokesman Matt Faulkner said at the beginning of Army's postgame press conference Saturday that players and coaches would answer no questions about the incident.
Coach Jeff Monken was asked how the story affected Bradshaw ahead of Saturday's game.
“Nothing affects that guy,” he said. “He's a poised leader and he does not flinch. He does not flinch. You find people who are very successful, you find a competitor that is a winner, he finds a way to get things done. Take any great player you want to think of, Michael Jordan or Larry Bird or whoever, that's what this guy is. He's going to find a way. Throw anything at him, he's going to find a way.”
In the new Netflix series “Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events,” premiering Friday, Neil Patrick Harris (“How I Met Your Mother”) is nearly unrecognizable as the pointy-nosed villain Count...
SEX AND THE City actress Cynthia Nixon has announced she is to run for the role of Governor of New York.
Nixon describes herself as “a lifelong New Yorker and progressive activist who is running for governor to fight for a better, more equal New York”.
Cynthia hasn't been bought and paid for by special interests and won't be accepting any corporate contributions in this campaign. Instead our campaign will be powered by the people.
Source: Dimitrios Kambouris
Rumours had surfaced last week that Nixon, who is an education activist, would challenge current Governor Andrew M Cuomo.
Cuomo, a Democrat, has been in office since 2011 and has said he wants to seek a third term.
The Governor of New York is the chief executive of the state, the head of the executive branch of its state government and also the commander-in-chief of its military and naval forces.
In an article for CNN earlier this year, the award-winning actress said that President Trump's first year in office “has been a dark year for many in America”.
For those of us who value equal rights for all, or economic and racial justice, or want to combat climate change, we've taken huge steps backwards.
She also said:
That's why it's time to take our government back.
Given the current State of the Union, taking our country back is going to require all of us everyday people to step up and take action — whether by protesting anti-immigrant policies, organizing for women's rights, refusing to give polluters our business, demonstrating against police violence, or even taking the leap to run for office ourselves.
The New York gubernatorial election will take place on 6 November 2018. Also declared in the race this year is the former State Senator, Terry Gipson.
Marketing for the movie featuring Muppet-like characters doing naughty things can move forward despite complaints from "Sesame Street."
Watch five of the best shots as Jack Lisowski pulls off a superb 10-7 win over Stuart Bingham, including the "shot of the tournament so far".
Watch live coverage of the 2018 World Snooker Championship on the BBC.
Available to UK users only.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has called a snap general election on June 8, claiming that divisions at Westminster risked hampering the Brexit negotiations.
The Prime Minister will require the support of two-thirds of MPs to go to the country, with a vote scheduled in the Commons on Wednesday.
The move stunned Westminster, as Mrs May and Number 10 have repeatedly insisted she would not seek a general election before the scheduled 2020 poll.
But Mrs May, who has a fragile working majority of just 17 in the Commons, said she wanted "unity" at Westminster as talks on Brexit begin in earnest with the European Union.
She said: "We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world.
"That means we will regain control of our own money, our own laws and our own borders and we will be free to strike trade deals with old friends and new partners all around the world.
"This is the right approach, and it is in the national interest. But the other political parties oppose it.
"At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster, but instead there is division. The country is coming together, but Westminster is not."
She acknowledged that she needed a stronger position in the Commons to secure her plans for the UK's future outside the EU.
"Our opponents believe because the Government's majority is so small that our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change. They are wrong," she said.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
"They under-estimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country, because what they are doing jeopardises the work we must do to prepare for Brexit at home and it weakens the Government's negotiating position in Europe."
Under the Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, general elections take place every five years, meaning Mrs May would have had to carry on until 2020 before the chance to strengthen her position.
In order to call the early election, she will need the support of two-thirds of the 650 MPs in the Commons - but Labour is expected to support her, as any opposition would look weak if it did not agree to the chance to take office.
Senior Tories have urged Mrs May to call an early election, taking advantage of the Conservatives' healthy opinion poll lead over Jeremy Corbyn's Labour.
Mrs May suggested she reached her decision over the Easter parliamentary recess - during which she went on a walking holiday in North Wales.
"I have only recently and reluctantly come to this conclusion," the PM said.
"Since I became Prime Minister I have said that there should be no election until 2020.
"But now I have concluded that the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for the decisions I must take."
Many predict the backers of the behemoth resort will either replace rich Bahamian hotelier Sarkis Izmirlian with new management, or another deep-pocketed investor will buy the 1,000-acre property on the...
The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump may or may not be right in thinking that its “maximum pressure” campaign has brought North Korea to the bargaining table. What's certain is that there remain cracks in that campaign. To sustain pressure on the Pyongyang regime and give the U.S. leverage in upcoming talks between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, they need to be plugged.
QuickTake North Korea's Nukes
Certainly, the Trump administration deserves credit for coordinating the harshest set of sanctions ever levied against North Korea, targeting in particular its energy trade with the outside world. The United Nations has banned member states from buying North Korean coal and sharply curtailed the volume of crude oil and refined petroleum products the country can import. The U.N. also prohibits ship-to-ship transfers of fuel, in addition to exports of commodities such as iron and seafood.
While such measures are welcome, they're virtually unenforceable under the current system. The U.N. committee tasked with monitoring sanctions is overworked, not particularly expert in hydrocarbon markets and starved of administrative capacity. The onus to ensure that the committee is supplied with timely, accurate data falls to national governments. They in turn depend on compliance by companies that have little incentive to cooperate enthusiastically.
To improve oversight, the U.S. and likeminded countries should enlist the help of the International Energy Agency. The IEA is a gold-standard barrel-counter. It has a sophisticated administrative apparatus already dedicated to understanding global energy market flows, as well as established relations with energy officials and private firms around the world. Given its technical expertise and data-gathering capabilities, the agency could develop a much more effective process to monitor North Korea's energy trading and pinpoint where it's skirting sanctions.
Weak inspection rules for ocean-going vessels pose another challenge. When ships suspected of illegally transporting prohibited goods for North Korea are in port or territorial waters, U.N. member states are bound to inspect them. On the high seas, though, that requirement is non-binding, since many governments fear such action could violate freedom of navigation. Cannily, North Korea conducts much of its business through ship-to-ship transfers in international waters.
In late February, the U.S. announced a major tranche of sanctions on vessels and shippers engaged in such transfers. It also issued maritime guidance to help shipping and insurance companies, banks and port managers, among others, appreciate the risks they ran if they participated in or overlooked such activity. A day later, as the Japanese government documented publicly, North Korea was at it again.
China and Russia should join with the U.S. in pushing for binding inspections rules on the high seas. Both countries have resisted tougher measures in the past, even merely expanding the list of vessels suspected of conducting illegal trade for North Korea. Still, they share a desire for stability in the region and have signaled that the time to ignore North Korean sanctions violations is over. It's in their interests to show Kim that the international community doesn't intend to be divided.
Separately, the U.S. and China could launch a joint maritime interdiction effort, which isn't unprecedented and for which the two navies have appropriate staging areas and vessel capacity. As far-fetched as the idea sounds given current trade tensions, it would be a relatively painless way to demonstrate resolve ahead of talks with North Korea, in which both countries are deeply invested.
Ultimately, only those negotiations can determine whether or not North Korea will give up its nuclear program. But only a serious and sustained pressure campaign, with no loopholes, is likely to convince Kim that he can neither buy off the U.S. with a false peace offering nor continue to threaten international security. As he prepares for their summit, Trump should keep that in mind.
This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.
(AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa, File). In this Oct. 12, 2017, file photo, ducks perch on the branch of a tree next to a home destroyed by Hurricane Maria in Toa Baja, Puerto Rico.
(AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa, File). In this Sept. 28, 2017, file photo, people affected by Hurricane Maria bathe in water piped from a creek in the mountains, in Naranjito, Puerto Rico.
(AP Photo/Carlos Giusti, File). In this Dec. 21, 2017, file photo, six year old Melanie Oliveras González remains seated on the balcony of her house, in Barrio Patrón, Morovis, Puerto Rico.
(AP Photo/Carlos Giusti, File). In this Sept. 27, 2017, file photo, a resident bails water from a flooded home in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, in Catano, Puerto Rico.
(AP Photo/Gerald Herbert, File). In this Sept. 26, 2017, file photo, downed power lines and debris are seen in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria in Yabucoa, Puerto Rico.
By DANICA COTO
Associated Press
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) - Generators are still humming. Candles are still flickering. Homes are still being repaired.
Puerto Rico was hit by Hurricane Maria exactly six months ago, and the U.S. territory is still struggling to recover from the strongest storm to hit the island in nearly a century.
"There are a lot of people with needs," said Levid Ortiz, operating director of PR4PR, a local nonprofit that helps impoverished communities across the island. "It shouldn't be like this. We should already be back on our feet."
Some 250 Puerto Ricans formed a line around him on a recent weekday, standing for more than two hours to receive bottles of water and a box of food at a public basketball court in the mountain town of Corozal. Many of those waiting were still without power, including 23-year-old Keishla Quiles, a single mother with a 4-year-old son who still buys ice every day to fill a cooler to keep milk and other goods cold amid rising temperatures.
"Since we're a family of few resources, we have not been able to afford a generator," she said. "It's been hard living like this."
Crews already have restored water to 99 percent of clients and power to 93 percent of customers, but more than 100,000 of them still remain in the dark. Justo Gonzalez, interim director for Puerto Rico's Electric Power Authority, said he expects the entire island to have power by May, eight months after the Category 4 storm destroyed two-thirds of the island's power distribution system - and just as the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season is about to start.
Gonzalez also pledged to inspect dozens of wooden and cement poles still leaning haphazardly across the island after a wooden telephone pole fell on a car. It killed an elderly couple on Sunday as they returned from a town fair in the mountains of western Puerto Rico. The deaths of Luis Beltran, 62, and Rosa Bosque, 60, have angered Puerto Ricans and raised concerns about the safety of people as they recover from the hurricane.
"It worries me because ... it can happen anywhere," Mayor Edwin Soto told The Associated Press, adding that crews were going to inspect poles across the mountain town of Las Marias to ensure they are in good condition.
Beltran's youngest sister, Migdalia Beltran, said her brother was living in New Jersey when Hurricane Maria hit, but that he moved back three months ago to be with family.
"He was No. 1," she said as her voice cracked and she began to cry. "He was the one who gave me support to keep going."
The storm caused an estimated $100 billion in damage, killed dozens of people and damaged or destroyed nearly 400,000 homes, according to Puerto Rico's government.
In the six months since the hurricane, more than 135,000 people have fled to the U.S. mainland, according to a recent estimate by the Center for Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College in New York.
More than 40 percent of them settled in Florida, followed by Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York and Pennsylvania, the study found.
Meanwhile, those who stayed behind say they need more help.
The AP recently found that of the $23 billion pledged for Puerto Rico, only $1.27 billion for a nutritional assistance program has been disbursed, along with more than $430 million to repair public infrastructure. The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Administration also has spent more than $6 billion from its standing emergency fund.
Meanwhile, the U.S. House Committee on Natural Resources issued a letter on Friday demanding that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers explain why it is reducing the number of crews helping restore power when there are still people who remain in the dark.
"While we recognize that much progress has been made in restoring power to the majority of customers, the job is not done," the letter stated.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BEIRUT — A Syrian monitoring group and the media arm of al-Qaeda-linked militants are reporting intense airstrikes on a rebel-held stronghold in Syria's northwest.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported more than 35 airstrikes on Saraqeb since late Friday, adding that many of its residents are fleeing.
The Ibaa News Agency of the al-Qaida-linked Levant Liberation Committee, said Russian and Syrian warplanes and helicopter gunships have been pounding Saraqeb and Tel Mardeekh village in Idlib province since the early hours of Saturday.
Syrian government forces and their allies pushed into Idlib, an opposition stronghold, inching closer to a key highway that connects Syria's two largest cities, Damascus and Aleppo.
The U.N. says more than 270,000 have been displaced in Idlib because of the government onslaught since Dec. 15.
Best this, best that! It's the best of Indiana, and it's time to cast your vote!
Laura Minzes, Associate Vice President, State Historic Sites, shares more on this year's contenders:
Best sites to see the fall colors Gene Stratton-Porter State Historic Site Lanier Mansion State Historic Site C. Steele State Historic Site
Best site for all things Halloween Culbertson Mansion State Historic Site
Best site for living history Vincennes State Historic Site (Muster on the Wabash – re-enactment of Harrison gathering his troops to head up the Wabash for the battle of Tippecanoe)
Best weekend getaway New Harmony State Historic Site
To learn more, visit:
www.indianamuseum.org
www.facebook.com/indianamuseum
www.twitter.com/indianamuseum
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Adam Price said should be a vote in the assembly on the M4 relief road at the conclusion of the public inquiry
Opposition parties in the assembly are entering a "new-phase" of co-operation in scrutinising Welsh Government, Plaid Cymru AM Adam Price said.
Mr Price said the opposition will soon establish a "common-front" on a range of issues.
The Labour-led government has a working majority in the assembly but recently lost three opposition-day votes.
The leader of the Welsh Tories last month said he wanted to work with other parties.
The UKIP Wales leader Neil Hamilton said that he was prepared to co-operate even if it meant he would "vote through things in which fundamentally I don't believe, but which are better than the other alternatives".
Plaid ended its "compact" co-operation agreement with the government last October, just days after the two parties agreed a deal to ensure Labour's budgets for 2018-19 and 2019-20 would be passed by the assembly.
"I think that we are now entering a new phase," Mr Price told the BBC's Sunday Politics Wales programme.
He said: "Where there is legitimate reason to challenge the Welsh Government, not opposition for opposition's sake, but where we would be failing to do our job if we weren't to do it then I think we will see increasingly... a common front on a whole range of issues."
Opposition parties worked together when the Conservatives and UKIP backed Plaid leader Leanne Wood in a deadlocked Senedd vote to choose a first minister following the 2016 assembly election.
Image caption The opposition had prevented Carwyn Jones from becoming first minister after the Senedd election - although a deal with Plaid allowed him to take the post
Plaid agreed to back Labour's Carwyn Jones in a fresh vote the following week.
Mr Hamilton said he had hoped the deadlocked vote "would begin a process whereby collectively the opposition parties... could exercise and overwhelming influence on the Welsh Labour Government".
"Having bottled out at the last minute, Carwyn Jones was let off the hook by Plaid," he said.
Despite a so-far muted response from Plaid Cymru and UKIP to his original offer to co-operate made last month, Welsh Tory leader Andrew RT Davies says his door is still open to any party who wants to work with the Conservatives.
"I don't have any ideological reasons why I cannot work with other parties in this institution, because to me the ideological reason why Wales sadly hasn't delivered in the first 20 years of devolution is the Labour Party," Mr Davies said.
Image copyright Welsh Government Image caption The M4 relief road has split opinion in the assembly
Adam Price hopes that Plaid and the Welsh Conservatives could work together over the issue of the proposed M4 relief road.
His theory could be put to the test on Wednesday during a Plaid-sponsored debate on the M4 relief road, calling for an assembly vote on the financing of the project once the public inquiry concludes.
Mr Price said that while his party has a different policy to the Tories, the parties "possibly" both agree that the assembly should have a vote following the end of the inquiry.
He added that the two parties "may find common cause with some rebel members of the government backbench as well".
Some Labour backbenchers are known to oppose the M4 relief road project.
Labour won 29 seats at the last assembly election - leaving it short of a majority.
Despite adopting two other non-Labour AMs into the government, absences on the government side meant it lost opposition votes in January.
Sunday Politics Wales, BBC One Wales, 11:00 GMT
The victim, whose name has not been released, was walking in an unknown direction on the west business loop near the intersectIon with Eighth Street West around 2:45 a.m., when a northbound vehicle operated by Michael Bracamonte, 23, of Dickinson, struck the victim. Bracamonte then allegedly fled the scene, according to police.
A passing motorist later discovered the victim, who was lying unconscious on the road. The motorist, an off-duty fireman, called 911 and began to administer first aid to the victim.
Dickinson Police and Dickinson Ambulance Service responded to the scene. However, the victim ultimately died at the scene but was transported to CHI St. Alexius Hospital Dickinson by the Dickinson Ambulance Service.
Bracamonte, who was alone in the vehicle, returned to the scene while officers were investigating and turned himself in. Bracamonte was subsequently taken into custody and charged with Class A felony criminal vehicular homicide and Class B felony leaving the scene of an accident involving a death.
Bracamonte is currently being held at the SouthWest Multi County Correctional Center in Dickinson. The North Dakota Highway Patrol assisted Dickinson Police in the processing of the accident scene.
Mitchell helps Jazz beat Thunder, inch closer to semifinals
Salt Lake City, United States, Apr 23 (EFE).- Young shooting guard Donovan Mitchell scored 33 points and led the Utah Jazz attack on Monday to beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 113-96 in the fourth match of the first round playoffs of the Western Conference.
Playing at home, Utah registered their third consecutive victory in the best-of-seven series and need just one more win to reach the semifinals.
Mitchell scored three three-pointers and added seven rebounds and four assists, while five other Utah players also scored in double digits.
Australian forward Joe Ingles was the second highest scorer with 20 points, including five three-pointers, while French center Rudy Gobert had a double-double of 16 points and 10 rebounds and made a block.
Power forward Derrick Favors and Spanish point guard Ricky Rubio had 13 points each.
Forward Paul George led the scoring for the Thunder with 32 points, while Russell Westbrook scored a double-double of 23 points and 14 rebounds and made three assists.
Oklahoma forward Carmelo Anthony could not find his form and scored just 11 points, missing 13 of his 18 field throw attempts.
The game saw a lot of physical play with both teams committing two technical fouls before halftime, and Utah forward Jae Crowder was ejected with a technical foul in the fourth quarter.
The Jazz head to the Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City for their next game with the Thunder, scheduled for Wednesday.
Meek Mill is finally going home!
According to the rapper's lawyer, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has directed Judge Brinkley to immediately issue an order releasing Mill, whose legal name is Robert Rihmeek Williams.
The 30-year-old took to Twitter to thank everyone who had his back while he was was sentenced to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating his probation.
“I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive,” he wrote on Tuesday afternoon.
I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
To the Philly District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice. I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
His lawyer Joe Tacopina said in a statement that they are “thrilled” that their client is going home, NBC 10 noted.
“We are thrilled that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has directed Judge Brinkley to immediately issue an order releasing Meek on bail,” lawyer Joe Tacopina said in a statement.
“As we have said all along, Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail.”
TMZ Sports wrote that the Philadelphia Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin picked the rapper up from prison and took him straight to the playoff game against the Miami Heat. He was joined by Kevin Hart.
Let's go @sixers A post shared by Meek Mill (@meekmill) on Apr 24, 2018 at 12:59pm PDT
Naturally, folks on Twitter were extremely happy to hear this good news:
Meek Mill's PR team put out a better statement than Waffle House and Starbucks combined. Look at God. pic.twitter.com/1ZSWLAthqV — April (@ReignOfApril) April 24, 2018
How Meek Mill leaving jail pic.twitter.com/lwukt0jsHc — Josiah Johnson (@KingJosiah54) April 24, 2018
#Sixers owner says via #Instagram that he's in route to pick up Mill, like right now https://t.co/PyTUYWnKmY #MeekIsFree — Danyel Smith (@danamo) April 24, 2018
Meek Mill is free. Sixers winning by 100 tonight. — Cycle (@bycycle) April 24, 2018
Meek Mill is free!!! pic.twitter.com/Uk95RwUknD — Matthew A. Cherry (@MatthewACherry) April 24, 2018
Justice for #MeekMill. The treatment of @MeekMill who was denied bond for minor parole violations as mass shooter #TravisReinking is issued a bond (later revoked) after taking 4 lives shows evidence of a broken criminal justice system in which race infects virtually every stage. https://t.co/f8jlAbbzUP — Kristen Clarke (@KristenClarkeJD) April 24, 2018
Meek Mill stepping into the Sixers game tonight. #MeekFree pic.twitter.com/q468iYYUoe — Kendall B. (@kendallb511) April 24, 2018
Congrats Meek!
RELATED NEWS:
Meek Mill Speaks To Don Lemon In CNN Exclusive Interview
Meek Mill To Remain In Jail Following Bail Request Denial
Meek Mill's Mother Breaks Down In Tears And Begs The District Attorney To Resolve His Case
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
On Sept. 7, 1996, FOX Sports Arizona hit the airwaves with our first telecast — a Pac-10 football showdown between Washington and Arizona State. Check back with us daily as we recount some of the top sports moments in Arizona during our 20 years of serving the state's sports fans.
April 17
2003
Carlos Baerga hits a pair of home runs and drives in 7 in the D-backs 11-2 victory over the Rockies.
2012
Mikkel Boedker celebrates his game-winning overtime goal with his Coyotes teammates.
Mikkel Boedker's overtime goal gives the Coyotes a 3-2 win and a 2-1 series lead over the Blackhawks. The game was best known for a crushing hit on Chicago forward Marian Hossa by Raffi Torres, resulting in Hossa being taken off the ice on a stretcher and a suspension for Torres that carried over into the following season.
April 16
1997
The Phoenix Coyotes play their first playoff game in the franchise's brief Arizona history, losing 4-2 to the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim.
2004
Banking and real estate executive Robert Sarver reaches agreement to purchase the Suns for a then-NBA record price of $401 million.
Robert Sarver
April 14
2010
Derek Morris registered his first career playoff goal and added two assists to lead the Coyotes to a 3-2 victory over Detroit in Game 1 of the Western Conference quarterfinals.
[embedded content]
2012
Todd Helton hit a walk-off home run off of J.J. Putz to give the Rockies an 8-7 win over the D-backs and end Putz's club-record streak of 28 consecutive saves dating back to July 27, 2011.
April 13
2003
The Suns assure themselves of a return to the playoffs after a one-year absence, capping an eight-win improvement over the previous season and securing the eighth spot in the Western Conference with a 92-85 victory over San Antonio.
Amar'e Stoudemire and Shawn Marion share a laugh on the bench.
April 12
2002
The Coyotes beat the Minnesota Wild 7-1 as Sean Burke sets a team record with his 33rd victory of the season and Teppo Numminen registers his 400th career assist with the franchise.
Sean Burke
2012
In the first of an NHL record five consecutive overtime games, Martin Hanzal scores at the 9:29 mark to give the Coyotes a 3-2 win over the Blackhawks in the opening game of their Western Conference quarterfinal series. Chicago sent the game into overtime on Brent Seabrook's goal with 15 seconds left to play.
Martin Hanzal celebrates his game-winning overtime goal.
April 11
1999
Luis Gonzalez homers off of Greg Maddux in the Diamondbacks' 3-2 loss to Atlanta, starting a 30-game hitting streak through May 18. He became the 37th player to reach 30-game mark.
Luis Gonzalez began his 30-game hitting streak on April 11, 1999, with a home run off of Greg Maddux.
2010
Chris Young, Kelly Johnson and pitcher Edwin Jackson all hit home runs in a 13-run fourth inning as the Diamondbacks wallop the Pirates 15-6 at Chase Field. The 13-run inning stands as a franchise record.
2011
Channing Frye ties a Suns team record with nine 3-point field goals in a 135-127 overtime victory over Minnesota.
Channing Frye tied a Suns record with nine 3-point field goals on April 11, 2011.
April 10
2001
Todd Walsh is hired as FOX Sports Net Arizona's pre-game host for Diamondbacks and Coyotes telecasts.
Todd Walsh
April 9
2015
ASU hires Bobby Hurley to replace Herb Sendek as men's basketball coach.
2016
Devin Booker becomes the fourth youngest player in NBA history to crack the 1,000 point barriers, scoring 16 in a 121-100 victory over New Orleans. Only LeBron James, Kobe Bryant and Kevin Durant have topped 1,000 points at a younger age than Booker (19 years, 162 days).
Devin Booker
April 8
2010
Adrian Aucoin scores in the fourth round of a shootout to give the Coyotes a 3-2 victory over the Kings in Los Angeles, giving the team 50 wins in a season for the first time in the 30-year history of the franchise.
2011
Ilya Bryzgalov is the winning goalie in a playoff-clinching 4-3 victory over San Jose, becoming the Coyotes' all-time leader with 130 career victories.
April 7
1998
Danny Manning, who would be named the NBA Sixth Man of the Year, tears his anterior cruciate ligament in a 103-97 victory over Sacramento, costing a 56-win team one of its most vital players and leading to a first-round playoff exit vs. San Antonio.
Danny Manning
2001
The Suns defeat Cleveland 102-98 to clinch a 13th consecutive playoff berth.
2002
Curt Schilling tosses a one-hitter and strikes out a career-high 17 in the D-backs' 2-0 victory over the Brewers in Milwaukee.
2012
The Coyotes defeat Minnesota 4-1 to clinch the Pacific Division championship, their first division title in franchise history.
April 6
1997
Keith Tkachuk scores the Coyotes' only goal in a 2-1 loss at Colorado, becoming the first Coyote to score 50 goals in a season.
Keith Tkachuk
2009
Felipe Lopez and Tony Clark each hit home runs from both sides of the plate and the D-backs hit five home runs overall in a 9-8 win over the Rockies on Opening Day. Brandon Webb started and gave up six runs in four innings for the D-backs in what would be the last start of his injury-shortened major-league career.
2009
After being rebuffed by several other candidates, Arizona hires Xavier coach Sean Miller to take over a basketball program that had struggled to maintain elite status after Lute Olson's retirement.
Sean Miller
April 5
1998
After losing their first five games, the D-backs get to Giants starter Shawn Estes for three first-inning runs and hold on for the first victory in franchise history, 3-2 at Bank One Ballpark. Andy Benes, who took the franchise's first loss, also got the first win, giving up two solo home runs in seven innings.
Andy Benes
2004
Suns chairman and CEO Jerry Colangelo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in Springfield, Mass., joining former Suns player Connie Hawkins as a recipient of the sport's highest honor.
Jerry Colangelo is inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame on April 5, 2004.
April 4
2008
Rookie enforcer Daniel Carcillo, owner of a league-high 324 penalty minutes, notches his first career hat trick in a 4-2 win at Dallas.
Daniel Carcillo
April 3
1998
Teppo Numminen has a goal and three assists in a 6-3 victory over Anaheim, becoming the Coyotes' all-time leading scorer among defensemen with 336 points — a total that would eventually grow to 534 before Numminen was traded to Dallas in 2003.
Teppo Numminen
2001
Luis Gonzalez hit a two-run homer in the seventh inning to give the Diamondbacks a 3-2 Opening Day victory over the Dodgers in Los Angeles in Bob Brenly's managerial debut.
Bob Brenly
2012
Mike Smith sets an NHL expansion-era record for most saves in a regulation game by stopping 54 shots in a 2-0 victory over the Columbus Blue Jackets. It is Smith's third consecutive shutout and eighth of the season, tying a franchise record.
Mike Smith makes one of 54 saves in a shutout of the Blue Jackets.
April 2
2001
Arizona's bid for a second national championship in five years came up empty when the Wildcats fall 82-72 to Duke in the title game in Minneapolis. Arizona's starting backcourt of Gilbert Arenas and Jason Gardner combined to shoot 0 for 12 from 3-point range, and the Wildcats were held scoreless for the final 2:48 after a Richard Jefferson basket had pulled them within three points of the Blue Devils.
[embedded content]
April 1
2009
Rookie Al Montoya makes 23 saves in a 3-0 win at Colorado, becoming the first U.S.-born goaltender in NHL history to record a shutout in his debut, and the second rookie in Coyotes history to debut with a shutout.
Al Montoya
March
February
January
December
November
October
September
NYPD Drops The Hammer On Illegal Immigration Protesters Blocking Street [VIDEO]
Since when was it acceptable for you and your friends to block off a public road and make the lives of everyone trying to get ...
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting himself and his state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting himself and his state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
(Arkansas Department of Correction, via AP, File). FILE - This 2013 file photo provided by the Arkansas Department of Correction shows Don William Davis, who has been scheduled for execution Monday, April 17, 2017.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
(Stephen B. Thornton/The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP). People gather at a rally opposing the state's upcoming executions, on the front steps of Arkansas' Capitol, Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark.
(Sherry Simon via AP). This photo provided by Sherry Simon shows Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen taking part of an anti-death penalty demonstration outside the Governor's Mansion Friday, April 14, 2017 in Little Rock, Ark.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
By ANDREW DeMILLO and SEAN MURPHYAssociated Press
VARNER, Ark. (AP) - State and federal courts lifted the two primary obstacles Arkansas faced Monday in its plan to execute eight inmates before the end of April, but the executions of the first two inmates scheduled to die remained in limbo.
The decisions from the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and the state Supreme Court were among a flurry of legal actions that threatened to stop a series of lethal injections that, if carried out, would mark the most inmates put to death by a state in such a short period since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976.
The state Supreme Court had earlier stayed the executions of two men originally scheduled to be put to death Monday night. Separately, a federal appeals court overturned U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker's decision to halt the executions over the use of lethal injection drug midazolam, but the state Supreme Court's rulings remain in place.
"Under our view of the correct legal standard, we cannot agree with the district court that the prisoners have demonstrated a significant possibility of establishing a known and available alternative that would significantly reduce a substantial risk of severe pain," the court said.
A little over an hour later, the state Supreme Court lifted a judge's ruling that had effectively blocked the executions by prohibiting the state from using its supply of vecuronium bromide, one of the other lethal injection drugs. A medical supply company said it was misled by the state and that the drug was sold for medical purposes, not executions.
Earlier Monday afternoon, the state Supreme Court issued a 4-3 decision granting stays for Don Davis and Bruce Ward. The inmates wanted stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a separate case concerning access to independent mental health experts by defendants. The U.S. high court is set to hold oral arguments on April 24.
Three Arkansas justices dissented, with Associate Justice Shawn Womack writing that Ward and Davis "had their day in court, the jury spoke, and decades of appeals have occurred. The families are entitled to closure and finality of the law."
The inmates' attorneys argued that their clients were denied access to independent mental health experts, saying Ward has a lifelong history of severe mental illness and that Davis has an IQ in the range of intellectual disability.
Attorney General Leslie Rutledge's office said she would appeal the state ruling to the U.S. Supreme Court. Rutledge said in a status update with the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that she believes the state court's ruling was based on a misinterpretation of federal law.
"This decision was not unanimous and the dissenting opinions reflect the harm the delays cause the families of the victims and it also expresses my frustration in the continued delayed justice," Gov. Asa Hutchinson, who set the execution dates, said in a statement.
The death warrants for Davis and Ward expire at midnight, and it was not clear whether Hutchinson would immediately set new dates for the men.
The Arkansas high court already had issued one stay for Ward after a Jefferson County judge said she didn't have the authority to halt Ward's execution. Ward's attorneys have argued he is a diagnosed schizophrenic with no rational understanding of his impending execution.
The back-and-forth with the courts came as the state seeks to execute eight prisoners before its supply of the sedative midazolam expires at the end of the month. If court proceedings are pushed into May, Arkansas won't be able to carry out the executions with the drugs it has on hand.
The state was still moving forward with plans to conduct the Monday night executions in the event that all stays were lifted, with Davis being served his last meal of fried chicken, rolls, beans, mashed potatoes and strawberry cake.
The eight inmates also asked the U.S. Supreme Court for a stay until the high court rules on their request to reconsider whether to weigh in a state court decision upholding Arkansas' lethal injection law.
It's unclear whether the state may face additional challenges over its execution drugs. McKesson, the supplier that sued Arkansas to try and block the use of the vecuronium bromide, asked to drop its case after Baker's order but has left open the possibility it may refile its lawsuit if executions move forward.
Meanwhile, the Arkansas Supreme Court also barred a state judge who blocked the multiple execution plan from taking up any death penalty related cases after he participated in a protest where he appeared to mimic a death row inmate about to receive a lethal injection. Justices reassigned any death penalty cases from Pulaski County Circuit Court Judge Wendell Griffen, who banned the state from using the vecuronium bromide obtained. After issuing the order, Griffen participated in an anti-death penalty demonstration where he was strapped to a cot. The high court asked a disciplinary panel to consider whether Griffen violated the code of conduct for judges.
___
DeMillo reported from Little Rock. Associated Press writers Jill Bleed in Little Rock and Kelly P. Kissel in Varner contributed to this report.
___
Follow Sean Murphy on Twitter at www.twitter.com/apseanmurphy and Andrew DeMillo at www.twitter.com/ademillo .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Katy Perry robs 'American Idol' contestant of 'special' first kiss “Would I have done it if she said, ‘Would you kiss me?' No, I would have said no,” Benjamin Glaze said.
What it's like to play a real-life murder victim who almost escaped The Assassination of Gianni Versace Wednesday, 10 p.m., FX Of all the five murders committed by Andrew Cunanan, the most poignant may be that of David Madson because he's the...
Some 'American Idol' stars fared way better than others When “American Idol” returns to your living room Sunday at 8 p.m. on ABC, the hunt will be on for the next Kelly Clarkson or Carrie Underwood. But it's not...
Has worry about bullying tamed the new 'American Idol'? Maybe the slogan for ABC's rebooted version of “American Idol” should be “Everything new is old again.” But that's not necessarily a negative when applied to the “American Idol” revival,...
Everything to watch on TV in March Now that the Olympics are finally over and the networks and streamers can come out of hiding, we can start watching real TV again. Everyone is making up for lost...
'Idol' Kelly Clarkson switches teams to 'The Voice' The original “Idol” has come home. Kelly Clarkson's extraordinary career was born on television, when the classically trained Texas singer, who'd struck out trying to launch her own musical career,...
'American Idol' reboot abandons the best part of the show Swaying awkwardly, in an Alfalfa-chic hairdo and patterned, button-down shirt, William Hung stood before the judges on “American Idol” and destroyed Ricky Martin's “She Bangs.” Absolutely killed it. “That was...
Gov. John Bel Edwards has declared a state of emergency for the entire state of Louisiana in anticipation of potential severe weather and heavy rainfall threatened by Tropical Storm Nate.
"We are taking the potential impacts of Tropical Storm Nate seriously and mobilizing all of the state's emergency preparedness and response mechanisms for a full readiness should this storm severely impact our state,” said Gov. Edwards. “I encourage all Louisianans throughout the state to stay tuned to their local weather outlets and get a game plan in the event of severe weather in our area."
Sharp NE turn most models show makes for a tricky impact forecast. Could go from significant impacts to little with a minor change in track. pic.twitter.com/2qjoC40mj8 — Steve Caparotta (@SteveWAFB) October 6, 2017
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) reported Tropical Storm Nate was back over the Caribbean Sea and headed the southern Gulf of Mexico in a hurry early Friday morning.
At 7 a.m., the storm was located at 17.8 North, 84.8 West, or about 115 miles northeast of Isla Guanaja, Honduras and about 230 miles south-southeast of Cozumel, Mexico. The storm was moving north-northwest at 14 mph and maximum sustained winds were 45 mph.
The NHC added an Air Force Reserve and NOAA Hurricane Hunter aircraft were investigating Nate over the northwestern Caribbean Sea when the 7 a.m. advisory was issued.
Nate is expected to significantly speed up in the next couple of days. Strengthening is likely as the storm's eye moves over the Caribbean Sea Thursday night. Nate could be a hurricane by the time it reaches the Yucatan Peninsula.
#Nate back over water with 45 mph winds. A bit of an eastward trend in the guidance overnight led to a slight eastward shift in track. #LAwx pic.twitter.com/nOOoXvdU3W — Steve Caparotta (@SteveWAFB) October 6, 2017
Some areas of St. Bernard Parish not protected by the levee system are currently under a mandatory evacuation. Also, Grand Isle is currently under a voluntary evacuation. At this time, no evacuation orders have been issued in the Baton Rouge area.
WATCHES AND WARNINGS:
Tropical Storm Warning Punta Castilla, Honduras to the Honduras/Nicaragua border Punta Herrero to Rio Lagartos, Mexico
Storm Surge Watch Morgan City Louisiana to the Alabama/Florida border Northern and western shores of Lake Pontchartrain
Hurricane Watch Morgan City Louisiana to the Mississippi/Alabama border Metropolitan New Orleans Lake Pontchartrain and Lake Maurepas Punta Herrero to Rio Lagartos, Mexico
Tropical Storm Watch Mississippi/Alabama border to the Okaloosa/Walton County Line West of Morgan City to Intracoastal City, Louisiana
Gov. John Bel Edwards met with state officials Thursday afternoon to discuss preparations for possible impacts to Louisiana from Tropical Storm Nate.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
LONDON (AP) — The Spice Girls have confirmed plans to work together for the first time in six years, though details of the projects remain undisclosed.
Photos released Friday showed a meeting of Victoria “Posh Spice” Beckham, Melanie “Sporty Spice” Chisholm, Emma “Baby Spice” Bunton, Melanie “Scary Spice” Brown and Geri “Ginger Spice” Horner.
Publicist Jo Milloy later released a statement saying “the time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together.”
It said new projects would “embrace the original essence of the Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations.”
The Sun newspaper says projects could include a TV talent show, though it said Saturday a live tour isn't planned.
The Spice Girls were a 1990s phenomenon, and last reunited at the 2012 London Olympics.
By Mike Stobbe | Associated Press
NEW YORK — The new head of the nation's top public health agency is getting paid nearly twice what his predecessor made and far more than other past directors, government officials confirmed.
Dr. Robert Redfield Jr., 66, has long career as a top HIV researcher, but he had no experience working in public health or managing a public health agency. The U.S. government is paying him $375,000 a year to run the Atlanta-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
That's nearly twice the annual compensation given to Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald, who had the job for six months before resigning in January. Her annual pay rate was $197,300.
Redfield is also making at least $150,000 more a year than any other previous CDC director.
By private industry standards, Redfield's CDC salary is modest for someone with his resume. But his pay is high for the field of government public health.
“It is an exceptional amount of money for what we've seen in the past for (CDC) directors,” said Angela Beck, a University of Michigan researcher who studies public health workforce issues.
Redfield also making much more than his boss, Alex Azar, Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Azar's annual compensation is $199,700, according to a HHS spokesman.
He's also making more than Dr. Francis Collins, the head of the National Institutes of Health, who is paid the same as Azar. And his pay is more than twice that of Dr. Scott Gottlieb, head of the Food and Drug Administration, who makes $155,500.
Redfield is being paid under a salary program called Title 42, which was established to attract health scientists with rare and critical skills to government work.
The CDC, with about 12,000 employees, has had hundreds of Title 42 scientists on its staff at a time, according to a 2012 report by the U.S. General Accountability Office. The NIH has had thousands.
The jobs filled by Azar, Gottlieb and Collins are not eligible for salaries under Title 42; their salaries are set by law.
It is unusual to use Title 42 to recruit a CDC director. Fitzgerald was not paid under that program. Nor was her predecessor, Dr. Tom Frieden, whose compensation was $219,700 just before he left the job in January 2016.
Redfield, who has not been doing media interviews since taking the CDC job, did take a substantial pay cut in joining the federal government. His base salary was about $650,000 at the University of Maryland about a year ago, according to publicly available databases. He made about $757,000 between January 2017 and March 2018, plus a $70,000 bonus, The Wall Street Journal reported last week.
In contrast, Fitzgerald got a pay bump when she went to the CDC. She had a $175,000 annual salary as the head of Georgia's health department when she took the CDC job last summer, according to Georgia salary records.
An earlier Trump administration appointee, she was embroiled in unresolved financial conflicts and left the agency after six months on the job.
Related Articles Berlin protesters have message for Amazon CEO Bezos
White House stands behind embattled VA nominee Jackson
Why Louisiana lawmakers are fighting bestiality law
NRA supporters are blowing up Yeti coolers. Yeti says it's all a big mistake.
Under investigation for sexual harassment, California Assemblywoman faces new controversies Last week, Redfield released a statement saying he has met HHS ethics guidelines concerning potential conflicts of interest. He said he signed over his share of future patent licensing fees or royalty payments from his inventions to the University of Maryland; divested certain stock holdings; and began the process of assigning all book royalty rights from a textbook to his co-author.
CDC and HHS officials did not immediately provide a copy of his ethics agreement.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO – Along with the barbecues, family and fun associated with the 4th of July, the National Fire Protection Association wants people to remember that fireworks involve many risks, including extreme burns, fires, and even death.
Nearly 13,000 people were treated in emergency rooms for firework-related injuries in 2017 – nearly one third of those cases involved children under 15-years-old, according to an NFPA report using data from the Consumer Product Safety Commission.
To avoid injury from fireworks this 4th of July here are some tips on how to keep you and your children safe.
The number one tip from the NFPA is to not set off your own fireworks but rather go to a public show put on by experts. It is suggested that people do not use consumer fireworks and if fireworks are being set off to keep a close eye on children that are nearby.
Sparklers also cause about one quarter of emergency room visits for firework injuries. Although sparklers may seem less dangerous than fireworks, they can reach a temperature of 1200 degrees Fahrenheit, which is hot enough to cause third-degree burns.
According to the National Council on Fireworks Safety, if fireworks are being used by consumers a responsible adult should supervise all activities and keep the area clear of children, pets and teens.
Be sure to read all cautionary labels before lighting off fireworks and wear safety googles when shooting them off. Additionally, it is suggested that even if a firework does not light right away do not consider it a “dud,” instead wait 20 minutes before approaching it and then douse it in a bucket of water to avoid an unexpected explosion.
Keep your children and pets safe this July 4th.
On Tuesday (May 29), ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey became trending on Twitter. This time it wasn't for being the first Black woman to head a major network, but for being the force behind cancelling the second season of Roseanne.
Granted, no one can blame her. The show's star, Roseanne Barr, forced Dungey into a corner after recently going on a racist Twitter tirade calling former Obama senior advisor Valerie Jarrett an “ape.”
“Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show,” Dungey said in a statement sent straight from her desk.
Brava!
And as Dungey has become a household name for her actions, what exactly do you know about her? Here are five fun facts:
1.) In All Television History, She Is The First Black Woman To Head A Major Network: Dungey, who graduated from UCLA in 1991, has worked at ABC since 2004 occupying a range of positions, but in 2016 she was given this history-making promotion.
“I'm thrilled and humbled that [Disney|ABC Television Group president] Ben [Sherwood] has entrusted me with this tremendous opportunity. And I am truly grateful to Paul [Lee] for being a valued mentor and friend,” Dungey said in a statement back in 2016.
“I've had the great honor of working alongside the talented team at ABC for many years and look forward to starting this exciting new chapter with them.”
During her tenure, she has been credited to helping bring the following shows to the air: Scandal, How to Get Away With Murder, Quantico and Once Upon A Time.
2.) While She Cancelled Roseanne, She Helped Bring it Back To The Air: While folks like Ava DuVurnay, Kerry Washington and Voila Davis are hailing Dungey has a “hero” and “queen” for standing up to Barr's racism, we'd be remiss if we didn't point out that it was Dungey who greenlighted the Roseanne reboot in the first place. That, like the rest of us, Dungey and other ABC execs had to have been aware of Barr's history of racism, xenophobia and promoting conspiracy theories on social media.
Dungey has even defended Barr and the show, saying earlier in the season: “I think [Roseanne Conner's Trump support] allowed us, between the differing political views of Roseanne and Jackie to address some issues that we think have been conversations at other family dining tables across the country.”
Also during Upfronts, when asked about a problematic joke Roseanne writers made about “black-ish” and “Fresh Off The Boat,” Dungey told the crowd, “We thought that the writers were simply tipping their hat to those shows.”
“That said, I do stand by the Roseanne writers in terms of the decision to include that line. They felt that they were expressing the point of view of the Conners in what they would actually have said.”
3.) She's Been Called The ‘Shonda Rhimes Whisperer': Sources told The Hollywood Reporter in 2016 that Dungey was the star producer behind many of the network's hit shows like “Grey's Anatomy” and “Scandal.” The publication added that Dungey's “biggest success has been her fruitful relationship with Rhimes.”
Perhaps this is why the Queen of TGIT was so supportive of Dungey cancelling Roseanne.
But honestly she got what she deserved. As I tell my 4 year old, one makes a choice with one's actions. Roseanne made a choice. A racist one. ABC made a choice. A human one. — shonda rhimes (@shondarhimes) May 29, 2018
4.) Dungey Helped Pull That Kneeling-Anthem Black-ish Episode: No doubt, Dungey has been incredibly supportive of black-ish over the years, but she admitted she was a force in why the show's kneeling episode never reached the small screen.
“As you know, we've long been supportive of [creator] Kenya [Barris] and his team tackling challenging and controversial issues in the show; and we've always, traditionally, been able to come to a place creatively where we felt good about the story that he was telling even if it felt like it was pushing some hot buttons, and he felt that he was getting to share the story in the way it should be shared,” she said.
“With this particular episode, there were a number of different elements to the episode that we had a hard time coming to terms on. Much has been made about the kneeling part of it, which was not even really the issue, but I don't want to get into that. At the end of the day, this was a mutual decision between Kenya and the network to not put the episode out.”
(We'd still like to see that episode though. Just saying.)
5.) She's Adamant About Giving Back To Young Women And Girls: Dungey is a founding member of the Step Up Women's Network, a national non-profit membership organization dedicated to helping underserved young women and girls.
“If it doesn't impact you contractually, always take the meeting,” Dungey said at a Step Up breakfast in April 2016 after becoming an ABC president.
“I almost didn't take a meeting that changed my career. I took a meeting at a production company that resulted in a role I stayed at for four years. That role opened doors for a position at Warner Bros that I may never have secured otherwise.”
Dungey is also a Los Angeles member of BAFTA and serves on the Board of the Motion Picture Television Fund.
***
Post Roseanne, we're very intrigued in what Dungey has in store for the network and for furthering the push for diversity on television.
RELATED NEWS:
UPDATE: ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey Cancels ‘Roseanne'
Roseanne Barr Sends Out Racist Tweet Calling Valerie Jarrett An ‘Ape'
‘Scandal' Reportedly Ending After Season 7
The 411 On Channing Dungey, The Woman That Gave Roseanne Barr Her Pink Slip was originally published on hellobeautiful.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Limited Coverage In The Showers This Afternoon
by Elissia Wilson
Rest of Today: A chance for a scattered shower mainly across south Alabama otherwise a mix of sunshine and clouds with highs in the upper 80s and lower 90s.
Tonight: Mostly cloudy with areas a fog developing after midnight; expect lows in the lower 70s.
Thursday: Partly cloudy to start then a chance of scattered showers in the afternoon; expect highs near 90°.
Friday: A good chance of showers and thunderstorms with highs in the upper 80s and lower 90s.
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — A Somali police officer says a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at a security checkpoint near Mogadishu's international airport, killing at least three people.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says the bomb detonated Monday as security forces were searching cars at the checkpoint, a few hundred meters (yards) from the main base of the African Union peacekeeping mission.
The checkpoint is close to United Nations offices and the Peace Hotel, which is often frequented by foreigners and officials. The powerful blast blew roofs off nearby buildings.
A second blast and heavy gunfire could be heard at the checkpoint after the attack, but there were no immediate details.
The al-Qaida-linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab, which often carries out such attacks, quickly claimed responsibility for Monday's attack through its radio arm, Andalus.
Despite being ousted from most of its key strongholds across large parts of south and central Somalia, the homegrown group continues to wage deadly attacks across the country.
Somalia's capital has seen frequent bomb attacks at hotels and military checkpoints. In July, two al-Shabab suicide bombers detonated explosives-laden cars outside the office of the U.N.'s mine-clearing agency and an army checkpoint near the African Union's main base, killing 13.
The assaults have threatened this Horn of Africa nation's attempts to rebuild from decades of chaos. The country's presidential election, a key step toward recovery, already has been delayed multiple times because of security and other concerns.
Oil and gasoline futures prices plunged after Russia and Saudi Arabia expressed interest in raising oil supply.
“This news couldn't come at a better time, as motorists roll into the summer driving season,” said Mark Jenkins, spokesman for AAA. “The drop in crude should amount to a discount of at least 10 cents at the pump in the short term. Yet, that will not happen overnight. Retailers are usually slow to lower prices, especially those who bought shipments of gasoline when prices were at a premium.”
Gas prices in Tennessee increased 6 cents last week. The state average on Memorial Day was $2.73 – the most expensive for the holiday since 2014, when the average price was $3.45 per gallon.
Tennessee motorists paid 62 cents per gallon more than a year ago. It currently costs $41 to fill an average-size tank of gasoline – an increase of nearly $10.
The most expensive gas price averages in Tennessee were in Jackson at $2.77, Nashville at $2.76 and Knoxville at $2.72. The least expensive gas price averages in Tennessee were in Johnson City at $2.66, Chattanooga at $2.66 and Clarksville-Hopkinsville at $2.69.
Crude oil prices declined late in the week after Saudi Arabia and Russia discussed raising oil output by as much as nearly 1 million barrels per day. A decision is not expected until June 22-23. Saudi Arabia and Russia were part of a voluntary production cut agreement among both OPEC and non-OPEC oil-producing countries. The agreement called for a reduction of 1.8 million barrels per day in the market.
The effort to reduce the global oil glut and raise oil prices worked faster than expected. In fact, there are currently fears of a supply shortage, as Venezuela's oil market has collapsed and new sanctions against Iran will reduce its contributions to global supply.
Early last week, U.S. oil prices traded at 3.5-year highs of nearly $73 per barrel. On Friday, crude prices plunged below $68 – the lowest daily closing price in three weeks. Overnight, West Texas Intermediate crude oil fell to less than $67.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Some Conservative MPs have expressed disappointment at the outlined fishing deal
The UK's agreement to keep EU fishing policies during the Brexit transition period has been described as a "betrayal" to coastal communities.
Scottish Conservative MP John Lamont made the comment after Brexit negotiators hailed a "decisive step".
If the agreement is implemented, the EU will "consult" the UK on quotas and access to its waters until 2021.
The Telegraph reports Tory rebels intend on protesting on a boat on the Thames outside Parliament.
The paper says that prominent Eurosceptic MP Jacob Rees-Mogg is expected to board a boat and throw fish into the river in protest at the alleged "sell-out".
The chairman of the European Research Group said on the BBC's Newsnight programme that the whole agreement would be "deeply unsatisfactory" unless the government delivered a "proper Brexit".
He added: "I make no bones about it, I think this transition agreement is a very unsatisfactory agreement - not just on fish.
"This agreement gives away almost everything and it is very hard to see what the government has got in return."
Mr Lamont said: "Brexit is a huge opportunity for our fishing communities including those in my constituency. After the implementation period is over, full control over our waters must come back to the United Kingdom from Brussels.
"Anything less will be a betrayal of our fishing communities who voted for Brexit in large numbers."
A group of conservative MPs from coastal constituencies are expected to meet the Prime Minister later to discuss the policy.
Coastal Tories stand by the fishermen
by Jonathan Blake, political correspondent
After what was described as a frank exchange of views at a meeting of Conservative MPs and the Environment Secretary Michael Gove on Monday night, those representing parts of the UK reliant on fishing will have the chance to put their case to the prime minister later.
Their anger at the fishing element of the transitional period was clear.
One MP in Cornwall said they would expect "very quick, very clear" proposals on fishing policy after the Brexit transition period was over.
Downing Street said it had "secured specific safeguards on behalf of British fishermen".
The issue angered Scotland's fishing industry on Monday, with the country's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon claiming the concession made to the EU in the implementation period was "shaping up to be a massive sell-out of the Scottish fishing industry by the Tories".
On Monday EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier said the legal text of the agreement - which includes the UK remaining part of the Common Fisheries Policy - marked a "decisive step" but added that it was "not the end of the road".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption David Davis: Transition is about beginning life outside EU
The key aspects of the agreement announced in Brussels are:
The transitional period will last from Brexit day on 29 March 2019 to 31 December 2020
EU citizens arriving in the UK between these two dates will enjoy the same rights and guarantees as those who arrive before Brexit. The same will apply to UK expats on the continent
The UK will be able to negotiate, sign and ratify its own trade deals during the transition period
The UK will still be party to existing EU trade deals with other countries
The UK's share of fishing catch will be guaranteed during transition but UK will effectively remain part of the Common Fisheries Policy, yet without a direct say in its rules, until the end of 2020
Northern Ireland will effectively stay in parts of the single market and the customs union in the absence of other solutions to avoid a hard border with the Republic of Ireland
The EU says this so-called "backstop option" for Northern Ireland was a key part of December's phase one agreement with the UK and must continue to apply "unless and until another solution is found".
Video
Fans react after the team's dramatic win on penalties to reach the quarter-finals.
It was their first shootout victory in a World Cup after defeats in 1990, 1998 and 2006.
The Linden native birdied the final two holes to post a one-shot victory over teammate Josh Wiseman at Windtree Golf Club in Mt. Juliet. He posted a four-under 67 with seven birdies in the first round and added four more birdies in the final-round 68 for his second individual win of the year.
Cumberland will begin play in the Mid-South Conference Championships next Monday at Bowling Green (Ky.) Country Club.
ANAHEIM, Calif. — Some nights, you walk away from a ballgame muttering, “What the hell was (your manager) doing?!”
No such mystery existed Wednesday night at Angel Stadium. If you didn't know precisely what Joe Girardi was doing with his Yankees, then you might be a football fan.
Girardi gave this one away by design. He took the loss, 7-5 to the Angels — after his club jumped out to a 4-0, first-inning advantage — in the hopes of winning the long game.
We'll naturally need time to see if he and the Yankees prevail in the bigger goal. Yet as we have learned in particular from looking across town (back in New York, not here in Southern California) to the Mets' bullpen woes, there's something to be said for taking a short-term hit. Especially because the day's biggest news, CC Sabathia's Grade 2 left hamstring strain, likely means that the Yankees will be leaning even more on their relief corps.
“I can't hurt guys,” Girardi said after the game, in explaining why he threw rookie Ronald Herrera to the wolves in the young man's major-league debut.
Herrera went to bed Tuesday night in Hartford, Conn., where his Double-A Trenton Thunder played. He received a 3:30 wakeup call from manager Bobby Mitchell instructing him of his two-level promotion to the big leagues. Two flights (from Hartford to Philadelphia and from Philly to Los Angeles) and an annoying drive (from L.A. to Anaheim) later, he reported for duty with every expectation that he would help out a bullpen that Girardi described before the game as “fried.”
So after Michael Pineda grinded through an ugly beginning to give the Yankees six innings, and with the game tied at 5-5, Girardi turned to the 22-year-old Herrera for a most high-leverage introduction to the big time.
“That's really what I had,” Girardi said. “Obviously, we'll get some guys tomorrow. But that's what it was today.”
Thanks to Tuesday night's 11-inning loss to the Angels in which Sabathia departed after the fourth and a Sunday “bullpen day” victory over the Orioles in which starter Chad Green recorded only six outs, Girardi felt compelled to rest Green (who could start Saturday in Oakland as Sabathia's replacement) Jonathan Holder, Chasen Shreve and Adam Warren. He might have turned to Tyler Clippard, who pitched the prior two nights, if the Yankees held a lead in the eighth, Girardi said. And closer Dellin Betances, who didn't pitch but did warm up Tuesday, would've closed.
“I can't ask Dellin to give me nine outs,” Girardi said. “Maybe it was 2015 or ‘14, I could've done that.”
Into the fire Herrera jumped. “I wasn't really thinking about that,” he insisted, through an interpreter, of the situation. He retired his first batter Albert Pujols as well as Yunel Escobar before walking Luis Valbuena and serving up the game-losing homer to Andrelton Simmons.
“At the beginning, I was very happy to get the call and be here,” Herrera said of his longest day. “At the same time, I'm now sad because I got the losing record. Mixed emotions.”
The Yankees (38-25), who saw their American League East lead over the surging Red Sox (37-28) drop to two games overall and three in the loss column, can spin it that their relievers will be better prepared for action now. That Herrera got his feet wet. And, just as important, that Pineda showed that he can hang in there on a night when he lacks his best stuff.
“We always learn from the bad games,” said Pineda, who gave up five runs over the first three innings and then rebounded with three shutout innings. “Tonight was a really tough game for me, but I'm there because I had really good stuff, keeping my head up, keep fighting, giving an opportunity to my team. It's good.”
This was one for the marathon, a sign of respect for the length of the baseball season. Whether it works only partly matters. You know what Girardi was doing. Even if you don't agree with it, you get it. Now you see whether this approach gets the Yankees what they really want in the long run.
The jobless 30-year-old who still lives in his parents' home is scrambling to pack up his mess of a room as eviction day looms — and he deals with his newfound notoriety.
Michael Rotondo is coming off a whirlwind week of media interviews and a trip to Texas to appear on conspiracy theorist Alex Jones' radio show for $3,000 after the story of his parents suing to evict him went viral.
But now, Rotondo has only three days — Friday at noon — to leave his parents' place in Camillus he's called home for the past eight years.
“Looking around my room and stuff, how much more is all this going to take to pack?” Rotondo told Syracuse.com after schlepping to a Lowe's to buy $30-worth of boxes and tape.
He'll keep his belongings – piles of books, crumpled clothing, a computer and a bed, according to a photo of his disheveled room – in a self-storage unit until he finds a new place to stay.
“There's no more urgency after that,” he added. “Everything else is just finding a long-term place.”
Rotondo said he's looking for “someplace inexpensive, with internet.”
The unemployed father of one has been mooching off his parents Mark and Christina for the past eight years and showed no signs of moving out until they sued him earlier this month.
The familial spat garnered international headlines and Rotondo shot to overnight infamy, appearing on Fox News, CNN and even earning a paycheck from Jones last Friday.
A Home Depot employee also offered to pay for Rotondo's moving expenses after he complained he was too broke to fly the coop but he declined.
“Alex Jones makes money for having me on his show,” Rotondo explained. The woman “does not,” he told Syracuse.com.
But with his newfound celebrity has come “harassing” phone calls, Rotondo claimed.
On Monday, someone with a blocked phone number called his cell and muttered, “Loser,” before hanging up. Rotondo called 911.
“I can't have my phone getting jammed up with nonsense like that,” he said. “I can't have that happen.”
Police responded to his complaint that afternoon but it's unclear what, if any, action was taken.
You may be tempted to make a joke about something that amuses you but, before you do, try to work out if some people might be offended by your attitude. It's up to you what you laugh at, of course, but watch out you don't make powerful enemies.
Image caption This image of Nathalie Portman was computer-generated from hundreds of stills and featured in an explicit video
In recent weeks there has been an explosion in what has become known as deepfakes: pornographic videos manipulated so that the original actress' face is replaced with somebody else's.
As these tools have become more powerful and easier to use, it has enabled the transfer of sexual fantasies from people's imaginations to the internet. It flies past not only the boundaries of human decency, but also our sense of believing what we see and hear.
Beyond its use for hollow titillation, the sophistication of the technology could bring about serious consequences. The fake news crisis, as we know it today, may only just be the beginning.
Several videos have already been made involving President Trump's face, and while they are obvious spoofs it's easy to imagine the effect being produced for propaganda purposes.
Image caption One video created with the deepfake technology turns Donald Trump into Dr Evil from the Austin Powers films
As is typical, institutions and companies have been caught unaware and unprepared. The websites where this kind of material has begun to proliferate are watching closely. But most are clueless about what to do, and nervous about the next steps.
Within communities experimenting with this technique, there is excitement as famous faces suddenly appear in an unlikely "sex tape".
Only rarely do we see flickers of a heavy conscience as they discuss the true effects of what they are doing. Is creating a pornographic movie using someone's face unethical? Does it really matter if it is not real? Is anyone being hurt?
Image caption Several Game of Thrones actresses, including Natalie Dormer, have had their features placed in pornographic clips
Perhaps they should ask: How does this make the victim feel?
As one user on Reddit put it, "this is turning into an episode of Black Mirror" - a reference to the dystopian science-fiction TV show.
How are deepfakes created?
One piece of software commonly being used to create these videos has, according to its designer, been downloaded more than 100,000 times since being made public less than a month ago.
Skip Youtube post by Nick Cage DeepFakes Warning: Third party content may contain adverts Report End of Youtube post by Nick Cage DeepFakes
Doctoring sexually explicit images has been happening for over a century, but the process was often a painstaking one - considerably more so for altering video. Realistic edits required Hollywood-esque skills and budgets.
But by using machine learning, that editing task has been condensed into three user-friendly steps: Gather a photoset of a person, choose a pornographic video to manipulate, and then just wait. Your computer will do the rest, though it can take more than 40 hours for a short clip.
The most popular deepfakes feature celebrities, but the process works on anyone as long as you can get enough clear pictures of the person - not a particularly difficult task when people post so many selfies on social media.
Image caption Wonder Woman actress Gal Gadot's face has been used to make several "deepfake" videos, including the one shown in the screenshot above
The technique is drawing attention from all over the world. Recently there has been a spike in searches for "deepfake" coming from internet users in South Korea. Spurred, it can be assumed, by the publishing of several manipulated videos depicting 23-year-old K-Pop star Seolhyun.
"This feels like it should be illegal," read a comment from one viewer. "Great work!"
Celebrities targeted
There are some celebrities in particular that seem to have attracted the most attention from deepfakers.
It seems, anecdotally, to be driven by the shock factor: the extent to which a real explicit video involving this subject would create a scandal.
Image caption Emma Watson is among several actresses who have had their faces merged with pornography as seen in this screenshot
Fakes depicting actress Emma Watson are among the most popular on deepfake communities, alongside those involving Natalie Portman.
But clips have also been made of Michelle Obama, Ivanka Trump and Kate Middleton. Kensington Palace declined to comment on the issue.
Gal Gadot, who played Wonder Woman, was one of the first deepfakes to demonstrate the possibilities of the technology.
An article by technology news site Motherboard predicted it would take a year or so before the technique became automated. It ended up taking just a month.
And as the practice draws more ire, some of the sites facilitating the sharing of such content are considering their options - and taking tentative action.
Image copyright FakeApp Image caption A Windows program called FakeApp has made it easy to create the videos once a user has gathered enough photos of their subject
Gfycat, an image hosting site, has removed posts it identified as being deepfakes - a task likely to become much more difficult in the not-too-distant future.
Reddit, the community website that has emerged as a central hub for sharing, is yet to take any direct action - but the BBC understands it is looking closely at what it could do.
A Google search for specific images can often suggest similar posts due to the way the search engine indexes discussions on Reddit.
Google has in the past altered its search results in order to make it more difficult to find certain types of material - but it is not clear if Google is considering this kind of step at this early stage. Like the rest of this, these companies are only just becoming aware this kind of material exists.
In recent years, these sites have wrestled with the problem of so-called "revenge porn", real images posted without the subject's consent as a way to embarrass or intimidate. Deepfakes add a new layer of complexity to what could be used to harass and shame people. A video may not be real - but the psychological damage most certainly would be.
Political abuse
It is a tech journalism cliche to say that one of the biggest drivers of innovation has historically been the porn business - whether it improved video compression, or was instrumental in the success of home video cassettes.
As was the case then, what has begun here with porn could reach into other facets of life.
Skip Youtube post by TheGoncas2 Warning: Third party content may contain adverts Report End of Youtube post by TheGoncas2
In a piece for The Outline, journalist Jon Christian puts out the worst case scenario, that this technology "could down the road be used maliciously to hoax governments and populations, or cause international conflict".
It is not a far-fetched threat. Fake news - whether satirical or malicious - is already shaping global debate and changing opinions, perhaps to the point of swaying elections.
Combining advancements in audio technology, from companies such as Adobe, could combine fakery for both eyes and ears - tricking even the most astute news watcher.
But for now, it is mostly porn. Those experimenting with this software do not skirt the issue.
"What we do here isn't wholesome or honourable, it's derogatory, vulgar, and blindsiding to the women that deepfakes works on," wrote one user on Reddit, before concocting the laughable suggestion that deepfakes might actually diminish the impact of revenge porn.
"If anything can be real, nothing is real," the user added.
"Even legitimate homemade sex movies used as revenge porn can be waved off as fakes as this system becomes more relevant."
This kind of justification gymnastics are of course designed to protect the mental well-being of those who create this material, rather than those who are featured in it.
But the deepfake community is right about one thing: the technology is here, and there is no going back.
Google made a big fuss about the Home Max when it announced it in October, but it didn't launch the speaker then and promised it would be available in December. Well, December is almost halfway through and we're starting to see the Home Max pop up on a couple of stores.
If you want the badass Google Home Max, your options now are Best Buy (chalk and charcoal) and Verizon (chalk only, charcoal is out of stock). Both let you add it to your cart and check out, with Best Buy offering free delivery by Monday December 18 or pick up in store around Wednesday 20 depending on your nearest store. The Google Store still says "join waitlist," B&H has "notify when available," Newegg and Walmart don't seem to have it listed, and Abt says it's an authorized dealer and can't sell it to you online but you can call and see if it's available in store.
The price, as previously announced is $399. For that you get what is promised to be one of the best sounding speakers with dual 4.5" woofers and custom 0.7" tweeters that should give it 20x the power of a regular Google Home. (Oh boy!) The Max has Assistant and Chromecast built-in, Bluetooth, and 3.5mm input, and you can place it horizontally or vertically. If you're interested, check the links above or below.
The Permanent Secretary, State House, Mr Jalal Arabi, says the State House Medical Centre (SHMC), which currently offers free medical services to patients will be repositioned to offer qualitative and efficient services.
Arabi disclosed this in a statement by the Deputy Director, Information in the State House, Mr Attah Esa, Abuja last Wednesday.
The Permanent Secretary was reacting to a recent media report on the state of the Medical Centre.
It will be recalled that the Daily Trust newspaper last Tuesday reported that patients at the State House Medical Centre were groaning over lack of drugs and equipment at the facility.
The clinic is meant to serve Nigeria's president, vice president and their families as well as employees of the presidency and other privileged individuals.
However, the Permanent Secretary said that the management would among other things seek the commercialisation of the centre to boost its revenue base.
According to Arabi, the centre when commercial will also augment the appropriation it receives from the government in the quest for a better qualitative service.
“The centre is the only health centre in Abuja where patients are not required to pay a dime before consultation.
‘‘In other government hospitals in Abuja, patients are required to pay for consultation, treatment, laboratory tests and others but that has not been the case with the State House Medical Centre.
‘‘The centre offers free services, nobody pays a kobo for hospital card, consultations or prescriptions and this has taken a toll on the subvention the centre receives from the government.
‘‘We have some of the best equipment in the country. For instance, to maintain the MRI and other scan machines, we spend close to N2 million monthly. Yet we do not charge a dime for those who require MRI scans in the clinic,'' he said.
Arabi said that the proposed reforms would ensure that those eligible to use the Centre were NHIS complaint with their Health Maintenance Organisations (HMOs) or primary health provider domiciled in the clinic.
He said that already NHIS desk had been created at the clinic where patients would be required to authentic their profile.
“If their HMOs are registered in other hospitals they will be required to transfer to the centre.
‘‘This is another way through which we can boost revenue generation at the hospital and this has started yielding results because the stark reality is there is no free lunch anywhere,'' he said.
The permanent secretary also dismissed allegations of misappropriation and withholding of funds meant for medical supplies in the centre.
‘‘I know people will insinuate and give all sorts of reasons because they don't ask but it will be foolhardy and madness for anybody in his senses to defraud a medical centre of a kobo and toying with people's lives.
‘‘No sane person will do that, so the truth of the matter is the hospital is being run on subvention and appropriation; if it comes we pile the drugs.
Heineken Ireland said It's like for like revenues rose by 4% last year, which it said reflected the change in its wholesale business model.
The company, based in Cork, said its share of the total "Long Alcohol Drinks" (or LAD) market rose by 0.8%, with growth reported in both the pub and off-licence sectors.
Meanwhile, the company's share of the total Irish cider market jumped to 11.2%, driven by Orchard Thieves.
2016 was another year of share growth for Coors Light, with its market share rising by 0.4%. This resulted in it keeping its position as the biggest selling bottled beer in the On Trade.
The company employs 412 people across the island of Ireland. Its portfolio includes Heineken, Orchard Thieves, Desperados, Tiger, Coors Light, Fosters, Sol, Beamish and Murphy's.
It also has a range of speciality beers, which includes Affligem, Paulaner, Moretti, Zywiec and Cute Hoor.
Heineken eyes better margins this year
Meanwhile, strong growth in Asia and Mexico led an increase in the Heineken group's beer sales in 2016 as the world's second-largest brewer edged above earnings expectations and forecast even better margins this year.
The Dutch maker of Europe's top-selling lager Heineken, as well as brands including Tiger and Sol, sold 3% more beer last year, with the sharpest increase in Asia.
Sales also grew in France, Italy, Poland, Spain and Mexico, but fell in Nigeria, one of the group's top four markets, as well as in the Democratic Republic of Congo and in Russia.
The company's chief executive Jean-Francois van Boxmeer said margin expansion should be in line with the group's target of 40 basis points, excluding major unforeseen economic and political developments and the impact of recent acquisitions in Brazil and Britain.
Heineken said it assumed a similar negative impact from currencies as last year, including a €1.1 billion hit on revenue.
Chief Financial Officer Laurence Debroux said, for example, another devaluation of the Nigerian naira was likely later this year.
One further uncertainty would be the impact on Mexico, Heineken's largest market, of US President Donald Trump, who has talked about imposing duties on imports from its southern neighbour.
Van Boxmeer said for the time being it was "not yet legislation".
"How that all will pan out we don't know. We are prepared for that. We're going to surf the wave as it comes, but I think specifically for the tax situation, the NAFTA situation, this is a lot of speculation," he told Reuters.
Heineken's operating profit excluding one-offs rose by 9.9% on a like-for-like basis excluding currency movements and one-offs to €3.54 billion last year.
That compared with the €3.51 billion average forecasts in a Reuters poll.
Heineken ranks as the world's second biggest brewer, although the gap between it global leader AB InBev has widened after the latter's near $100 billion takeover of SABMiller late last year.
Heineken has since committed some $1.4 billion to buy most of the pubs of Britain's Punch Taverns and the Brazilian business of Japan's Kirin.
When Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif walked into a roomful of reporters in New York on Saturday, he remarked on how his U.S. visit was going.
"Good," he said. "Not as good as the guy who spent $250 million on the trip."
It was a reference to Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who just this month wrapped up a three-week tour of the United States. The Saudi prince traveled from Boston to Silicon Valley in California, and although a final price tag is not known, the trip was reported to be lavish and included meetings to encourage millionaires and billionaires to invest in his kingdom.
Iranian diplomats, by contrast, are preparing for the possibility that the United States might restrict trade even more with Tehran, by withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal and reimposing sanctions. If the U.S. decides to pull out, Zarif says, Iran most likely will, too.
Officially, Zarif was in New York for meetings at the United Nations, but the standoff with the United States is an overriding concern.
In an NPR interview with Zarif on Monday evening, it was apparent how the rivalry with Saudi Arabia is a factor in many Iranian decisions — including the uncertain future of its nuclear agreement with the United States and other world powers.
Rival powers
Iran is the most populous nation in the Persian Gulf region and Saudi Arabia is the richest. Before Iran's 1979 revolution, both were considered vital allies of the United States. Afterward, Iran turned against the United States. The Saudi-U.S. relationship, while deeply complex, remained close.
"I think Saudi Arabia has been obsessed with Iran for the past 40 years," Zarif said in our conversation. "They have tried to exclude us from this region."
If that was the Saudi goal, it has failed. Iran is deeply influential in Lebanon, Syria and Iraq, and it is believed to be linked with rebels who hold the capital of Yemen.
Zarif denied his country is equally obsessed with the Saudis, but his comments and those of many Iranians suggest otherwise. People in each country have a tendency to run down the poor human rights record and lack of freedom in the other.
"We believe that Saudi Arabia is an important player in the region [which] needs to be more responsible in its approach. But it is an important player in the region that cannot be excluded," he said. "I believe if Saudi Arabia came to the same recognition, we would be much better off."
An ugly war in Yemen
Iranians and Saudis are on opposite sides in several conflicts, most directly in Saudi Arabia's southern neighbor, Yemen. After rebels known as Houthis seized Yemen's capital in 2014, a Saudi-led military coalition directly intervened. Saudi airstrikes are blamed for many deaths; the war has led to economic collapse and widespread disease.
"Saudi Arabia can decide today and stop this bloodshed," Iran's Zarif said.
But the Saudis say they intervened against the Houthi rebels because Iran supported the Houthis. Saudi and U.S. officials insist the missiles that the Houthis occasionally lob into Saudi territory were made in Iran.
Foreign Minister Zarif denies allegations that Iran has supplied the missiles — yet he adds that old Iranian missiles could have fallen into Houthi hands.
He also speaks up for their right to a share of power in Yemen.
"I've talked to them and they're ready for peace negotiations," he said. "But what we need to do in Yemen is to have an inclusive government in Yemen. That includes everybody, including the Houthis. And we are prepared to use whatever influence. We — nobody controls anybody in Yemen, but we have some influence and we are prepared to use that influence."
A nuclear confrontation
Ultimately, the specter of Saudi Arabia hangs over the decisions Iran may face over the nuclear deal. The agreement says Iran must curtail its nuclear energy program, which world powers say could lead to nuclear weapons development, in exchange for billions of dollars in sanctions relief.
President Trump is eager to demand changes to the agreement if the U.S. is to remain in the deal at all. A May 12 deadline is approaching by which the President must either extend Iran's sanctions relief, or else allow the accord to begin falling apart.
Zarif is not interested in renegotiation. "Opening this package would be tantamount to opening a Pandora's box, and we'll never be able to close it," he said. Iran has rejected limits on Iranian ballistic missiles. Zarif sees no point in extending the deal or adding more safeguards.
Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia continues to make major military trade deals with the United States.
Iranians have been reluctant to accept any arms limitation that does not also apply to the Saudis. The Saudis, not surprisingly, have been similarly reluctant — and should Iran ever seek a nuclear weapon, the Crown Prince Mohammed said last month, then his country would too.
A major new study shows that pay gaps have decreased in recent years – but are still really, really large for some groups.
A major new study on pay gaps in Britain has shown that while differences in income between various groups have narrowed in the past few decades, women, people from ethnic minority backgrounds, and disabled people are still paid less on average than their counterparts. The research found that, on average, women still earn 18% less per hour than men, disabled people have a 13.6% gap compared with non-disabled people, and people from an ethnic minority background earn on average 5.7% less than white people.
However, the research from the Equality and Human Rights Commission also paints a complicated picture – including that in recent years, the gender pay gap has reversed in London, and that white women on average earn less than women from ethnic minority backgrounds. Here are some of the key findings: Gender While the gender pay gap across all working women was 18.1% in 2016, that goes down to 9.4% for women in full-time work. Part of the reason for the gap is that more women work part time than men, and part- time work tends to pay less per hour. Though the gender pay gap has decreased significantly in the past few decades, the percentage of that pay gap that can't be “explained” by different characteristics of men and women in the workforce (such as differences in type of work they do, level of education, and childbearing) has increased. One significant reason for the gap used to be that women tended to have different occupations to men – however, this has declined notably in recent years. Almost all of the overall pay gap is now taken up by differences in pay within the same occupation, meaning women either hold less senior jobs in those occupations, or are simply paid less for the same work. Between 1993 and 1997, around half of the gender pay gap was “unexplained”, while in the period 2010 to 2014, the unexplained portion had risen to almost 69%. That unexplained pay gap could be down to factors that the researchers weren't able to factor into their analysis – but it could also be due to simple discrimination. Researchers found that while pay gaps were larger for women with children, they existed even for women without children – and that the amount of housework a woman does also have a significant effect. For example, women who do more than ten hours of housework a week experience a larger pay gap per hour than women who do less housework. (Twenty-four per cent of women in the sample did more than ten hours a week, compared to just 5% of men). Women do far better in the public sector than in the private sector, even after you take into account that a higher percentage of women in the public sector are graduates – which tends to reduce the pay gap. Women in the private sector earn on average £3.11 less than men in the private sector; women in the public sector earn £2.38 less. For graduate women in the private sector there is only a small improvement, earning £2.77 per hour less than male graduates, while in the public sector the gap for graduates decreases to £1.63 per hour.
The researchers also found a major “London Effect” – living in London dramatically reduces the pay gap for both women and ethnic minorities. This is so significant that the study suggests that in recent years, women working in Inner London actually reversed the pay gap, earning slightly more on average than their male counterparts. (The researchers do note that other recent research hasn't shown the same effect, though.) Ethnicity The research shows a complicated picture for the ethnicity pay gap. There are significant differences between people with different ethnic backgrounds, and the gap is far larger for men than women.
Indeed, on average, ethnic minority women earn slightly more than white British women – Black Carribean women earned £1.14 per hour more in the period 2007-2014, Chinese women earned £1.29 more, and Indian women earned 59p more. (They all still earn less than white British men.) Only a few groups had pay roughly equal to white British men – including Indian men, black British-African men, and Chinese immigrant men. None of the differences between these groups and white British men are large enough to be statistically significant. The gap is almost always worse for immigrants compared to those who are born in Britain. For example, while black African immigrant men earn around 19% less per hour than white British men, men born in the UK with a black African background earn about the same as white British men. There are many reasons for the immigrant pay gap: They may not have access to networks that can help them land jobs, their qualifications may not be recognised, and they may not speak English. However, as with the gender pay gap, the researchers tried to account for many of these factors – and again, found that large parts of the pay gaps could not be accounted for simply by differences in characteristics like qualifications or amount of part-time work. Overall, Pakistani and Bangladeshi people – both men and women – experience the worst pay gaps. Pakistani and Bangladeshi women who are immigrants were the only groups of women who had major negative pay gaps compared to white British women, while Pakistani and Bangladeshi men had among the worst pay gaps of any ethnic background – just under half of Bangladeshi men and about a third of Pakistani men were paid below the Living Wage between 2011 and 2014. Women born in Britain with a black African background had the largest pay advantage over white British women, earning around 21% more per hour, slightly ahead of Chinese-British women. Disability The research found that while there are major pay gaps for disabled people overall, they vary greatly depending on the type of disability – those with mental illness, neurological disorders, and learning difficulties or disabilities have among the worst pay gaps. Men who have depression or anxiety earn about 30% less, while men with epilepsy have a pay gap of around 40%. Men with learning disabilities had a pay gap of over 60%. Among the reasons for the disability pay gap (in addition to discrimination) are lower education levels for disabled people, and the fact that they are more likely to work part-time. Disabled people are already far less likely to be in employment than their non-disabled counterparts. As with ethnicity, pay gaps for disabled men (compared to non-disabled men) are worse (13% overall) than for disabled women compared to non-disabled women (7%). While disability increases the pay gap for people from ethnic minorities – a disabled Bangladeshi man has a 56% pay gap compared to a non-disabled white British man – although the study didn't find any suggestion that the disability pay gap itself was worse for any particular ethnic group.
Tom Phillips is the UK editorial director for BuzzFeed and is based in London. Contact Tom Phillips at tom.phillips@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
NEW YORK - Movie producer Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on charges of rape in the first and third degrees, and criminal sexual act in the first degree, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement on Wednesday.
Weinstein's indictment by a grand jury follows his arrest and court appearance last Friday. Weinstein has been accused of sexual misconduct by more than 70 women, with some allegations dating back decades.
He has denied having had nonconsensual sex.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
iStock/Thinkstock(Clarksville, Ind.)– A wild goose chase in Indiana involving law enforcement involved an actual goose.
Video released by the police department in Clarksville, Indiana, shows a detective strolling back to his office on Thursday when his feathers were ruffled by a Canada Goose.
The vigilant goose can be seen flapping its wings while in flight, directing its aim at the head of the detective.
Speaking to ABC affiliate WHAS in Louisville, Kentucky, lead birdkeeper at the Louisville Zoo, Craik Mikel, said the large waterfowl was protecting its nest when the detective made his approach.
Mikel described the technique captured on video as “wing slapping.”
WILD GOOSE CHASE: A Clarksville, Indiana police officer is seen on video fending off a goose! pic.twitter.com/ADmrqz73VI — ABC World News Now (@abcWNN) April 17, 2017
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Top 5 love life hacks that are proven to work
We've recently reviewed few happy and successful couples with intent to get their best advice on how to build a wonderful relationship using different kinds of love lifehacks. The first reaction of those people was a bewildered smile. They thought we were asking mainly about sex. However, we've assured them we were not. We were wondering what they'd done to keep their love inextinguishable for all those years of life together.
What came next astonished, inspired and upset us all at once. These ideas turned out to be so simple, so straightforward. Why many couples just refuse putting them into use to upgrade their own relationships?
If you really do care then you will do what it takes to make the following thoughts work and reap the benefits. Despite all the complexity that love serves up, these love life hacks will work out to add more joy to your relationship than ever. Article prepared by the site vipbrides.com.
#1 Don't scruple to ask for approval
Expecting your partner to note things without inducing him/her is often seeming unjust and can lead to indignation and conflict. Keep the beast away by completely expressing yourself and spotlight the things you wish your partner to notice. If you have done something you'd like your partner to take notice of, draw his/her attention! Got a fresh haircut? Draw attention! Fixed the bookshelves so they no longer totter? Make your lover praise it!
#2 Always be thankful
Remember about the existence of a “thank you” phrase and take your time to constantly demonstrate your genuine gratitude for everything your partner does for you. Perhaps you'll be mad with your partner about some issues and they will point out something they did, hoping for that heartwarming “thank you”. How would you react? Would you offer your praise and deal with your apathy separately? Or maybe will you shut up like a shell and torture your partner with unbearable silence?
#3 Have time for each other
In case if you were worried about killing that subtle romance by scheduling every single minute with your partner, you probably wouldn't be reading this. For the rest of us with busy lives and troubled schedules, an exhausting Monday is easier to handle knowing that on Tuesday at 6PM we get at least few hours with your closest person.
#4 Learn to argue
Sometimes when you're not even a bit angry with each other, take a seat and talk over things that bother you both. After that lay down some rules you both agree to follow during the future arguments. For example:
Nobody escapes an argument without telling where they're going;
Conflicts lasting more than 3 days are obviously stupid and should not be allowed to continue;
An argument must not mean that the relationship itself is being questioned.
#5 Know to apologize too
Telling you're sorry is a lot like learning a foreign language. The more you practice it in real-life situations, the better you become at it. If you haven't actually done something worth saying sorry, you're either an angel or completely blind to your inadequacy. You don't need to do some great damage to your lover to be begging for pardon. Just stay who you really are. In case if you say something without thinking, forget to pick up something from the store or complain about your day without asking about your partner's, do not hesitate to say you're sorry. It is always hard to swallow your pride and accept you've screwed things up, but apologizing is harder. Yet, you need to master up this skill to maintain your relationship. We're all people and we all make mistakes.
There are many other life hacks about love that may come in handy, but we hope you and your partner will learn these 5 tips to keep your relations flourishing. Cheer up!
Life as we know it requires liquid water, and until recently that seemed to be in short supply outside of Earth. However, recent studies of Mars and several moons have pointed to the presence of water. In fact, some moons may contain subsurface oceans with a larger total volume of water than Earth has. In the latest revelation, NASA announced strong evidence for life-sustaining conditions in the subsurface oceans of Saturn's moon Enceladus.
Scientists have known that Enceladus harbors a liquid ocean under its surface since 2005. That's when the Cassini probe spotted the now-famous water plumes erupting from the moon's surface. The outer surface of Enceladus is a sheet of ice some 11-14 miles thick, but below that is water that escapes through cracks as the moon flexes from the tidal forces of Saturn's gravity.
Cassini has flown through the plumes several times to sample to study the phenomenon. While the probe is nearing the end of its mission, NASA sent it through one more trip through the plumes in late 2015. The newly released results of that trip show the presence of molecular hydrogen (H 2 ) in Enceladus' water.
The presence of hydrogen in the plume is a big deal. Scientists believe it's being produced at hydrothermal vents similar to the ones on Earth. Hydrogen can be used as chemical energy for microorganisms, which combine it with carbon dioxide in a process called methanogenesis. The name comes from the byproduct — methane. And indeed, some methane was detected in the plume along with hydrogen and a lot of water. Methanogenesis is an important process on Earth, carried out by a type of microorganisms known as archaea. These are some of the heartiest life forms on Earth, so maybe something similar exists on Enceladus. We can't know for sure, because all we have so far is an analysis of the material escaping into space.
It was lucky Cassini was even able to determine this much — the Ion and Neutral Mass Spectrometer (INMS) instrument used for this analysis was included to sample the atmosphere of Titan. That moon is interested in its own right, but scientists were shocked to find the water plumes of Enceladus after Cassini arrived in orbit of Saturn. So, the INMS pulled double duty to test the water in those plumes.
Scientists have spotted similar plumes rising above Jupiter's moon Europa. NASA is planning a mission for the 2020s called Europa Clipper that will be able to take a closer look at the interior of the moon. Data from the study of Enceladus will help scientists decide what instruments to send along with the probe. Now we know what to look for, so maybe we'll get closer to confirming something is alive out there.
Each week, BwB will give a sample from the Readers' Queries file in the old Sporting Post.
SP Query — In February 1993, ‘M.P., Dundee' asked: “Did Bruce Rioch claim at one stage that he would rather play for England than Scotland?
SP Answer — In 1972, Scotland manager Tommy Docherty named Rioch in his squad but the midfielder pulled out to play for Aston Villa.
When Docherty later said he would not consider the player for future Scotland national squads, Rioch said he would aim to play for England as he had dual qualifications as he was born in Aldershot of Scottish parents.
However, three years later in 1975, then Scotland manager Willie Ormond called him up for the first of his 24 appearances in a Scottish jersey. He went on to captain the Scots in the 1978 World Cup campaign in Argentina.
* SP Query — In June 1990, ‘Old Dark Blue Eyes' asked: In which season did the Scottish Premier League begin?
What seasons were Dundee relegated?
How long were they down each time and who were their managers up to 1980?
SP Answer — Dundee, under Davie White, were relegated from the first-ever Premier League in season 1975-76.
They were promoted in 1978-79, under Tommy Gemmell. The former Celtic and Scotland left-back was still Dundee boss as they went down again the following season.
Donald Mackay took over the reins and the Dens side gained promotion to the top league at the first attempt.
* SP Query — When Lochee Harp were league champions in season 1962-63, was it after a play-off with Lochee United. Can you give teams and scorers? — R. H.
SP Answer — There was, indeed, a play-off and Harp beat the Bluebells 5-2 at Beechwood Park.
Glass (2), Meach (2) and Reilly (pen) netted for Harp, with Lochee United's goals coming from Anderson and Sutherland.
Harp lined up — McGann; Robb, Briggs; McCluskey, Cargill, Gilmour; McCarle, Reilly, Glass, Smith, Meach.
Lochee United — Clark; Duggan, Breen; Kenyon, Young, Baxter; Falconer, Sutherland, Mitchell, Anderson, Smart.
Harp might have been outright champions but they had two points deducted for failing to turn up for a game against St Joseph's.
Harp claimed that when the teams met in a cup-tie the previous Saturday, they agreed to postpone the league match against the Joeys because it was England v Scotland day at Wembley.
However, St Joseph's turned up for the game and were later awarded the points.
Some statistics may have been altered or updated after being originally published in The Sporting Post queries section.
The New York City's only mortuary school claims its been stiffed by the Medical Examiner's Offic​e — ​on ​a steady supply of ​​fresh corpses​.​ American Academy McAllister Institute of Funeral...
Atlantic Media to take its time finding new editor-in-chief Look for Atlantic Media owner David Bradley to take awhile in his search for a new editor-in-chief of the namesake monthly. James Bennet, who held the post for 10 years,...
Atlantic Media taps Steve Smith as National Journal's editor David Bradley's Atlantic Media has tapped Steve Smith to return to National Journal as its new editor-in-chief, replacing Tim Grieve who left in September to become head of news strategies...
Atlantic Media slashes National Journal jobs in DC overhaul National Journal is making deep cuts to its newsroom as part of a plan revealed Tuesday to put its political and policy coverage behind a subscriber paywall. Parent Atlantic Media...
Time to go: Zakaria headed for the Atlantic and Quartz Fareed Zakaria is joining Atlantic Media as a contributing editor on the Atlantic monthly magazine and its Quartz website, where he will also be doing live events. While Zakaria was a...
Exits at Atlantic Media For Atlantic Media, which posted its best year in 2013 since David Bradley bought it in 1999, there is something of a brain drain underway. Havens joined in 2009 —...
Rock is prepped to be used on the Lake Oroville Dam after an evacuation was ordered for communities downstream from the dam, in Oroville, California on Feb. 13, 2017. Jim Urquhart / Reuters
Since the threat of a spillway failure was identified, reinforcing boulders have been placed at the rate of 40 truckloads per hour, and helicopters also moved reinforcements every minute and a half, Croyle said.
Croyle added that design teams were in place to reconstruct parts of the spillway, which was built in the 1960s, and that there would be a seamless transition into rebuilding the infrastructure.
“There's about 125 construction crews on point. So there's a lot of people, a lot of equipment. … We're not holding back on addressing this issue,” he said.
A lot of people have tweeted Lucozade to say the new formula tastes like "shite".
Lucozade has reduced the amount of sugar in its recipe, and, predictably, people are kicking off. The drinks company made the decision to strip back some of the sugar in the product after the government announced a tax on sugary drinks.
The company said it had committed to taking 50% of the sugar from its drinks and that this move was part of that plan.
But not everyone has taken it well.
These people called the recipe change a "personal attack". I've literally drank lucozade orange everyday for as long as I can remember, this change in recipe is a personal attack
@jaketbf @LucozadeEnergy i've no idea what you've done, lucozade, but it sounds like it's the worst attack on stude… https://t.co/ZWhvcxK1pD
Meanwhile, these disappointed fans said it was now "shite".
Wtf have they done to lucozade :( shite now
Lucozade has actual changed its flavour and its shite now wtf
They've reduced the sugar in Lucozade and now it tastes SHITE
why does orange lucozade taste like shit now???
Lucozade orange tastes so shit now
Lucozade orange tastes so shit now
Other Lucozade fans said it had been "ruined".
@LucozadeEnergy 31g of sugar cut down to 11.3g? lucozade = ruined
Remember when you were ill in bed... your mum would bring you a lucozade... WELL YOUR KIDS WONT HAVE THAT PLEASURE BECAUSE ITS RUINED! 😭
Sugar tax is one lot of shite they've ruined lucozade again fs
Meanwhile, this angry fan saw the recipe change as a sign the country is edging closer to communism or possibly nationwide curfews.
In a statement, the brand stuck by its recipe change. A spokesperson for Lucozade Ribena Suntory, the company that owns the brand, said that it changed the recipe in November 2016 as part of a "far-reaching health and wellbeing plan". "Removing 50% of the sugar from our drinks was part of this plan, and this decision was motivated by consumer demand for great-tasting drinks with less sugar," they said. They added that all their drinks, which includes Ribena and Orangina, would be reformulated to contain 4.5g of total sugar or less per100ml, which is approximately a teaspoon, from this summer. Brands have been scrambling to cut the sugar from drinks after the government announced last year that a tax of 18p or 24p per litre, depending on the sugar content, will be added to fizzy drinks depending on their sugar content. As BuzzFeed News reported, the measure would add 8p to the cost of a can of Coca-Cola and affect other soft drinks like Fanta, Ribena, and Sprite. Dairy drinks and fruit juices will be exempt from the tax, which food and drink companies have called "disappointing".
Bloomberg Markets AM with Pimm Fox and Lisa Abramowicz.
GUEST: Susanne Barton, Bloomberg commodities reporter, on why industry barons see a future in mining asteroids in space for water and minerals.
Running time 06:05
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
A new map geared towards visitors to Jerusalem and the Old City was launched in a special ceremony on Wednesday by Construction and Housing Minister Yoav Galant, in cooperation with the Society for the Rehabilitation and Development of the Jewish Quarter, headed by Chairman Moti Rinkov and the Israel Mapping Center.
The map presents a detailed illustration of the Jewish Quarter in the capital's Old City.
The Housing Ministry explained that on one side is a map of the entire Old City and on the other - a map of the Jewish Quarter. “In the margins of the map there is a lot of information about the tourist attractions and the main sites in the Jewish Quarter, and on the map is a detailed index of sites and streets.”The main tourist routes are highlighted and main tourist sites are marked, which includes, for the first time, all the underground attractions in the Quarter, including the Western Wall tunnels, the new hidden channel connecting the City of David with the Archaeological Park and the Davidson Center.In addition, also for the first time, many other attractions have been made available to the public throughout the Old City, including the Hurva Synagogue, Aish Hatorah, the Tower of David and more. The walking routes in the Jewish Quarter have also been marked out in order to make it easier for visitors to get around the city.One of the special things on the map is the combination of an oro-photo - a colorful picture of an aerial view of the city along with a street map.As part of the project, the Ministry said, the stories behind the historical sites throughout the Jewish Quarter have have been made accessible using barcodes that can be scanned by smartphones - a feature which has been integrated into the map - enabling visitors to hear and read information about the sites they visit and the the stories behind them.Among other things, one can find rare historical pictures of Jerusalem, as well as the possibility of connecting to the Wall cameras live, Segway tours and more.Immediately after the launch, opened tours were held for free to the public, under the theme "Between the Ruins of Glory" led by the instructors Rabbi Yisrael Galis and Tal Hania. The tour is about an hour and a half, and you must register for tours on the site of the Jewish Quarter Development Company in Jerusalem.However, despite the excitement, the launch didn't come without its controversies. The map boasts a picture of Galant on the side, which the Movement for Quality Government has objected to, stressing that he is self-promoting his achievements using public money.In a statement to The Jerusalem Post, the groups' attorney Tomer Naor, director of the legal department, said that “there seems to be a prohibition to use public assets and public funds in order to glorify the name and personal performance of Minister Galant - in a way that leads to election propaganda prohibited by law.“In light of the above, the Movement for Quality Government will immediately turn to Galant and his office to ask for clarifications regarding the costs of advertising, and... submit a petition to the Central Elections Committee accordingly,” he said.Asked to for comment on the matter, the Housing and Construction Ministry said that their legal adviser had approved it and would not comment further.
Have your say
Ebberston, Mulgrave and Ganton emerged as the victors at the first triple-header T20 Cayley Cup Finals Day at North Marine Road on Sunday.
Ganton opened the day with a comfortable nine-wicket win against Kirkbymoorside in the Division Two final, before Mulgrave saw off Sherburn by 28 runs in the Division One final.
Mulgrave skipper Andy Thompson receives the Division One Cayley Cup from president Mark Evans
The day was rounded-off by Ebberston's six-wicket win against Filey in the Premier Division final.
Division Two Cayley Cup final
Ganton 103-1 (Ian Cousins 40no, Robbie Milner 34) beat Kirkbymoorside 97-8 (Oliver Magson 21no, Liam Cousins 2-15, Greg Cousins 2-12, Will Bradley 2-19) by nine wickets.
Ganton captain John Bannister won the toss and put Kirkbymoorside into bat.
That proved to be a good decision as Kirkby lost early wickets and struggled to get to 25-4 against tight bowling.
Only veteran Howard Mudd with 16 and Oliver Magson with 21no reached double figures as they ended up with just 97 -8 at the end of their 20 overs.
Liam Cousins and brother Greg along with Will Bradley took two wickets each and Richard Bannister grabbed one for Ganton with the other being a run out.
In reply Ganton got off to a flying start with Ian Cousins hitting a fine 40 not out and with Robbie Milner added a classy 34, they put on 64 for the opening partnership as Ganton eventually passed their target with the loss of just one wicket in 10 overs.
Kirkby gave away 23 extras with the only wicket to fall being taken by Josh Carter.
The cup was presented to the Ganton skipper by Steve Dodds at the end of the game.
Division One Cayley Cup final
Mulgrave 165-5 ( Alfie Jacobs 36, Chris Knight 43, Aaron Leeman 28, Craig Thompson16no, M Holtby 3-32) beat Sherburn 137 all out ( Dan Simpson 50, Jamie Thompson 22, Craig Thompson 3-24, Carl Woodward 3-18, Mark Jackson 2-8) by 28 runs.
Mulgrave batted first and scored a fine 165-5 with opening pair Alfie Jacobs hitting 36 and Chris Knight 43 in an opening partnership of 90.
The momentum was kept up with Arron Leeman hitting 28 and Craig Thompson with 16 not out. Sherburn gave away a total of 24 extras.
The best bowling came from Michael Holtby with 3-32 with Jamie Thompson and Phil Pickard picking up a wicket each.
In reply Sherburn set off rapidly scoring at over 11 runs an over with Dan Simpson hitting a superb 50, only to be bowled with the next ball after bringing up his half-century.
Jamie Thompson hit a fine 22 and with Mulgrave conceding 30 extras, Sherburn got very near their target.
Craig Thompson for Mulgrave had a fine spell to take 3-24 and along with Carl Woodward's 3-18, Mark Jackson took 2-8 and a wicket from skipper Andy Thompson they held Sherburn back to win by just 28 runs.
The cup was presented to Andy Thompson by Beckett League president Mark Evans at the end of the game.
Premier Division Cayley Cup final
Ebberston 89-4 (Marty Turnbull 30, Ben Lealman 25no, Johnny Mason 19, Phil Dickens 2-9, Ryan Baldrey 2-11) beat Filey 86 all out (Josh Dawson 23, David Brannan 18, Frankie Beal 2-28, Matty Turnbull 2-12, Eddie Swiers 4-19) by six wickets.
Ebberston won the toss and put Filey into bat and fine bowling from Frankie Beal with 2-28 and exceptionally fast bowling from Matty Turnbull with 2-12 Filey struggled to score runs quickly.
Just Josh Dawson with 23 and Filey skipper David Brannan with 18 reached double figures for Filey.
A fine spell of swing bowling from Eddie Swiers with 4-19 and a wicket from Tommy Holmes saw Filey all out for just 86.
In reply Matty Turnbull hit an aggressive 39 and Johnny Mason 19, but two wickets each from Phil Dickens and Ryan Baldry had Ebberston stuttering for a while.
But a fine unbeaten 25 from Ben Lealman saw Ebberston home with just nine balls left from their allotted 20 overs.
Ebberston skipper received the cup from Scarborough Cricket Clubs groundsman John Dodds.
Dodds was thanked for all his hard work for producing the excellent wicket.
Scarborough CC were thanked for the use of their excellent ground.
The umpires on the day namely John Mancrief, Chris Brown, Tony Graves, Graham Griffiths, Steve Dodds and John Wilson were thanked for their excellent work, as well as all the club's scorers.
Special thanks were given to Simon Dobson for all his hard work throughout the season as secretary of the Beckett League.
As both parties implode amid charges of sexual harassment and assault, Minnesota may provide a ray of hope for people of color, who have been under attack by the Trump administration.
RELATED: Rep. Keith Ellison: ‘We Were Held In Slavery Longer Than We've Been Free'
Keith Ellison, 53, the first Muslim American elected to the U.S. Congress and the first African-American to represent The North Star State, is said to be under consideration to replace outgoing Sen. Al Franken. Franken resigned this week in the midst of allegations of sexual harassment, according to media outlets.
But for those of you who do not know, Ellison is a real one.
It's time to #DraftKeith! Keith Ellison authored legislation to tax Wall St., he's an ardent supporter of #MedicareForAll and he fights for workers! Sign the petition for working-class hero @keithellison to fill the empty Senate seat left by Al Franken: https://t.co/7DitRAFgIR pic.twitter.com/4J0KyYlru1 — RoseAnn DeMoro (@RoseAnnDeMoro) December 7, 2017
He was first elected as a U.S. Representative in 2007, and his name was recently floated to be chair of the Democratic National Committee, but he was named deputy to Tom Perez.
“Since coming to Congress, he's been a reliably liberal Democratic vote — he's campaigned on his opposition to the Iraq War and his support for universal health care, and he's been a vocal opponent of voter ID laws,” wrote The Washington Post.
Before becoming an elected official, he worked as a lawyer with the law firm of Lindquist & Vennum, specializing in civil rights, employment, and criminal defense law. He then went on to work as executive director of the Legal Rights Center in Minneapolis, a non-profit organization that specialized in representing clients living in poverty.
He also supported H.R. 40, a measure to Study Reparation Proposals for the African-Americans Act, that has been introduced since 1989 by Rep. John Conyers, who recently retired in the widening sexual assault scandal. Under the proposal, Congress examined slavery, its lasting effects, ramifications on future generations, and how the United States should address the issue.
He also warned a panel on ABC's This Week about President Donald Trump, when few people saw it coming.
Indeed, Ellison seems poised to take up the mantle of the civil rights movement where Conyers left off.
SEE ALSO:
‘Insult To The People:' John Lewis Skipping Civil Rights Museum Debut Due To Trump
Here Is How Black Girl Magic & Hip-Hop Helped Sway Atlanta's Mayoral Race
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Music has become so ingrained in today's culture that many people cannot do without it.
As a college student, I often find myself with my headphones on my head and some kind of music playing almost non-stop. The only times that I don't have my headphones on is when I'm in class, sleeping or talking to someone about something important.
Aside from those three things, my headphones rarely come off, which is something I didn't even realize until people started pointing it out to me. A friend of mine even told me that he has never seen me without my headphones on. Him saying this caused me to question why it is that I almost always have to have music playing, specifically from my headphones. My brother has a high quality speaker system in our suite, but I'll only use it once a week and sometimes not at all.
I think that people listen to music for different reasons and in different quantities. For me, music is mainly just something that helps me think. Regardless of whether I'm doing creative writing, studying art history, or working on an article, I need some music in my ears in order to concentrate. Because I'm almost always doing some form of work, I by default almost always have headphones on.
Most people don't see how the music actually helps me to concentrate because the music has lyrics to it and it can be rather difficult to concentrate when someone is talking in your ear the whole time. However, I think that everyone has been in a situation where music is playing and they are fully aware of the sound, but they aren't paying full attention to it. For example, when people are eating at a restaurant or shopping in a store, they recognize that the music is playing in the background, but it typically doesn't have their attention like it would if they had earbuds in. It's the same thing for me even though the music is quite loud and not easily ignored.
To me, music is something that is just nice to indulge in, although some people like myself probably do it a bit too much. I couldn't remember the last time I walked to class without listening to music, so I decided to give it a try the other day and I was surprised by how different the experience was as a whole.
I had almost forgotten what it's like to hear the normal sounds of the city while walking, and I never realized how much the music disconnects me from the world as far as what my brain does and does not register. However, it was a rather refreshing experience, and one that I can recommend to anyone who constantly listens to music like me.
At the end of the day, music is something that everyone interacts with differently. This is one of the reasons why it's such an accessible thing across the world. Some people listen to it for pure enjoyment, and others use it to help them focus. Luckily, there isn't really a “right” way to listen to music, so everyone is free to enjoy it as they wish, which is a great thing since I would probably have a difficult time getting anything done without it.
Watch kid reporter ask Sarah Sanders about school shootings
What started out as a cute highlight at the daily White House briefing, quickly turned into a poignant moment about children, school shootings and safety.
Mayor Dan Rivera of Lawrence, Massachusetts, is speaking out against Donald Trump after the president blamed his city for the opioid problem in New Hampshire.
President Donald Trump singled out the city of Lawrence, Massachusetts, as a significant source of the drugs pouring into New Hampshire during a speech on his new opioid plan Monday.
Speaking at Manchester Community College, Trump said Lawrence is "one of the primary sources of fentanyl in six New Hampshire counties," according to a Dartmouth College study. He tied this to the fact that Lawrence is a so-called sanctuary city, and also cited the recent arrest of 15 MS-13 gang members in Boston.
"Every day, sanctuary cities release illegal immigrants, drug dealers, traffickers, gang members, into our cities," Trump said. "They're protected by these cities, and you say, 'What are they doing?' They're safe havens for just some terrible people, and they're making it very dangerous for our law enforcement officers.
"You see it all the time," he continued. "As the people of New Hampshire have learned firsthand, ending sanctuary cities is crucial to stopping the drug addiction crisis."
Trump Unveils Opioid Plan in NH
The president was in New Hampshire Monday to speak about the opioid crisis. (Published 6 hours ago)
Lawrence Mayor Dan Rivera fired back at Trump later Monday afternoon.
"I've got a lot of emotions running through me right now, because it's not very often that the president takes your city's name in vain. So I'd like to start by saying shame on the president'" Rivera said. "He's trafficking in pain and divisiveness, creating boogiemen where we need solutions."
Furthermore, Rivera argued, Trump's proposed solution is one that has failed in the past.
"I'm a Reagan baby, I'm a kid from the 80s. I remember the crack epidemic. I remember the 'Just Say No' to drugs campaigns. I remember the increased prison time for dealers and users," he recalled. "But you know what beat the crack epidemic and the cocaine epidemic? It was police practicing community policing, jobs for inner-city kids, and treatment, treatment, treatment. Serious, long-term, expensive treatment."
U.S. Rep. Bill Keating, a Democrat from Massachusetts and a member of the bipartisan Heroin Task Force, agreed that the epidemic should not be combated as a crime.
"Over a decade and a half ago, as Norfolk County district attorney, I started an opioid task force, and what I learned from my experience is that the president has it all wrong," Keating said in a statement. "Back then, I was tasked with the responsibility of approaching it from a criminal side, but I learned this is much more a public health issue. That is why the Centers for Disease Control advocates for an approach of combining medically assisted and behavioral health treatment as the best course."
"Massachusetts has been a leader in treatment and prevention natinwide," Keating added. "While interdiction and law enforcement have a place, the narrow approach that dominated the president's remarks today simply won't work. President Trump is taking us backwards."
Rivera pointed to Trump's earlier criticisms of the Granite State and accused him of politicizing a deadly crisis.
"Talking out of both sides of his mouth today, he went to New Hampshire, smiling in New Hampshire's face, after calling them a 'drug-infested den.' This is not a political problem, this is not a crime problem, this is not an immigration problem. This is a human problem," Rivera said. "This is an American problem, with more than 175 Americans dying every day. And the president continues to treat every problem that faces our country like a campaign rally, and it's not."
New Hampshire Gov. Chris Sununu, who Trump praised in his speech Monday, offered similar criticism of Lawrence a year ago, accusing the city of fueling the Granite State's drug crisis.
Sununu labeled Lawrence as the prime source of fentanyl coming into his state and warned that he was about to "get tough" on dealers across the state border.
Rivera hit back at the time, accusing Sununu of "threatening the sovereignty" of Massachusetts and failing to build enough treatment beds in New Hampshire.
"The opioid crisis is so large that no community is without a problem, and to make it about Lawrence is the trap," Rivera said.
Sununu and Rivera later spoke on the phone, after which Sununu said Lawrence has been "doing a good job" on the opioid issue.
Sununu wasn't the first New England governor to accuse Lawrence, a city of many immigrants, of fueling the region's drug crisis. Maine Gov. Paul LePage said black and Hispanic drug dealers from Lawrence and Lowell were trafficking drugs into his state.
Trump was in New Hampshire on Monday to unveil his plan to combat the country's opioid crisis. His plan calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where it's appropriate under the current law.
Trump's three-part plan includes multiple steps to raise awareness, cut the illicit drug flow and expand proven treatment options.
Thirty French intellectuals have published an appeal for the liberation of journalist Loup Bureau, jailed in Turkey after reporting on a Kurdish militia fighting in Syria.
The 27-year-old reporter has been in jail in eastern Turkey since 26 July and faces charges of "participation in a terrorist group" for filming a television report on the Syrian Kurdish group YPG, which is fighting both Bashar al-Assad's regime and the Islamic State armed group.
The Turkish government says the YPG is part of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), which it describes as "terrorist" due to its long armed conflct with the Turkish state.
The EU and the US have placed the PKK on their terrorist lists but Washington and its allies are working with the YPG in Syria.
The appeal, published in Le Monde newspaper, describes the charge against Bureau as "unjustified, if not absurd" and in breach of international law.
Declaring that they are defending the "universal principal" of tolerance, as well as freedom of thought and conscience and the "duty to inform citizens correctly", the signatories also condemn the "scandalous" imprisonment of other "journalists, artists and intellectuals" in Turkey.
Among the signatories are former education minister Luc Ferry, who is a philosopher by training, former Israeli ambassador to France Elie Barnard, journalists Caroline Fourest and Valérie Trierweiler and philosopher and historian Pierre-André Taguieff.
"Beware of the boomerang effect!" they warn. "It can sometimes turn out to be devastating, often cruel and sometimes fatal, for dictatorships!"
French photojournalist Mathias Depardon who was released in June after being held for a month on charges of supporting terror groups.
All New Leash on Life dogs must be adopted to families willing to have their pets be allowed inside, especially at night and during extreme weather. No dog is allowed to be put on a “tie out” or chain outside and should be walked on a leash when not in a fenced in yard.
From high above, the stealthy Linx waits and watches for the right moment to jump down for attention. Linx is a 1-year-old brown tabby that weighs 8 1/2 pounds. He likes to come over, say hi and ask for a good bit of head scratching and petting. Linx took a few days to adjust and is now enjoying his time at New Leash on Life while waiting to find his fur-ever home. He is litter box trained, neutered, micro-chipped and current on vaccines. Anyone can come meet Linx, and if he is the purr-fect match, he can be adopted for $50.
All cats must be indoor only and shall not be declawed.
Sassy, Linx and many other dogs and cats are available for adoption at New Leash on Life's Adoption Center at 507 W. Baddour Pkwy. in Lebanon. The adoption center is open for adoptions Tuesday through Friday from noon until 5 p.m. and Saturdays from 11 a.m. until 6 p.m. The center is closed Sundays and Mondays. Also visit the Luv-A-Pet Center at the Mt. Juliet PetSmart during regular store hours to meet more of New Leash's kitties available for adoption. New Leash also has dogs available for adoption every Sunday from 1-4 p.m. at the PetSmart in Mt. Juliet at Providence Marketplace. For more information, call 615- 444-1144, look for New Leash on Life on Facebook and visit newleashonline.org.
At Country K-9 Rescue, meet Spring. This happy miss is a border collie/Aussie shepherd mix about 1 1/2 years old. She came to Country K-9 Rescue from a local animal control – found abandoned with her newborn litter of pups. Spring raised the pups, and they were adopted. Now it's Spring's turn to find a forever home. She is friendly, good with other dogs, meets people happily and loves her belly rubs. Spring is current on shots, heartworm negative and will be spayed and micro-chipped before adoption. She would do best in a home with a fenced yard to give her lots of safe outside exercise time. Although she loves her outside time, she has good inside manners, also. For information on Spring, call the kennel at 615-444-8011.
Also at Country K-9 Rescue, Mango is a silly name for this happy, playful pup. She is about 8 months old – a bulldog-pittie mix –friendly and good with other dogs and meeting people. Mango is healthy, spayed, heartworm negative, current on shots and will be micro-chipped for adoption. She was found as a stray, so not much is known about her past, but she would make a happy, loyal pet to her future family. A fenced yard is required for her safe outdoor time. For information on Mango, contact the kennel at 615-444-8011.
One of the goals at Country K-9 Rescue is to reduce unwanted litters by promoting spay and neuter of area cats and dogs. Anyone who needs spay or neuter assistance or information on area programs may contact Country K-9 Rescue at xwilson@yahoo.com or 877-449-5395, and a volunteer will go over available help.
Visit countryk9.petfinder.com or find Country K-9 Rescue on Facebook to see other available rescued pets. All pets are fully vetted and healthy, and dogs are micro-chipped.
And it's kitten season again, a time when many feral or free-roaming cats produce more feral and free-roaming kittens. The litters rarely do well on their own and if they survive, they just continue to add to the stray pet problem. Anyone who knows of free-roaming cats in need of spay or neuter, call the rescue's toll free number at 877-449-5395. Volunteers can loan traps and arrange spay or neuter. Anyone in a position to offer a feral or free-roaming cat a barn or outside home with shelter, the rescue also has some healthy, fixed cats that would love to have a job at a place. The problem won't go away and will only get worse unless the rescue gets help from the people who know of these situations. Please help the volunteers end the cycle of homeless pets.
MEXICO CITY — Mexico's spiraling violence reached new heights with 2,234 murders in June, the country's deadliest month in at least 20 years, according to government data.
Killings rose in states ranging from the tourist haven of Baja California Sur to the Gulf coast state of Veracruz and even in Mexico City, long considered a relative oasis from drug gang violence. For the first six months of 2017, authorities nationwide recorded 12,155 homicide investigations, or 31 percent more than the 9,300 during the same period last year.
Just Friday, the same day the report was released, a marine and four other people were killed when armed forces moved against the leader of the principal fuel-theft ring in the central state of Puebla.
Four of the dead were alleged members of “Los Bukanas,” a violent gang that sells gasoline stolen through illegal taps in the government oil company's pipelines. It's a business that has been estimated to cost the government $1 billion annually and which has grown increasingly violent as authorities try to control it.
Also Friday, the top prosecutor in the western state of Jalisco, Eduardo Almaguer, said authorities discovered two drug cartel training camps where they believe about 40 people had been trapped and trained after being tricked by online job advertisements. An unknown number of human remains were also found.
The victims were apparently lured by job offers for private security guards or municipal police and were then forced to build their own shelters from wood and branches and train in tactics and shooting — using paintball guns — while under guard by gang members, Almaguer said. The investigation that led to the camps started with six similar reports of missing people in June.
“They are recruiting good people who look for employment,” Almaguer said.
On Thursday, a neighborhood on the south side of Mexico City exploded in gunfire and eight people were killed as marines tried to capture the leader of a drug gang that controlled street-level drug sales in part of the city. The gang's semi-automatic rifles and burning vehicle barriers set up to block authorities were reminiscent of perennial hotspots like the border city of Reynosa, but almost unheard of in the capital.
Those events underscore the growing struggles between or against organized crime groups from one end of the country to the other.
Murders remain high in states that have traditionally struggled with violence like Guerrero and Mexico state. But they have also shot up in states unaccustomed to such bloodshed, like Baja California Sur — home to the Los Cabos tourist resorts — and the Pacific coast state of Colima.
The border state of Chihuahua, which had found some relief from violence that peaked in 2010, has found its murders in 2017 running about 55 percent ahead of where they were last year.
HOUSTON (AP) In his first trip to the playoffs since 2013, Mike D'Antoni knows the rub on him is that he's never won a championship.
The 65-year-old first-year coach of the Houston Rockets doesn't spend much time worrying about that criticism.
”That's cool,” he said. ”I know a lot of golfers that didn't win a major and they said: `Oh he can't win the big one.' And then he wins five. It's hard to win a championship.”
It's been one playoff disappointments after another for the innovative coach.
D'Antoni shook up the game by introducing his fast-paced offense to the Phoenix Suns in the early 2000s. His Phoenix team in 2004-05 that was led by Steve Nash won 62 games before losing in the Western Conference finals. A year later the Suns won 54 games but were sent home in the conference finals again. In 2006-07 the Suns won 61 games, but were ousted in the conference semifinals.
In 2005 and 2007 they were eliminated by the San Antonio Spurs, who went on to win the title.
The 2007 season is the last one in which D'Antoni advanced past the first round. In his last three trips to the postseason, 2008 with Phoenix, 2011 with the Knicks and 2013 in Los Angeles, he's managed just one win combined .
He isn't daunted by his postseason misfortune, and is looking forward to changing things this year.
”We'd like to put that to rest,” D'Antoni said. ”I would personally, but everybody would, too. So that's what we're going to work for.”
The Rockets are off to a good start.
Houston rolled to a 1-0 lead in their first-round series against Oklahoma City with a 118-87 win on Sunday night .
The series-opener was a reflection of D'Antoni's success this year.
He has revived his coaching career and put the Rockets back in contention in his first head coaching stint since resigning from the Lakers after going 27-55 in 2013-14. Under his tutelage, Houston shook off last year's disappointing season where it finished eighth in the West and was eliminated in the first round. This year they have the third best record in the NBA.
Perhaps most important to Houston's success was D'Antoni moving James Harden to point guard. The change elevated the five-time All-Star from an elite player in the league to one of its best.
Harden had 22 triple-doubles and finished with 29.1 points, 11.2 assists and 8.1 rebounds – all career-highs – to help Houston to 55 wins a year after the team won just 41 games.
”It's a dream come true,” Harden said of playing in D'Antoni's system.
He went on to explain why he believes D'Antoni has been so successful this season.
”He's confident in what he has,” Harden said. ”He's been doing it for so long he knows that what he does and what he brings to the table works. And his personnel – we just go out there and compete for him and try to win as many games for him.”
Though relying heavily on 3-pointers has long been a hallmark of D'Antoni's offense, he's taken it to another level in Houston. The Rockets set an NBA record this season by making 1,181 3-pointers.
Houston finished the regular season with three of the top 10 3-point shooters in the league. Harden was third with 262, Eric Gordon ranked fourth with 246 and Ryan Anderson made 204 for ninth place.
His work in not only improving the Rockets overall, but getting the most out of his roster has made him a leading candidate for coach of the year.
”What he's so good at is really giving his players confidence and belief in what they're doing, and they're obviously believing,” Warriors coach Steve Kerr said. ”They're having an amazing year, and my guess is that Mike will get the trophy. He's earned it.”
His players certainly feel the same way. They not appreciate his work with them on the court, but the vibe he created in the building from the moment he took over after the players struggled through a season where Kevin McHale was fired after just 11 games last year.
”He doesn't look at you as a number, he looks at you as a player,” Patrick Beverley said. ”He talks to you, you have conversations. You get a coach like that who not only cares about the basketball part but you as a person and as a man you're willing to run through walls for him and as you can tell that's what we've been trying to do this season.”
D'Antoni is excited to see just how far this team can go. He isn't surprised by its success, but there are occasions where he steps back to think about just how thankful he is for this opportunity.
”You just appreciate them every day,” D'Antoni said, ”and it keeps growing.”
—
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Image: Courtesy of Crossway
Centuries before Christians searched Scripture on illuminated digital screens, the Word of God was “lit up” with masterful calligraphy, colorful illustrations, and gold and silver filigree in the illuminated Bibles and manuscripts of the Middle Ages.
A new Bible edition from Crossway offers contemporary readers a glimpse of that classic style in an English Standard Version (ESV) Bible glimmering with hundreds of hand-drawn gold illustrations.
Christian designer Dana Tanamachi, nationally renowned for her chalk art and lettering work, spent seven months creating full-page illustrations for each book of the Bible and served as art director for the project, which follows Crossway's launch of a multi-volume reader's Bible in 2016 and a single-column journaling Bible in 2014.
“I'm not aware of anything else quite like the ESV Illuminated Bible,” J. Mark Bertrand, a Bible design expert who runs the blog Lectio, told CT. “Maybe because the ESV Illuminated Bible is a mass market effort, maybe because of the clear influence of the ‘Bible journaling' trend—which the ESV Journaling Bible helped create—it feels like something unique.”
Even with the growth of Bible sites and apps, around 80 percent of Bible readers—and about as many millennial readers—still prefer to study a physical text. New Bible designs and formats aim to make it easier and more engaging for today's readers to get into the Word.
“Our prayer is that the added ornamentation and illustrations will draw the readers' eyes to the beauty of the Word of God itself,” Crossway writes in the ESV Illuminated Bible.
Several more recent efforts to bring the historic practice of illumination to 21st-century eyes have been designed for galleries and museums, not the Christian bookstore. Almost two decades ago, calligraphers and artists set out to create the Saint John's Bible, the first handwritten, illuminated Bible in 500 years.
Image: Courtesy of Crossway
In 2011, Crossway debuted a manuscript of the Gospels featuring abstract paintings and illuminated capitals by artist Makoto Fujimura; the works—as well as the materials Fujimara used to create them—are now on display in the recently opened Museum of the Bible in Washington.
Tanamachi had everyday readers in mind as she studied and designed in her Seattle studio, hoping the book—filled with 500 illustrations and lettered verses—would become an heirloom for families. (The price point is $40–$50.)
“It's very much steeped in history and tradition, but for the modern eye,” the 32-year-old said, pulling inspiration from art nouveau, the arts and crafts movement, and designers like William Morris and Koloman Moser.
CT's Kate Shellnutt interviewed Tanamachi and Crossway's senior vice president of creative, Josh Dennis, about the art and design featured in the new Bible.
How familiar were each of you with illuminated Bibles? What was your impression or experience with that kind of format or presentation prior to this project?
Dana Tanamachi: It was something we briefly studied in our history of graphic design. I was familiar with the Book of Kells [a ninth-century illuminated Gospel manuscript], super colorful and very dense. I think that's the only one I knew by name. I've always felt like they were almost otherworldly, kind of hard to believe that something like this actually exists in reality, knowing that they were created 100 percent by hand, not on a computer or on a printing press. From afar I have had the utmost respect and reverence for these books and their creators.
Josh Dennis: Working in Bible publishing and knowing how much work goes into producing each edition of a printed Bible, it's remarkable to think that Bibles and other books were at one time only produced in this way. Our Bible manufacturer sometimes says that each Bible we produce is a small miracle, knowing all of the people and steps involved from typesetting and designs, selecting materials and manufacturing. So many things need to come together to create a Bible. How much more amazing is it that all of this used to be done by hand. The amount of craftsmanship and skill required is remarkable.
Image: Courtesy of Crossway
Most people think of illuminated Bibles as historical objects. How do you create an illuminated Bible to be used in the present?
Tanamachi: When I think of an illuminated Bible, I think of something really precious that's like behind glass or is on display at a museum or in a collector's archive somewhere. [When] the original illuminated Bibles were being produced, they were for the wealthy and powerful who could commission them. There's always been these sacred objects that don't necessarily end up in the hands of the people for them to enjoy and explore. With this particular ESV Illuminated Bible, we wanted to create something that was just so to-the-brim with inspired art, something that could be opened hundreds of times and still discover something new. … It's really hard to do in today's digital age where we're always off to the next thing that catches our attention.
When I think of the original illuminated Bibles, I think of very dense art that takes up the whole page and the margins. For this edition we really want people to engage with it, so there's a lot of negative space and wide margins for people to write in it and to do their own Bible journaling.
You use a lot of classic symbols and images, but, like you said, there's a lot of breathing room that gives it a modern feel.
Dennis: There's been kind of a revival in recent years with typography, and sites like Instagram and others have allowed for that and encouraged artists to share their work, making it accessible to anyone. Because of how ubiquitous design has become, there's been a renewed interest in things that are made by hand, requiring skill and craftsmanship.
Dana is so well trained and has such a love and appreciation for historic and vintage typography, which has kind of made her ideal for this project. We wanted to retain some of the traditional elements of the illuminated manuscript. Traditionally, monks and skilled scribes and artisans would use gold-foiled gilding and illustration and lettering and drop caps in their design. We knew that we wanted the artwork to be drawn by hand and that it was important to use gold metallic ink and even gold foil. We wanted this Bible to be connected to the tradition, but we also wanted to use modern methods so that we could pull it off.
Image: Courtesy of Crossway
How does this project relate to the rest of your work at Crossway?
Dennis: In a lot of ways, it's kind of like the culmination of everything that we have learned in Bible printing and production. We have a really amazing Bible production and design team that worked hard to make this Bible happen. I don't think it's something we could have done ten years ago or even five years ago. It's fun to take a step back, now that the Bible has been published and is in print, and just to reflect on how it came together.
Dana, how this did this process compare to other projects you've taken on? So much of your work has been for secular clients and audiences.
Tanamachi: Obviously, there is the sacred aspect of it. It is the Bible, so it is people of faith who read it; it's something for them. That said, I think people can appreciate the art even if they aren't a person of faith.
The main difference to me was the sheer size of the project. I might work on a magazine spread or a book cover that takes a couple of days, or a mural, some type of installation over in a few weeks or a month. To work on something this massive and spread out time-wise was really new. This project took seven months, so it was the only project I worked on for most of this year. I felt really entrenched in it. It felt like part research project, part design challenge.
Also, it was imperative to keep in mind this is something that people are going to be spending a lot of time with. They're going to be reading, relating, mulling over, meditating on it, and I wanted this Bible to be a gift that keeps on giving. A lot of what I typically create, like I said, magazine spreads, book covers, packaging, it often takes more of a passable place in someone's life. They may encounter it, but they're just walking by it or it's on their bookshelf or they may read it once.
I bet it's a good feeling as a designer to know that people are actually going to notice and appreciate all the details.
Tanamachi: It was Josh's idea, in the end, to put an art index in the back. We spent so much time on all this art, and he didn't want it to get lost in translation. He said, “I want people to understand the symbolism and the kind of overarching themes of every book opener illustration.”
When you flip to the back and you see all the thumbnails of all the book opener illustrations, it has a little blurb that tells you what each one is about. I love that people can understand it even on a deeper level. Hopefully, it will help them in their journey through the Scriptures. If they're visual learners, that's a goldmine.
Do you have a favorite illustration?
Tanamachi: I change it all the time. Right now two favorites are probably Ruth and Revelation. The book opener illustration for Ruth looks pretty simple but actually was one of the most challenging for me. Wheat is one of the main pieces of imagery in the story. She loses her husband. She follows Naomi back to her homeland. She meets Boaz. She gleans in his field. And in chapter two, Boaz commends Ruth her loyalty and says, “The God under whose wings she has come to take refuge will reward her.” I love that imagery of wings, wingspan, the comfort and protection that that offers, but also I wanted to incorporate the wheat into it as well. Being able to combine those two symbols into kind of one image I think is really powerful.
Revelation is another favorite because it was the last one that I did, and so I was really almost creatively spent. There were ups and downs in this project for sure. Sometimes it was really meditative and thrilling, and at other times it was grueling. As it all came together, it's one of my favorites with all the symbols in there. It feels more serious and solid and reverent. There's a lot of ink on the page, so it just feels like such a great bookend. I wanted to represent Revelation, but how do you do this in an elegant way without being too scary or too fantastical? To me, this is kind of gateway door with all the symbols in the composition.
And what about you, Josh?
Dennis: My three favorites are Job, Lamentations, and Ezekiel. They're kind of like all in the same genre a little bit for me. I love the subtlety. I was talking about restraint in each illustration, and then just the thoughtfulness and symbolic nature of the artwork, really, to interpret the text in a consistent and profound way. From the beginning, Dana and I both decided that we didn't want to try to interpret the text literally, but instead, Dana selected more symbolic imagery. Because of that, each illustration is almost layered, and it takes some understanding of each book of the Bible. It doesn't have the same impact or effect that traditional Sunday school art would have on the viewer where it's kind of like, “Oh, that's Noah and the ark. I've seen that before.”
Image: Courtesy of Crossway
What do you think God taught you through this project, and how has it changed the way you approach Scripture?
Dennis: I have a high view of Scripture. We wanted to treat it with the greatest care and respect. God loves beauty, so we wanted to honor him through this project with something that was beautiful. But I think the project taught me a lot of other things, even like acting in faith when you don't know exactly what the end result is going to be.
Tanamachi: The project taught me perseverance. Some days, [the work] does come really naturally, and you feel like it's very inspired and meditative and God gives you a very clear idea. Then there are the days where life happens. You have things going on. But you continue to show up. I would move on [if creativity stalled on an illustration], and I could leave it there in faith. It will come when it comes—and it would.
As far as my view of Scripture, I mentioned earlier that there are visual learners, and I'm one of them. For me to be working on the art for each of these books, it definitely gave me a better understanding of the overarching themes in each of the books of the Bible. Now when someone's referencing Ezra or Nehemiah or something, I can recall those illustrations and have a better understanding of the role that each book places in the grander narrative. As a visual learner, there was a lot of giving in this project, but there was also a lot of receiving. It's kind of cheesy, but things do become illuminated as you're so deep into something like this. It would be really hard to walk away and not be affected by it.
How does the illuminated text affect the reader's experience?
Dennis: There are so many nerdy details in there and things I've learned about design and typography, like “Why do the attributes of the typeface that we chose for the text make it easier for the Bible reader to read?” Another one would be line matching, so each of the lines on one side [of the paper] are matched up with the lines on the reverse side. It's a simple thing, but it took us time to learn to do that, and it allows for better show through. Even like the opacity of the paper, that was something that we went back and forth on.
As we've been doing Bible publishing, just like with anything, you learn and you get better at your craft. We've done surveys and paid attention to the marketplace. We also wanted to create something that [readers] may not have known that they did want, but just something beautiful and new.
Tanamachi: What I really appreciate is that [the Crossway designers] are really good at taking away all the distractions. [They] are really good at restraint. Nothing is pulling away from the main thing. It was great to be able to do a project this where there's so much heart, but also their years of expertise on the Bible design side just allowed the art to really shine. They provided the perfect canvas for hundreds of illustrations to have a home.
Fifteen years after the innovative Perry Chan decided to revolutionize the fundraising industry, Kickstarter is still making headlines. The Brooklyn-based crowdfunding startup just poached Erica Baker (Slack, Google) to be its new director of engineering.
Baker made news in 2015 when she aggregated and disseminated the earnings of many of her Google peers. The data that she collected was voluntarily submitted by the participants in her survey. Baker hoped that the data that she collected would highlight unequal pay policies that she and many of her coworkers believed to be widespread at the leader in internet searching. Baker has since been an outspoken advocate for diversity in tech and equal pay for equal work.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Kickstarter is disrupting the way funders connect with creative projects 3:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Baker's hire seems to be in line with Kickstarter's oft mentioned commitment to transparency. In an interview unrelated to Baker's new role, Kickstarter CEO Yancey Strickler had the following to say:
“There's only one way to move forward. And always being very open and direct with people just serves you in the long run.”
Strickler and Charles Adler joined Chan to launch Kickstarter in 2009. Chan hatched the multibillion-dollar crowdfunding idea after failing to raise enough money to fund a Kruder & Dorfmeister concert in New Orleans in 2002.
Today, Chan, Strickler, and Adler are widely lauded as tech and crowdfunding disruptors — a characterization that Strickland rejects.
“Disruptor, to me, feels aggressive,” says Strickler. “Film, games, the art world, product design, technology, these are all industries that are very different in a post-Kickstarter world. But for the most part, we are collaborators.”
Despite Strickler's sentiments, Kickstarter did fundamentally change the project-funding business. Kickstarter has already funded more than 100,000 projects and disseminated over $3 billion dollars for diverse projects. Kickstarter has even gotten the attention of celebrity fundraisers from Zach Braff to Zosia Mamet.
In 2013, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences honored its first Kickstarter-funded film, “Inocente,” with an Oscar — shattering all conventions surrounding feature film production and fundraising. And the public can likely expect Kickstarter to push boundaries for many years to come.
“As a leader, as a founder, that is your responsibility,” says Strickler. “To always see what it could be and to push for that — to advocate for that.”
This hit, from Washington's Tom Wilson, is not a hockey play. It's not a guy finishing his check. It's not the price you pay in the playoffs. It's not borderline, it's not old-school. It's not anything more than Wilson trying to hurt Vegas' leading scorer in the playoffs, Jonathan Marchessault, with a cowardly blindside hit.
Tom Wilson….you can't do that pic.twitter.com/HF4mORSowc — Pete Blackburn (@PeteBlackburn) May 29, 2018
Wilson, who denied that he was trying to hurt anyone, was only given a 2-minute interference call during the game; the officials appeared to miss the play, since Marchessault had gotten rid of the puck a full second earlier. The league had a chance to do the right thing after the fact but didn't even bother with a hearing for Wilson, a notorious repeat offender and told ESPN the hit didn't warrant suspension because it was “shoulder to shoulder rather than a hit to the head” and “within the flow of the game.”
The first explanation ignores even the most basic science surrounding concussions. Your brain is essentially a big ball of jello floating inside your skull; any jarring hit might cause enough movement to force a concussion. Marchessault was, in fact, sent off the ice due to the NHL concussion protocol, but later returned.
The second reason given is simply disappointing. Presented with the chance to take control of the flow of its game — and sideline a dangerous, disrespectful player — the NHL passed. This probably shouldn't be surprising, as the NHL somehow lags behind even the NFL in acknowledging the long-term impact of repeated blows to the head and is currently fighting a class action lawsuit from players claiming the league failed to protect them.
But it's upsetting because the NHL has moved forward. The league has changed dramatically in the last two decades. Or, more precisely, it has cut down on the dangerous sideshow of fighting. There were 280 fighting majors this year, according to HockeyFights.com, down from 803 in 2000-01.
Part of the reason players stopped squaring off so frequently is tragic: fighters started dying. They battled depression — a tell-tale sign of traumatic brain injury — and couldn't find their way out. Three — Derek Boogard, Rick Rypien and Wade Belak — died in a span of four months in 2011, the first from a mixture of opioids and alcohol, the latter two of suicide. Bob Probert had died the year before and was found to have chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), the brain-wasting disease most closely associated with football. Steve Montador, not an enforcer by trade but a combatant in 60 NHL fights who'd had a concussion at the end of his career, died mysteriously in 2015, four days before the birth of his son and was diagnosed with an extensive case of CTE.
Other former player-pugilists — like Stephen Peat and Daniel Carcillo — have been vocal about sharing stories of issues such as anxiety, depression and memory loss they suspect are the result of repeated blows to the head.
So fighting — something most players never relished anyway — waned. But the NHL also helped the cause by punishing hits that were late and high, making it less necessary for teams to practice the sort of vigilante justice that led to them using a roster spot on a fighter in the first place. It used to be that goons served as a sort of deterrent, there to protect star players especially but to ensure that no liberties were taken with teammates. They would fight anyone who stepped out of line, and they were very good at fighting. Less so at hockey.
As the game has grown faster and been opened up by closer officiating, most teams have drifted away from having enforcers, opting instead for well-rounded players. There are still plenty of scrums, but far fewer staged bouts where messages were supposedly sent.
Here's where I should admit: I remember those days sort of fondly. I re-watch great Philadelphia Flyers brawls and remember just about every Eric Lindros fight ever. But I grew up thinking the worst that might come from such scraps is a cut, or maybe in the extreme case a broken orbital bone. We know more now, and the game, thankfully, has adapted.
Now the sport of hockey is far more focused on speed and skill; only 17.86 percent of games featured at least one fight this year. The Golden Knights, who take a 1-0 series lead over the Capitals into the second game of the Stanley Cup Final tonight, fought all of eight times during the regular season. Twenty years ago a team of players thrown together via expansion draft likely would have tried to brawl its way to wins (or at least attention from fans); the Columbus Blue Jackets fought 48 times in their first season (2000-01) and 64 their second. Instead the Golden Knights have used a relentless, thrilling attack to make it three games from what would be the most unexpected sports title in U.S. history.
It's entirely possible that Ryan Reaves, a hulking forward for the Golden Knights, will end up going after Wilson tonight. Even 10 years ago it wouldn't have been a question. But Reaves' season is illustrative of how the role of enforcers has changed: he was brought in, with much fanfare about his ability to protect Sidney Crosby, by the Pittsburgh Penguins last summer. But he lasted only 58 games, and with the Golden Knights has been a part of an effective fourth line; he scored the game-tying goal in the third period Monday.
Yet whatever remains of the hockey player's code could surface here, and maybe rightfully so; the officials and NHL had no desire to protect a star player (Marchessault said after the game he expected the league to “take care of it”) from an illegal hit that had not other purpose but to cause harm. Reaves — or his coaches — may feel the need to do something.
The NHL, for the good of the game and the health of its players, never should have let it get that far.
The boys are seen wrapped in blankets and with divers, as a huge operation continues to free them.
Couple slept in disgusting bed bug infestation for years A disgusting video shows thousands of bed bugs crawling around a bedroom where a couple slept throughout a six-year infestation. The blanket on top of the bed is covered in...
Airport terminal removes seats after bedbug infestation It's not the news you want to hear before the holiday travel season, but Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport says they're dealing with a bed bug issue inside Terminal 4. An...
Woman slams British Airways over bed bug-infested flight A mom has hit out at British Airways claiming she and her daughter, 7, were left bleeding after being ravaged by bed bugs during a flight to London Heathrow. Heather...
Poop and germs are everywhere: Here's how to avoid getting sick Everyone hates getting sick, but while most of us blame a sniffly colleague or that guy on the bus who didn't cover his mouth when he coughed (gross!), the real...
The building management used me as bedbug 'bait': suit A Bronx woman is bugging out, claiming her building's exterminators told her to stay in her apartment as bedbug “bait” after her apartment was sprayed for the pests, according to...
Angry tenant allegedly dumped bedbugs inside city office AUGUSTA, Maine — The city manager in Augusta, Maine, says the municipal office building had to be sprayed for bedbugs after a man threw a cup of the pests onto...
'Living hell': Woman gets hundreds of bedbug bites at the Bahamas' Atlantis A Florida woman got more than just a tan from the luxe Atlantis Paradise Resort in the Bahamas. Cindi Avila is taking legal action after she woke up at the...
The 50 most bed bug-infested cities in America For the first time, Baltimore has topped pest control company Orkin's list of the top 50 cities with the most bed bug treatments, a ranking based on national home and...
Jazz musician claims landlord planted bedbugs in his apt An elderly Manhattan jazz musician believes his landlord is trying to drum him out of his rent-controlled East Village apartment. Wilbert Perry, 79, pays $380 a month for an East...
JAKARTA, Indonesia — Prominent Papuans pleaded for the U.S. to give them money and arms in the mid-1960s to fight Indonesia's colonization of their vast remote territory, according to recently declassified American files that show the birth of an independence struggle that endures half a century later.
The documents add to the historical evidence of deep Papuan grievances against Indonesia at a time when clashes between rebels and Indonesian security forces have flared in the impoverished region and Papuan nationalists have succeeded in drawing more attention to their cause at the United Nations. Indonesia's defence minister said last week that activists who attended a recent pro-Papuan independence meeting in Vanuatu should be arrested on return to Indonesia.
The files are among the thousands of pages of cables between the State Department and the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta from the 1960s that were declassified earlier this year. The 37 boxes of telegrams are stored at the National Archives and Records Administration in Maryland and researchers are working on making them available online.
Papua, which makes up the western half of the giant island of New Guinea, remained in Dutch hands after Indonesia shook off colonial rule at the end of World War II. Many Indonesians saw their government's campaign in the early 1960s to take Papua from the Dutch as the final victory in their struggle for independence. But to Papuans, with a Melanesian culture and history distinct from Southeast Asia, Indonesia was a hostile colonizer.
The rest of the world looked away as a rigged vote of a little more than 1,000 hand-picked and closely managed Papuans cemented Indonesia's control in 1969. The Netherlands, which before annexation was preparing Papua for self-rule, did not object. The U.S., which in 1967 helped American mining company Freeport secure rights to exploit rich copper and gold deposits in Papua, did not want to upset a status quo favourable for U.S. business or destabilize Indonesia's pro-U.S. government.
An April 1966 cable from the State Department recorded the “eloquence and intensity” of Markus Kaisiepo, an exiled Papuan leader, who spoke with a senior U.S. official about the “desperate plight of the Papua people under Indonesian rule.”
Kaisiepo said Papuans were determined to have independence but were completely without financial resources or the military equipment needed to “rise against the Indonesian oppressors.”
Kaisiepo, whose son would also become a prominent advocate for Papuan independence, asked if the U.S. “could provide money and arms secretly to assist him and his movement.” He was rebuffed, as was another Papuan leader, Nicolaas Jouwe, who made a similar request to the U.S. in September 1965 and also to Australia.
The documents also show how officials looted the region after Indonesia annexed it in 1962 and brought about a collapse in living standards, stoking anger that boiled over into outright rebellion. But the biggest source of resentment was Indonesia's reluctance to honour its U.N.-supervised and U.S.-brokered treaty with the Netherlands, which mandated that Papuans would decide in a plebiscite whether to stay with Indonesia or become self-ruled.
After U.N. troops left Papua, Indonesians systematically looted public buildings and sent the booty to Jakarta, the April 1966 cable said, citing Kaisiepo. Hospitals built by the Dutch were stripped of beds, X-ray equipment and medicines, desks were taken from schools and soldiers stole anything “that took their fancy” from private homes.
Other cables citing American missionaries working in Papua described widespread food shortages, and how Indonesian officials bought up all consumer goods and shipped them out of Papua for a profit. When shipments of goods and food arrived at ports, Indonesian troops would commandeer them.
Victor Yeimo, chairman of the pro-Independence West Papuan National Committee, said the documents are “very important” because they provide evidence of crimes against Papuans by the Indonesian military and the U.S. role in denying self-determination. Administratively, Indonesia divides the region into two provinces, Papua and West Papua, but Papuans refer to both as West Papua.
“Information gained from these documents shows the world and today's generation that the U.S. and Indonesia have been hand-in-hand in hiding the truth all along. The economic and political interests of the U.S. played a big role in West Papua's colonization,” Yeimo said. “We, West Papuans, have been butchered since Indonesia first entered our land and up to now. And we have never seen any justice.”
Papuans were not without supporters in the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta but their views did not prevail. In August 1965, the embassy's political officer Edward E. Masters recommended the department leak word of violent uprisings against Indonesia's rule in Papua to the world press. Without the glare of publicity, Papuans would suffer “complete colonial subjugation” by Indonesia, he wrote in a prescient cable.
Citing the U.S. role in negotiating the 1962 treaty between the Netherlands and Indonesia, Masters wrote “we would appear to have a special responsibility to see that the terms of that treaty concerning ascertainment of the true wishes of the Papuan people are respected.”
Another cable written by Ambassador Marshall Green, however, described Papuans as “stone-age” people. Their “horizons are strictly limited,” it said, and they weren't capable of deciding their own future, contradicting other assessments by the embassy of Papuans' widespread desire for independence.
Word of violent uprisings, which began about March 1965, began trickling out of Papua as American missionaries who were working in the region visited Jakarta and embassy officials tapped sources in the Indonesian military for information.
In June 1965, rebels launched a full-scale attack on a government post in the town of Wamena that killed at least a dozen Indonesian soldiers and an unknown number of Papuans.
“No figure on the number of Papuans killed is available but one informant described it as a ‘slaughter,' since almost the only weapons in the hands of the highland Papuans were knives and bows and arrows,” said a cable sent two months later.
The same document reported that rebels overran most of Manokwari, a major coastal town, in early August and held it for a week until beaten back by Indonesian soldiers.
A massacre by Indonesian forces the previous month may have been a catalyst for that attack.
A Dutch missionary told U.S. officials that rebels had shot three soldiers raising a flag in a valley near Manokwari in late July.
“Indo reaction was brutal,” said a cable transmitted in September 1965. “Soldiers next day sprayed bullets at any Papuan in sight and many innocent travellers on roads gunned down. Bitterness thus created not easily healed.”
By early 1967, there were persistent rumours within Indonesia and abroad that 1,000 to 2,000 Papuans had been killed by an Indonesian air force bombing campaign.
The Indonesian government denied it, asserting instead that 40 tribesmen were killed in “strafing” runs by an air force bomber in response to an ambush of paramilitary police, according to an April 1967 cable.
The number of police wounded in the ambush: two.
——
Follow Wright at http://www.twitter.com/@stephenwrightAP
The main event on Raw from Columbus featured The Big Show and Braun Strowman battling on Monday in Columbus, Ohio.
The big men put on feats of strength and agility during the give-and-take bout.
However, the finish left the crowd roaring in amazement.
Watch as Strowman suplexes The Big Show off the ropes and then …. this happened:
[embedded content]
It's not the first time the gimmicked ring has been totaled by The Big Show's mass. However, the story line has been used infrequently enough that it remains jaw-dropping when it happens.
[embedded content]
Mark Henry vs. The Big Show
Clearly the story about Jesus' body being stolen is patently false, and doesn't jibe with St. John's account of what he saw in the empty tomb. The story of the guards is less believable than the unique claims of the Gospel; Jesus fulfilled every promise and prophecy of Sacred Scripture. Our hope of salvation and eternal life rests on the Rock of Faith.Ave Maria!Mass: Monday of Easter Week - Wkdy1st: Act 2:14, 22-32Resp: Ps 16:1-2, 5, 7-8, 9-10, 11 0Gsp: Mt 28:8-15
Series on Airmaria Select Category Air Maria Series (9,366) Homily (5,440) Specials (111) St. Mary's, Baltic, CT (180) Mt. St. Francis (197) Griswold, CT (2,114) Perth, Australia (83) Shrine, La Crosse, WI (78) Lanherne Friars (46) Stoke-on-Trent, UK (29) Bloomington, IN (1,127) On The Road (5) St Johns, Bloomington (61) New Bedford, MA (495) Promo (13) Face of Pro-Life (156) Special Event (71) Immaculate Music (53) News (823) Fi News (383) AirMaria Updates (60) World Review (13) Roving Reporter (133) Vatican (21) Rome Reports (27) No Apologies (122) 10 Most Popular (16) Book Log (15) Variety (292) Ave Maria Meditations (1,233) Marycast (407) Marycast Specials (221) 5th Marian Dogma for Beginners (11) Historical Highpoints of Mary Coredemptrix (16) Our Lady of All Nations (26) Our Lady of Akita (5) OLO America (8) OLO Lipa (5) Queen of Angels (3) Vatican Council II (12) From the Web (309) Friar Tech (10) Mission Down Under (214) Live Events (17) Live Archive (4) Conferences (326) Behold Your Mother Conference (12) Amsterdam 2008 (18) Mariae Advocatae Causa (5) Relevance of Marian Coredemption (6) Our Lady of All Nations 2008 (7) Scotus Mariology, Durham 2008 (13) Coredm Greenwood 2007 (0) Coredm La Crosse 2009 (8) Coredm La Crosse 2010 (8) Newman-Scotus DC 2010 (17) OLO All Nations LI 2011 (3) Card Arinze RI 2011 (0) Courage Chicago 2011 (8) Queen of the Americas 2011 (1) Canon Law La Crosse 2011 (0) Ct Birthright 2010 (2) Short Conferences (2) Coredm La Crosse 2011 (6) Courage Emmitsburg 2012 (9) Courage Syracuse 2012 (0) Courage Chicago 2013 (10) Courage Philly 2014 (11) Courage Chicago 2015 (16) Priests Retreat 2015 (13) Fr Peter Symposium ND (13) Random Conferences (11) Priests Retreat 2012 (8) A Year of Faith in Mary (3) MIM Retreat 2012 (4) Conference for Mothers (3) 2nd Mens Leadership Conference (12) Heroic Virtue Conference (4) Lent 2016 Fr. Hollowell (3) Confidence in God (8) Penance Fr. Ignatius 2016 (0) Notre Dame MI 2016 (0) Spring 2016 Marian Day (3) Fr. Casey – Mercy, Jesus' Own Words (4) 8 Day Ignatian Retreat (25) Priests Retreat 2016 (3) Life Teen Leadership Retreat (1) Marian Shrines of the World (25) Fatima Reflections (7) A Day With Mary (200) Australia (63) UK (31) USA (3) FI Missions (8) Tour of the Catechism (80) Mariology for Everyone (40) Mary Now (51) Fatima 100 Years (0)
(Anheuser-Busch via AP). This image released by Anheuser-Busch shows actor Chris Pratt in a scene from a Michelob Ultra commercial. Pratt, the star of the "Jurassic World" and "Guardians of the Galaxy" film franchises, will make his advertising debut o...
(Anheuser-Busch via AP). This image released by Anheuser-Busch shows actor Chris Pratt in a scene from a Michelob Ultra commercial. Pratt, the star of the "Jurassic World" and "Guardians of the Galaxy" film franchises, will make his advertising debut o...
(Courtesy of Groupon via AP). This frame grab from video provided by Groupon shows a scene from the company's Super Bowl spot. For the 2018 Super Bowl, marketers are paying more than $5 million per 30-second spot to capture the attention of more than 1...
(Courtesy of Lexus via AP). This photo provided by Lexus shows an image of the Lexus "Black Panther" Super Bowl spot. For the 2018 Super Bowl, marketers are paying more than $5 million per 30-second spot to capture the attention of more than 110 millio...
(Coca-Cola via AP). This photo provided by Coca-Cola shows a scene from the company's Super Bowl spot. For the 2018 Super Bowl, marketers are paying more than $5 million per 30-second spot to capture the attention of more than 110 million viewers.
By MAE ANDERSON
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Peyton Manning takes a family to Universal Parks & Resorts. Chris Pratt works out to get in shape to tout Michelob Ultra. Bill Hader takes a break on set to snack on some Pringles.
This year's Super Bowl advertisers are minding their manners. They're trying hard to steer clear of everything from politics to the #MeToo movement with lightly humorous ads that don't offend.
The goal is to capture the attention of the 111 million-plus viewers expected to tune in Sunday when the Philadelphia Eagles take on the New England Patriots. Thirty-second slots are going for more than $5 million for airtime alone.
Last year, ads that tackled political issues fell flat, like an 84 Lumber ad about immigration. And some thought the recent Grammy Awards' low ratings were because the show contained too many political moments, such as Hillary Clinton reading from the Trump biography "Fire and Fury."
People are in the mood for "political-free entertainment," said Kim Whitler, a marketing professor at the University of Virginia.
Several ads will be taking a light-humor approach with mostly male celebrities. PepsiCo brands Doritos Blaze and Mountain Dew Ice are showcased in two 30-second linked spots showing Morgan Freeman and Peter Dinklage in a lip sync rap battle.
In a Pringles ad , Bill Hader has a snack on set and introduces a made-up practice dubbed "flavor stacking," in which he mixes and matches different Pringles varieties. M&Ms enlisted Danny DeVito to embody what happens when a red M&M becomes a person after wishing on a lucky penny.
Keanu Reeves surfs on his motorcycle through the desert in an ad for Squarespace. Chris Elliott lives in a bio dome to tout avocados from Mexico, while "Stranger Things" star David Harbour shows up in Tide's commercial.
"They're light hearted and good natured," Whitler said. "That's on target with the mood of the country."
"We're exposed to so much constant negativity," said Andy Goeler, a marketing executive at Bud Light. "Delivering something just light hearted and fun is the root at what beer is all about." The brand's two spots showcase a mythical kingdom a la "Game of Thrones" centered on Bud Light and the catchphrase "Dilly Dilly."
Amazon's 90-second fourth-quarter ad stars a bevy of celebrities who sub for the voice of Amazon's Alexa voice assistant: singer Cardi B, actress Rebel Wilson, star chef Gordon Ramsey and even actor Anthony Hopkins putting a Hannibal Lector spin on things. Leading up to the halftime show, Pepsi's ad references past celebrities who have appeared in Pepsi Super Bowl ads: Britney Spears, Michael Jackson, Cindy Crawford and others.
Nonetheless, two Super Bowl ads are bucking the trend and sidling up to political issues, however obliquely.
Coca-Cola's anthemic 60-second ad features varieties of Coke, from Coke Zero to the stevia-flavored Coke Life, quaffed by women, men and a person who uses the "they" pronoun.
"There's a Coke for he, and she and her and me and them," a voiceover states.
Coca-Cola executives say the ad highlights the diversity the company has always used in its advertising, adding that they consulted African-American and LGBTQ groups among its own employees. A biracial couple and a person in a wheelchair also appear in the spot.
"We want to celebrate all the people that make up the world," Coca-Cola executive Brynn Bardacke said. "We don't want to exclude anyone."
On the other hand, WeatherTech, which makes car mats and other interior car products, has a staunchly pro-American approach in its ad, which shows the construction of a factory that opened late last year.
"At WeatherTech, we built our factory right here in America," the ad's text reads. "Isn't that the way it is supposed to be?"
It's the fifth year WeatherTech has advertised in the Super Bowl touting its all-American operations. Founder and CEO David MacNeil said his ad doesn't have typical Super Bowl accoutrements - "no ponies, no puppies, no pretty girls" - but said it's straight to the point about its message.
"Isn't it just logical to build your own factory in your own country so your own fellow citizens can have jobs?" he said. He said he doesn't believe the ad might be divisive. "It wouldn't occur to me that I could offend anyone by supporting my own country," he said.
While the majority of advertisers release their ads ahead of time to try to drum up publicity, there are some holdouts. Fiat Chrysler usually appears during the game without advance warning. Other advertisers that have remained mum about their plans so far include E-Trade and Monster Products.
"It may be that advertisers with risky ads are waiting for the game, hoping to protect the surprise and break through the clutter," said Tim Calkins, a marketing professor at Northwestern University.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
Andrien White, Charlotte's second-leading scorer last season, said Wednesday he has been granted a release from the 49ers. Benjamin Robson
The US economy grew at an annual rate of 2.2 per cent, slightly less than the forecast 2.3 per cent.
The Commerce Department released the figures on Wednesday, and said exports, inventory investments and consumer spending were weaker than first reported.
The declines exacerbated the slowdown from the fourth quarter of 2017 when the GDP rose by 2.9 per cent.
The report showed consumer spending increased 1.0 per cent in the first quarter, rather than the forecast 1.1 per cent. It marked the weakest growth in almost five years.
Spending on home building fell 2.0 per cent.
Business investment on the other hand was higher than previously reported, driven by a more than 10% increase in spending on intellectual property.
The Commerce Department said a robust labour market and income tax cuts were likely to boost activity this year.
It said the tax cut, which reduced the corporate rate from 35% to 21%, was already having an impact.
Other data showed private employers maintaining a steady pace of hiring in May, and the goods trade deficit falling in April.
The reports added to solid April data on retail sales, business spending on equipment and industrial production.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Crews from the Wayne Township Fire Department battled an apartment fire on Friday night.
Firefighters were called to the 5800 block of Magdalene Drive at the West Lake Arms Apartments just before 10:30 p.m. and arrived to find heavy fire showing.
Three townhouse units sustained smoke damage, while one unit sustained severe fire and smoke damage, according to Wayne Township Fire Department.
A woman was transported to Sidney & Lois Eskenazi Hospital for injuries that did not appear to be life-threatening, the department said.
The cause of the fire had not been determined on Friday night.
The number of GP surgeries in Tayside is at its lowest level for 13 years, an investigation has shown.
Freedom of information request to NHS Tayside revealed that the number of surgeries across the region has dropped by more than 10%. In 2005, there were 73 GP surgeries across the health board area — whereas now there are only 65.
The figures have emerged in the wake of a national shortage of trained general practitioners.
Dr Andrew Cowie, chairman of the Tayside Local Medical Committee, insisted the drop in surgery numbers wasn't all bad news.
He said: “Number of surgeries and number of GPs are slightly different things — practices across the UK tend to be getting bigger, and so there tend to be fewer of them.
“Some of the outcomes for this are good.
“Single-handed practices can be isolating and there are clear efficiencies in management structure for larger surgeries, as the amount of paperwork has grown.
“Larger practices are more resilient — if you are one GP down out of three that is difficult to maintain over any length of time, whereas if there are six partners you can often hold things together longer.”
Dr Cowie said a downside of larger practices was patients having to travel further, and often having to see a different doctor at each appointment.
He added: “Ideally the number of GPs would be increasing, even as the number of surgeries falls.
Unfortunately, this isn't happening, and this is the real problem.
“We had six fewer GPs join practices in Tayside than leave them in 2015, and another four in 2016.
This doesn't even allow for the fact that those joining practices are often part-time, so the reduction in total hours is certainly greater than this.
“There are some small compensating factors — practices are training up more advanced nurse practitioners and getting some help from pharmacists.
“But ultimately across the UK, we just don't have enough medical students wanting to be GPs.
“This leads to increasing stress on those that have signed up to partnerships, and we're seeing earlier retirement on top of everything else.
“Very few of us feel we have the capacity to offer the service we want to.”
An NHS Tayside spokeswoman said: “No GP surgeries have closed. The number of GP surgeries can vary as a result of the dissolution and amalgamation of practices.”
President Donald Trump's executive order barring US entry by immigrants and refugees from seven Muslim-majority nations dominated the global conversation. But it's just one of several important executive orders the Trump administration has made to change the processes and rights available to undocumented people, including refugees, a new report says.
Deborah Anker, a Harvard Law School professor and director of the Harvard Immigration and Refugee Clinical Program, wants to draw attention to the interior and border enforcement executive orders that have not gotten a lot of publicity.
What they amount to, she says, is “massive detention and deportation without the priorities set out by previous administrations.” The president “has called for the construction of detention facilities across the southern border,” given agents license to make arrests on the “mere suspicion” of undocumented status and greatly diminished the possibility for appeal.
For her, all of these moves are troubling, but it's most problematic for refugees.
Not only is taking in refugees central to American core values, it's also the law, she says. The US is a party to the 1967 Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees, and the standards it lays out.
In all, Anker notes, these actions aren't a continuation of the Obama administration's deportation momentum, but rather "represents a significant shift in safety, particularly for those petitioning for asylum." The report, released last week, “concludes that asylees are no longer safe.” The expansion of the expedited removal process — meaning many potential refugees may be deported before they are able to even make a claim — is alarming for immigration and refugee law experts like Anker.
Anker and her program are concerned to such an extent that they have addressed a formal letter to the Canadian minister of immigration, pleading with him to remove the US "safe" status, so that refugees already in the US can seek formal help at the Canadian border.
"The presumption is that the United States is a safe country so they don't need to request protection in Canada if they can already request asylum, protection or refugee status in the United States," says Mitchell Goldberg, president of the Canadian Association of Refugee Lawyers, in a CBC News story.
Canada is already experiencing a rash of unsafe border crossings. Immigrant clinics in Toronto are treating women and children for frostbite and exposure to the cold as they make the journey across the US border in unheated vans, to seek refugee status in Canada. Removing the US' designation as a safe country for refugees, Anker says, would change that. It would allow undocumented people eligible for refugee status to use traditional formal border crossings and seek safety outside the US.
From PRI's The World ©2016 PRI
What to Know The elementary school teacher allegedly refused to allow a teacher to take breaks to pump breast milk
Amid pressure, he eventually created a schedule for her to pump but still often wouldn't let her take the breaks, according to a report
Another principal in the South Orange-Maplewood district was recently under fire for allegedly mocking a little person
An elementary school principal in New Jersey was suspended Saturday for allegedly refusing to give a teacher who was returning from maternity leave breaks to pump breast milk, according to a published report.
Damion Frye was suspended as principal of Seth Boyden School during a meeting of the South Orange-Maplewood Board of Education, the Village Green reported. Vice Principal Raquel Horn was named acting principal.
Frye allegedly said in front of several people that he didn't want to encourage teachers to have babies or create a comfortable work environment for returning mothers, the newspaper reported.
Citing several unnamed sources, the newspaper reported Frye refused to give breaks to a teacher who returned from maternity leave in January so she could pump breast milk. After the administration intervened, he created a schedule for her to pump, but still often wouldn't let her take the breaks.
Furthermore, she was only allowed to pump in a bathroom with an unlocked door, the newspaper reported.
Frye asked that all press inquiries be directed to the director of strategic communication.
Board of Education President Elizabeth Baker said the district couldn't publically discuss personnel matters.
Also on Saturday, the board of education made the former principal of Marshall School a "Principal on Special Assignment." Bonita Samuels was suspended in January for allegedly mocking a student teacher who is a little person.
DAYTON – One person is in critical condition, as Dayton Police investigate multiple shootings near the same area Monday night.
Authorities were dispatched to the 800 block of Boone Place, near Germantown Street, just after 8:30 p.m.
Regional Dispatch says a victim's neighbor reported hearing gunshots, before finding one victim alive and breathing with gunshot wound.
Police also say another person was shot at the near that location. One victim is in critical condition and the other has suffered non-life threatening injuries.
We have a crew on the scene and will update the story as more information becomes available.
Bruno Mars and Cardi B are capitalizing on success from their collaboration and bringing it to the people.
After scoring the three biggest prizes at the Grammys this year, Bruno announced yesterday that he's up for another round of shows.
What if I told you I wanna do one more U.S tour so we could celebrate 24k Magic together one last time….. — Bruno Mars (@BrunoMars) February 2, 2018
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
A Bruno Mars show is always a good time, but just a few moments later, he hit us with the news that Cardi B would be joining him!
Bruno had such a great time performing with Cardi at the Grammys that he had to bring her along. Their collaboration on the Finesse remix has been a huge hit, and fans are loving the 90s aesthetic. As such, it was only right that their short tour be sponsored by Cross Colours.
Bruno and Cardi will be dripping finesse all over the U.S. and Canada for 12 shows. Check out a full list of their stops below!
The Finale. 🍾🥂 #24kmagicworldtour A post shared by Bruno Mars (@brunomars) on Feb 2, 2018 at 2:56pm PST
RELATED STORIES:
Bruno Mars Wins Big: 2018 Grammy Awards
Cardi B & Bruno Mars Pay Homage To ‘In Living Color' With The 90s Inspired ‘Finesse' Video
Not Today! Woman Accuses Bruno Mars Of Cultural Appropriation & Black Twitter Shuts Her Down
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
A group of conservative members of Congress wrote President Donald Trump Monday, urging him to fire National Institutes of Health director Dr. Francis Collins because he is not pro-life enough.
They specifically object to Collins's support of stem cell research and the use of human embryos in scientific research.
Stem Cell Research.Experimenting with cells in petri dish by adding fluid from a pipette, used in therapeutic cloning, microbiology, genetic engineering and pharmaceutical research. Andrew Brookes / Getty Images/Cultura Exclusive
The 41 House members who signed the letter describe themselves as “staunchly pro-life members of Congress”. They oppose abortion rights and some scientific research involving human embryos.
Federal law prohibits the use of federal funds to destroy a human embryo but former president Barack Obama explicitly encouraged the NIH in 2009 to make use of human embryonic stem cells made in private labs.
“Our underlying concern remains that Dr. Francis Collins will continue to pursue unethical human embryonic research priorities left over from the previous administration,” the congressmen and women wrote in their letter to Trump.
“While we deeply respect Dr. Collins's Christian faith and commitment to public service, the stances that Dr. Collins has taken in the past regarding embryonic stem cell research and human cloning are not life-affirming and directly conflict with the pro-life direction of your new presidency.”
Collins describes himself as a practicing Christian and has said it's not at all difficult to reconcile science and faith.
Related: Court Rules Controversial Stem Cell Research is Legal
The embryonic stem cells at issue are the body's master cells. Found in days-old embryos, they are the source of all the cells and tissues in the body – blood, brain, bone and muscle.
Researchers are studying them to investigate how disease develops and are using some as transplants to treat diseases from Parkinson's to diabetes. They are being tested in people to repair spinal cord injuries and as a possible cure for some forms of blindness.
There are other ways to make stem cells, and there are other types of stem cells, but embryonic stem cells are the most powerful and flexible source.
Opponents of the research say it's unacceptable to destroy a human embryo to get the cells. The 1996 Dickey-Wicker amendment, added by Congress to budget language every year, forbids the use of federal funds in research that destroys embryos.
Supporters of the research note that hundreds of thousands of human embryos are in frozen limbo, left over from lab-assisted fertility treatments, and that most would be destroyed.
Obama's executive order encouraged the NIH to pay for embryonic stem-cell research, so long as federal money wasn't used to directly make the stem cells. To get the cells, someone in a private lab using private money has to take apart the embryos. Federal funds may be used to work with the cells that private labs make available.
Related: Hundreds of Clinics Offer Unproven Stem Cell Research
The NIH keeps a list of the acceptable sources for use in federally funded research. There are no restrictions on labs using private funds and some states, such as California, pay fo rit.
It's also possible to make the cells via processes used to clone animals, including somatic cell nuclear transfer.
“In a PBS interview on July 21, 2006, Dr. Collins specifically supported the creation of cloned human embryos that would be destroyed to harvest their embryonic stem cells,” the members of Congress, led by Jim Banks of Indiana and New Jersey Rep. Chris Smith, wrote.
“We believe the American people deserve a leader at this agency who is your appointment, whose principles align with your pro-life values and your new administration's policy goals,” they wrote.
Trump has proposed major budget cuts to NIH, the world's single biggest funder of biomedical research.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. (NEWS10) – The Saratoga County Sheriff's Department arrested a current fifth-grade teacher at the Dorothy Nolan Elementary School after they say she had a sexual relationship with an underage child.
Elizabeth Barthelmas, 48, of Wilton, is accused of having the relationship with the child, who was under the age of 13, in 2007 and 2008. The child had been a student in Barthelmas' classroom prior to the inappropriate relationship starting.
Police say all of the crimes are believed to have occurred at Barthlemas' home on Plum Court in Wilton.
Barthelmas was arrested Wednesday and charged with first-degree rape, sexual conduct against a child, and first-degree criminal sexual act.
She was arraigned and remanded to Saratoga County Jail in lieu of $50,000 cash or $100,000 bond.
Barthelmas was hired by Saratoga Springs Schools in 2005. Prior to that, police say she was a teacher in the Queensbury Union Free School District.
The investigation is ongoing.
Facebook, which has faced many a high-profile controversy over policing content on its massive platform, has revealed its internal community standards for the first time.
The company gives a glimpse into how it decides what to do about threats of violence, depiction of crime, sales of drugs and firearms, exploitation of children. The standards also address hate speech, nudity and sex, intellectual property and what Facebook calls false news.
“The guidelines will help people understand where we draw the line on nuanced issues,” said Monika Bickert, vice president of Global Policy Management, in a blog post Tuesday. She added that making the standards' details accessible will help inform user and expert feedback.
For example, Facebook has always said it does not allow terrorists, murderers, hate organizations. Now we know the company defines a hate organization as one with “three or more people that is organized under a name, sign, or symbol and that has an ideology, statements, or physical actions that attack individuals based on characteristics, including race, religious affiliation, nationality, ethnicity, gender, sex, sexual orientation, serious disease or disability.”
Get tech news in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the free Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter.
The company also said it is expanding its appeals process so users who feel their content has been removed mistakenly can ask for a review.
“Balancing free speech and safety is a challenge both on and off Facebook,” CEO Mark Zuckerberg said in a Facebook post Tuesday. “We'll continue working hard to get this right for our community.”
Facebook, which has more than 2 billion users worldwide, has 7,500 people reviewing content in more than 40 languages, Bickert said. The number of reviewers is 40 percent higher than this time last year, she said.
Facebook's community standards can be found here.
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — A suspect is in custody today after allegedly detonating a small explosive device in an “attempted terrorist attack” in the New York City subway system, sending commuters scrambling to evacuate a major transit hub just blocks from Times Square, city officials said.
The explosion occurred in an underground passageway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal and, despite the rush-hour crowds, only three people suffered minor injuries, officials said. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo called the explosion “one of our worst nightmares.”
The 27-year-old suspect, Akayed Ullah, is in the hospital, badly injured in the arm and torso from the device that went off in his arms, sources said. Ullah, originally from Bangladesh, told authorities he is self-inspired from ISIS online propaganda, sources said.
Authorities called the explosive an “improvised low-tech explosive device” that was based on a pipe bomb and was attached to the suspect with Velcro and zip ties.
Video of the incident, shot by a surveillance camera, shows commuters' walking in the passageway when the explosion erupts. The camera screen filled with smoke as people scattered.
Christina Bethea, 29, told ABC News she was in the passageway on her way to work next to the terminal when she heard a bang, saw smoke and ran.
“If I didn't believe in God, I believe in God today,” she said, adding that she commuted from Yonkers, New York.
The explosion in the subway system — ridden by 6 million people each day — occurred at about 7:20 a.m.
Port Authority Police Department Officer Jack Collins, who was undercover at the time looking for children being trafficked at the bus terminal, apprehended Ullah, with the help of three other officers.
The suspect entered the United States from Bangladesh seven years ago on a family-based visa and has an address in Brooklyn, sources said. The explosive was assembled in his apartment, sources said.
“Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals,” New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said.
New York City has long been a target of terrorist attacks. Since Sept. 11, about 26 “plots” in New York City have been prevented, officials said this morning.
There are no credible and specific threats against New York City at this time, officials said.
The bus terminal was temporarily closed but has since reopened. Subways were bypassing the terminal and Times Square stations.
President Donald Trump was briefed on the incident, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said.
This is a breaking news story, please check back for updates.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Famed R&B singer Trey Songz is facing a felony domestic violence charge and surrendered to LAPD today. Songz is accused of physically striking Andrea Buera at a Hollywood Hills party during NBA All-Star Weekend in February. Buera filed a police report and went to the hospital after the alleged incident.
Represented by attorney Shawn Holley, Songz posted a $50,000 bond.
For weeks my lawyers & Mgmt have asked me not to comment on this and I initially agreed but this morning I feel that my fam, the women that raised me, my friends & fans especially the youth need to hear from me. I am being lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain — Trey Songz (@TreySongz) March 19, 2018
He added, “I won't be speaking too much more on this but would like to thank you for all the prayers and support.”
Buera is represented by Lisa Bloom and earlier this month asked a judge for a restraining order against the 33-year-old Songz, whose real name is Tremaine Aldon Neverson.
According to TMZ, Songz was booked at 6 a.m Pacific time, the same time he tweeted to his 13.8 million followers that he is, “being lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain.”
The drama. The loyalty. The speculation about who stays and who goes. The Trump administration has it all. And so did Donald Trump's run on The Apprentice.
The personality that made the show a hit is also what propelled Trump to the presidency. But as with his administration, Trump also stirred controversy on the set. A former producer tells the NPR podcast Embedded that at times, Trump used "really unfathomably despicable words" while the cameras were rolling — remarks that have never been made public.
Of course, people weren't watching then for insight into how the show's star would eventually approach the presidency or what effect it would have on his public political image. But in retrospect, there are a handful of lessons that say something about the man now in the Oval Office.
1. Questionable language
In October 2016, just before the election, an Access Hollywood tape emerged of Trump using crude language about women, saying, "[W]hen you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." When that story broke, former Apprentice producer Bill Pruitt tweeted that there were "far worse" tapes from Trump's time on that show.
Pruitt says he does not have the tapes and has signed a nondisclosure agreement, but he tells NPR that the comments he was referring to were racist in nature and included remarks about African-Americans and Jews. Pruitt says that Trump's language was not a reflection of the culture of the crew and that at times, there would be an "audible gasp" from those who heard the comments.
A White House spokesperson called Pruitt's story "the same recycled and false attacks from over a year ago."
There have been multiple accusations of Trump publicly using inappropriate or offensive language. He started his campaign by referring to immigrants as "rapists." This summer, after a white nationalist rally ended in a death in Charlottesville, Va., Trump was widely criticized for not immediately denouncing white supremacists and instead spreading blame to people who were counterprotesting the neo-Nazis and KKK members. Those comments follow a history of ambiguity on white nationalism, as NPR's Danielle Kurtzleben has reported.
2. A businessman with baggage
The first time Trump appears in the pilot episode of The Apprentice, he is seated in the back of a black limousine, introducing himself directly to the camera.
"My name's Donald Trump," he begins, "and I'm the largest real estate developer in New York." He lists off his holdings: buildings, casinos, golf courses, model agencies and much more.
Then he briefly hints at his past financial challenges.
"But it wasn't always so easy. About 13 years ago, I was seriously in trouble," he says, in reference to four bankruptcies involving his properties in Atlantic City and New York in 1991 and 1992.
"I was billions of dollars in debt," he continues. "But I fought back and I won, big league. I used my brain. I used my negotiating skills. And I worked it all out. Now my company's bigger than it ever was — it's stronger than it ever was."
In every episode of The Apprentice's debut season, these 20 seconds are the only substantive acknowledgement of the rocky financial history some of Trump's businesses had faced. From then on, the show consistently paints Trump as a triumphant underdog, with his troubles squarely behind him.
"Donald Trump is an icon," contestant Kwame Jackson told the producers in the season finale. "He's someone who, when people said, 'You couldn't do it,' always got it done." That is a sentiment also echoed by Trump supporters during the campaign.
Multiple episodes were set at Trump's Taj Mahal casino, which he described on the show as "the No. 1 hotel in Atlantic City." Flattering shots of the exterior and interior portray the resort as thriving.
In fact, the Taj Mahal, along with other Trump casinos, would file for bankruptcy in late 2004, just months after The Apprentice debuted.
Still, Trump's business savvy was part of his pitch during the campaign, and many who voted for him looked forward to having an outsider perspective on the inside. Despite his bankruptcies, Trump largely maintained his image of success.
3. Ever the salesman
Every episode of the show centered on a task — a business-related contest between two teams. Who can make the most money selling lemonade on Wall Street? Managing the Times Square Planet Hollywood for a day? Fixing up and renting out an old apartment? The winning team, besides steering clear of a scolding from Trump inside his dimly lit boardroom, would receive a reward.
Sometimes these rewards were simply a chance to visit classic New York landmarks: a private tour of Yankee Stadium or a boat trip around the Hudson River. But more often than not, the rewards also showcased and elevated Trump's wealth and business acumen.
There was the walk-through of the extravagant penthouse in Trump Tower where Trump and then-girlfriend Melania, now wife and first lady, lived; the picnic at Trump's estate in Bedford, N.Y. ("where the richest people live," Trump narrates); the driving range at Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor, N.Y. ("the best golf course in New York state"); the overnight stay at Trump's Taj Mahal casino ("you're staying in the most beautiful suite you've ever seen"); the jaunt to Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort ("the No. 1 club anywhere as far as I'm concerned") in Palm Beach, Fla.
In Episode 9, one contestant's savvy business move earns him a reward of 10 minutes with Donald Trump. "You know, a lot of people would like that opportunity," Trump tells a visibly appreciative Nick Warnock.
Trump's financial ties have followed him to Washington, with watchdogs arguing for further separation from his businesses. Trump and his lawyers argue they have done enough by setting up a trust, rather than fully divesting as past presidents have done.
Even amid criticism of being too close to his businesses while in office, Trump has spent many weekends at his Mar-a-Lago resort and his golf club in Bedminster, N.J. His hotel in Washington, D.C., has raised concern about whether world leaders would spend money there to curry favor with the president. And Trump hasn't shied away from talking about his properties. Even during controversial remarks about Charlottesville, Va., Trump took to the opportunity to mention his winery in the area.
4. Loyalty is paramount
It didn't take the president's unearthed conversations with former FBI Director James Comey to remind the public of how highly Trump values loyalty. But the clues were also there in 2004, particularly during the firing of contestant Tammy Lee.
In the seventh episode, as Trump dissects the losing team's failure as they sit before him, Lee breaks with the rest of her team to bluntly blame the team leader for having done a poor job of negotiating. Trump questions the rest of the team about Lee's dissension, asking, "Was she honest or disloyal?"
The team and Trump agree Lee had not shown enough loyalty.
"Your disloyalty has been just terrible. ... I mean it is so obnoxious in this particular case," Trump tells Lee as the music swells, signaling he would soon deliver his signature sentence: "Tammy ... you're fired."
Comey has testified that the president asked for his "loyalty" and for him to end the FBI's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Trump denies ever asking for a loyalty pledge, but it has been clear that Trump does expect loyalty from his team — even if he does not always reciprocate.
5. Trump can stoke a fight, even among others
From the start, Trump was one of the executive producers of The Apprentice (even into his presidency). And, like any good reality television producer, he appeared to have a gift for identifying and, in some cases, amplifying squabbles between contestants.
Take a tense scene in the boardroom in Episode 6. Trump is interrogating the losing team, leading to the typical chain of recriminations. Controversial contestant Omarosa Manigault (now an aide to the president) begins by complimenting her teammate, Heidi Bressler, before also adding that when she first met Bressler, she didn't think she had much class.
"Do you think Omarosa has class?" Trump asks Bressler, looking for a response to her teammate's backhanded compliment. He adds, "If somebody said that about me, I wouldn't like her. I don't care what they do."
Trump then turns to another contestant, Jessie Conners: "Do you like Omarosa, the way she just talks to you? I mean do you like her?" Conners refuses to take the bait, instead trying to keep the peace by saying she does in fact like her teammate.
But Trump isn't finished sussing out the conflict.
"How can you like her, the way she's talking to you? You know she's got a very sharp edge," he says about Manigault. And on it goes.
The president has had his share of direct Twitter wars since taking office, but he also has a history of publicly stoking feuds between others.
During the campaign, Trump created divides to his advantage. He tried to create a chasm between Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas on one side and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and now-Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson. In October 2016, he reminded supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., how Hillary Clinton had wronged them, saying, "To the Bernie Sanders people, you got sold out." And last month, following a wave of kneeling protests by professional sports players, the president sought to remind the public of what he perceived to be a newly forming divide between the NFL's athletes and its fans.
6. On ratings and popularity
Trump has never struggled with being known, which made the first season of The Apprentice a huge success. Instead, his challenge has been to be seen as "favorable."
The show's first season in 2004 was a game-changer for a network in trouble. NBC, which was just about to lose its blockbuster hit Friends, saw over 20 million viewers settle in each week to watch Trump preside over the fates of 16 young entrepreneurs vying for a job with his company, The Trump Organization.
Attracting 28 million viewers, the April 2004 season finale was the most popular show on television that week. According to opinion polls conducted by Gallup, when Trump flirted with a presidential run under the Reform Party ticket in 1999, the percentage of respondents who saw him as "favorable" declined precipitously: from 41 percent to 33 percent in less than a month. But in 2005, one year after The Apprentice debuted, Trump clocked in at 50 percent.
Trump had never before — and he would never again so far — eclipse the 50 percent mark in Gallup's polls. As of Oct. 5, nearly nine months into his presidency, Trump is at 39 percent. However, what has been a historically low approval rating for a first-term president recently stabilized.
5 helpful tips for juggling work and parenting
Juggling work and parenting might not exactly be the easiest thing to do, but there are a couple of things you can do to make it easier. Jumia Travel, the leading online travel agency, shares 5 tips for juggling work and parenting.
Involve Your Spouse
Involving your spouse can be a great way to ease juggling work and parenting. If you don't have a spouse, involve trusted close friend(s) or relative(s) who is (are) willing to be there for you. The fact is you can't successfully juggle work and parenting on your own. You can communicate with these people and hash out the details of who's going to do what and when, and then agree on it. Communication and a willingness to sacrifice and compromise are vital in making this work.
Get Great Childcare
Good and reliable childcare is better than a thousand gold bars when you're trying to juggle work and parenting. You thus have to do your research very well and find good daycare centers and nannies that you can trust to help look after your child in your absence. However, you should be sure to keep a watchful eye on them to be sure they are taking care of your child or children in the best possible way.
Put Things in Proper Perspective
When managing work and parenting, you need to be able to put things in proper perspective. You should cut yourself some slack and try not to feel bad about having to leave your child or children all the time because in the end you are working to provide a better, easier and more comfortable life for your child or children. At this same time, you shouldn't get carried away and use this as an excuse to be negligent. You must learn to balance the two sides and manage it as well as you can. Be away when you need to be, but be prepared to make sacrifices and compromises to be as present in your child's life as possible. Make the effort.
Learn to Manage Your Commitments
When you're at work, you're at work. Be focused on completing your work and doing it to the best of your ability. When you're at home, be at home and be focused on being the best parent ever to your child. Don't bring home your baggage or issues from work to and dump it on your children to deal with. Even if you can't help but bring home your issues from work, never do it in a way that affects your children. Whenever you're with your children, be committed to being with them, and let nothing else come in between. Manage your commitments.
Know Your Priorities
You need to determine what comes first to you, your work or your children. When you know this, it will be easier for you to make decisions when the two ‘worlds' occasionally clash. Know what's most important to you, and let that guide your decisions during such tight periods. You don't have to be with your child every minute for them to feel loved, but you need to know those few minutes that being with them matters most.
Remember Yourself
A sick, exhausted or drained person can hardly be useful at the workplace and to their child or children. You, therefore, have to remember to take some time to rest and take care of yourself. This way you can continue to be there for your child or children and be productive at work.
The post 5 helpful tips for juggling work and parenting appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Protestors shout slogans in front of Trump Tower ahead President Donald Trump's visit to the building New York, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Andres Kudacki AP Photo
Myers Park wide receiver Muhsin Muhammad looks to quiet the crowd after catching a touchdown pass against Butler in the first half of Friday night's football game. Butler, No. 5 in the Sweet 16, won 28-7 over the No. 6-ranked Mustangs. Jeff Siner jsiner@charlotteobserver.com
OTTAWA — Canada's environmental watchdog says the federal government isn't properly managing the risks that farmed salmon pose to wild salmon, nor is it doing enough to ensure Canada is meeting its international commitments on biodiversity and sustainable development.
Environment commissioner Julie Gelfand is releasing three new audits today, including a look at Canada's management of the $1 billion salmon farming industry, which she says is lacking when it comes to assessing the risk that diseases among farmed fish pose to wild salmon.
There are research gaps about these risks and the government is also not properly monitoring the impact of the drugs used to treat those diseases.
Gelfand also says there is also no national standard on the kind of nets used to contain farmed salmon in the ocean, which is a particular problem in the Atlantic where heavy storms batter salmon farms and destroy nets.
In 2015, 40,000 salmon escaped from farms in Newfoundland and Labrador, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia.
Gelfand's spring reports also look at Canada's commitment to the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity, both of which, she warns, could become the latest international environment agreements Canada signs but does little to actually implement.
Gelfand found a lack of leadership in the government to address the targets laid out in those agreements and says there is nothing that properly assesses how government policies can or do contribute to meeting them.
The agenda for sustainable development is an international agreement for countries to work towards sustainable environmental, economic and social development, including gender equality, eliminating poverty, climate action and industrial innovation.
Canada committed to the 2030 agenda in 2015 and recommitted to it last year, but the audit says the government hasn't yet put in place the fundamental requirements to do more than pay lip service to it.
Gelfand worried that this will be another international commitment like climate change agreements which Canada signs, but then does little to actually meet.
“The federal government committed to implementing the 2030 agenda three years ago, but again, it is not ready to respect its international commitment,” she said. “When will it be ready?”
Her main concerns about the UN agenda commitment stem from the fact while the main departments involved have done many consultations on the issues, there has not yet been a proper analysis of what government policies will affect the targets laid out in the agreement. There is also no implementation plan to measure, monitor and report on Canada's progress to meeting those targets.
However, the audit report looked at the period between September 2015 and November 2017 and Gelfand does acknowledge that the February federal budget promised nearly $50 million between now and 2030 to create a specific government unit to oversee the agenda, as well as to fund monitoring and reporting by Statistics Canada.
The statistics agency also expects this spring to have a data portal ready to report on the Canadian indicators around the UN 2030 agenda.
The single unit could address one of Gelfand's concerns that there are too many departments assigned as co-leads on the agenda, leaving no one to take full ownership of or leadership on the file.
“In my opinion, it is difficult to move forward with 10 hands on the wheel,” she says.
Gelfand's third audit this spring looked at another Canadian UN environment commitment it has failed to meet, this one the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity, a legally binding treaty acknowledging a global decline in biodiversity is one of the “most serious issues facing humanity.”
Canada has had a biodiversity strategy under this convention since 1995 and in 2002 countries that signed on to the convention committed to reducing the rate of biodiversity loss by 2010. They didn't do it and new targets were set for 2020.
Gelfand's audit found Environment Canada isn't doing what it needs to do to hit the 2020 targets, focusing its efforts on international meetings and creating national committees rather than analyzing whether its actions will do anything to help. There is also no comprehensive monitoring or reporting on whether there is any progress to meeting the 2020 targets.
In Canada, more than 500 plants and animals are listed as species at risk under federal legislation, a list that grows each year. Various reports have found mammal populations in Canada declined 43 per cent between 1970 and 2014, amphibian and reptile populations fell 34 per cent and fish populations were down 20 per cent. The World Wildlife Fund in 2017 also reported that species declined far faster between 2002 and 2014 than they did between 1970 and 2002, even though there are supposed to be many more protections in place to prevent that from happening.
A Queens man has been arrested in Massachusetts after cops found him with over $1 million worth of fentanyl, Methuen Police Department officials said.
Methuen Police received a call about a man with a gun in a taxi on Glen Avenue just after 8:40 a.m. Monday. The caller described a man allegedly exiting the taxi, retrieving a gun from a duffle bag and concealing the firearm before getting back in the cab, officials said.
Based on the caller's description, officers spotted Robinson Rojas-Rosario in the back of a taxi with a duffle bag beside him on the floor.
Authorities said 15 kilograms of fentanyl worth roughly $1.2 million were discovered during an investigation.
The 32-year-old's arrest comes days after a 10-month-old Methuen infant was hospitalized for fentanyl exposure. He is being held at the Methuen police station on $100,000 bail, pending his arraignment at Lawrence District Court.
By Rebecca Tan | Washington Post
Several neighborhoods in the city of Nantes in western France were set ablaze on Tuesday night by dozens of young people wielding small missiles and gasoline-filled bottles, protesting the shooting death of a 22-year-old driver. For several hours, groups wearing bandannas and hoods ran through the streets, smashing store windows and setting fire to various buildings, including a medical center and a library, radio station Europe 1 reported. As the sun rose Wednesday morning, the residents of the Breil, Malakoff and Dervallières neighborhoods woke up to find nearly 200 policemen mobilized to patrol the area and restore order.
Around 8:30 p.m. Tuesday, a man identified by the French newspaper Le Monde as Aboubakar F., was pulled over by police in Breil. What happened next is not immediately clear, but police have told reporters they received orders to bring the young man into the station because his “identity was not clear,” France24 reported. Authorities later said the man was also wanted in another city for robbery and involvement in other crimes.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Aboubakar F. allegedly tried to reverse his car after he was stopped by police, hitting an officer in the knee. At this point, another officer opened fire, shooting him in the carotid artery and killing him, Le Monde reported. He was pronounced dead around 11:30 p.m., sparking violent protests across Nantes that lasted into the early morning.
Breil, Malakoff and Dervallières have been described by some local news reports as ” sensitive ” – an official term used by the French government to refer to areas in need of social investment, but used more colloquially by people to refer to areas they see as prone to instability or crime. These neighborhoods, which tend to see a higher percentage of minority and immigrant residents, have increasingly become a site of tension for authorities.
Last week, gunshots fired at a building in Breil accidentally injured a 16-year-old girl , prompting increased police surveillance of the neighborhood. It is still unclear who fired the shots or why. In the Tuesday evening incident, police said the officers involved were acting out of self-defense, though several witnesses at the scene dispute this.
“There was no threat, he just backed up, but there was no cop behind. I was there, I saw,” said a Breil resident identified by Europe 1 as Kamel. Another Breil resident told news agency Ouest-France he knew the victim well. “He was from Paris, but he had been living here for a while. He has family. For us, it's a neighborhood child,” he said.
The shooting in Nantes comes amid a growing debate around the use of firearms by French police. In February 2017, following a spate of terrorist attacks, the French parliament passed a bill expanding the boundaries that govern when police are allowed to use their firearms. In June this year, figures made public for the first time showed French police have significantly increased the rate at which they are using their weapons. From 2016 to 2017, the number of times police used their service weapons increased by 54 percent; over the same period, the number of investigations into officers accused of violence also rose from 543 cases to 576, reported The Local.
In the wake of the Nantes shooting, public officials have condemned the violent reaction from residents, but promised an independent investigation. Johanna Rolland, the mayor of Nantes who arrived in Dervallières shortly after 2 a.m., said the police and the justice system have to provide “clarity” and “total transparency” on what happened, AFP reported .
HOUSTON — The Boston Red Sox: They've dropped the ball.
Boston right fielder Mookie Betts is a phenomenal defender, almost certainly the best in the game at his position. But everyone blunders sometimes, and baseball is generally weird and postseason baseball is especially weird, and on this particular moment in the bottom of the sixth inning of Game 2 of the ALDS, Betts caught a pop-up then lost his grip on the ball while trying to make a throw.
It was suboptimal. The misplay helped extend an Astros rally that would ultimately plate four runs and extend their lead to 8-1.
To add injury to insult, Betts appeared to be in pain during his at-bat in the eighth inning, grimacing and holding his wrist after a couple of swings, and he left the game in the bottom half of the frame. Betts missed two games in last September with a left wrist issue.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Reading FC made it six games unbeaten in the Championship after a pulsating 3-2 win over Brentford on Tuesday night.
Royals came back from being 2-1 down thanks to goals by Danny Williams and Roy Beerens in the final 15 minutes.
The victory was Reading's 11th at the Mad Stad this season and opens up a seven-point gap between themselves and seventh placed Norwich City.
Here is what Royals manager Jaap Stam had to say post match.
On the game
"It was a very exciting match to watch because a lot happened.
"We started very well and were very aggressive going forward.
"We gave Brentford time and space and I wouldn't say they controlled the game but they were more of a threat going forward.
(Photo: Get Reading)
"In the second half we started okay but they got more into the game and scored two goals.
"We knew the mentality in the team was good to come back. We made a couple of substitutions after the two goals and that paid off.
"We scored two goals and we wanted to try and go for the fourth one but we had to be careful they didn't score an equaliser."
On the character of the side
"It says a lot about the character and the spirit of the team.
"We've done it before at Bristol City and there's a lot of belief in the players in what they can do.
"We always talk about keeping on going, even when you're down, you should never give up and that's what the players did.
"The subs wanted to get the equaliser and the winning goal and they did it very well."
On whether his side were lucky
"Sometimes you need to have a bit of luck.
"We were lucky with them missing chances but that's football.
"We've been in games where we should have got more but didn't get anything so that's how it is.
"I need to give Brentford a compliment because they are one of the best playing sides in the league."
On Ali Al-Habsi's performance
"It's difficult not to give anything away when you play a team like Brentford.
"They created a couple of very good chances and Ali was there to save them.
"By making those saves it tells you how good he is.
"He is very important for the team."
Image copyright AFP Image caption Locals complain of years of mistreatment by the military
Authorities in Pakistan's Bajaur tribal region have promised action against military personnel who detained and beat a doctor, sparking protests.
Medics went on strike and the military was criticised after Dr Abdul Hameed was held for several hours on Saturday.
Protesters accused the army and its Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) spy agency of "state hooliganism".
Campaigners say tens of thousands of tribal residents have been killed or disappeared during years of conflict.
'Are you murderers?'
Doctors in Bajaur called off their strike on Monday after the military made concessions. Protesters had threatened to extend it to other parts of the country.
The concessions include exempting doctors from being stopped at military checkpoints in tribal areas. The army authorities also promised to curb the number of soldiers allowed to seek medical treatment at civilian hospitals, a constant source of complaint from locals.
Pressure on the military had been building since Saturday's incident.
Image copyright Family Image caption Doctor Hameed sustained bruising to his eye during Saturday's assault
Dr Hameed, who works at the Agency Headquarters Hospital in Bajaur's main town Khar, was roughed up while he was attending a female patient in his room.
"Two men in civvies walked into the room and wanted him to see a patient they had brought," his brother, Hamid Khan, who is also a doctor, told the BBC.
"The staff helping the doctor asked them to wait outside, but instead they stepped up to the doctor and one of them shook hands with him. The doctor got a bit impatient and refused to shake the second man's hand, asking them to step outside and wait till he was finished with his patient."
The two men then pounced on his brother, Dr Khan said. They called in some other colleagues and roughed up the doctor and other staff.
"Then they dragged my brother by the hair, shoved him into a truck and drove away."
Dr Hameed was released only after the doctors and other hospital staff shut down all services and medical stores in the main markets of Khar also pulled down their shutters.
The incident was widely discussed on social media, with activists criticising the military and the ISI of treating the Federally-Administered Tribal Areas (Fata) as their fiefdom.
In a video shared on Facebook, a tearful Dr Khan told protesters that people would "not allow the ISI to kill their children".
"Are you a protector of the people, or are you a murderer?" he said, addressing the ISI. "Why do you want to turn the children of this nation into your enemies?"
Growing protests
Fata is a semi-autonomous strip of land along Pakistan's north-western border. It was used as a base for anti-Soviet Islamist militants during the Afghan war of the 1980s and became a Taliban and al-Qaeda sanctuary post-9/11.
Thousands of Fata people are believed to have been killed during this period.
A military operation to clear out anti-Pakistan militants in 2014 displaced nearly a million people.
Residents have faced layers of security checks on all entry-exit routes to the area. Non-locals, including the mainstream media, are barred from travelling to Fata.
The area is also outside the sphere of Pakistan's regular system of justice, and is ruled under a colonial-era law that prescribes collective punishments to tribes for violations committed by individuals.
But since January, protests have erupted in several parts of Fata and Pakistan's north-west, mostly over "extrajudicial killings" and procedures at security checkpoints.
A movement which started after one such death - the alleged extrajudicial killing of a tribal youth in Karachi - was the first to criticise the military's actions in tribal areas.
The Pashtun Protection Movement appears to have opened the floodgates for public criticism of the military, something which had been unthinkable until a few months ago.
Its leaders claim that more than 30,000 locals have been forcibly disappeared by the military's intelligence network. Many more have had their houses demolished by the military, campaigners say.
In case you missed it, The God MC had some words on the current state of Hip Hop.
To put it short: He's not a fan. The original God MC tweeted:
You are now witnessing the devolution of rap music,” Rakim said. “The death of poetry and smoothness, they use this. The absence of a message. The inability to create meaningful change through words and verses, but the worse is, they don't even know they hurt this artful purpose, it's tragic.
https://twitter.com/EricBandRakim/status/963140620289298432
https://twitter.com/EricBandRakim/status/963794937904091136
He ain't no joke.
Hit the jump for Eric B. and Rakim's greatest hits.
1 2 3Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
SALT LAKE CITY — Airbnb is launching its guided activities program Experiences in Utah.
The company announced plans with the state tourism office Wednesday adding Utah to its list of nearly 180 locations offering locally guided classes, tours and adventures. The service had been quietly rolled out over the last month and featured roughly 50 options as of Wednesday.
Airbnb is known for its short-term lodging rentals but since 2016 has also offered a platform for local companies and tour guides to offer specialized packages.
Initial Utah offerings included guided hikes, a live country-western music show and a lesson in blacksmithing. The activities are located all around the state.
The Utah Office of Tourism says the company's service will boost Utah's tourism sector and encourage tourists to spend more time in the places they visit.
TV picks for Tuesday, April 18
WATCH THIS:
“Pretty Little Liars” (8 p.m., Freeform): As the drama series returns for its midseason premiere, Spencer focuses on learning more about her connection to Mary Drake, while Aria and Ezra figure out what their future may hold now that Nicole is back in the picture. Mona helps Hanna get her fashion career back on track, and Emily struggles to balance things between Ali and Paige now that the three of them are working at Rosewood High. Meanwhile, A.D. has a special delivery for the Liars, one that reveals the final endgame. The Liars realize this latest gift pushes things to a whole new level. This is the first if just 10 remaining episodes for “Pretty Little Liars” as the show gets set to close out its seventh and final season.
“The Middle” (8 p.m., ABC): After discovering that he doesn't have a decent suit to wear for upcoming business interviews, Frankie is thrilled when Axl agrees to let her take him shopping to help him pick out a suit; and when Mike threatens to do away with the family summer pool if Sue and Brick don't start using it, they begin to worry that he and Frankie may take even more things away from around the house from their childhood that they don't use anymore as they edge toward adulthood.
“Frontline” (9 p.m., PBS): The latest installment — “Last Days of Solitary” — is a searing, two-hour documentary that heralds itself as “American television's most comprehensive exploration of the controversial practice of solitary confinement.” It draws on three years of unprecedented access to the solitary unit at Maine State Prison as officials there and across the country try to re-think the system. The program shines an unblinking light on a world that until now has been largely hidden from public view, following the stories of five inmates who are in solitary when the prison's reform experiment begins. It also delves into the 200-year history of solitary confinement in the United States, the latest research on the psychological impact of long-term isolation, and what effects offenders carry with them back into the community.
“LA. Burning: The Riots 25 Years Later” (9 p.m., A&E): From executive producer John Singleton, this two-hour special recalls the infamous 1992 uprising and reexamines the life-changing events through the eyes of those who experienced it firsthand. On April 29, 1992, the corner of Florence and Normandie Avenues in Los Angeles became ground zero for a racially and politically-charged uprising following the jury acquittal of four LAPD officers in the Rodney King case. Fueled by injustice; riots, killings, lootings and widespread civil disturbance swelled throughout L.A. for six long days while the rest of the world watched a deep racial divide unfold.
“Famous In Love” (9 p.m., Freeform): Based on the novel by Rebecca Serle, this new series follows an ordinary college student named Paige (Disney alum Bella Thorne) as she gets her big break after auditioning for the starring role in a Hollywood blockbuster. She must now navigate her new star-studded life and the highs and lows that come with being the new It Girl in town, as well as balancing her college workload. As her public profile continues to rise and the undeniable chemistry with her new co-star and Hollywood heartthrob Rainer Devon grows, the more her friendships are strained with her two best friends – particularly Jake who may be more than just her friend.
“NCIS: New Orleans” (10 p.m., CBS): While Pride listens in on a wiretap of Mayor Hamilton (Steven Weber), the NCIS team investigates a train heist of hundreds of Navy weapons. The episode features two songs performed by Sheryl Crow from her upcoming album “Be Yourself.”
“Team Ninja Warrior” (10 p.m., USA): The series returns for an 11-part second season. Hosted by comedian Matt Iseman and former NFL player Akbar Gbajabiamila, it pits three-person athletic teams against each other on physically demanding, side-by-side obstacle courses that test both endurance and speed. (The show originally aired on the Esquire Network). For Season 2, fan-favorite competitors from “American Ninja Warrior” will form 28 teams, each with two men and one woman, and settle their rivalries on the warped wall.
Also on Tuesday:
“NCIS” (8 p.m., CBS)
“Brooklyn Nine Nine” (8 p.m., Fox)
“The Voice” (8 p.m., NBC)
“The Flash” (8 p.m., The CW)
“WWE Smackdown” (8 p.m., USA)
“Bad Girls Club” (8 p.m., Oxygen)
“The Mick” (8:30 p.m., Fox)
“American Housewife” (8:30 p.m., ABC)
“Bull” (9 p.m., CBS)
“Fresh Off the Boat” (9 p.m., ABC)
“Prison Break” (9 p.m., Fox)
“iZombie” (9 p.m., The CW)
“Deadliest Catch” (9 p.m., Discovery)
“Trial & Error” (10 p.m., NBC)
“NCIS: new Orleans” (10 p.m., CBS)
“The Americans” (10 p.m., FX)
“Marvel's Agents of SHIELD” (10 p.m., ABC)
“Cosplay Melee” (10 p.m., Syfy)
“The Detour” (10 p.m., TBS)
“Home Town” (10 p.m., HGTV)
Contact Chuck Barney at cbarney@bayareanewsgroup.com. Follow him at Twitter.com/chuckbarney and Facebook.com/bayareanewsgroup.chuckbarney.
In today's Hong Kong Daybreak podcast, we cover the biggest stories that happened overnight. A rout in tech stocks hit equities across the board. Facebook was the biggest loser in the S&P 500, declining 6.8%. Sterling rallied after the U.K. and the EU reached a Brexit transition deal that includes a tentative compromise on the Irish border issue. And markets are becoming their own worst enemies. Bloomberg tech reporter Sarah Frier discusses the tech selloff with host Ramy Inocencio.
To listen to this podcast, click here. (Run time 6:20).
A new edition of Bloomberg Daybreak is now available on mobile and on the terminal. Check out DAYB or everything you need to know this morning, and customize your settings so you only get news on the industries and assets you care about. To unsubscribe, click on the Alert tab in DAYB. Have feedback? Email daybreak1@bloomberg.net.
We use cookies to personalize content, features and ads. We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services.
PORT ST. LUCIE — Noah Syndergaard's 99-mph juice in his 2017 Grapefruit League debut rivaled the heat he brought afterward.
In recent weeks, the Mets ace has identified his patriotic colors as blue and orange in explaining his refusal to pitch for Team USA in the World Baseball Classic, but Friday issued his loudest statement yet.
Asked why he declined the invitation, Syndergaard said: “Because I'm a Met, and ain't nobody made it to the Hall of Fame and [won] a World Series playing in the WBC.”
The Mets have come to expect such bravado from Syndergaard, who entered camp and brazenly declared his intention to throw harder this season, even after averaging 98 mph on his heater last year to lead the major leagues in fastball velocity.
But over two shutout innings against the Astros, he was also trying to master the slow stuff. The bad news for opposing hitters this season might be Syndergaard's affection for his changeup, a pitch he considers potentially his best for producing swings and misses.
“The changeup has a real deceptive arm speed and it just looks like a fastball coming out, and everybody is going up there trying to get ready for my fastball,” Syndergaard said.
Last year, Syndergaard dazzled with a slider that he regularly threw in the low 90s. He arrived to the major leagues noted for his fastball and “hook from hell” curveball that impressed manager Terry Collins during his first spring training.
Your browser does not support iframes.
But now Syndergaard's heart is with the changeup – a pitch the organization has emphasized in recent years. It doesn't hurt that a master of the changeup, Frank Viola, serves as the pitching coach at Triple-A Las Vegas.
“I love throwing it,” Syndergaard said. “There is nothing better to see than you throw a real wicked changeup and you get a hitter to Tasmanian Devil in the batter's box, so that is a good feeling.
“That is really the key to it, the mental side of throwing the changeup. You can ask Frank Viola the same thing. You have just got to trust it and throw it just like your fastball.”
Syndergaard was the easiest pitcher in the major leagues on which to steal bases last season, and the Astros tested him in the second inning, when Derek Fisher swiped second base.
But Syndergaard was told by pitching coach Dan Warthen his delivery time (1.35 seconds to home plate) wasn't the issue. Syndergaard, according to catcher Rene Rivera, shouldn't become overly concerned with runners' ability to steal against him.
“I always say, and I believe: If you concentrate on the guy at home plate, even if a guy steals second and third, if you get that guy at home plate, they don't score,” Rivera said. “He's working in spring training on being quick to home plate, but at the same time he just needs to concentrate on the batter.”
The Mets will continue their cavalcade of aces with Jacob deGrom, Matt Harvey and Steven Matz scheduled to pitch in successive days beginning Saturday.
“Right now I feel like I'm easing my way into it,” said Syndergaard, who has been named the team's Opening Day starter for April 3 against the Braves. “And right now, who knows how my arm is going to feel in April? I just want it to continue to get stronger and see the velocity keep on ticking up there.”
BALTIMORE (AP) - An unusual smell prompted an evacuation and a hazardous materials response at a Baltimore high school. But after five people were taken to the hospital complaining of upset stomachs, fire officials discovered the source of the smell: a pumpkin spice air freshener.
Cristo Rey Jesuit High School was evacuated Thursday afternoon after students and teachers detected a strong smell on the third floor. Several people reported difficulty breathing.
The fire department and a hazardous materials team were called. Fire spokesman Roman Clark said two students and three adults were taken to the hospital for stomach ailments.
Then, firefighters located a pumpkin spice air aerosol plugged into an outlet in a classroom.
Classes at the school resumed Friday.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Castleford coach Daryl Powell has insisted he is “100 per cent committed” to the Tigers – and has played down talk of him returning to Leeds Rhinos as their new coach.
Powell was inevitably mentioned among the favourites for the now-vacant role at Headingley following the sacking of Brian McDermott on Monday.
It would have meant a return to Leeds as coach for Powell, who left the role in 2003. He, however, has insisted to the club's own TV channel that he has no intention of walking out on Castleford.
“I haven't spoken to anybody,” he said.
“There's always rumours when a big job comes up and I've been rumoured with quite a few (jobs) so far this season – but look, I'm 100 per cent committed to what I'm doing at Castleford. I've got a strong belief in the club and where it's going, and I think people can rest easy, to be honest.
“I've got a couple years left on my contract after this one and I have every intention of being there for that time.”
Powell also admitted that the circumstances surrounding McDermott's exit, plus Leeds' recent poor form, makes them dangerous opponents when they come to Castleford on Sunday afternoon in a huge game for both sides.
He said: “He's their most successful coach, and you're always disappointed to see someone lose their job in that way.
“But it's the nature of the beast at times; they've lost seven in a row but it always means they're getting closer to their next win. We won't be looking at anything other than making sure we're spot on. We've got a good opportunity in our last four games to make a statement and this is the starting point.”
4:44 How will history remember Fidel Castro? Pause
1:02 Fidel Castro: A visual evolution of a leader through the decades
2:21 Yachting to Cuba from the United States
1:10 Former Secretary of Commerce supports U.S., Cuba normalization
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Project info
Don't Even Go there!
Although South Africa's fertility rate is one of the lowest in sub-Saharan Africa, high rates of early childbirth are still a concern. Most teenage pregnancies occur among poor black and coloured South Africans. The majority of these pregnancies are said to be unwanted and unplanned and the teenager's relationships, unstable.
Becoming a mother during one's teenage years is perceived to be socially, economically and physically deleterious for the teenager and her baby. Despite the negative perception of teenage pregnancy within the townships, particular social and cultural circumstances provided a fertile ground for its occurrence.
Girls' education level has significant influence on the probability of teenage birth, with non-schooling adolescents and those with primary school level education being more vulnerable.
Other key factors include peer pressure and social environment-related factors like inappropriate forms of recreation, which act as rendezvous for pre-marital sex, as well as lack of parental guidance and counselling.
On April 15, Violet Mosses Brown officially became the world's oldest living person after the last record holder, Emma Morano from Italy died at the age of 117.
Brown, who hails from Jamaica, is also 117 years young and was born in March of 1900. She credits her many years on Earth to loving her family, her church, and her love of a few delicious Jamaican food choices.
"Really and truly, when people ask what me eat and drink to live so long (sic), I say to them that I eat everything, except pork and chicken, and I don't drink rum and dem tings," Brown told The Jamaica Observer.
Brown additionally noted to the Observer that she enjoys eating locally grown produce such as sweet potatoes, breadfruit, oranges and mangoes. She also likes "fish and mutton, and sometimes she will have cow foot."
Cow feet have a long history in Jamaican food culture. As Jamaican-recipes.com noted, “Back in the old days, the 1600s and 1700s, you know, during the plantation era, the upper classes would take the best parts of the cow when it's killed and leave the so-called fifth quarters (head, feet, tail, internal organs, and skin) for the hired hands and slaves.”
Jamaican Recipes added that the workers took the fifth quarters and made “delicious delicacies,” including cow foot stew, that are still enjoyed today by many people in Jamaica, “including the upper classes.”
Brown isn't the first of our record-breaking elders to share a little wisdom on what to eat to live a long, and hopefully happy, life.
When she became the oldest living person, Morano told reporters she credited her longevity to eating a raw egg every single day, as well as her strict sleep schedule of going to bed at 7 p.m. each night and waking before 6 a.m.
However, both women's longevity likely has less to do with raw eggs and feet and more to do with genetics and the improvements in modern medicine over their respective lifetimes. As the National Institute of Aging reported, life expectancy improvements “are part of a major transition in human health spreading around the globe at different rates and along different pathways. This transition encompasses a broad set of changes that include a decline from high to low fertility; a steady increase in life expectancy at birth and at older ages; and a shift in the leading causes of death and illness from infectious and parasitic diseases to noncommunicable diseases and chronic conditions.”
But getting to 117, and perhaps even longer, may soon be available to humans the world over. Several millionaires and billionaires, including Joon Yun, Paul Allen, Sergey Brin, and Larry Ellison, have all invested serious cash in the life-extension business. As Ellison, CEO of Oracle Corporation, told The Daily Beast, “Death makes me very angry, it doesn't make any sense to me. Death has never made any sense to me. How can a person be there and then just vanish, just not be there?” Maybe with all his hard-earned money none of us will ever have to discover what the afterlife is all about.
Danbury police investigating robbery at gas station
Photo: Tyler Sizemore / Tyler Sizemore Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Buy photo Danbury Police file photo. Danbury Police file photo. Photo: Tyler Sizemore / Tyler Sizemore Buy this photo Danbury police investigating robbery at gas station 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Danbury Police are looking into reports that a woman stole about $400 at knifepoint from The Exxon gas station on Main Street Wednesday morning.
The female attendant told officers that a woman wearing a hooded sweatshirt and a face mask entered the station around 8:15 a.m. The attendant knew something was wrong and tried to get out. That's when the suspect drew a knife and forced the attendant to give her $400 from the cash register, police said.
The suspect then fled on foot, police said.
Danbury detectives are assisting patrol officers at the scene.
Get the Mach newsletter.
Scientists in England trained a tiny spider to jump on command, but they didn't do it just for the bragging rights.
The University of Manchester researchers trained the spider, a cute little arachnid they named Kim, because they wanted a better understanding of how spiders jump — so they can create spiderlike robots that one day might be used to kill crop-eating insects.
“There are lots of different spiders, and they are doing a good job in nature,” said Mostafa Nabawy, a roboticist at the university and the lead author of a paper about the research published May 8 in the journal Scientific Reports. “If we have armies of spider-inspired robots, instead of using harmful pesticides we can use them to hunt the pests.”
That dream might be an arachnophobe's nightmare. But whether it comes true, it's clear that Kim — a regal jumping spider about the size of a thumbnail — is a good jumper. High-speed video shows her leaping six times her body length from a standing position. That's like a human jumping more than 30 feet from a standstill.
Kim completed 15 jumps of varying lengths and heights on command. University of Manchester
The scientists recorded 15 jumps and then studied the videos and 3D CT scans to analyze the trajectory of each leap and the forces Kim applied in the effort.
It was challenging work, but simply getting Kim to jump on command was quite a feat.
Food treats couldn't be used to entice Kim because of her infrequent feeding. She would eat a cricket only once a week, Nabaway told National Geographic. “And if we just gave her prey, then she would only jump motivated by the food,” he added. “Then we would have to wait a week between jumps.”
So the scientists simply placed Kim on one platform and then quickly moved her to another one positioned nearby — back and forth, several times, until Kim learned she should jump to one platform as soon as she was placed on the other.
Four spiders auditioned for the study, Nabaway said, but only Kim learned to jump on cue.
In addition to showing how far she could jump, the videos and scans revealed that Kim used different strategies depending upon the distance to be covered. Over short distances, Kim used a shallow trajectory — faster and more precise but also requiring more energy. When the platforms were placed far apart, Kim jumped in a high arc — landing with less precision but expending less energy in the effort.
Using this information, the researchers built a simple prototype of a jumping robot that was able to mimic Kim's jumping motion. Next they want to gain a better understanding of how a spider's legs deliver so much energy so quickly.
“Understanding the biomechanical nature is the first step to creating jumping spider robots,” Nabawy said. “Building the technology is the second.”
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
BOSTON — On a night Kristaps Porzingis fell back to Earth, the Knicks needed their big free-agent acquisition, Tim Hardaway Jr., to give them life.
Instead, Hardaway became a Boston bust to continue a disastrous start to his second stint as a Knick. In truth, almost every Knick who hit the hardwood Tuesday stunk out Beantown and afterward an exasperated Hardaway said the offense was disorganized and “lackadaisical.”
With the Celtics taking a 21-point lead just 15 minutes into the game, the Knicks were whipped up and down by Kyrie Irving's depleted team in green, 110-89, at TD Garden. After an 0-5 preseason, the Knicks are winless in their first three regular-season games.
“We're all out there just running like we don't know what's going on,'' Hardaway said. “It can't happen. It's frustrating at the same time, but it's still early in the season. We've just got to go to the drawing boards and get back to practice, just go out there knowing what we have to do offensively and defensively.”
Hardaway couldn't throw the ball into Boston Harbor — a 2-for-11 outing that brought his three-game shooting ledger to an embarrassing 9-of-37. It's a nightmare start after signing a whopping $71 million deal.
The facial expressions of Knicks president Steve Mills and general manager Scott Perry moments after the game spoke volumes. They looked ashen.
Hardaway's defense also left much to be desired and the entire Knicks team was lethargic in getting back in transition defense.
Hardaway shot well — 50 percent — in the preseason, but now is facing a crisis. He acknowledged he tweaked his ankle in preseason, but wouldn't use it as an excuse for his shooting woes.
“I'm not making no excuses,'' Hardaway said. “If I'm out there, that means I'm 100 percent. There's no excuse on the ankle, no excuse on anything. Yeah, I tweaked it in preseason, but it's no excuse. I'm not playing the way I wanted to play and it sucks. But I can't harp on that. You've got to move on, get back in the gym and work. My teammates have my back.”
This wasn't a night to mince words about the offensive attack.
“You saw it out there,'' Hardaway said. “It's no secret. We're turning the ball over, lackadaisical out there. Nothing seems crisp really. I mean, yeah, that comes with not really that much experience all together, like all these other teams.”
Coach Jeff Hornacek said the club got down on itself after missing shots and it affected the defense.
“Some guys had rough shooting nights and then we got tentative,'' Hornacek said. “I thought it affected us when we weren't making any shots.''
It was a comedown for Porzingis as the Knicks offense looked sickly, riddled with one-on-one play and mustering just 33 points in the first half.
Porzingis, after averaging 32 points in the first two games, put forth a 3-of-14 clunker for 12 points in 32 minutes as the Celtics sent more double-teams at him than he saw in Knicks' first two games.
Porzingis said the Celtics always have a different tactic to defend him with unusual schemes.
“I had a lot of double-teams coming my way,'' Porzingis said. “And so it was something that I haven't experienced yet. … I know I had a bad game offensively. I think I learned a lot.”
The Celtics (2-2) are still reeling from Gordon Hayward's horrific ankle/tibia break exactly one week ago. But their young guns, rookie Jayson Tatum (22 points)and Jaylen Brown (23 points), torched the Knicks. Hardaway did a poor job closing out the 3-point line against Brown.
The Knicks trailed by 25 late in the second quarter. They finished in a 54-33 halftime hole and didn't get closer than 16 in the second half.
“Obviously Boston is much more talented than us and they have more weapons, but that's why, we as a group, we have to play the right way,'' Porzingis said.
Knicks starting center Enes Kanter was the lone bright spot, attacking the glass with a vengeance — 16 points and 19 rebounds. Out of desperation, Hornacek put in out-of-the-rotation Willy Hernangomez with 3:41 left in the third quarter with the Knicks down 18 points and he finished with a robust 12 points in 11 minutes.
In the season's first two games, the Knicks were at least competitive in the first half against the Thunder and Pistons. Tuesday, they were just dead in the water from the tip.
McDonald's testing 'Archburger' made with fresh beef It's a whole new year, and McDonald's is already busy making good on a failed menu item. On Jan. 3, Business Insider reported that the fast-food giant is testing a...
Americans will eat more meat than ever before this year Americans will eat more protein-rich meat in 2018 than ever before, in part because of trendy low-carb diets, the Department of Agriculture predicted Tuesday. The average American will gobble down...
'Golden Krust' CEO kills himself in Bronx factory Lowell Hawthorne, who emigrated to the US from Jamaica and founded a restaurant franchise chain with 120 locations in nine states, committed suicide Saturday night in his Bronx factory. Hawthorne,...
Your grass-fed burger is making climate change worse We can't have our steak and eat it too. Grass-fed beef products are contributing to climate change, according to a new study. Environmentally-conscious meat eaters have touted grass-fed meat and...
Disney settles 'pink slime' suit against ABC News for $177 million Walt Disney paid $177 million, in addition to insurance recoveries, to settle the closely watched “pink slime” defamation case against its ABC network by Beef Products Inc., a quarterly financial...
Beef prices drop just in time for America's big burger holiday New Yorkers have every reason to fire up that grill this Fourth of July. With clear skies meeting a three-year low in prices of ground beef, Independence Day promises to...
India's leader denounces beef-related attacks on Muslims by Hindu 'cow protectors' NEW DELHI – Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday broke his silence over a wave of attacks on people accused of eating beef or slaughtering cows, saying that killing...
ABC News settles $1.9 billion lawsuit over ‘pink slime' report ABC News settled a $1.9 billion defamation lawsuit Wednesday over its 2012 report on the processed-meat product dubbed “pink slime.” Terms of the settlement weren't disclosed. South Dakota meat processor...
Rising beef prices are eating into steakhouses' bottom lines These are lean times for America's steakhouses. Prime cuts of beef have skyrocketed in price since May, with some meat sellers blaming a new trade deal with China — and...
A former Niagara man, convicted of raping and sodomizing his three children, has been declared a dangerous offender and will be jailed indefinitely.
"I find that there is no concrete plan before the court to satisfy my that (the offender's) risk could be managed once he is released from prison," Judge Linda Walters said Monday in a Superior Court of Justice in St. Catharines.
The judge said the 47-year-old man, who cannot be named in order to protect the identity of his victims, would pose a serious threat to other persons, particularly young children.
In a written decision, the judge called the man's actions "horrific, disgusting and inhumane."
"I have no difficulty in finding that it constitutes brutality," Walters said. "I do not need an expert to describe to me the meaning of brutality.
"Having full sexual intercourse with your nine-year-old child, continually forcing anal intercourse on her and the other children, duct taping arms and mouth is brutal."
In a victim impact statement, one of the victims said he continues to struggle with the effects of the abuse.
“Sometimes I have nightmares that bring me back to when I was younger. I feel so torn up inside. It hurts to think and I feel empty, even with all the support we've received.”
Another victim wrote: “If words could describe the pain he's caused, I could surely write a book...if words could describe the evil he's done. He treated our hearts and souls like they were cheap dollar store toys.”
Prior to being declared a dangerous offender, the defendant stood in the prisoner's box and apologized.
He described himself as a “demented coward” who failed to see his own children as human beings.
“I have no one to blame but myself,” he said, his voice cracking with emotion.
The former St. Catharines resident was convicted in November 2015 of 18 counts of physical and sexual-abuse related offences including incest.
One daughter testified the abuse began when she was seven or eight after her father showed her a pornographic film of a man abusing a child.
He told her, “This is how a father acts with his children.”
The man also coerced his son, then nine, to sexually assault his seven-year-old sister. He told the children “it was normal between brothers and sisters.”
The judge said the "factual underpinnings for these convictions are horrific."
Assistant Crown attorney Holly Nickel had said a dangerous offender designation was the only appropriate outcome as the man's behaviour is "a threat to the life, safety or physical and mental well-being of others persons."
Defence lawyer Norm Williams suggested a long-term offender designation would suffice because his client could be successfully monitored within the community.
He said the man is willing to take whatever treatment is necessary, such as medication to reduce his sex drive, in order to control his sexual appetite.
Two forensic psychiatrists who testified at the dangerous offender hearing said pedophilia is a lifelong condition with no cure and that research has shown therapy is generally not effective.
One doctor who examined the defendant testified the man derived pleasure from inflicting pain and humiliating his sexual partners.
He called the man's conduct "intrusive, protracted, coercive, physically harmful, callous, at times cruel, injurious and overshadowed by sadistic tones." Overall, he found the man's risk to those underage to be in the high range.
If a court rules a person a dangerous offender, they could be sentenced to jail for an indefinite period. Offenders can also be named long-term offenders, which means they could be sentenced to jail for two years or more and then be placed on a supervision order for up to 10 years.
The law is intended to protect the public from the most dangerous violent and sexual predators.
Kobe Bryant showed up at the Patriots' OTAs on Wednesday. It was a surprise visit, per USA TODAY Sports.
Some players shared photos with the future Basketball Hall of Famer on social media. This comes just months after Bryant was screaming profanities in front of a TV while cheering for the Eagles as he watched them beat the Patriots in the Super Bowl.
Kobe Bryant was a guest at #Patriots OTAs today pic.twitter.com/LZzCzYn6pI — Nora Princiotti (@NoraPrinciotti) May 30, 2018
Bless to learn from a legend #blackmamba🐍 A post shared by Eric Rowe (@eric_rowe25) on May 30, 2018 at 12:26pm PDT
Even as a Philly fan, Bryant has been a fan of the greatness of Tom Brady, and Brady has been a fan of his, as well. Perhaps the former Laker was simply there to show respect for the dominance of the Patriots, though Brady wasn't there.
But surely Bryant gloated a little about the Eagles taking them down, right?
Pat stars Brady and Rob Gronkowski haven't been at the voluntary OTAs (Brady was actually in Monaco this past weekend).
“I still just wake up and I just feel injured, you know? I'm not like, ‘oh I got bit by a shark,' just like ‘my foot's hurt.' That's all I t…
Public invited to review public school instructional materials proposed for 2018
The state Department of Education is inviting the public to review instructional materials that are being proposed for use in South Carolina's public schools.
The virtual public review includes three programs that school districts have requested be evaluated for possible state adoption. In January and February 2018, the recommendations for these materials will be submitted to the state Board of Education by the board's appointed Instructional Materials Review Panel.
The three district-requested programs include:
Chinese Language Arts and Literacy Immersion Program, K-8; Publisher: Better Chinese; Program: Better Immersion Classroom Set, Levels S and 1-8;
French, 6-12; Publisher: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt; Program: Died Dit!;
Spanish, 6-12; Publisher, National Geographic and Engage Learning; Program: Exploremos!
The public will have digital access to the three programs from Dec. 11 through Jan. 9, 2018. The publisher-provided links to the materials and the link to the form to submit public commitments are posted online at goo.gl/d6NCo3.
04/17/17 – 4:05 P.M.
Police arrested a Findlay woman after she stabbed her boyfriend in the foot. The Courier reports that officers were called to a domestic dispute between a live-in couple on West Sandusky Street. According to officers, a verbal argument turned physical and 24-year-old Bethany Rayl stabbed her boyfriend in the foot.
Rayl is being held at the Hancock County Jail for felonious assault. She has asked that a charge of assault be requested against her boyfriend. The man's name and age have not been released.
Jurors in Bill Cosby's assault trial began their third day of deliberations on Wednesday in a case closely watched by the public as well as the dozens of women who have accused Cosby of similar misconduct.
Prosecutors say the famed comedian drugged and sexually assaulted Andrea Constand, the director of operations for Temple University's women's basketball team, at his home near Philadelphia in January 2004. Cosby pleaded not guilty to three charges of aggravated indecent assault.
The jury of seven men and five women were bused in from Allegheny County near Pittsburgh and have been sequestered in a hotel for the trial. They began deliberating Monday evening, continued all day Tuesday and resumed Wednesday morning.
Jurors have asked four questions so far during their deliberations. They asked the judge to repeat two different parts of Cosby's statements to authorities, asked the court to define the phrase “without her knowledge” in one of the charges, and asked to hear repeat testimony from the Canadian detective who interviewed Constand.
Prosecutors called 12 witnesses over a week of testimony, but presented almost no forensic evidence. Cosby declined to testify in his own defense, and his attorneys only called one witness. As such, legal experts have said the trial fits the “he said-she said” arguments so common to sexual offense cases.
The three charges accuse Cosby of assaulting Constand without her consent, assaulting her when she was unconscious and assaulting her using drugs to substantially impair her ability to consent. If found guilty, he could face up to 10 years in prison for each charge.
Though dozens of women have accused Cosby of sexual misconduct, only Constand's accusations led to criminal charges. One other accuser, Kelly Johnson, testified that she was drugged and assaulted in 1996 as prosecutors sought to establish that Cosby had a pattern of assault.
In the video above, Cosby, while exiting his hearing impersonated his cartoon character “Fat Albert” for his fans who were waiting outside.
Igbo quit notice: Presidency releases video of Osinbajo's meeting with Northern elders [WATCH]
Acting President, Yemi Osibanjo, on Tuesday met with elders and leaders of thought in the Northern states at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. He warned youths in the North that the Federal Government will not take the threats issued to the Igbos lightly. The parley also had in attendance the Senate President, Speaker of the House […]
Igbo quit notice: Presidency releases video of Osinbajo's meeting with Northern elders [WATCH]
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The government will soon begin to lose money on student loans as more people sign up for loan forgiveness programs, according to a government report released Friday.
Right now, the government makes money, a modest $5 billion on loans made during 2015, on its massive $1.4 trillion student lending program. But that surplus has been dropping precipitously — and is likely to turn to a loss as millions more borrowers sign up for income-based repayment programs, which generally offer loan forgiveness to people who have made 20 years of payments.
Eventually, the report from the inspector general said, the government is expected to lend more money to borrowers than they repay.
The Education Department's inspector general found that the department has done little to publicize the reality of income-based repayment and other loan forgiveness programs and their costs to taxpayers — failing, for example, to report the costs of public service loan forgiveness, which forgives the loans of some public sector workers after just 10 years.
The report comes as Congress considers whether and how to rewrite the government's student lending programs. House Republicans released a new Higher Education Act late last year that dramatically limited student loan forgiveness in some programs and cut others altogether.
Income-based plans already cost taxpayers billions of dollars in lost repayment revenue, and their popularity is rising. The government is expected to subsidize the programs by $11.5 billion for 2015 loans, an increase of 750% from $1.5 billion in 2011, the report said.
That's despite onetime promises from the Obama administration, which dramatically expanded income-based repayment's generosity and scope, that income-based plans could potentially save taxpayers money, in part by preventing student loan defaults.
The reality is that large numbers of borrowers with high loan balances have signed up for the programs, said Jason Delisle, a fellow at the conservative American Entrepreneurial Institute. Lower-income borrowers, who tend to take out less money, have not enrolled in the programs at nearly the same rates.
The Obama administration's thinking, Delisle said, "was that high-income people would subsidize low-income people. But it's been the opposite."
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
02/14/17 – 6:46 P.M.
The framework is being set for organizations that might want to apply for bed tax dollars in Findlay.
Ad Hoc Committee Chair Grant Russell said that their Tuesday meeting covered some important ground
.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ocado's distribution centres have embraced AI and machine learning alongside its human staff
Ocado is joining the FTSE 100 after seeing a big jump in its share price following a year of dealmaking.
The online retailer's promotion to the blue chip index was confirmed on Wednesday in the latest quarterly reshuffle.
Ocado is joined by betting firm GVC, owner of Ladbrokes Coral, while G4S and Mediclinic are demoted to the FTSE 250.
Marks & Spencer, in the FTSE 100 since the index was launched in 1984, just avoided the drop.
Ocado's elevation underlines a big transformation at the company, as well as the rapid growth of online retailing generally and its disruptive impact on firms like M&S.
The business has been selling its technology to international partners in France, Sweden and Canada, culminating in a transformational deal with US retailer Kroger earlier this month.
Soaring share price
Hargreaves Lansdown senior analyst Laith Khalaf said Ocado had had "a sensational year" in which its share price trebled.
In 2012 Ocado's share price was languishing around 60p, amid speculation that it could breach its bank lending covenants. On Wednesday, the shares closed at 887.6p.
Ocado shares rocket 44% on US tech deal
M&S profits slump on store closure costs
Ocado's market cap value ballooned to £6.1bn, overtaking that of several FTSE 100 companies, including M&S.
Getting into the FTSE 100 can often fuel further demand for a company's shares, since funds that track the FTSE or invest in the index can then add that stock to their portfolios.
'Stay of execution'
M&S narrowly avoided demotion. It's falling sales and share price are blamed on a failure to win back customers, as well as a poor online operation.
Mr Khalaf says the retailer's survival in the FTSE 100 may be "a stay of execution rather than a full pardon". M&S shares are down 5.5% this year.
Meanwhile, outsourcing firm G4S, which recently posted a fall in revenues, will be demoted to the FTSE 250, along with private hospital group Mediclinic International.
In other changes, Laird and Premier Oil are promoted to the FTSE 250. Marstons and Pets At Home are demoted.
Another FTSE 250 demotion is Woodford Patient Capital Trust, run by closely-watched investor Neil Woodford. The Trust's shares have fallen 13% this year.
Slipping even further were baby wear retailer Mothercare and fashion chain Moss Bros. They were relegated from the FTSE All-Share to the FTSE Fledgling index after their market value shrank.
Both have issued profit warnings this year, bruised by British shoppers' desertion of the High Street. Mothercare is in the throes of a restructuring.
Shares in Mothercare and Moss Bros are down 48% and 46% respectively since January.
The FTSE changes take effect after markets close on 15 June.
Pooranmall and Jiaram take Top Honours at Independence Draughts
The National Draughts Association ran off its Independence tournament last Sunday at the National Gymnasium. The game was played on the International 100 square Boards and as predicted; Khemraj Pooranmall and Jiaram took top honours over the rest of players. Pooranmall with seven points was declared the winner, while Jiaram, with a close six points took the second place.
Three other players Steve Bacchus, Navin Megbarran and Ulric Brathwaite all ended on four points each. A tiebreaker saw Steve Bacchus defeated Navin Megbarran and Ulric Brathwaite to take the third place, while Ulric Brathwaite settled for the fourth position.
The game was sponsored by Brans Security Service. Trophies were presented to the top four players.
Homenature, a home furnishings and accessories store founded in Southampton, Long Island, has leased the former Giggles store on the Upper East Side.
The store has 85 feet of frontage on the east side of Lexington Avenue and wraps onto East 74th Street. It has 2,585 square feet on the ground and 1,642 square feet on the lower level.
RKF's Gary Alterman, Comras and Carly Geller represented both sides of the transaction. The building owner, Eugene M. Grant & Co., was represented in-house by Kenneth Levine and had an asking rent of $250 per square foot.
Grant, a well-known real estate investor, passed away this month at the age of 99.
Homenature was founded by John Heilmann in the 1990s in Amagansett and has locations in Southampton and in the Flatiron District.
"How do you reconcile public safety and the First Amendment?" That's the question Charlottesville, Va., Mayor Mike Signer asked in an interview on Sunday.
And it's a question city and state governments are likely grappling with after the weekend's violence in Charlottesville.
Around the country, white nationalists and other groups have protested efforts to remove statues and other symbols of the Confederacy. As counter-demonstrators arrive to protest the white nationalists, the resulting scenes are often tense and brimming with the potential for violence.
State and local officials prepared for Saturday's protests in Charlottesville, which were known about for months. But in the wake of fierce brawling in the streets of the usually quiet college town, and then a driver plowing his car into a crowd of pedestrians, killing one and injuring 19, many are asking what Charlottesville authorities could have done differently—and what could be done to prevent such violence in the future.
City Permitting and Free Speech
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe told NPR's Morning Edition that local authorities had done what they could to head off the fighting that erupted, but that they were foiled by a federal judge's decision to allow the Unite The Right rally to go on in Charlottesville's Emancipation Park.
Charlottesville tried to revoke the permit it had issued for the rally to be held in Emancipation Park, in order to move the protestors about a mile away to McIntire Park, which offered more open space.
"That was the place it should have been. We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU and the judge ruled against us," McAuliffe said. "That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown ... where [people] dispersed all over the city streets, and it became a powder keg. We've got to look at these permits, and we've got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters."
The ACLU responded that the injunction was the city's fault because it mounted a weak legal case.
"The Governor's anger about what happened is understandable," ACLU Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Hastings said in a statement to NPR. "We are angry, too. The situation that occurred was preventable, and our lawsuit challenging the City to act constitutionally did not cause it. ... All we did was ask the City to live up to the requirements of the Constitution. That it failed to do so is on the City, not us."
Charlottesville Police Tactics Scrutinized
Also under scrutiny was the action – or inaction – of the Charlottesville police.
McAuliffe told Morning Edition that the police did "a magnificent job," and said the potential for violence had been high.
"They had to be very careful," the governor said. "We had been planning for this for a while. We had to show tremendous restraint because ... these people all came armed. I've never seen so many weapons. These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing. They had body armor, helmets. I mean people were walking around with semi-automatic rifles through the streets."
"[If] one person fired one shot, it would have been a melee, and I would be talking to you today with a lot of body bags. None of that happened."
"Think of this," McAuliffe said. "Not one window was shattered, not one ounce of property damage, not one shot fired, and not one person went to the hospital, except for the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist. Which, you can't, you know – there's no preparation's that's gonna prepare for some nut, some murderer, who's going to turn his car into a weapon and run through a crowd."
But both protesters and counter-protesters criticized the police response.
"There was no police presence," Brittany Caine-Conley, a minister in training who locked arms with other clergy members in counter-protest, told The New York Times. "We were watching people punch each other; people were bleeding all the while police were inside of barricades at the park, watching. It was essentially just brawling on the street and community members trying to protect each other."
Princeton professor and activist Cornel West, who was also at the protest, told The Washington Post "the police didn't do anything in terms of protecting the people of the community, the clergy."
To Unite The Right rally's organizer, Jason Kessler, was also critical. "Charlottesville refused to honor permit as ordered by a federal judge. CPD didn't even show up until 1.5 hrs into the permit," he tweeted. "Inside the park was peaceful. Outbreaks of violence occurred where police refused to separate or even pushed the feuding groups together."
White nationalist Richard Spencer, another organizer, said the police had failed to protect the people who had gathered for the rally. "We came here as a demonstration of our movement," Spencer told the Post. "And we were effectively thrown to the wolves."
The ACLU's Hastings also criticized the policing on Saturday, which she said "was not designed to be ... effective in preventing violence."
"I was there and brought concerns directly to the Secretary of Public Safety and the head of the State Police," said Hastings. "They did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an 'unlawful assembly' and clear the area."
Charles Ramsey, who formerly headed the police in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., told the Post that demonstrators and counter-demonstrators "need to be in sight and sound of each other, but somebody has to be in between .... That's usually the police."
"The whole point is to have overwhelming force so that people don't get the idea they can do these kinds of things and get away with it," he said.
An NPR request for comment from the Charlottesville Police Department was not returned.
Lt. Joseph Hatter, a commander with the Charlottesville police, told the Post that officers tried to create separate areas. "It didn't work, did it?" he admitted. "I think there was a plan to have them separated. They didn't want to be separated."
He told the newspaper that he doesn't know that police waited to react to the violence. "I think we did the best we could under the circumstances."
Public Assembly and Public Space
Questions about how governments manage protests are likely to continue, and to be argued in court.
On Friday, a federal judge granted a temporary injunction, ruling that the city could not revoke the permit it had issued to Kessler to hold the demonstration in Emancipation Park.
In his opinion, Judge Glen Conrad said Kessler was likely to prevail on his claim that Charlottesville's decision to revoke his permit was content-based.
"Kessler's assertion in this regard is supported by the fact that the City solely revoked his permit, but left in place the permits issued to counter-protestors," Conrad wrote. "The disparity in treatment between the two groups with opposing views suggests that the defendants' decision to revoke Kessler's permit was based on the content of his speech rather than other neutral factors that would be equally applicable to Kessler and those protesting against him. This conclusion is bolstered by other evidence, including communications on social media indicating that members of City Council oppose Kessler's political viewpoint."
The judge wrote further that though the city maintained its decision to revoke Kessler's permit was due to the number of people likely to attend his demonstration, "their concerns in this regard are purely speculative." He added, "there is no evidence to support the notion that many thousands of individuals are likely to attend the demonstration."
Following the events in Charlottesville, those worried about potential violence have fresh evidence.
Public protests can become especially complicated when people are carrying guns and dressed in full camouflage, as some did this weekend in Charlottesville.
McAuliffe argues officials need help from the courts if governments are to maintain public safety while allowing people to exercise their First Amendment rights.
"We've got to get a better understanding with these judges to understand our job is to keep our community safe," he said. "The judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us."
And the ACLU's Hastings says that whatever strategies authorities use, they need to be lawful and in keeping with the Constitution: "It is my firm hope and desire that the Governor and other local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville."
For all the good-natured ribbing Lonzo Ball and Kyle Kuzma give one another, the Los Angeles Lakers' star rookies are clearly fond of one another. Kuz, for one, probably appreciates Zo's passing; no Laker has dished more frequently to Kyle than Lonzo, who's accounted for a team-high 24.2 percent of the passes Kuzma has received so far through the 2017-18 season, per NBA.com.
What, then, does the Crown Prince of Chino Hills appreciate most about the man behind “Kuzmania”?
“He wants to be the best. Anytime he steps on the floor, he thinks he is the best. That's how he plays, a lot of confidence,” Ball told SLAM's Jack Jensen. “I think it helps him, just the way he plays and his mindset. I love it.”
The Lakers are certainly all for it. Kuzma's confidence has helped him lead L.A. in scoring at 16.0 points per game.
Though, given Kuz's recent inconsistency in that department, he could probably use a boost in easy scoring opportunities from Ball, who's missed nine straight games with a sprained MCL in his left knee.
'Action Boys' Part Six: Beste Freunde Reid and Andrew finally meet again in the year 2355. Catch up on ‘Action Boys' episodes one, two, three, four and five.
'Action Boys' Part Five: Lord God Reid and Andrew meet Mr. Jesus, who actually would prefer if you called him Lord God. Catch up on ‘Action Boys' with episodes one, two, three, and four.
'Action Boys' Part Four: Dylan Frasier It's the end of the line for Reid and Andrew. But first, they have some confessions to make. Catch up on “Action Boys” with episodes one, two and three.
'Action Boys' Part Three: Brandon And Justin In episode three of “Action Boys,” Reid and Andrew's friendship grows stronger while we get to know Brandon and Justin. Catch up on “Action Boys” with episodes one and two.
Action Boys, Part Two: Uncle Crime With three dead bodies (or are they?) in the living room, best friends Andrew and Reid are going to have to get mighty creative in order to square things with Uncle...
GCB Hand-in-Hand U19 tourney Sinclair slams 97, Arjpaul bags 9 to set up intriguing final day at Everest E'bo reach 100-9 against GCB U17 Select XI
Skipper Kevin Sinclair struck a fighting 97, while off-spinner Karan Arjpaul grabbed 9-22 from 20 overs to set up an exciting climax to Guyana Cricket Board Hand-in-Hand inter county U19 three-day tournament today.
Sinclair's knock saw Berbice to 166 all out in reply to Demerara first innings score of 190 at Everest Cricket Club. Led by the steady Arjpaul, Berbice restricted Demerara to 95-9 at stumps on day two. Arjpaul became the only bowler so far in the tournament to pick up nine wickets in an innings as 18 wickets tumbled on day two.
Berbice resumed yesterday on 19-1 with Sinclair on 12 and Adrian Sukwah on 01 and lost Sukwah who was bowled by Seyhodan for two with the score on 25. Seyhodan then removed Javid Karim (03) before Richie Looknauth trapped Daniel Samaroo (17) lbw, leaving the score at 83-5.
Sinclair, despite being given a few chances, timed the ball well and executed some handsome drives down the ground, but while he continued to gather runs, wickets fell at the other end with Berbice losing Steve Deonarine (00), Matthew Hardyal (03) and Ezekel Kempadoo (00) in quick succession.
Sinclair desperately needed a useful partner as he inched closer to a century and in came Sylus Tyndall with whom he added 34 valuable runs. Tyndall hit one four and three sixes before he was bowled by Yadram for 23. Sinclair put on 35 for the last wicket with Arjpaul (06*) , but when on 97 he attempted a big shot off the second ball of the 63rd over delivered by Yadram and was taken at long off. He batted for 243 minutes and hit 10 fours and two sixes as Seyhodan bagged 6-67 and Yadram 3-16. Despite taking first innings lead Demerara strangely didn't use pacers Mark Jeffers and Damuka Nqgando for the day when they should be looking to pick up valuable fast bowling bonus points; this can very well come back to haunt them should Berbice win the game outright.
Despite the pitch wasn't the best in the tournament, Demerara batsmen could have applied themselves better; playing back to balls that kept low, playing across the line, early commitment, playing away from their body and too many airy shots resulted in their demise. Opener Raymond Perez (09) committed himself too early and became Arjpaul first victim who then removed Gavin Boodwah ((13) as Demerara were reduced to 49-2. Joshua Persaud was taken for seven, while Yadram lost his stumps for one as Berbice took control. Ramnarine Chatura (25) and Ronaldo Ali Mohamed (16) were the only other batsmen that reached double figures as Demerara endured a batting collapse.
Demerara are leading by 119. Seyhodan is on one and Damuka Ngqando is yet to score. An exciting final day's play is anticipated on a pitch that is expected to deteriorate as play progresses.
At Eve Leary, The GCB Select U17 were all out for 227 just before lunch. Kevlon Anderson led with 101, while Reyaz Khan made 33, Pradesh Ballkishun 24 and Nigel Deosarran 22.
Bowling for Essequibo, Mahendra Persaud had 3 for 34, Joel Fortune 3 for 42 and Lesley Allen 2 for 27.
In reply, Essequibo closed the day on 100-9. Stephan Campbell made 34, while Mahendra Persaud contributed 21. Ashmead Nedd claimed 4 for 29; Anderson had 3 for 5, while Pradesh Balkishun and Nigel Deodat had one each.
Project info
Within Indian native discourse, the devadasi, was both a public persona, who led Hindu processions through the streets, and a cloistered figure, a temple servant. Attached to both Shaivite and Vishnu temples, a devadasi was considered a nityasumangali or ‘ever auspicious female' who, at a young age, was married to god, her eternal divine husband. An important figure within Hinduism, her sexuality was identified with the power of the goddess Shakti and believed to balance the ambivalent nature of the divine, ‘the devadasi-nityasumangali was a person guaranteed as “danger-proof”: she should be present in those critical moments of balancing the auspicious and the inauspicious'. Through her knowledge of sacred dance and music, she played a pivotal role in temple ritual as mediator between the deity and the devotees
The devadasi stood at the intersection or ‘intercrossing' of several oppositional European beliefs. To eighteenth-century travellers and Christian missionaries, dance could never be in service to god, nor could sacredness and sexuality co-exist easily. She was also unmarried and her independence—both socially and financially—empowered her.
These combined traits could pose a threat to the colonial establishment. Unlike the majority of British and Indian women devadasis, ‘were free to engage in sexual relations with any man of the proper caste without public censure and were able to inherit property and bequeath it to their biological or adopted daughters.
While similarities between the Indian temple dancer, geisha of Japan and high priestess of Athens have been drawn, it is the sacredness in concert with the devadasi's erotic knowledge that has no parallel in the West.
Without an understanding of the devadasi's religious role, and the gradual erosion of power of Indian rulers, which led to artists, musicians, and entertainers losing patronage across the sub-continent, the devadasi would become a visible target of the nineteenth-century British evangelical and social reform movement, epitomising all that was regarded as immoral in India.
These portraits of Devadasi's are from a place in Sangli, Maharashtra, where the devdasi community continues in its traditions with pride upholding all of their unique values pertinent since before the foreign invasions and at the same time are fighting to win back their rights to equality and a life of dignity within today's society.
The Yankees quickly are approaching a place where they truly will have an embarrassment of riches on their major league roster.
Who knows how long that will last? Professional athletes get injured a lot. Yet if Brandon Drury returns shortly from the disabled list — he plans to play in a rehabilitation game Wednesday for Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre — then, man, will Aaron Boone have himself some options until the next mishap. And let's not even dive into the prospect of a Greg Bird return.
Should he get to this happy juncture, Boone must walk the line between juggling and disruption, and here's how he should lean on what will be the most pressing issue upon Drury's activation:
Miguel Andujar and his bat must get as many starts as possible.
If Drury becomes this generation's Wally Pipp, then so be it.
“I think he's a real gifted hitter,” Boone said of Andujar on Tuesday, before the Yankees continued their series with the Twins. “He's settled in a little bit, and the talent takes over.”
No one has disputed the rookie Andujar's talent, which kept him a Yankee when the Pirates asked for him in return for pitcher Gerrit Cole (who wound up with the Astros). Nevertheless, no one questioned the Yankees' February trade with Arizona for Drury, who immediately leapfrogged over Andujar on the third-base depth chart. Why not give yourself options, especially given the Yankees' grand ambitions?
Then Drury went on the disabled list with migraines and blurred vision, and Andujar took over the hot corner. He has rebounded from a slow start to take an eye-catching .316/.333/.649 slash line into Tuesday's action, with three homers, a triple and eight doubles (tying him with five others for the American League lead through Monday's games) in 57 at-bats.
The slugging percentage probably will come down, yet Andujar's blazing start can't be shrugged off in the way one could other Yankees rookies like, say, Kevin Maas or Shane Spencer. It should be viewed as more legitimate in the way we saw Gary Sanchez take over in 2016. That's because Andujar just turned 23 last month. The ceiling is high, and he sure seems ready to try to reach it.
So start Andujar the bulk of the time — primarily at third base, but some starts at first base and designated hitter would work, too. Let Drury, who actually has played more games at second base and left field than third base, be a Ben Zobrist type.
“Versatility is a nice thing, especially when you're trying to get guys ABs and also rest guys,” Boone said.
see also Miguel Andujar's historic start means difficult Drury decision Miguel Andujar joined Mickey Mantle and Joe DiMaggio as the...
Drury's return prompts a question about not only the Yankees' lineup, but their roster as well. Whom should he replace? That's not an easy call. Going from 13 pitchers to 12 represents the cleanest call, yet the Yankees are amid an 18-day stretch of games, so that's not very palatable.
Releasing Neil Walker makes the most sense in the moment. As poorly as Walker has hit, though, it's too early to pull the plug on him and his $4 million, especially given how well he performed just last year with the Mets and Brewers.
“This is a really good hitter,” Boone said Tuesday of Walker.
Maybe if Gleyber Torres continues his slow start, he can return to Scranton with the understanding he'll be back soon enough. Optioning Tyler Austin to Scranton appears the slam-dunk move if and when Bird gets back. Before then, however? Eh.
No great option exists, which speaks to that embarrassment of riches.
“Baseball has a funny way of kind of working things out,” Boone said. “You think you have a particular decision coming up, something happens here.”
As long as Boone writes Andujar's name in his lineup more often than not, he'll be juggling capably enough.
ABC(NEW YORK) — Amazon's latest delivery service will let customers receive packages inside their parked cars, the company announced Tuesday, giving ABC's “Good Morning America” an exclusive first look.
The latest iteration of Amazon Key — the service launched last November that allows a delivery person to drop a package off inside customers' homes — will let delivery people have access to someone's parked car, as long as the vehicle is parked in a publicly accessible place.
The in-car delivery service comes at no extra cost for Prime members, who pay an annual subscription fee. To use the new service, customers simply have to download the Amazon Key App, link it to their connected car and then place an order.
In-car delivery service is available starting Tuesday in 37 U.S. cities, and is compatible with many 2015 or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac or Volvo models.
“This is just one more step to make it easy for that Amazon customer to get their product,” Hitha Herzog, a consumer expert and the chief research officer of H Squared Research, told ABC News' chief business, technology and economics correspondent Rebecca Jarvis.
“Since launching Amazon Key last November, we've safely delivered everything from cameras to collectible coins inside the home. Customers have also told us they love features like keyless guest access and being able to monitor their front door from anywhere with the Amazon Key App,” Peter Larsen, Amazon's vice president of delivery technology, said in a statement.
“In-car delivery gives customers that same peace of mind and allows them to take the Amazon experience with them,” Larsen added.
When Amazon launched in-home delivery service last November, it was immediately met with many safety questions associated with allowing a stranger access to one's home.
Despite initial concerns, Amazon told ABC News in a statement that, “Customers are rating their in-home deliveries positively,” and that in Amazon's Key App it has an “an average of 4.78 out of 5 stars.”
“Security is one of the things that has been most important to us as we … build this service,” Larsen told Jarvis, adding that the service has been run through a “rigorous security review.”
In addition, customers receive notifications each step of the way when a package is en route to their car, and can choose to block a delivery up until the package is in the car.
On top of a notification in the morning saying that a package is going to be delivered, “Right before the delivery driver shows up at your house, you get another notification that says, ‘Your vehicle is in the correct delivery area. And we're going be arriving soon,'” Larsen told ABC News.
“You can click through to the Amazon Key app, and you see that … a green circle, which is the area in which your car needs to be,” Larsen said. “After it has been delivered, you get a final notification.”
Once the package is in the car, the Amazon driver must swipe on the delivery app to lock the trunk before moving onto their next stop. If a customer wants, Larsen said, he or she can see on the app “exactly what time the car was unlocked and what time the car was re-locked.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The Bodega Boys have a new merch offering, and it's a collaboration with Urban Outfitters.
Desus and Mero are on top of the world since their feud with The Breakfast Club‘s DJ Envy, and now they've got something bigger to brag about. All members of the Bodega Hive know just how hard it is to cop merchandise before it instantly sells out, but the Bronx duo just dropped a line of shirts with Urban Outfitters, now available on their website.
If you're looking to rock a new “Smacked City” tee or a hat with their lovable sidekick Juicebox the Bear, you wanna act quickly, because sizes are already selling out.
Some styles are already on back order until May, so run to get your helping of Bodega Boys merch here before it's too late.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
By Annie Reuter
The 2017 Teen Choice Awards were held on Sunday evening (Aug. 13) and one major name was missing: Miley Cyrus. The singer and actress shared her apologies with fans on Instagram that evening, explaining that while she had every intention of attending the awards show to accept her trophy for The Ultimate Choice Award, her schedule simply wouldn't allow her.
Related: Miley Cyrus Announces Title, Release Date of New Album
“To my dearest fans & all of those watching @teenchoicefox ! I want to say thank you from the very bottom of my heart for presenting me with #TheUltimateChoiceAward!” Cyrus writes. “I am beyond bummed I couldn't make it to the show as I had every intention of being there to accept and celebrate this honor! I created an unrealistic schedule for myself which leads me to this announcement!”
Then, with the grace of a veteran politician, Miley spun her apology into an act of self-promotion. “I've been tryin to keep the secret but I can't hide it any longer! My new single / music video #YoungerNow will be dropping this Friday, Aug 18th & I am sooooooo EXCITED to share it with all of you! I hope to always make people smile and shine light thru my work! I look forward to making music for the rest of my life and I'm thankful everyday for those who listen! I am sending so much love and peace into the world right now because THATS what we need most! Love Love & more LOVE!”
Cyrus wasn't the only celebrity who couldn't make it to the show. Bruno Mars accepted his Visionary Award from afar with a special video message.
The actress reveals the tricks that hid her pregnancy while filming scenes as Trixie for the BBC drama
Helen George was pregnant while filming Call the Midwife – but you wouldn't know it.
Advertisement
The actress, who plays Nurse Trixie Franklin, gave birth to her daughter Wren in September 2017. But Nonnatus House's most glamorous midwife never revealed any kind of baby bump. So how did they do it?
At a screening in London, George explained: “I was pregnant in the series, so you just kind of see me walk across the screen sometimes with odd fashions, or I'd sit down a lot, or I'm wearing lots of capes.”
“It was difficult to cover it up,” she added, “because it wasn't a correct storyline to choose for the character, as well. It wasn't right for Trixie to be pregnant. So we just did our best to cover it up. I just get a bit larger and my boobs get a little bit bigger.”
Take a look at the first episode of the new series, and – once you know about George's pregnancy – you become a little more aware of the costume departments' trickery.
Like this rather fetching cape…
This suitably shapeless shawl:
And this snug and bulky fur coat.
Heidi Thomas, who created and writes the drama, alludes to the benefits of a skilled costume and props department: “It's amazing what you can do with a swing coat and a clipboard”.
The show even enlisted the talents of the actress's Call the Midwife co-stars to help cover her seven month baby bump…
George – who has appeared on Call the Midwife since it first aired in 2012 – will take a break from screens mid-series to account for her maternity leave. And despite years of acting with babies, she says she still wasn't exactly sure what to do when it came to her own:
“We've done the show for a long time now, and you think you know everything about babies because you're an actress, and all about midwifery, and actually you realise that you don't know anything about it. It's quite hard work. So it's prepared me well.”
According to Thomas, the new addition – with co-star Jack Ashton, who plays Reverend Tom – is already part of the Call the Midwife family.
“Jack and Helen's baby is the most Call the Midwife baby there's ever been, because they're both in it, but over the years you would not believe how many babies we've had born to cast and crew on the show.”
She added: “We were so excited but so sworn to secrecy, because quite rightly it was Helen and Jack's business. But it was sort of family business. Oh, she is the prettiest sweetest little thing. I bought her this little baby grow, I'm hoping sometime I'm going to get a picture of her in it, but it's white velvet with three dimensional gold wings on the back! All I want is to see Baby Wren in that.”
Advertisement
It looks like she got her wish:
Gen. John Nicholson Massoud Hossaini / AP file
Asked whether he supports Nicholson staying on the job, Mattis said, “Of course.” But questioned about whether the president shares that view, Mattis said, “Ask the president.”
“I will tell you right now he is our commander in the field,” Mattis said of Nicholson. “He has the confidence of NATO, he has the confidence of Afghanistan, he has the confidence of the United States and the president again is looking at all aspects of our effort over there as he must for his responsibilities as a commander in chief.”
At a July 19 meeting in the White House Situation Room,
Trump repeatedly suggested that Mattis and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford should replace Nicholson because he is not winning the war, senior administration officials told NBC News earlier this month.
Trump left the nearly two-hour meeting without making a decision on U.S. strategy in Afghanistan.
On Monday, Mattis said the long-awaited review of the strategy is nearly finished. “I believe we are close,” he said. “We are very, very close.” But he said a decision on whether to deploy more American troops has not been finalized.
All options remain on the table for the future of the U.S. military in Afghanistan, including a complete withdrawal and using more private security contractors, he added.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Queen is said to be preparing to abdicate the throne, paving the way for Prince Charles to become King, according to royal family sources.
Queen Elizabeth, now 92 years of age, is alleged to have revealed her plans to hang up her crown when she reaches 95 to her inner circle.
Clarence House is not commenting on 'Plan Regency', which would involve a piece of legislation called the Regency Act coming into force.
"I have spoken to a number of high-ranking courtiers who made it clear that preparations for a transition are moving ahead at pace," Robert Jobson, royal commentator for the Daily Mail, said.
"They have all confirmed that a Regency with Charles taking the lead is now, at the very least, a real possibility."
The act would grant the Queen's eldest son full power to reign even while she still lives.
According to the Mail, one senior former member of the Royal Household said: "Out of the profound respect the Queen holds for the institution of monarchy and its stewardship, Her Majesty would want to make sure that she has done everything she can for her country and her people before she hands over. She is dutiful to her core.
"Her Majesty is mindful of her age and wants to make sure when the time comes, the transition of the Crown is seamless.
"I understand the Queen has given the matter considerable thought and believes that, if she is still alive at 95, she will seriously consider passing the reign to Charles."
Queen Elizabeth II ascended to the throne in 1952.
She famously dedicated her life to her future role as monarch on her 21st birthday, vowing to serve the Commonwealth.
She said: "I declare before you all that my whole life, whether it be long or short, shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong."
Her dad, George VI, was King until his death in February 1952.
Her Majesty is now Britain's longest-reigning monarch, with polls showing she remains hugely popular among people in the country.
But, if she did abdicate, the throne would be passed on to her eldest son, Prince Charles, who would become King.
If this happened, he would become the oldest-ever UK monarch to be crowned.
But if he also decided to abdicate, the throne would be passed on to his eldest son, Prince William, who is currently second in line.
The Duke of Cambridge's three-year-old son, Prince George, is third in line to succeed his great-grandma, the Queen.
It was reported in November that the Palace in London was due to undergo a £369million, 10-year refurbishment .
The work, which will include replacing electrical wiring, water pipes and the heating system, was expected to begin last month.
The Queen was said to be fully supportive of the work.
Her Majesty is expected to remain in residence throughout, but may have to temporarily move bedrooms while the whole palace is resurfaced.
Many of her staff will also need to be temporarily relocated, some even to offices in the garden, while work on the 775-room palace is carried out.
The Mirror Online approached Kensington Palace but it declined to comment.
Hot commodity: Gloria Govan See exactly what Matt Barnes and Derek Fisher are fighting about.
Who is Gloria Govan? There is more to former "Basketball Wives" star Glorida Govan than meets the eye.
Matt Barnes drove 95 miles to 'beat the s--t' out of Derek Fisher Knicks coach Derek Fisher was attacked in Los Angeles by NBA bad boy Matt Barnes, who drove 95 miles to “beat the s—t out of him” when he found out...
'Basketball Wives' star rebounds with new OWN show Evelyn Lozada, the firecracker from VH1's “Basketball Wives,” is now headlining OWN's “Livin' Lozada” after a hiatus from reality TV. “I was on ‘Basketball Wives' for five years and there...
The reality TV star who has Selena and Kylie stripping down on Instagram In April, pop star Selena Gomez posted an Instagram photo of herself in a supersexy, black one-piece swimsuit while on vacation in Mexico. She captioned it: “I love being happy...
Video
A charity in Sheffield are urging people to be vigilant about what is happening on their street.
Eagles goalie Jared Winter stopped 18 shots in gaining his second shutout of the season against North.
Davies struck first and got the game's only goal with 30 seconds left in the first period when Skarperud nabbed a loose puck at center ice and scored with a backhanded shot.
Both North and Davies had apparent goals disallowed in the second period and the Eagles took their 1-0 advantage to the final 17 minutes.
The Spartans held the Eagles off thanks in part to goalie Ryley Pladson's 32 saves.
Davies improved to 15-7 overall in beating the Spartans for the third time this season. Davies will play Red River in a Friday semifinal game, with the winner advancing to next week's state tournament at Scheels Arena.
North is 4-17-1 heading into Friday's loser-out bracket game against West Fargo.
Devils Lake 3, Fargo South-Shanley 0
DEVILS LAKE, N.D.—Devils Lake, which split two regular-season games with Fargo South-Shanley, shutout the Bruins in the two team's third meeting of the season.
Tommy Reslock scored a first-period goal and a third-period goal for Devils Lake. Ryan Reule closed out the scoring with a third-period goal.
Devils Lake, which beat South-Shanley 4-2 on Nov. 29 but lost to the Bruins 3-0 on Jan. 14, improves its overall record to 15-7.
Devils Lake will take on unbeaten Grand Forks Central in Friday's semifinal game, with the winner advancing to next week's state tournament at Scheels Arena.
South-Shanley, which falls to 10-11-1 overall, will play Grafton-Park River in Friday's consolation semifinal game. South-Shanley goalie Benjamin Bryant had 30 saves.
Grand Forks Red River 9, West Fargo 2
GRAND FORKS—Luke LaMoine and Riley Thingvold each scored two goals to spark Red River to its opening-round win over West Fargo.
Red River also got goals from Max Johnson, Braden Costello, Tyler Savage, Reed Olson and Henry Fosse. Red River, which beat West Fargo 9-1 and 7-1 during the regular season, improves its overall record to 20-2. The Roughriders will play Fargo Davies in a Friday semifinal game.
"The only difference is that we got 20 shots on their net this time and the other two times this season is we got only eight and nine," said West Fargo coach Tim Capouch said of Red River, whose only two losses are to unbeaten Grand Forks Central. "Red River and Central are head and shoulders above anyone else in the east,."
West Fargo, which falls to 3-18-1, got goals from Brody Sherod and Sterling Morin. The Packers will play Fargo North in a consolation semifinal game Friday.
Grand Forks Central 16, Grafton-Park River 1
GRAND FORKS—Grand Forks Central left little doubt why its unbeaten this season, scoring seven first-period goals enroute to a 16-1 opening-round win over Grafton-Park River.
Grant Johnson scored three goals while Zachary Murphy, Lucas Kanta and Cameron Olstad each scored two goals for Central.
Central, which beat Grafton-Park River 7-0 and 12-1 during the regular season, improves its overall record to 22-0. Central will play Devils Lake in Friday's semifinal game.
Grafton-Park River, which falls to 4-18 overall, got its lone goal from Wyatt Wardner. Grafton-Park River will play Fargo South-Shanley in Friday's consolation semifinal game.
A brief phone call that happened 35 years ago took center stage Tuesday at a hearing in the Robert Durst murder case.
The call was thought to be the last time that anyone heard from Durst's wife Kathie before she vanished, although prosecutors are now raising the possibility that it wasn't her on the other end of the line.
Prosecutors allege that Durst, the millionaire real-estate scion and subject of the HBO series “The Jinx,” killed Kathie and then nearly 20 years later murdered his friend Susan Berman because she knew too much about the slaying.
Durst, 73, is charged only with Berman's slaying — and prosecutors wanted to get testimony from three witnesses who they say are in fear of Durst.
The first was Dr. Albert Kuperman, a former dean of a New York medical school where Kathie Durst was a student at the time of her disappearance.
He testified that a woman who identified herself as Kathleen Durst called him on Feb. 1, 1982, to say she was sick with “gastrointestinal distress” and would not be in.
The prosecution and the defense sparred over how to describe the caller, with Deputy District Attorney John Lewin suggesting it might not have been Kathie Durst on the line and Robert Durst's lawyer getting Kuperman to say he had believed for 35 years that it was Kathie.
Who made the call is significant because it could bolster or undermine Robert Durst's timeline for when and where he last saw his wife. In addition to establishing a timeline, prosecutors want to leave open the possibility that the call came from someone else impersonating her.
During the daylong hearing, the two sides also fought over how to refer to “The Jinx,” with prosecutors calling it a documentary and Durst lawyer Dick DeGuerin saying it's just a “movie.”
The show examined Durst's links to the 1982 disappearance of Kathie, the 2000 murder of Berman and the 2001 killing and dismemberment of Durst's Texas neighbor Morris Black. Durst was found not guilty in Black's death.
“The Jinx” ended with Durst's bombshell statement on a hot mic that he “killed them all.”
One of the witnesses scheduled to testify at the three-day pretrial hearing has not yet been named. DeGuerin said there's some indication that witness is working on a book, “which would be rather sensational.”
Lamyaa
Lamyaa said there were mutual friends in the group chat she didn't know, but she believed the mere fact she was Muslim to set this person off.
"That guy didn't feel comfortable so he said what he said," Lamyaa suspected.
Billy Graham was a pernicious influence on the White House In life and in death, Billy Graham has been depicted as a benign counselor to presidents. On Wednesday, he became the first religious leader to lie in state at the...
Thousands attend funeral for Billy Graham CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The Rev. Billy Graham's funeral began Friday with a rousing song and heartfelt words in the culmination of more than a week of tributes to “America's Pastor.”...
Billy Graham gets Capitol salute WASHINGTON — He felt stung by the politics that helped define his life — and resolved to keep a distance. But in death, the Rev. Billy Graham is getting a...
Billy Graham's body arrives at namesake library CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Admirers took photos on their phones, fire trucks parked on freeway overpasses and police officers saluted as a motorcade carrying the body of the Rev. Billy Graham...
Billy Graham to lie in honor at the Capitol WASHINGTON — The body of evangelist Billy Graham will lie in honor under the US Capitol Rotunda next week as Congress pays tribute to a clergyman who counseled presidents and...
Project info
My series of photo montages is about moods. Emotional states reproduced by different layers of photographs. Moods are complex, which I have expressed by combining photographs shot by me at different places in the world. The photos stand for the moods: loneliness, inner peace, happiness and escape. In the photo collages you will also find emotional states like rootedness, animated desolation, inevitability to our artificiality, frangibility.
I have also made this series as real 3D collages, where I have cut the photographs and clued it together in different layers. Between the layers, I have placed foam board to create more depth.
A NUMBER of local represent-atives have argued that if crime-spotting CCTV drones are deployed, proper regulations must be put in place.
The idea was mooted last at a special meeting of the joint policing committee which was convened to give the green light to a pilot scheme that will see the delivery of integrated CCTV cameras across the county.
Once approved by Garda Commissioner Noirin O'Sullivan, Limerick City and County Council plans to install and renew 44 ‘smart' cameras at 15 rural locations by November 30.
During the 30-minute meeting, attended by politicians and local agencies, West End Youth Centre manager William Priestley asked if the council was considering drone CCTV cameras.
The council's head of digital strategy Dr Mihai Bilauca said that technology “should be used as long as it is ethical and valuable. It can't be done just because it can be done”.
“There are pros and cons to it, but it is something that we should be considering,” Mr Priestley told the Leader.
In an interview, Dr Bilauca said that he was unsure of the legal restrictions, but there are “certain principles that we need to apply.
“Cameras have to work for people. They have to work for the communities. It has to be ethical, it has to respect privacy legislation and data protection. And then they have to be effective in combating crimes.”
It is understood that this is the first time the idea had been put to the local authority.
Fianna Fáil TD Niall Collins said that he does not object to the use of drones, in principle.
“And the State has to come up with a balance in terms of legislation, in terms of the usage of drones, in terms of respecting people's privacy. Because, as we know, a drone can effectively fly into your back garden or could even fly into your kitchen and invade your privacy.
“What we were discussing today in terms of the CCTV cameras – they are public, people know that they're there, whereas drones can obviously be used in a covert fashion. So it is something, the detail of which, will have to be worked out.”
Deputy Collins added: “And there will have to be a strict policy and a transparent policy, in terms of the usage of drones. Drones, in my opinion, should only be used in public spaces and should not infringe or look into people's private space.”
Metropolitan Mayor Cllr Sean Lynch, who is a retired detective garda, approves of the use of drone cameras in emergency situations.
“Wouldn't that be fantastic for the water rescue teams who have a drone, that they could operate a drone from the boat with the aid of an iPad or a laptop? Somebody unfortunately goes in for whatever reason, you could use the services of the drone along the river, that is great technology. It is most welcome. You have the other issues, such as data and privacy, but that will be all ironed out and dealt with in due course,” he enthused.
Meanwhile, Limerick garda division is expected to deploy a new innovative pilot scheme, which allow officers to access CCTV footage, check car registrations, and make statements through a specialised app.
Supt Derek Smart told the Limerick Leader that Chief Supt David Sheahan is championing the project, which is now “at a very advanced stage”.
CCTV access will also be installed into vehicles, which will allow gardaí to improve the monitoring of criminal incidents.
Deputy Collins described this move as “progressive” for the local gardaí.
Supt Smart added: “The biggest thing is that you can't replace the man on the ground. That is the biggest asset that we have. Having the CCTV in the background will be something that will ease and aid the investigation going forward, in any serious crime or minor crime.”
Senator Kieran O'Donnell urged the joint policing committee to write to the Garda Commissioner to send more gardaí to Limerick after the next passing out ceremony this September.
The Henry Street superintendent said that the Limerick division did not receive new gardaí in the last two groups, and that Chief Supt Sheahan is “very active” in trying to gain new recruits.
The 44 new cameras in County Limerick will act as phase one of the new pilot scheme. At the end of the scheme, it is expected that 300 cameras will be installed, each monitored from a central hub in Moyross.
Dr Bilauca said that there is potential for installing up to 500 cameras, provided suitable funding is made available.
Mayor of Limerick City and County, Cllr Stephen Keary said that he was disappointed that the scheme was not delivered in early 2017. He and Cllr Kevin Sheahan urged the council prioritise Askeaton and Rathkeale in the new scheme.
The towns and communities benefiting from the new programme include Newcastle West, Rathkeale, Askeaton, Castleconnell, Abbeyfeale, Kilmallock, Adare, Pallasgreen, Caherconlish, Croom, Foynes, Murroe, Patrickswell and Cappamore.
The delivery of the scheme will cost €500,000.
The U.S. Open heads to Shinnecock Hills for the fifth time this June, but the historic track has undergone some substantial changes since it last hosted the championship in 2004. Most notably, the course has been lengthened by 449 yards, which means this year's leader board might not be as peppered with shorter hitters as it was when Retief Goosen held off Phil Mickelson to win his second U.S. Open title, when guys like Jeff Maggert and Fred Funk lurked. Who will hoist the trophy this time? Here's a look at our ranking of U.S. Open picks with current odds from Westgate Las Vegas Superbook (Did you hear the good news? You might be able to bet legally in your state soon! ) as we approach the year's second major.
1. Jason Day (14/1); Last week: No. 1
Pinterest Sam Greenwood/Getty Images
Reason to pick: Doesn't it just feel like the Aussie is about to go on another big run? After a win at Torrey Pines, Day won again at the Wells Fargo before finishing T-5 at the Players. He's also on pace to post the best strokes gained/putting season since the stat was implemented in 2004.
Cause for concern: Day grabbed his shoulder in pain on the 16th hole on Sunday at TPC Sawgrass. Then again, that probably doesn't mean anything.
2. Justin Rose (18/1); Last week: No. 8
Pinterest David Cannon
Reason to pick: If this event was held in January, Rose would have been the favorite following a blistering stretch of golf in which he finished in the top 10 in 10 consecutive worldwide events, including three victories. Even so, his most recent win at Colonial, plus the fact his lone major title came at this event in 2013, moves him way up our board.
Introducing Golf Digest All Access, a new way to improve
Cause for concern: Rose shot 77-78 at Shinnecock to miss the cut at the 2004 U.S. Open.
3. Justin Thomas (14/1); Last week: No. 2
Pinterest Jamie Squire/Getty Images
Reason to pick: The newest World No. 1 is probably the most well-rounded player in golf right now has been prepares to enter an event designed to test all aspects of the game. Thomas and Rickie Fowler also made a trip to Shinnecock last year and according to JT, "both shot the easiest 65s ever." Must be nice.
Cause for concern: Shinnecock will be playing juuuust a tad more difficult—and faster—when he returns this year. And if there's one area where JT struggles, it's on short putts. While we're on the subject …
4. Jordan Spieth (10/1); Last week: No. 3
Pinterest Jamie Squire
Reason to pick: We're not falling for Spieth's slow rolls anymore. It doesn't matter how he's playing entering a major, he's still dangerous and deserves to be mentioned near the top of any U.S. Open picks list.
Cause for concern: Wait, he missed a putt from less than a foot?!
OK, that's pretty concerning … and as we saw in 2004, short putts are the scariest shots you'll face at Shinnecock.
5. Dustin Johnson (10/1); Last week: No. 4
Pinterest Darren Carroll/Getty Images
Reason to pick: Of all the long hitters, Johnson is the straightest, which is a big reason why he went T-4, runner-up, win in three consecutive U.S. Opens before missing the cut at Erin Hills last year, and why he's currently the odds-on favorite. Firm and fast conditions don't require much use of the driver, but those who do—and are accurate—reap big dividends.
Cause for concern: As well as Johnson played in keeping his No. 1 ranking for 64 weeks, it's kind of amazing it has been two full years since he won his first and only major. Now he's starting to face the "Yeah, but when will he win a second major?" questions.
6. Rickie Fowler (14/1); Last week: No. 5
Pinterest Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images
Reason to pick: One of the most consistent players on tour and another accurate driver, Fowler nearly won his first major in April at the Masters.
Cause for concern: "Nearly won his first major" is becoming Fowler's middle name.
7. Patrick Reed (30/1); Last week: No. 6
Pinterest Stan Badz
Reason to pick: He has irons that are properly fitted for him, contacts that allow him to see better, and a green jacket that he'll probably wear around New York again. This is the Year of Reed.
Cause for concern: Only six golfers have ever won the Masters and U.S. Open in the same season. Of course, there's no way Captain America will be intimidated by such a statistic.
8. Tiger Woods (20/1); Last week: No. 8
Pinterest Richard Heathcote/Getty Images
Reason to pick: Woods looked so good during a spirited weekend charge at TPC Sawgrass that even Golf Channel's Brandel Chamblee said he deserves to be the U.S. Open favorite. If you take out the minimum divisor the Official World Golf Ranking uses and he'd rank in the top 10.
Cause for concern: Woods hasn't exactly been rock solid down the stretch of final rounds in his latest comeback. And then there's that whole he hasn't won a major in 10(!) years thing …
9. Phil Mickelson (30/1); Last week: No. 9
Pinterest Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images
Reason to pick: The six-time U.S. Open runner-up (seriously, how is it possible to contend that many times without winning?! ) is putting better than ever and enjoying a turn-back-the-clock season that included a win at the WGC-Mexico Championship.
Cause for concern: Turning back the clock to what happened to Mickelson at Shinnecock 14 years ago might be a bit painful. Phil was tied with eventual winner Retief Goosen before a three-putt (from about five feet) double bogey on the penultimate hole. Also, he'll turn 48 on Saturday of the U.S. Open, making him nearly three years older than the tournament's oldest winner (Hale Irwin in 1990). Seeing Phil complete the career Grand Slam would be an incredible story, but it's asking a lot from Lefty at this point.
10. Brooks Koepka (30/1); Last week: No. 13
Pinterest Streeter Lecka/Getty Images
Reason to pick: He's the defending U.S. Open champ, and after a slow start due to a wrist injury, Koepka has fired three 63s in his past five rounds. The hot stretch led to a T-11 at the Players and a runner-up at Colonial.
Cause for concern: Shinnecock Hills' fairways are juuuuust a little tighter than the virtual cow pastures at Erin Hills.
11. Rory McIlroy (12/1); Last week: No. 12
Pinterest Sam Greenwood/Getty Images
Reason to pick: McIlroy's putting is much improved, up to what is on pace to be a career-best 39th in strokes gained/putting. And the Northern Irishman showed he's still capable of spurts as good as anyone at Bay Hill when he birdied five of his final six holes to pull away from the field. He didn't pull away over the weekend at the BMW PGA, but his runner-up moves him up a spot here.
Cause for concern: Can you believe it's been seven years since Rory's eight-shot romp at Congressional at the 2011 U.S. Open? Since then, he has more missed cuts (three) than top-20 finishes (one, a T-9 at Chambers) in this event.
12. Jon Rahm (18/1); Last week: No. 10
Pinterest (Photo by Sam Greenwood/Getty Images)
Reason to pick: We are nearly two years into the Spaniard's pro career and the results have been nothing short of spectacular. Rahm has two PGA Tour wins, another three victories on the European Tour and he's been ranked as high as No. 2 in the world. And following a fourth-place finish at the Masters in April, we can no longer say he hasn't contended at a major.
Cause for concern: In his first U.S. Open as a pro last year, Rahm threw an all-out temper tantrum on his way to missing the cut at Erin Hills. A few trips to Shinnecock's infamous fescue this year could prompt a similar reaction.
13. Tommy Fleetwood (40/1); Last week: No. 12
Pinterest Patrick Smith/Getty Images
Reason to pick: This ball-striking machine finished fourth at last year's U.S. Open. If he holds at 40-to-1 odds, he might be the best value on the board.
Cause for concern: Not much to worry about here. Putting remains the weakest part of Fleetwood's game, but his +.129 in strokes gained (ranked 91st) is the first time he hasn't been a negative in the stat. Hmm … 40-to-1, eh?
RELATED: What does legalize gambling mean for golf fans?
WATCH MORE VIDEOS FROM THE LOOP
British retailer John Lewis Partnership Plc is opening its 50th department store in London this week amid a spate of retail restructurings and outright collapses. In a bid to draw in shoppers, it's doubling down on everything it says Amazon.com Inc. can't do.
The employee-owned retailer wants to build more personalized relationships with its customers through concierge-style services and educational sessions in the store's “discovery room.” Among the scheduled offerings are a talk on the art of hosting the perfect dinner party and another on the pillows, duvets and mattresses most likely to provide a blissful night's sleep.
Style studio at the new John Lewis department store in London, March 20. Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg
The National Theatre has trained the store's 500 workers on how to improve their body language and communication with shoppers, and the shop's stylists were taught how to translate catwalk trends to the mass market at the London College of Style. It's a step beyond other retailers' efforts to turn shopping into an “experience” -- and a far cry from Amazon's one-click ordering.
“Going head-to-head with a retailer that doesn't need to make a profit means we have to find a space in which we can operate,” said Dino Rocos, John Lewis's operations director, referring to Amazon's practice of sacrificing earnings for growth. “You have to differentiate.”
To read more on Amazon's impact on U.K. retail, click here
Amazon's growth has wreaked havoc on the U.K.'s shopping streets, as department stores struggle to lure consumers away from their computer screens. In the U.K., where e-commerce accounts for 18 percent of retail sales, compared with 12 percent in the U.S., Debenhams Plc is shrinking some shops and closing others, while House of Fraser is asking landlords for rent reductions. The BHS chain collapsed two years ago.
The new John Lewis store, the latest in a chain founded in 1864, forms part of the extension of a Westfield Corp. shopping center in west London that's still attractive to retail tenants because of an array of restaurants and bars that encourage lengthy shopping sprees.
Personal Styling
John Lewis is trying to tap in to that trend itself by offering personal styling services over a glass of prosecco. Personal shoppers will send loyal customers text messages when a new cocktail dress or summer suit they might like arrives in store.
Paula Nickolds in London, March 20. Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg
When the retailer committed to the four-story, 33 million-pound ($46 million) store in 2013, the U.K. economy was on the upswing and few expected the upheaval -- exacerbated by Brexit-related cost pressure -- that drove a 22 percent drop in the retailer's profit last year.
John Lewis is set to open another store later this year, but Managing Director Paula Nickolds is coy on the prospect of further expansion.
Department stores need to be places of “inspiration and discovery,” she said. “Retailers have to evolve very significantly, and at pace.”
Talent is your biggest asset, and while you'll never eliminate employee turnover, the following strategies can help you keep your best.
When good employees leave, productivity sinks, morale suffers and colleagues struggle with an increased workload until you find a replacement. Add in recruitment and training costs, and on-boarding new hires can make for a difficult and expensive transition.
A recent survey from NodeSource reveals that 37 percent of 103 organizations surveyed are worried about finding good talent, and 35 percent worry they won't be able to build successful teams. Make no mistake, finding and retaining talent is one of the major issues IT faces today.
The best solution is to keep your workers happy so they don't leave. But before you can implement a plan to increase employee retention, you need to determine why valuable employees are leaving. Here are the most common reasons employees jump ship to new employers.
Management mishaps
"Most people don't quit their jobs; they quit their managers," says Wendy Duarte Duckrey, vice president of recruiting at JPMorgan Chase.
Understanding that your organization's management philosophy could be part of the problem is the first step to improving retention, she says.
"When you lose your top talent, the first place to look is at management," Duckrey says. "Managing teams as a whole is hard. You have to manage to each individual, and invest time into discovering what each member of a team needs both at work and outside of work to do their job to the best of their ability," she says.
Do your employees feel that they're all "in this together"? Do they feel their suggestions, concerns and challenges are acknowledged and, when possible, acted upon? Do they feel valued? Are they being listened to, or just heard?
While it may sound inconsequential, simply listening to employees' concerns and doing what you can to address those — or at least explaining why they can't be addressed at the present time — can go a long way toward keeping the best and brightest, Duckrey says.
"One manager with poor people skills can do damage to the culture and effectiveness of a company in a short period of time — managers need to be people-orientated and able to harness their team's talent and passion. Middle managers are a significant force in accomplishing the business objectives and are essential to the overall culture," says David Stevens, executive vice president of corporate relations at Valor Global.
Unprepared managers
Once you've identified problem managers, you need to dig a little deeper. Many problematic managers are simply rockstar developers or other tech talent promoted before they were ready, and ill-equipped to deal with the demands and nuances of management.
Skills that make an employee a great software developer or coder, for example, are completely different from those required for management. You need to provide the necessary training and guidance to help your managers lead and manage their teams.
"A critical mistake organizations can make is the assumption that [if] someone is great at their day job, they'll be great at leading and managing people," says Travis Furlow, a coach at Paperclip Thinking.
"One of the easiest ways to lose people is to misalign them with their daily duties. Organizations need to train people to be managers. Invest the time in developing, coaching and mentoring your managers," says Furlow. "Too often, people are promoted into management and then are left to fend for themselves."
In addition to offering managerial growth options, consider offering opportunities for succession that are lateral or that result in non-managerial roles.
"There are plenty of individual contributor roles that can make an impact in companies," says Joe Topinka, CIO of SnapAV. "Have clear career pathways for managers and supervisors as well as people who want to stay in an individual contributor path. Business relationship managers are good examples of people that can really make an impact in this regard. They don't have to manage people to drive real and meaningful business results."
Stevens agrees. "It is important to recognize that not everyone is interested in or cut out for managing people," he says. "So there must be an opportunity to advance along a couple of trajectories, [such as] technical SME and leadership/management … [where] both career paths are viable growth vectors."
There's no room to grow
One of the main reasons top performers leave is because they feel that their career advancement isn't going as planned.
"It doesn't matter if they like what they're working on, who they're working with and are compensated fairly or more than fairly," says David Foote, chief analyst and research officer at Foote Partners. "They have to feel there's something in it for them personally," otherwise, they will be tempted to search for employment elsewhere, or be susceptible to recruiters.
But what if you don't have any nonmanagerial career paths, or employees don't want to become managers? Your best individual contributors aren't always going to want to manage people. So you need to build a career path for them or they will find another organization that does.
Making educational and career advancement opportunities available, even if they result in employees growing up and out of your organization, is a must, because you never know when an employee might return to your organization, or when they'll make a key referral, says Duckrey.
"Make sure employees are aware of available opportunities to grow and to expand their knowledge," she says. "One of the key things — if you're really listening to employees — is to find out if they are getting the resources to add to and change their roles, to take on more and different responsibilities, to spearhead new projects, to experiment," Duckrey says.
"Most people don't want to come to a job every day and just slog through, doing the same thing day after day. They want to learn new things, try new things, and if you can support their efforts to do that, you'll inspire loyalty and that can help with retention," Duckrey says.
She adds that not all educational opportunities have to be jobbed- or career-focused. At Duckrey's previous employer, Mondo, a two-week sabbatical program was available for employees who've been with the company for three or more years.
"The sabbatical program is a huge motivator," she says. "If you've always wanted to travel, you can take the time and go to an exotic place, learn a new language, learn about a new culture and then come back and tell everyone about the experience and what you've learned.”
Tuition reimbursement programs are another avenue for employees “to make their lives richer, both inside and outside of work," she says.
You're behind the bleeding edge
Keeping your technology current can help keep valuable employees excited about and engaged in the direction the company's going, says Rona Borre, CEO and founder of technology and finance hiring, recruiting and consulting firm Instant Alliance.
"We have two clients right now who can't necessarily afford to pay top-of-the-bracket salaries, but they are always updating their platforms and making sure they're on the cutting edge of technology," Borre says.
If new technology or upgrades aren't in the budget, consider sending employees to outside training on those cutting-edge systems, or encourage them to gain those skills, even if you can't use them in your organization, she says. That will emphasize that you value their education and their emerging skill sets.
"Make sure they can get some new skills and experiences, even if they can't do it at work," she says. "Give them the flexibility and the freedom to play around, and also the opportunity to get exposure for themselves working with the new technology."
You're not checking in regularly
If your managers aren't offering constructive feedback on a regular basis or they don't talk about career goals at least once a year with employees, then your organization is at risk of falling out of touch with your talent. While once a year performance reviews are the minimum, most experts agree that more frequent reviews are better, especially with millennials.
"The more frequently you can have those [performance] discussions, the easier it is to catch and correct a [problem] and support great behavior or performance," says Furlow. "Having a structured and pointed career development session every six months with the employees on your teams can add huge value when it comes to growth, engagement and retention."
Regular feedback will also give you more warning when people are feeling dissatisfied or disengaged. "Checking in with your employees a couple times a year provides a sense of interest in the employee's success and in many cases will give early warnings of dissatisfaction, allowing for an opportunity to change course if warranted," says Stevens.
Recognize and reward your employees for their outstanding work. Money isn't always the top motivator, so you've got to know on a individual basis what motivates your top talent. It could be internal recognition, a promotion, extra vacation or a flexible schedule. But you have to ask.
"The biggest impact companies can make is to recognize and reward solid performance. This can take the form of a pat on the back for a job well done, financial incentives, or even promotions and giving high performers more responsibility, "says Topinka.
Your workplace policies are too rigid
In the tech space, flexible scheduling and telecommuting have become more common, but not yet ubiquitous — and organizations like IBM and Yahoo have notoriously rescinded their work from home policies, even as demand from talent rises.
"Flexible work time and the ability to be a virtual employee are so prevalent in today's workforce that they are becoming an expectation," says Furlow. "The ability to work a flexible schedule can be a [great] way to retain professionals."
In fact, new research from Dice.com reveals that telecommuting is the most-wanted benefit tech pros are looking for. Some 60 percent of millennials, 53 percent of Generation Xers, and 61 percent of Baby Boomers stated a desire to work remotely half of the time or more in the Dice survey. In fact, 63 percent of respondents to a separate Dice snap poll said they would be willing to take a pay cut to telecommute at least half the time, and 27 percent would reduce their salary by 11 percent.
“This is a major demand we see from talent,” says George McFerran, executive vice president at Dice. “And for organizations that can't compete on salary to get that elite tech talent, offering remote and telecommuting options — even just part of the time or a few days a week — means they'll be able to land those great hires.”
Your mission is muddled
If employees don't understand what the organization's, or their department's, goals are, or what their role is in the overall strategy, chances are, they will not be as engaged. Having a strong set of corporate values, a mission statement and specific goals (for the company, departments, teams and individuals) can help direct employees' energy and help them see how their individual contributions are part of a greater whole, says Borre.
"One thing we see when we measure employee satisfaction is that most people want to work somewhere with a strong corporate culture, one that clearly defines its mission and has a set of values that every employee, from the CEO on down, has bought into, believes in, and is tracking to," says Borre.
"That gives them a stake in the company, a way to measure success. But they also need to feel valued as part of that bigger whole," Borre says.
Helping employees feel valued isn't difficult, says Borre, but it may involve investing a bit more time to listen, gather feedback and incorporate that feedback into company policies and mission statements, she says. It could also require a bit more capital to ensure compensation is tracking with national averages and offering perks that match or exceed those available at similar firms, she says.
"Communicating the technology strategy and how it reflects the organization's objectives is essential to employee engagement," says Stevens. "This is so central to succeeding that it needs to be continually and consistently presented at various levels of the organization, so the team can be part owners and champions of the strategy."
You're not facilitating work-life balance
Paying attention to employees' struggles to manage work and home life also can go a long way toward keeping top talent, Duckrey says. And it's often the little things that work best.
"It can be as simple as having a bowl of fresh fruit in the break room. It can be something like offering a dry-cleaning service that picks up and delivers items for employees while they're at work. Little things that emphasize the importance of work-life balance go a long way toward making employees feel that they're not just disposable cogs in a wheel, but a valuable asset to the company, and to their families," says Duckrey.
By constantly inviting feedback, listening to employees' concerns and incorporating that into the fabric of everyday life — both for the company and for employees' home lives — you can ensure you're keeping and nurturing the best and brightest, Duckrey says.
"There is a talent shortage, and you're going to have to give a little to be able to retain top talent," Duckrey says. "You don't have to be a mega-billion-dollar corporation or spend tons of money to give people luxury perks or rockstar treatment; what you do have to do is give people the opportunity to grow, and to evolve and change to meet the needs of your employees."
Related hiring and staffing articles:
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
HQ Trivia is the live trivia quiz app that everyone loves. Like, really really loves. It's honestly kind of weird how much people love it, to be totally honest. And now there's a site called HQuack that supposedly “hacks” the game to help you win… but is that really why anyone was playing anyway?
The premise of HQ Trivia is that at 3 p.m. and 9 p.m. EST – appointment playing! – a genial host, usually the comedian Scott Rogowsky, talks players through 10 trivia questions of increasing difficulty. If you miss a question, you're out. If you make it through all 10, you and however many people are left split a pot of real money. The pot and the split vary, but winners can expect a payout ranging $1-$100. Most often it seems to be under $20.
But the lure of real money isn't the reason HQ Trivia has blown up in the last few months, regularly attracting over a million players each game. It's just, well, fun.
HQuack.com is a site made by a developer named Jake Mor, who created a program to predict the answers to questions as the game plays out. He told BuzzFeed News, “it's a little complex under the hood, but it basically Googles a series of questions and weighs which options are best.”
It's time to find the cash for new Hudson rail tunnels Last month, Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx called the lack of action at the state level on a new Hudson River rail tunnel “almost criminal.” Well, New Jersey officials are now...
Obama administration to require anti-collision tech on cars and trucks WASHINGTON — The Obama administration said Monday it is taking a first step toward requiring that future cars and light trucks be equipped with technology that enables them to warn...
Suspected Bayelsa drug baron nabbed – The Punch
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SEC dropped probe month after firm aided Kushner company The feds last year dropped an investigation into a financial company a month after the firm gave Jared Kushner's family real estate business a $180 million loan, a new report...
Ceva Logistics IPO expected by April Leon Black's Apollo Global Management plans to take its Ceva Logistics public by April, a source close to the situation told The Post. A roughly $1.5 billion initial public offering...
Apollo's Qdoba move is latest in CEO's junk-food buyouts Apollo Management CEO Leon Black has a taste for junk food — and his employee Lance Milken appears to have a taste for junk bonds. The private-equity powerhouse — whose...
Judge skeptical of partnership claims in Apollo Global suit A Manhattan Bankruptcy Court judge has taken a skeptical view toward a claim by group of disgruntled executives who sued Leon Black's Apollo Global over its takeover of a Dutch...
Apollo Global expected to buy Qdoba for $300M Leon Black's Apollo Global Management is expected to announce as soon as Friday that it has signed a deal to buy Jack in the Box's troubled Qdoba Mexican Eats chain,...
Leon Black's Apollo Global eyeing Qdoba Leon Black has his eye on some Mexican food — like the entire 720-store Qdoba Mexican Eats chain, The Post has learned. Black's Apollo Global Management is in late-stage bidding...
Ex-Apollo Global exec charged with defrauding investors out of $290K Federal regulators on Wednesday charged a former senior partner at Leon Black's Apollo Global Management with defrauding investors out of $290,000. For 3 ¹/₂ years ended in June 2013, Ali...
Leon Black's Apollo Global sued over alleged fraud Leon Black's Apollo Global Management conspired to swipe a $20 million stake in a Dutch logistics company held by a group of former executives, a lawsuit filed in a Florida...
Leon Black's Apollo raises the biggest buyout fund ever Billionaire Leon Black's private-equity firm Apollo Global Management has raised a record $23.5 billion for the world's biggest-ever buyout fund, according to a report. The boffo raise eclipses the previous...
MILWAUKEE — The game was already well in hand for the Milwaukee Bucks, but a thunderous dunk by Giannis Antetokounmpo in the final minute provided an exclamation point on a successful stretch of three home games in four days.
Antetokounmpo finished with 37 points, 13 rebounds and seven assists and the Bucks beat the Utah Jazz 117-100 on Saturday night for their third consecutive victory.
Milwaukee is five games over .500 for the first time since Feb. 28, 2015, and is off to its best start through 25 games since also starting 15-10 in the 2005-06 season.
“As a team, we're growing up and understanding what it takes to win in this league,” Bucks coach Jason Kidd said. “It's not easy. The week didn't start off well for us (with a loss to Boston) but we ended it on a positive note. Now we turn the page to another week with another three in four.”
The Bucks built a 22-point lead early in the fourth and held on after the Jazz pulled within single digits.
Antetokounmpo scored 24 points in the second half, drawing chants of “MVP! MVP!” from the home crowd on multiple occasions. Khris Middleton and Eric Bledsoe each added 20 points.
“Coming out of the half, we talked here in the meeting, we said we got to finish this game and not give them chances,” Antetokounmpo said. “So that was what I was trying to do, and that is why I came out playing hard.”
Milwaukee led by as many as 16 points in the second quarter before Utah went on a 19-5 run to pull to 44-42 on a pair of free throws by Ricky Rubio with 1:50 until halftime.
The Bucks scored the final seven points of the quarter to take a 51-42 advantage into the break.
“They had their way with us early,” Jazz coach Quin Snyder said. “If we start games like that, it is very difficult to come back on the road against a good team.”
Milwaukee opened the second half on a 10-3 run and took a 61-45 lead on Antetokounmpo's basket.
The Bucks built a 22-point fourth-quarter advantage, but Utah pulled to 95-86 on a 3-pointer by Donovan Mitchell with 4:05 to play. Bledsoe answered with a triple on the other end, and the Bucks closed out the game on a 22-14 run.
Rudy Gobert led the Jazz with 20 points and nine rebounds. Alec Burks added 20 points.
“The way we started the game was terrible,” Mitchell said. “We came out flat, gave up transition points that we never give up. We just didn't look like us.”
TIP-INS
Jazz: Guard Rodney Hood missed his seventh straight game with left ankle soreness. … Guard Raul Neto left the game in the first quarter with concussion-like symptoms and did not return.
Bucks: Guard Tony Snell sat out for the second consecutive night with left patella tendinitis. … Listed as questionable prior to the game, guard Matthew Dellavedova remained out with left knee tendinitis. … Guard Gary Payton II made his second straight start in place of Snell and played a season-high 23 minutes.
BIG THREE
The trio of Antetokounmpo, Middleton and Bledsoe combined to score 227 points during Milwaukee's three-game winning streak. The Bucks are 11-4 since acquiring Bledsoe from Phoenix on Nov. 7.
NOT THE SAME
After hitting a franchise-record 18 shots from beyond the arc in a 121-108 win over the Bucks on Nov. 26, the Jazz were 8 of 23 on 3-pointers Saturday.
UP NEXT
Jazz: Utah continues its six-game trip at Chicago on Wednesday night.
Bucks: At New Orleans on Wednesday night.
——
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
NFL bully victim faces 5 charges following Instagram gun threat Jonathan Martin has been hit with five charges for the chilling Instagram post that forced a high school to close as a safety precaution last month. Martin, a former NFL...
Ex-Pro Bowler shook off tasing, tackled cop in scary arrest All 6-foot-5, 325 pounds of Branden Albert was angry after police turned a Taser on him. The longtime left tackle, who hasn't played since 2016 and is a free agent,...
49ers star dragged me out of home: girlfriend Reuben Foster physically dragged his girlfriend during an argument in an attempt to remove her from a California home, she claims. The details have begun to emerge following the Sunday...
Jets newcomer arrested with marijuana-laced candy HANOVER TOWNSHIP, N.J. — Jets player Rashard Robinson has been accused of possessing marijuana-laced candy. Authorities say the 22-year-old NFL cornerback was pulled over in Morris County, N.J., in December...
Seahawks rookie blasts 'n---a,' 'b---h' cops in post-club arrest video The Seahawks' 2017 second-round pick has gotten his name in the police blotter before the stat sheet. Malik McDowell, a defensive end drafted 35th overall out of Michigan State who...
Ex-pro football player accused in wife's death faces judge PARK CITY, Utah — A former professional football player charged with killing his wife by cutting her throat this month at a Utah ski town resort made his first court...
Ex-football player charged with murder in wife's grisly death SALT LAKE CITY — A former professional football player sliced his wife's neck and then crawled on the ground outside their rented Utah condominium before flagging down a police officer,...
Pair of college football players arrested on rape charges VERMILLION, S.D. — Two University of South Dakota football players were arrested Monday on charges of second degree rape after an alleged assault earlier this month at an off-campus residence,...
Ex-NBA player indicted on weapons charges Ex-NBA player Sebastian Telfair has been indicted on various weapons possession charges. The 32-year-old was picked up earlier this summer after cops found loaded guns, a bulletproof vest, a semi-automatic...
The special counsel overseeing the investigation into Russia's role in the 2016 election is interviewing senior intelligence officials as part of a widening probe that now includes an examination of whether President Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice, officials said.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Sharon Greenop's injuries may not have been accidental, a murder trial has heard
A woman allegedly killed by her sister and daughter may have lain dead for weeks, a murder trial has heard.
A pathologist also revealed Sharon Greenop had 19 rib fractures which may not have been accidental.
But, due to the "decomposition" of the body, it was not possible to give a certain cause of death.
Sharon's sister Lynnette Greenop, 40, and daughter Shayla Greenop, 20, are accused of murdering the 46-year-old at their home in Troon, South Ayrshire.
It is claimed she was assaulted on various occasions between 8 September and 10 November 2016.
Glasgow University pathologist Dr Gemma Kemp told how she carried out a post-mortem examination on Sharon Greenop's remains after she was found dead at her home on 10 November 2016.
Blunt force trauma
Ms Kemp recalled there being "areas of mummification" on the body.
Prosecutor Ashley Edwards QC asked the pathologist: "Did you find a number of rib fractures - 19 in total?" Ms Kemp replied: "Yes."
She believed the fractures - which had a "range of ages" - were caused by "blunt force trauma... an impact of some kind."
Ms Kemp added: "I think with the distribution and the different ages that these were caused by inflicted trauma... not accidental, a deliberate act."
Asked if this had been an assault, she replied: "Yes."
The jury at the High Court in Glasgow was told Sharon Greenop also had fractures in her neck.
Ms Kemp said there was no natural disease that would "account for death".
But the condition of Sharon Greenop's body when she was discovered meant no "definitive" cause could be made.
The murder charge alleges Sharon Greenop was repeatedly struck with an "object or objects" and had her neck compressed.
Writing on doors
It is said injuries were also inflicted "by means unknown" and that there was a failure to obtain medical help.
The court later heard of writing found on doors at the Greenop house.
One stated: "Death is a permanent solution to a temporary problem".
Another was: "Funny when you are dead, people start listening".
The jury was told of a third read: "If you don't live for something, you will die for nothing".
The two accused, who both live in Ayr, deny all charges.
The trial, before Lady Carmichael, continues.
The former Chanel president's daughter Jill Kargman posted pics of him getting inked in a dad-ish sweater vest.
Doug Ford told a group of nearly 2,000 supporters that he plans to "take back this province" at his first major event since he was made leader of the Progressive Conservative party earlier this month.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic crowd at a rally in Toronto, Ford says he believes he can build a majority government because Ontario voters are united in their dislike of Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne's Liberals.
He says the current provincial government is "terrified" of a united Progressive Conservative party.
His speech focused largely on the province's finances, which Ford says have been mismanaged by Wynne's government.
He told supporters he wants to bring back jobs in the manufacturing sector, and repeated previous claims that his government will make Ontario more business-friendly.
Before his speech, Ford was joined onstage by Christine Elliott, Caroline Mulroney and Tanya Granic Allen, the three candidates he beat in the leadership race
With files from the Canadian Press
The Lehigh Valley Zoo's North American river otters went head-to-head in Otter Bowl 2018 on Saturday.
Naya, a female, and Luani, a male, were presented with a choice of two papier-mache footballs stuffed with sardines. One football was emblazoned with the Philadelphia Eagles logo, while the other bore the symbol of the Eagles' opponent in Sunday's Super Bowl LII, the New England Patriots.
The river otters came out of the gate anxious to find the smelly fish. Camouflaging snacks for the otters is a regular activity for the zoo's lead keeper, Liz Bernardo, and keeper/videographer Chris Sauder with help from keeper Jordan Thomas.
Known as an "enrichment," the activity simulates the otters' finding their own food in the wild, said Melissa Borland, president of the zoo in North Whitehall Township.
Super Bowl Sunday snow in the Lehigh Valley? What to expect
Born and raised in Philadelphia, Borland wore a Super Bowl Eagles cap and made no attempt to hide her allegiance.
"If either of our otters pick the Patriots, we'll still love them very much because they're our otters," she said. "But the other thing is, don't forget the Eagles won all the way through to the Super Bowl as underdogs."
After only a few moments of searching, Naya struck first, going for the Patriots football. But, Luani was close on her tail, so to speak, attacking the Eagles ball.
Borland called it a split decision.
(SEE PHOTOS FROM OTTER BOWL)
Then, the Eagles' underdog spirit shined through, as Naya abandoned the remains of the Patriots ball in favor of sharing in the spoils of the Philadelphia fish.
"Since they're both now fighting over the Eagles, it means that it's going to go into overtime and the Eagles are going to win," Borland said to a cheer from the crowd of about 35 on hand.
The zoo's otters have been picking a Super Bowl winner for seven years and came into Saturday with a 4-2 record for being right. They were wrong last year, going with the Atlanta Falcons over New England.
The otters aren't the only animal prognosticators weighing in on the outcome of Sunday's game. Fiona, the Cincinnati Zoo's celebrity hippopotamus, also picked the Eagles this week.
The zoo posted a video Thursday showing the 1-year-old hippo nosing around a cardboard box painted with a Patriots logo. She then made a late-game adjustment and started chomping on a pile of lettuce perched on top of a green box with the Eagles logo.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @KurtBresswein. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Noah Gotbaum, a failed politician and stepson of former Public Advocate Betsy Gotbaum, trashed an Upper West Side townhouse he was renting with his fiancée, leaving the $23,000-a-month pad looking...
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Dayton Police say a suspect stole beer from a delivery truck Tuesday.
A man made a beer delivery at the Roost Modern Italian Bar and Grill around 1:30 p.m.
Police say the while the delivery man was inside the restaurant, the suspect stole four cases of beer from the truck.
Police say after the suspect loaded up the beer on the dolly, he fled the scene and met another person.
According to the police report, the restaurant surveillance video was able to catch the image of the first suspect by the delivery truck, moving away from the camera to steal the beer and then running away with the dolly full of beer.
SAN FRANCISCO — At least two people are dead after a shooting at a UPS facility in San Francisco on Wednesday morning, San Francisco Deputy Police Chief Mikail Ali said.
The gunman shot himself, and his condition is unknown, Ali said. Investigators are trying to determine if there are any other casualties.
People in the area are advised to shelter in place until instructed otherwise. Law enforcement is concentrated around the UPS San Francisco Customer Center, a couple of blocks east of Franklin Square.
A woman named Michelle, who did not want to provide her last name, was walking to work across the street from a UPS facility when she saw several UPS employees running down the street. They told her to run because there had been a shooting, she told CNN, explaining she ran about a block with the workers.
“I was confused. They crossed the street and when they got to me, they said, ‘Run, there is a shooter,' so I started to run with them,” she said. “Several of them said it was a driver they worked with who had a gun and opened fired. I feel terrible for the people hurt and for the UPS team that was there but survived.”
Antonio Salic told CNN he was working in a house across from the UPS building when he heard shots fired.
“I was working and suddenly I heard shots and I peeked out the window,” he said. “I saw people getting out (of the building), and they were wounded. A lot of people were running.”
The construction worker said he also saw people on the roof with their hands up, letting police know they were unarmed.
“Police approached and they were taken to a safe place,” he said.
UPS spokesman Kyle Peterson released a statement saying there had been an incident inside the company's San Francisco facility.
“Local law enforcement have control of the facility and are conducting an investigation. The company is cooperating with law enforcement. We cannot provide information as to the identity of persons involved at this time, pending the police investigation,” the statement said.
Aerial footage showed police leading dozens of people, many in matching brown work uniforms, out of a building. A tactical vehicle arrived shortly thereafter.
The site of the shooting is the Potrero Hill area, a largely residential neighborhood. The shooting was also not far from a Whole Foods market and the brewery that makes Anchor Steam beer.
Residents have been warned to avoid the area because of heavy law enforcement activity. Authorities say they will hold a briefing soon.
The shooting comes on the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this June 23, 2016 file photo, Paul Rudd attends a special screening of "The Fundamentals of Caring" held at Arclight Cinemas Hollywood in Los Angeles. Actor and screenwriter Rudd will be subject...
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) - Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd picked up his 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University on Friday night.
Rudd received the Hasty Pudding honor during a black-tie event. The Boston Globe reported the actor was celebrated in a roast that targeted his "dad face" and his past as a bar mitzvah DJ.
Hasty Pudding said it chose the "Ant-Man" star because his career has spanned many genres, from indies to mainstream films, from heartfelt comedies to superheroes.
He plays the lead in the upcoming "The Catcher Was a Spy," the real-life story of Ivy Leaguer and major league ballplayer Moe Berg, a spy with the forerunner of the CIA during World War II.
"Filming in Fenway was one of the greatest days I've ever had in my life, let alone my acting life," Rudd said Friday. "I'm a baseball fan and was on hallowed ground. To be on the field, wearing the uniform, and playing somebody who is real, which is a new experience for me, was surreal."
Actress Mila Kunis was celebrated as Woman of the Year on Jan. 25, the same day the 223-year-old group, known for comedic revues that feature men in drag playing female characters, said it would allow women to join its cast, starting next year.
Kunis, who has spoken out against sexism in the entertainment industry before, said she was "honored" to have been part of the program during its "year of change."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Karli Ritter is back from Iceland and shared some of her travel tips with the FOX4 morning crew. They had a little fun with a quick game of "Take It or Leave It." Below you'll find Karli's suggestions. Watch the video above for her reasons.
Umbrella-- Leave it
Swimsuit-- Take it
Sunscreen-- Take it
Cash-- Leave it, everywhere takes credit
FOCUS ON FIXED INCOME: Damian Sassower, fixed income strategist for Bloomberg Intelligence, on emerging market debt and what higher US yields mean for EM. Jason Trennert, Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of Strategas Research Partners, on why the real economy will outperform the market in 2018. Alex Webb, Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering technology, on Google's spending surge and Apple manufacturers signaling slowdown in iPhone demand. Max Nisen, Bloomberg Gadfly health care columnist, on Takeda close to buying Shire, and today's big health care earnings.
Radio +1-212-617-5560
Running time 26:18
Legendary Scottish actor David Hayman brings The Cause of Thunder to Motherwell Theatre on Tuesday, February 21.
A follow-up to The Pitiless Storm it is now two years since the Scottish independence referendum, and Bob Cunningham (Hayman) has things on his mind.
Should he take early retirement; politics, of course, and what to do about the No vote, Brexit, Corbyn, the refugee crisis; plus there is a letter from Ethel, his ex.
It puts Bob in a storytelling mood as he tries to come to terms with not only where his own life stands, with the creeping onset of old age, but also his country's, past, and future.
Hayman can currently be seen alongside Tom Hardy in the hit BBC drama Taboo, and has just returned from its premiere in Los Angeles, which he described as ‘a bun fight', but is always most at home on the stage.
He said: “It is really exciting that Taboo has been a big success, but I always try to get back on stage every two years so I'm delighted Chris Dolan has written a follow-up to The Pitiless Storm.
“The independence referendum may have passed, but there is still so much for Bob to get passionate about like Brexit, the 56 SNP MPs and the rise of the right.
“At the same time he is also looking at his own life, what he's done and accepting he is getting older so it has been a great opportunity to go back and reshape him and if the standing ovation I got in Skye is anything to go by it seems to be going down well with audiences.”
The show is directed by his son, David Jr, and Hayman hinted they could be reunited on Scotland's biggest soap one day.
He said: “David is a brilliant director with a really good idea of how to shape a performance.
“He's back doing River City, there has been talk of me coming in only for the schedule not to work out, maybe one day though.”
The show starts at 7.30pm and tickets costing £14 (£13 concessions) are available by calling 01698 403120 or visiting Culture NL
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
by In the news
Jayne Carroll, Host
Jayne Carroll Show, KUIK AM 1360,
M-F 3:00 – 6:00 p.m.
Portland, Oregon Metropolitan area
Is “transparency” just the latest evasive “shell game” being played by Oregon Governor Kate Brown to mask her slight of hand and persistent delays in adhering to a potentially embarrassing public information request from Oregon Capital Watch, a government spending watchdog group?
Brown, who became Oregon's governor in 2015 when her fellow Democrat John Kitzhaber was forced to resign due to allegations of influence peddling, openly blasted Kitzhaber in the Oregonian for being slow to respond to open record laws.
“It was clear transparency was not a priority in the prior administration,” she told lawmakers. “I changed that my first day on the job and every day since.”
“Everyday since” may have not been exactly accurate or even truthful on Brown's part. Note: If all of this “moving of the tiny pea underneath a fast moving shell” seems intentionally nontransparent it should be noted that full disclosure of what occurred came too late to possibly impact the gubernatorial election and involved apparent changing of the rules after the fact to make Brown's actions comply with her own now revised policies.
Here is the convoluted story of Brown improperly using government credit cards for personal expenses, ( hidden until revealed by the Capitol Watch's public information request), eventually reimbursing the money to the state and revising internal rules to make this arrangement retroactively legitimate, and only then fully disclosing the wrongful ( at the time) using of state credit cards for personal items four months after the original public information request and just days prior to the election:
1. July 15, 2016, Oregon Capital Watch made a request to review among other things Governor Brown's state credit card statements. Brown's office released only the timesheets portion of the public records request on August 9, 2016.
2. On November 4, 2016, four days prior to the gubernatorial election and four long months after the initial request, Brown provided her credit card expenditures revealing her credit card mis-use. After reviewing questionable expenses Capitol Watch submitted an additional request for any expenses the Governor reimbursed the state for unauthorized personal charges made on her government card, which they received in late January 2017. It's important to note that the Governor's mistakes would have remained hidden if the public records request had not been made. So much for ‘transparency'.
3. Coincidentally, Brown's office amended her own credit card use policies on August 8, 2016 (the day prior to sending the initial incomplete public record response to Capital Watch) to allow for personal expenditures on government credit cards to be made if reimbursed.
An oversight on Brown's part, a legitimate mistake, a tiny slight of the hand or an increasing and disturbing pattern of hiding information from the public while boasting of yet to be realized transparency and openness from the Brown administration? Maybe the answer is under Shell #3, but between Kate Brown and Oregon Attorney General Ellen Rosenbaum's often delayed and incomplete compliance with Oregon Public Record laws, John Kitzhaber seems to have to set the standard for both of these statewide elected Democrat
About 32 truckloads of fill material delivered for levee repair at Lake...
Repairs are underway at the St. Johns River Water Management District's Lake Apopka North Shore, which experienced damage due to Hurricane Irma.
As water levels subside and assessments are completed, the district will provide a weekly update on the status of repairs and recreation at the Lake Apopka North Shore.
As of Friday, October 6, such progress includes about 640 tons – 32 truckloads of fill material being delivered to repair a 357-foot breach in a lakeside levee. This temporary repair, which is about 50 percent complete, allows the district to manage water levels on the rest of the property.
Other updates on the Lake Apopka North Shore repair are:
*Due to current rainfall and expected future rainfall related to Tropical Storm Nate, additional repairs may be required to help stabilize the roads/levees so that they can support heavy equipment.
*The installation of a floating barrier to minimize additional damage from wave action was completed. This will remain in place until the slopes can be reinforced with rip-rap or concrete rubble.
*The district continues to monitor water levels on the Ocklawaha Chain of Lakes. Once lakes Apopka, Dora and Beauclair all return to normal levels, the district will begin slowly pumping water from the Lake Apopka North Shore. Depending on lake levels and rainfall due to Tropical Storm Nate, this could begin as early as next week. Any pumping will occur slowly to avoid additional damage to already saturated roads and levees.
*In some parts of the Lake Apopka North Shore, where gauges could be accessed, water levels dropped by about three inches over two weeks. Many areas remain underwater.
*District staff have confirmed that all observation towers remain standing and are in good condition.
*Understanding that the area is a popular outdoor recreation destination, the Red Trail, off County Road 448A, and the McDonald Canal Boat Ramp, are open.
*To ensure public safety, and minimize potential damage to saturated roads, no other openings are planned at this point due to flooding and the continued presence of heavy equipment. The Lake Apopka Wildlife Drive and nonmotorized Lake Apopka Loop Trail remain closed. As soon as the district determines that the public can safely access an area, it will open.
For continuing updates on district operations and recreational announcements, visit the district's website, www.sjrwmd.com. More information about lake levels is available at www.sjrwmd.com/data/hydrologic/#controlled.
WPVI-TV(PHILADELPHIA) — Authorities have discovered the source of the mysterious booms heard rocking a Pennsylvania neighborhood last week, ABC Philadelphia station WPVI-TV reported.
The loud sounds — which have been heard in Bucks and Lehigh counties — resulted from someone setting off explosives in the middle of the night, according to WPVI-TV. Police have not rounded up any suspects and are asking for the public's help in identifying the person or persons responsible, WPVI-TV reported.
Residents in those counties, some whom live miles apart, have been reporting explosion-like sounds that apparently rattled their homes and shifted the ground beneath them since April, according to WPVI-TV. There have now been more than 20 explosions.
Upper Black Eddy resident Nick Zangli told WPVI-TV that locals shoot guns and set of fireworks in the area “for fun,” but described the noises he heard as “above and beyond.”
The first time Zangli heard the noises was May 12 at 3:35 a.m. — the Saturday before Mother's Day, he said.
“I happened to be awake and it scared the heck out of me,” Zangli said, adding that it caused him to jump out of bed. “It was definitely a very large explosion.”
Richland Township Police Chief Richard Ficco told WPVI-TV last week that the reports typically come in overnight before dawn. Most of them detailed “the ground shifting, almost shaking” as well as moving ceiling tiles and rattling windows, Ficco said.
Zangli said another resident reported a large hole nearby along the side of Lonely Cottage Road the day after he heard the explosion for the first time.
“I stopped and looked at it,” he said. “It was obviously an explosion. It had blown debris across the road and stuff.”
Haycock Township resident Sue Crompton told WPVI-TV that she heard a loud boom near her trailer along Old Bethlehem Road that “actually rumbled the whole room.”
Two Richland Township Police officers have also heard the noise, and one of them even saw a flash of light, the police chief said.
The Pennsylvania State Police, who are leading the investigation into the reports, did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment Wednesday.
The FBI and ATF are assisting state police in the investigation.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
A two-minute video released by Israeli human rights organization B'Tselem on Tuesday contains footage of three IDF soldiers cheering after one of them shoots a rubber bullet at a Palestinian protester, who is not shown in the clip.
The accompanying B'Tselem report states that at approximately 2:00 in the afternoon on Friday, April 13, clashes erupted outside the Palestinian village of Madama, near Nablus, after residents tried to remove a roadblock placed by the IDF at the eastern entrance to the village.
About a dozen soldiers then arrived on the scene and responded by shooting stun grenades and rubber-coated metal bullets at the residents, who threw stones at them. According to the report, the stone-throwers were some 50-80 meters away from the soldiers.In the video, one of the soldiers is shown taking aim at a Palestinian, shooting, and then gleefully exclaiming "I hit him! The son of a bitch."One of his comrades then quiets him down, saying, "Stay professional."The video cuts to a shot of the soldiers discussing their ammunition: "One live bullet and this would all be over," one man mutters."We don't fire live ammunition. We don't need it," the same one who maintained the need to stay professional replies.The shooter then complains, "You can't hit with a rubber bullet, you just can't."The clip ends with a brief shot of the protesters, live fire, and an ambulance driving away.As a result of the clashes, seven Palestinians sustained injuries from the rubber-coated bullets, two of whom were taken to a hospital in Nablus for treatment and five of whom were treated on the spot.Also on April 13, hundreds of Palestinians were wounded and one was killed in clashes with IDF soldiers on the Gaza border, as weekly Friday protests intensify in the time period surrounding Land Day, Israel's Independence Day and the upcoming Palestinian Nakba day.
By Robyn Collins
To celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Levi's trucker jacket, the brand asked pop superstar Justin Timberlake to help give the staple a redesign. He shared a couple of photos of the new piece via Instagram.
Related: Justin Timberlake Models 1950s Swimsuit in ‘Wonder Wheel' Trailer
Timberlake posted, “For the 50th bday of the trucker jacket, @Levis asked me to redesign one. I did and ever since, it's been my favorite drinking buddy. 🍻👌🏻 #Denim #Flannel #LiveInLevis.”
The jacket features a Hank Williams patch that says, “Why don't you mind your own business.”
Timberlake has some experience as a clothing designer, having launched the William Rast brand with Trace Ayala in 2005.
Check out the Timberlake-redesigned Levis trucker jacket below:
IBM has unveiled IBM Machine Learning, a new cognitive platform that brings the power of machine learning to z System mainframes and eventually IBM POWER System.
IBM is making machine learning technology available in the place where much of the world's enterprise data resides: the z System mainframe.
Today Big Blue announced IBM Machine Learning, a cognitive platform for creating, training and deploying a high volume of analytic models in the private cloud. The platform draws on the core machine learning technology from its Watson Machine Learning service on its Bluemix public cloud offering.
"Our mission is making data simple and accessible to clients," says Rob Thomas, general manager, IBM Analytics. "If you look at the data landscape today, over 90 percent of the data in the world today cannot be Googled. It's neither simple, nor accessible. Most of that data resides behind corporate firewalls in private clouds."
Watson meets mainframe
The z System mainframe, Thomas says, is the operational core of global organizations processing billions of daily transactions — banks, retailers, insurers, transportation firms and governments.
"We've extracted the core machine learning capability from Watson, available on the public cloud," he says. "We're making it available for any private cloud data. No matter where it is, we're going to make machine learning available. We're starting with the world's most valuable data, which is the data on mainframes."
While IBM Machine Learning will start by making the capability available on mainframes, Thomas notes IBM will be making releases available throughout the year for other platforms, including IBM POWER Systems.
IBM Machine Learning allows data scientists to automate the creation, training and deployment of operational analytic models that will support the following:
Any language (e.g., Scala, Java, Python)
Any popular machine learning framework (including Apache SparkML, TensorFlow and H2O — though the release will only initially support SparkML)
Any transactional data type
Thomas adds that it will offer these capabilities without incurring the cost, latency or risk of moving data off-premise. He notes that it will be the first platform to deploy Cognitive Automation for Data Scientists from IBM Research to help data scientists choose the right algorithm for their data by scoring their data against the available algorithms and providing the best match for their needs.
IBM customer Argus Health has been evaluating how it can use the technology to help payers and providers better manage complexity and optimize outcomes. It has been exploring the creation, training and deployment of applications that can help them better manage pharmacy costs.
The new frontier of analytics
"We are excited about the possibilities and the potential we have seen from IBM Machine Learning in working in concert with our RxNova claims processing platform, clinical solutions and applied analytics in creating models that are constantly improving by using new data and enabling real-time results to the benefit of members, their caregivers and physicians," Marc Palmer, president of Argus Health, said in a statement today.
"Machine Learning and deep learning represent new frontiers in analytics," Thomas says. "These technologies will be foundational to automating insight at the scale of the world's critical systems and cloud services. IBM Machine Learning was designed leveraging our core Watson technologies to accelerate the adoption of machine learning where the majority of corporate data resides. As clients see business returns on private cloud, they will expand for hybrid and public cloud implementations."
Thomas notes that IBM Machine Learning's genesis in the Watson service ensures that it is designed around collaboration and portability in a hybrid environment. Machine learning algorithms can be composed and trained in a private cloud and seamlessly moved to the public cloud and vice versa, all with common management.
"I do think what you'll see is that hybrid will become a dominant use case here," he says.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Meg Rauh says the four horses on her ranch meant a lot to her friend Theresa King.
“This is Roper, that is Coke and Coke just turned 21. This is Flash and this is Piper. Piper is the youngest,” Rauh said.
The four horses are the reason Rauh and King met in the first place.
“She had posted on Facebook that she needed a place closer to home for her horses because she was not able to see them. And I happened to respond and right away we hit it off,” Rauh said.
She began caring for the horses in April and says, what started as just answering a call for help resulted in an unexpected and genuine friendship between her and King.
“She was so happy and all she talked about was her kids. And when she wasn't talking about her kids she was talking about these kids,” Rauh said.
Rauh describes King as someone who was kind, genuine humble, gracious and positive who had big plans for the future.
“She was going to be gone for a week for a training because she had got a new position that she felt was a promotion as a School Resource officer and she was going to get to be in Lexi's School,” Rauh said.
But on Friday a normal day on the job turned deadly for King, and those plans were cut short. Rauh says she was in disbelief after learning her friend had been shot while on duty.
“I froze, because she's a mom, she's a friend to a lot of people. She was always kind, she worked tons and tons of hours and she never appeared overwhelmed or anything, she was just happy,” Rauh said.
She says King began the Facebook group Lancaster-Melton peacekeepers about a year ago to honor others in the field who have died while serving.
“It's ironic that she was super close with the KCK police officers that passed away a few years ago, and had started a group for families of victims never thinking obviously that she would be one,” Rauh said.
Now as many mourn the deaths of deputy King and deputy Rohrer friends say her memory will live on through her children, friends and the animals that she loved so dearly.
“Before they were TK's horses and they lived here and now they are TK,” Rauh said.
Members of the Lancaster Melton peacekeepers group will hand out 1,000 Rohrer/King remembrance ribbons in honor of TK and Patrick at memorial and funeral services later this week.
× Dad who lunged at Larry Nassar to donate more than $30,000 to 4 groups that help sexual assault survivors
CHARLOTTE, Mich. — A Michigan man who tried to attack disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a courtroom is sending thousands of dollars donated to him to charities that help survivors of sexual assault.
Randall Margraves' three daughters were among Nassar's sexual abuse victims. The Bath Township, Michigan, man tried to attack Nassar during a Feb. 2 hearing, but he was hauled out of court by sheriff's deputies.
Margraves later apologized, saying he'd lost control.
After that incident, people began donating to an unauthorized GoFundMe fundraiser for Margraves.
His attorney, Mick Grewal, tells the Lansing State Journal that nearly $30,000 donated to Margraves will be transferred to four organizations that help survivors of sexual assault.
More than 250 girls and women say Nassar sexually assaulted them under the guise of treating their athletic injuries.
Previous coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BYNG, Okla. -- Alana Crain said she never saw it coming.
"My mom said it was going to be in a couple days -- not in a couple hours!"
Thirteen-year-old Alana had been separated from her older sister, U.S. Army Spc. Cheyenne Roache, for nearly a year during a tour of duty in Kuwait.
So when Roache unexpectedly appeared Monday at Byng Junior High School, the whole room was brought to tears.
Spc. Cheyenne Roache hugs her little sister at Byng Junior High School during their surprise reunion on Monday. (KTEN)
Roache said she had been counting the minutes to this emotional reunion.
"The closer it got to leaving, it was just, 'Come on! Come on! Hurry up!" she said.
Roache and her boyfriend, Spc. Harley Browning, were deployed to Kuwait as part of Operation Spartan Shield, supporting U.S. military regional partners.
"I mean, from Day One I have been so proud of her," said Roache's mom, Laura Crain. "She left and... I mean it, just part of me left with her."
Proud mom Laura Crain, left, with Spc. Cheyenne Roache. (KTEN)
But according to Alana, the classroom reunion was worth the wait.
"They called my name up... and then she walked around the corner and I was like, 'Oh my gosh!"
Now Alana has something she wants to say for others who have loved ones overseas: "It's okay, they'll be back soon," she advised. "Just don't sweat it, they'll be back soon."
Roache and Browning have both been in the Army for three years, but the Kuwait tour of duty was their first deployment overseas.
Big sister Spc. Cheyenne Roache embraces Alana Crain in a surprise reunion at Byng Junior High School. (KTEN)
Evans Reveals He Killed One Person In Sokoto, Cries Like A Child Because He Is being Kept In Cell With Poor Criminals After Making Billions
Suspected kidnap kingpin Chukwudemeje George Onwuamadike alias Evans is not finding it funny in police custody. He is weeping that he is being held among “common poor criminals”, The Nation learnt yesterday.
The kingpin, who was arrested on Saturday at his 3, Fred Shoboyede Street, Magodo, Lagos home, is being kept in a maximum security cell.
It was gathered that Evans broke down yesterday, lamenting the state of the police cell.
A source said he lamented that after making billions, owning gold, diamond and living like a king, he finally ended up in a cell with poor suspects.
It was gathered that he told his interrogators he has two other detention camps in Lagos.
He was also said to have confessed that he started off as an armed robber in Sokoto State.
The source said: “He has been weeping uncontrollably because he is in a cell with common poor criminals despite all the wealth and mansions he owned.
“He has started talking. He has given us locations of other detention camps he had in Lagos. Aside Igando, he had two others and detectives would visit the place. He also said that his very first robbery was in Sokoto State and that they killed the victim.
“He is still being interrogated and more details would come out after the camps have been visited.”
Meanwhile, The Nation learnt yesterday that Evans has been excommunicated from Nnewi for over five years because of the terror he unleashed on wealthy indigenes of the town.
It was also learnt that his second in command, Felix Chinemerem, a native of Amanagu in Abia State, was also declared wanted in 2014, after his criminal activities led to the killing of many innocent people.
It was learnt that Chinemerem took part in the kidnap of a prominent Nigerian, which prompted policemen to storm the community and allegedly shot randomly, killing villagers.
After the incident, the villagers were said to have moved to kill him but he fled and had not been seen since then.
The post Evans Reveals He Killed One Person In Sokoto, Cries Like A Child Because He Is being Kept In Cell With Poor Criminals After Making Billions appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Via | HipHopDX
DETROIT, MI – As the Stans and fans alike patiently wait for Eminem to explode with the release of his ninth studio album, Revival, the Shady Records store is officially open for business — and business will be good (when) the merchandise sells out.
Those individuals looking to show unflinching support to Marshall Mathers' latest LP can immediately turn their monetary support towards the Limited Edition Autographed Collectors Bundle + Digital Album package for Revival. Besides the digital download or physical copy (which will be made available come December 15), the bundle also includes a Limited Edition Autographed “Walk On Water” Steel Print (with the song's lyrics etched from a copy of Eminem's own handwritten scribble-scrabble), a Limited Edition Black Dog Tag and an autographed Certificate of Authenticity on the back of the frame.
READ MORE
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Phoenix U13s win Memorial Day Bash
The Phoenix 13U of the Lebanon Youth Baseball League won the major division in the Game 7 Memorial Day Bash at Barfield Park in Murfreesboro. The Phoenix went 3-0 on championship Sunday with shutouts in the final two games after edging the MJ Mojo 6-5. They shut out Game Time 11-0 and, in the final, Caliber Baseball 2-0. On the bottom row are (from left) Bryce Fuller, Brody Hall, Jay Dillard, Jackson Lea, Braden Metzgar and Isaiah Douglas. On the back row are coach Josh Powell, Nathan Martinez, Easton Forsythe, Ben Estes, Jackson Bone, Ian Walsh, Connor Gannon, Austin Weatherford and Brody Hays.
Protesters descended on Trump Tower Monday ahead of the president's arrival there for a planned two-night stay, amid heightened tensions following weekend violence in Virginia — and Donald Trump's response to it.
“
Nobody has the illusion that after four years there won't be any problems left and that everything will be solved. This is impossible, these are problems that have been piling up for 20 to 25 years. The capital has been disfigured in every way possible, and the result is pretty obvious. However, if we don't take specific steps today, trust me, progress of this city will be impossible.
”
Months later, on Dec. 31, I reflect back on the year, kicking myself. I always wish I had accomplished more.
I never manage to solidify my resolutions, and sometimes I forget to make them at all. It's amazing how quickly a year can slip away from us if we're not intentional about our actions.
The problem with resolutions
When it comes to resolutions, many of us have one of three problems.
Our resolutions are:
Unrealistic (Hitting the gym for 365 days straight doesn't take illness, holidays or rest days into account.) Ambiguous ("Losing weight" or "saving money" isn't clearly defined.) Unfocused (Even the goal to "save $500 this year" is useless without a specific plan of action.)
This year, take a new approach: monthly resolutions.
Here are five steps to ensure each month is as inspiring as the last (and each month offers a new, clean slate to start again).
Step 1: Write down all aspirations
Grab a piece of paper and start writing. What didn't you accomplish in 2016 that you wanted to? What have you always wanted to learn or do? Where have you wanted to go? Who did you want to see?
Step 2: Cross half of them out
We are all dreamers and that's okay ... but there's a point when we have to admit to ourselves that not all of our dreams can be accomplished at once.
By cutting your list in half, you'll have a fighting chance at fulfilling a few dreams rather than attempting — and perhaps failing — at many.
Step 3: Clarify how you will complete them
Once you've narrowed down your list, spend some time figuring out how you're going to complete each resolution.
Here's the part where the new month-to-month approach comes into play. If you have one overall goal to save money throughout the year, set monthly goals to achieve that.
In January, your resolution could be not eaten out and instead put that money into savings.
In February, you could spend the month donating plasma or doing side jobs for extra cash on the side.
In March, set your budgets and challenge yourself to a cash-only method of payment to limit excessive spending.
If you have multiple resolutions you want to complete, use the 12 months to your advantage, accomplishing a new aspiration each month.
If you want to lose three pounds, challenge yourself to 31 days of fitness in January.
Use February to finally learn how to snowboard by scheduling lessons throughout the month. In March, take the time to meal plan to save time and money on busy nights.
Step 4: Print a calendar and add resolutions
Once you've determined your monthly resolutions, get two blank calendars: one to write down resolutions for each individual month (planned in advance) and another for daily tracking — to record the money you've saved, appointments you've made or simply to check off each day's accomplishments (like working out).
Step 5: Hang calendar where visible
Now all you have to do is hang your resolution calendar somewhere where you can see it every day. (I suggest on the fridge, the inside of your bathroom cabinet or inside your front door.)
The new year is the best time to set goals for all the bucketlist dreams we've always wanted to accomplish.
We have to admit that sometimes it takes a little extra push — and a detailed plan — to get us motivated.
But once we are off the ground and running, we are unstoppable. And that's exactly the kind of year I hope you have.
Manning-Santee falls to Sumter
The Manning-Santee American Legion baseball team fell 9-4 on Tuesday to th Sumter legion team. Although Manning-Santee got off to a great start with an early 2-0 lead by the top of th second inning, Sumter rallied back to score four in the bottom of the third to take a 4-2 lead and never gave that lead up.
× KCK man charged with Platte County murder
KANSAS CITY, Kan. — A second man from Kansas City, Kan., has been charged with the Nov. 1st murder of Francisco Vargas III in Platte County.
Kevin Joseph Hardin, 30, is charged with second-degree murder and armed criminal action. He is being held on $500,000 bond. Police believe Hardin and a previously-charged man named Zakary F. Mergy, 27, killed Vargas at Vargas' house on Twin Springs Road.
According to court documents, on Nov. 1, a family member of Vargas found him lying face down on the floor of his residence in a large pool of blood. Platte County Sheriff's Department deputies later determined Vargas had been shot several times.
A neighbor reported seeing a gray vehicle at Vargas' residence on the day he was shot. Investigators later determined that a 2008 gray Dodge Charger reportedly seen at the house was registered to a relative of Mergy.
Cell phone records and historical cell tower site records reportedly show Hardin's and Mergy's cell phones were in the immediate proximity of the Vargas' residence at the time of the murder.
Court documents indicate Mergy was interviewed on multiple occasions regarding Vargas' death. Mergy allegedly admitted he knew Vargas was killed with a Springfield .40 caliber XDM handgun. Mergy allegedly told investigators that he was given the gun by Hardin following the murder and that he wrapped the gun in several plastic bags before burying it in his mother's back yard.
Investigators recovered a Springfield .40 caliber XDM handgun from Mergy's mother's back yard. Court documents indicate that the Kansas City Regional Crime Lab determined the cartridge cases and bullets recovered at the crime scene were from that gun. DNA test results on the gun, trigger and magazine showed Mergy as the major contributor.
During the execution of a search warrant at Mergy's residence, investigators found a jar that a witness said he had seen at Vargas' residence two days before Vargas' murder.
Mergy was arrested in Kansas City, Kan., and is being held on a $500,000 cash bond. He is charged with second degree murder and armed criminal action. If convicted, he faces up to life in prison.
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease? Pause
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
Image caption The proposed Manx living wage would be 16 pence more than in the UK
The introduction of a Manx living wage will be considered in Parliament later this month, the government said.
Following a Tynwald motion in January, a Manx living wage has been calculated at an hourly rate of £8.61 - £1.11 more than the island's current minimum wage.
The government used the United Kingdom's standard methodology whilst taking into account higher expenditure on the island such as transport costs.
The living wage is a voluntary rate of pay that companies can choose to adopt.
The minimum wage is legally enforceable, on the other hand.
Policy and Reform Minister Chris Thomas said that while the government was committed to promoting a caring and inclusive society, the proposal to establish a living wage would need careful consideration.
A government spokesman said further work will be carried out, including consideration by representatives from the business community, the voluntary sector and the trade unions.
The living wage in the UK is £8.45.
The visiting Lady Saints led 30-12 at halftime before the Tigerettes took the third quareter 13-6.
Alie Tunks fired in 14 points for Watertown while Gala Holbrooks scored six, Abby Parkerson five and Angie Rodriguez two.
Electronic Tele Communications, Inc. (ETC)(Pink Sheets ETCIA) today reports second quarter results for 2017. Sales for the quarter were $141,813 compared to $190,733 for the second quarter of 2016. The net earnings for the quarter were $2,386 or $0.00 per Class A common share, compared to a net loss of $8,211 or $0.00 per Class A common share for the second quarter of 2016.
Sales for the first six months of 2017 were $327,013, compared to $519,986 for the first six months of 2016. The net earnings for the first six months of 2017 were $23,629 or $0.01 per Class A common share, compared to $84,638 or $0.03 per Class A common share for the first six months of 2016.
ETC President Elizabeth Danner commented on the results saying, "Second quarter 2017 saw our sales lag slightly behind projections. Even so, we were still able to break even for the quarter and remain slightly profitable for the year."
Electronic Tele-Communications supplies voice announcers and Voice Application Platforms to domestic and foreign telephone utilities under the Audichron® and Digicept® brand names. ETC also supports a network of Time Weather and Temperature systems installed throughout the United States. ETC's equipment provides a wide range of audio information and call handling systems via telephone networks, computer networks, and the Internet.
From time to time, information provided by ETC, statements made by its employees, and information included in its press releases and other public statements which are not historical facts are forward-looking in nature and relate to trends and events that may affect our future financial position and operating results. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to: business conditions in the telecommunications industry, the Company's ability to achieve adequate sales levels or sufficient cash flow or cash reserves to support operations, technology changes, backlog, status of the economy, government regulations, sources of supply, expense structure, product mix, major customers, competition, litigation, and other risk factors. Investors are encouraged to consider these risks and uncertainties, which may cause the Company's actual future results to be materially different than those expected in its forward-looking statements. ETC does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements.
Okowa Says Quality Education Should Not Be Compromised
GOVERNOR Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State has said government should not compromise on quality education for the youths.
Speaking Wednesday in a separate town hall meetings for the people of Uvwie and Ughelli South local government areas at the PTI Conference Centre, Effurun and Unity Hall, Otu-Jeremi respectively, Governor Okowa stated that quality education laced with proper skills will prepare the youths to be self sufficient in the future.
According to the Governor, his administration has not compromised quality education, especially, reviving of technical education to ensure that the youths are equipped for future challenges.
He disclosed that despite the fact that the state boasts of more than 1, 000 primary schools and about 500 secondary schools built by government, most of the communities in the state are still yearning for more.
While assuring the people of Uvwie that the Urhobo College will be renovated, Governor Okowa stated that from 2018, more schools would be built in the state.
“In every local government, there are roads being constructed because, we know the roads are important to the development of our people; we have taken on roads in the first two years, in the coming year, we will take on schools because, Deltans love education,” he said, adding, “we have fixed three technical colleges that are very functional and we have started to renovate the other three in the state because we know the importance of skill acquisition for the youths.”
He reiterated, “I want to urge parents to take their children to the technical schools because, apart from the skills they will acquire, the schools still offer the same subjects done by other schools, we should equip our children to face the challenges of the future.”
The Governor disclosed that the town hall meetings which will make him transverse the 25 local government areas of the state, inspect ongoing projects and commission completed ones will also provide opportunity to hold town hall meetings with the people, asserting, “in these town hall meetings, we should push away politics, it is a serious business, this is an opportunity for the people to know what we are doing, how we are managing their funds and an opportunity for our people to participate actively in government by telling us the truth, if we are doing well, the areas we need to improve on and what they need for us to build such into our programmes.”
The Governor who attended the town hall meetings accompanied by his Deputy, Barr Kingsley Otuaro and other top political office holders stated that apart from infrastructural development in all the local government areas of the state, his administration has empowered a lot of Deltans through skill acquisition programmes.
He noted that beneficiaries of the skill acquisition programmes were trained, equipped and are being monitored and mentored to ensure that they become successful entrepreneurs.
Governor Okowa thanked Deltans for their peaceful dispositions, stating that such should be sustained for the desired development to be achieved.
Speaker of the Delta State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Sheriff Oborevwori, former Deputy Governor of the state, Prof. Amos Utuama (SAN) were among dignitaries that attended the town hall meetings.
The post Okowa Says Quality Education Should Not Be Compromised appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
David Davis v Jacob Rees-Mogg on Brexit transition
Brexit Secretary David Davis rejects fellow Tory's Jacob Rees-Mogg's suggestion it would be "more honest" to admit the UK plans to "de facto" stay in the EU for two extra years.
England didn't exactly have the best World Cup-qualifying 1-0 win over Slovenia on Thursday, so we won't show you the one highlight of Harry Kane's stoppage time goal.
Instead, let's turn our attention to the better highlight — a fan tossing a paper airplane that sails majestically before landing right in a goal at Wembley Stadium. The crowd went predictably nuts:
This isn't as good as this airplane toss from a few years ago, but deserves attention nonetheless.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Man accused of 'sexual contact with minor' during Arlington ceremony The FBI said Wednesday it is looking for a man wanted for alleged “illicit sexual contact with minor” during the Wreath Laying Ceremony on Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery....
Trump pays tribute to fallen servicemen at Arlington National Cemetery President Trump placed a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns on Monday and paid tribute to fallen American servicemen — including the son of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly....
Trump honors veterans' sacrifice in Memorial Day tweet President Trump tweeted his respect on Memorial Day for those who “made the ultimate sacrifice.” “Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank...
'I've made sacrifices too:' Trump's response to father of fallen soldier WASHINGTON – The parents of a Muslim US soldier killed in Iraq lashed out against Donald Trump Sunday for possessing a “black soul” that's void of the empathy and moral...
Obama pays tribute to fallen soldiers at Arlington National Cemetery President Obama presided over his final Memorial Day as commander-in-chief on Monday at Arlington National Cemetery, paying tribute to soldiers who were often cut down in their youth. The president...
Boy's plea at Marine father's grave: 'Come back, Daddy' A 4-year-old boy made a heartbreaking plea at the grave of his soldier father in Arlington National Cemetery on Memorial Day. “I hope for you to come back soon, Daddy....
Brooklyn soldier laid to rest 70 years after final battle WASHINGTON — A Brooklyn soldier who fought honorably during World War II will finally rest in peace 70 years after his final battle. The remains of Army Pfc. Bernard Gavrin...
Foundation celebrates character of two fallen servicemen At Christmas, we count our blessings. At least for Americans, high atop the list is the blessing of having men and women who step forward to wear the uniform and...
Families gather for Lockerbie bombing 25th anniversary Families of some of the 270 people who died in an airliner bombing 25 years ago gathered for memorial services Saturday in the United States and Britain, honoring victims of...
The five passengers who died aboard a sightseeing helicopter that crashed into the East River last Sunday were trapped in store-bought construction harnesses — which weren't approved by the Federal Aviation Authority, according to a shocking new report.
Tour operator FlyNYON advertises a “proprietary eight-point safety harness system” that keeps its clients strapped to the chopper while they sit in the doorway and snap photos — but the “system” was really just made of “off-the-shelf components” — “a nylon fall-protection harness tethered via a lanyard to the helicopter,” the National Transportation Safety Board wrote Monday in an urgent safety recommendation to the Federal Aviation Authority.
The harnesses used by FlyNYON bear an uncanny resemblance to a $50 product sold at Home Depot, which are marketed to window washers and construction workers, but not to the aviation industry, helicopter magazine Vertical notes
Passenger Eric Adams, who was aboard another chopper that took off at the same time as the doomed helicopter, told The Post the harnesses look exactly the same — except that FlyNYON had attached a knife to the shoulder strap, which were supposed to allow you to cut yourself out in case of emergency.
Manufacturer-installed helicopter seat belts have to comply with federal standards stating “each occupant's seat must have a combined safety belt and shoulder harness with a single point release” — but the FAA had never evaluated FlyNYON's harnesses, nor was it required to, because it wasn't “required equipment,” according to the report.
The unapproved restraints ultimately proved fatal, the report notes.
“Despite being given a briefing on how to self-egress from the restraint and harness systems, none of the passengers were able to escape after the helicopter rolled over into the water,” it says.
“To self-egress from the harness system, the passengers would have had to either cut the tether with a provided cutting tool or unscrew a locking carabiner located at their back. The pilot, who was wearing only the manufacturer-installed restraint system, was able to release his restraints, escape the helicopter, and survive.”
A pilot who used to fly FlyNYON told Vertical his firm quit doing the harness trips because they were too dangerous, calling them “a petri dish experiment waiting for an accident to happen.”
He says the operator provided the harnesses but no safety guidance on them. And although he opted to provide an “extremely intense briefing” to the amateur shutterbugs on board, he still worried something could go wrong.
The NTSB report recommends the FAA ban all “open-door commercial passenger-carrying aircraft flights” that use difficult-to-escape harnesses — something the authority already did last week, but it adopted the report Monday nonetheless.
HOUSTON - Cosmetic Surgeon Dr. James Kern with Image Enhancement Center shares the newest way to melt away the fat in those stubborn areas.
Sponsored by: Image Enhancement Center
Open House: Happening Thursday, April 26 from 3PM - 6PM at the Woodway location.
Mention "Houston Life" Receive 20% Off all items pre-booked.
Bring a friend and you both can receive $50 gift cards.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
The Oscar winner led a singalong of "Happy Days Are Here Again" during the private service.
Thailand's Krungthai Card more than doubled in past six months
Thailand's banks are becoming a bigger risk to the world-beating surge in credit-card provider Krungthai Card Pcl's shares.
Lenders are stepping up efforts to expand their card businesses, which may force the Bangkok-based firm to boost advertising and promotional outlays to retain customers, according to Chief Executive Officer Rathian Srimongkol.
Rathian Srimongkol Photographer: Khan Kachonboon via Krungthai Card Pcl
"We may have to sacrifice some earnings growth to protect our market share," Rathian, 58, said in an interview in his office Tuesday.
Krungthai Card's total return of 160 percent in the past six months is the best globally for consumer-finance stocks with a minimum $1 billion market capitalization, data compiled by Bloomberg show. The rally outpaced the likes of Mastercard Inc. and Visa Inc.
Thai banks recently scrapped fees for a range of online banking transactions as disruption from financial technology ripples through the sector. Credit-card lending offers one way of shoring up earnings.
"Major banks are turning to the credit-card market aggressively after losing fee income," Rathian said. "Their mindset now is to expand their customer base at all costs. But domestic consumption remains weak, so the only way to do that is to poach customers."
Read about Citigroup's purchase of Thai personal loans, credit cards
Krungthai Card's net income jumped 65 percent to 1.21 billion baht ($39 million) in January through March from a year earlier. Loan growth of 6 percent fell short of the full-year target of 10 percent partly because of stiffer competition, according to the company.
Rathian said in February that he expects a record profit in 2018 and declining bad loan provisions.
Large banks have deep pockets with which to woo customers, said Tanawat Ruenbanterng, an analyst at Maybank Kim Eng Securities (Thailand) Pcl. Krungthai Card may have to increase provisions for bad loans if it responds to fierce competition by loosening lending practices, Tanawat said.
LASALLE TOWNSHIP, Mich. — A mother is accused of trying to torch a car with her 11-year-old son bound and locked inside at a southeast Michigan cemetery.
The Monroe County sheriff's office says 48-year-old Sherrie Richter was arraigned Thursday on assault with intent to murder and arson charges.
The sheriff's office said preliminary investigations show Richter bound the boy's wrists, locked him inside the car and tried to set two fires in the vehicle at Roselawn Memorial Park, about 10 miles northeast of the Ohio state line.
She then freed the boy. The mother and son were later found walking in the cemetery.
The boy was taken to a hospital as a precaution and released.
Richter, of Frenchtown Township, is jailed on a $100,000 bond. She has requested a court-appointed attorney.
The CCAAC Student Resource Center is another resource available on campus to help provide aid to students. We provide a variety of books that students are able to checkout at no cost. We provide study aids for the GMAT, GRE, PCAT, MCAT, LSAT, ASVAB and much more. We also provide books that span from eleven different genres. Some of the genres include: Literary Classics, LGBTQ, History, African American literature and Hispanic Heritage.
To check out a book please stop by Doak 114a first!
For the full catalog: https://ccaarc.librarika.com/
Time available for checkout: 9:00am-4:00pm
Resource Center Location: Doak Hall 101 (study room)
Restrictions:
None, the Resource Center is open to all Texas Tech students and faculty.
For questions: contact the CCAAC at 806-834-4527
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Britain's financial watchdog is proposing a crackdown on high-cost lending, suggesting fundamental reforms to the way banks operate and charge for overdrafts among other changes meant to help vulnerable consumers.
The Financial Conduct Authority conducted a wide-ranging review on high-cost credit and proposed reforms on Thursday.
The authority's chief executive Andrew Bailey said that "the proposals will benefit overdraft and high-cost credit users, rebalancing in the favor of the customer."
The body is also proposing reforms on rent-to-own operators, door-step lending and catalog credit and store cards, saying that high-cost credit is used by more than 3 million consumers in the U.K.
The FCA says it will gather more evidence and analysis before any formal decisions are made.
KINGSTGON, Ont. — The Kingston Frontenacs are still alive in the Ontario Hockey League playoffs.
Defenceman Sean Day had a goal and two assists as Kingston downed the Hamilton Bulldogs in Game 4 of the Eastern Conference final 5-2 on Tuesday.
Sam Field, Cliff Pu, Max Jones and Jason Robertson also scored for the Frontenacs, who still trail the best-of-seven series 3-1.
MacKenzie Entwistle and Arthur Kaliyev found the back of the net for the Bulldogs.
By Michael Birnbaum | Washington Post
BRUSSELS – The head of Poland's Supreme Court took a defiant stand Wednesday against a government effort to depose her, as thousands of supporters gathered to defend what they said was a last barrier preventing an authoritarian takeover of their country.
The president of the court, Malgorzata Gersdorf, showed up to work at the courthouse in Warsaw despite a law that went into effect at midnight forcing her retirement. The new measure escalated Poland's confrontation with the European Union, whose leaders are already struggling to address boiling anti-migrant anger, the rise of euroskeptic populists and President Donald Trump's efforts to drive wedges into the EU and the NATO defense alliance.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our Morning Report weekday newsletter.
The purge of Poland's Supreme Court threatened to extend rollbacks in a nation that was once a post-communist democratic success story, critics said. Wednesday's actions further aligned Warsaw with Hungary, whose leader has also slashed at pluralistic protections to entrench himself in power.
The law that went into effect on Wednesday completed the step-by-step government takeover of the judicial system, eliminating a final check on Polish leaders' reshaping of their nation's legal landscape. Proponents of the law said that their efforts were necessary to make courts more accountable to citizens. Tens of thousands of Poles turned into the streets on Tuesday night to protest the changes.
“I stand here in defense of the legal order in Poland,” Gersdorf told supporters in front of the courthouse on Wednesday. Hundreds of people chanting “constitution!” helped clear a path for her to enter the court in the morning. “I want to show that there's a difference between the constitution and its violation.”
Later in the day, thousands of people gathered at the court for a protest, where Solidarity leader Lech Walesa, who helped lead Poland out of communism, bitterly condemned the current government.
“Whoever turns against the constitution, against the separation of powers, is a criminal,” he said.
The European Union on Monday launched legal action against Polish leaders, saying the new law dealt a blow to judicial independence. Opposition leaders in Poland were pinning their hopes on that intervention, although any move by European courts is likely to take months. Inside Poland, the constitutional court, the main check on the constitutionality of new laws, is already controlled by Polish leaders, and government critics said it was unlikely to step in.
The ruling Law and Justice party also has control over lower courts. Wednesday's change awards it power at the top court, which approves election results and handles appeals for civil and criminal cases.
“We have reinforced judicial independence and objectivity,” Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki defiantly told the European Parliament in Strasbourg on Wednesday, where lawmakers heckled and booed. “Democracy in Poland has never been as alive as it is today.”
Polish leaders have said they are trying to overhaul the judicial system to purge it of judges who began their careers before the communist government fell in 1989. They say those judges are relics of the old system who are now blocking the will of the people as expressed by the current leadership, which was elected in 2015.
The leader of the Law and Order party, Jaroslaw Kaczynski, grew skeptical of the courts after they blocked a number of his party's initiatives during a previous stint in power.
In Strasbourg, Morawiecki came under withering criticism.
“Turn the wheel and bring Poland back into the family of democratic nations,” said Guy Verhofstadt, a senior European lawmaker.
The new law lowers the retirement age of the Supreme Court from 70 to 65, forcing out about a third of its members. Judges can apply to Polish President Andrzej Duda to extend their terms, but Gersdorf, 65, refused to do so. Her term was supposed to run until 2020. She said she believed that the law was designed to force her from office.
Polish media reported that the court's press office said Wednesday that 63 judges were working, suggesting that 10 had accepted their retirement, but that only 55 of the judges would actually be assigned new cases because eight had not submitted a request to extend their terms.
The Polish leadership appeared to be trying to sap some of the energy from the protests by allowing Gersdorf to preside over an administrative meeting of judges on Wednesday. Nor has Duda signed the papers formally required to enforce a judge's retirement. And he has held off from naming a new president of the court.
But protest leaders said the damage was already done.
Related Articles Trump falsely links NSA program to Mueller probe
Annapolis suspect wrote that he wanted to kill ‘every person present'
Pruitt's scandals are Trumpian in nature, scale
Prominent Bay Area tech exec cleared of child-sex charges
WhatsApp-fueled fake news lynchings sweep India The law “is really dangerous,” said Borys Budka, a former justice minister who is now an opposition lawmaker. “The only way to block this very bad situation in Poland from a legal outlook is civil resistance and European and international opinion.”
The Washington Post's Magdalena Foremska in Wroclaw, Poland, contributed to this report.
For one special after on Saturday, April 14, three of the North's top crime writers whose books have a Whitby connection will be coming together in the town.
The event will be a first for Botham's of Whitby Tearooms on Skinner Street as it hosts Frances Brody, Mari Hannah, and Chris Nickson for a thrilling afternoon of contemporary and historical crime.
Mari Hannah.
Scriptwriter and award-winning author Mari Hannah lives in Northumberland where her books are set. Her DCI Kate Daniels crime series is in development for TV with Stephen Fry's production company, Sprout Pictures.
Frances Brody is the award-winning author of nine murder mysteries set in the 1920s Yorkshire, featuring Kate Shackleton, First World War widow turned detective. Frances has written scripts for radio and television and plays for theatre as well as three sagas set in the early years of the last century.
Chris Nickson's Tom Harper books, set in the 1890s Leeds, has been widely praised. The Tin God sees Inspector Billy Reed and his wife fulfilling a dream by moving to Whitby, but he encounters someone from his past and works with Tom Harper to unravel what's going on.
This is the first time Botham's of Whitby has hosted an afternoon with authors. The event is on from 3pm to 4.30pm.
Outgoing President of Port Harcourt Polytechnic Students Union Government (SUG), Comrade Celestine Pepple has called on the state government to assist the school in providing hostel accommodation for students.
Comrade Pepple in a chat with The Tide said the institution was witnessing boom in students population with no hostel accommodation for them.
He decried the high cost of rent around the host community, Rumuola, explaining the most students cannot afford such hence the need for the school to provide hostel accommodation for the students.
The SUG president stated that so far, the relationship between the union and school authorities has been cordial such that the welfare of students is being put into consideration before major decisions are taken.
“The management has a listening ear. We have not had case of any altercation in the area of school fees or levies charged students”, Pepple said.
Due to the cordial relationship between management and students, he observed that there had been protest by the SUG against any policy, and urged the governing council to maintain the tempo.
On his achievements as SUG President, Comrade Pepple said so far, he and his executive had embarked on several projects, which include beautification and construction of love gardens within the school premises to improve aesthetics and relaxation for students.
In addition, he stated that the SUG renovated dilapidated restrooms, about 16 of them for both male and female students, as a way of checking indiscriminate defecation.
The Florida Project takes place a few miles and a whole universe away from Disney World, in a lavender-painted motel called The Magic Kingdom. Like the other businesses along its commercial strip in Kissimmee, Florida, it's a clear attempt to catch tourist runoff from the nearby theme park. And travelers, like the dismayed honeymooners who arrive to see the lodgings they booked online aren't remotely what they expected, do occasionally wash up in its lobby. But most of the guests of The Magic Kingdom aren't visitors, they're residents, crowding into rooms they rent by the week because getting together the chunk of change needed to even begin thinking about an apartment isn't tenable. The inhabitants of the motel are one wobbly rung above homelessness, many of them families whose children hang out together, a transient playgroup made up of members that come and go with little warning. It's a precarious situation that, you'd think, would make a name like "The Magic Kingdom" read as bitter irony. And that's certainly a part of The Florida Project, which juxtaposes the rough realities of its characters with an awareness of the massive monument to corporate cheer and consumption lurking just down the road — the Happiest Place on Earth, ready and waiting, providing you can afford to get in. But what's so great about the film, so astonishing and so devastating, is that there's some sincerity to that name as well, at least in the case of the day-to-day adventures of 6-year-old Moonee (Brooklynn Prince), its kid protagonist. The motel and the line of buildings around it are the beautiful-seedy dominion she reigns over with a combination of impish curiosity and slowly fading innocence. Childhood can be its own kind of magic kingdom, though the instability of the life she and her young ex-con mom Halley (Bria Vinaite) share keeps threatening to burst that bright, unconcerned bubble.
The Florida Project is written and directed by Sean Baker, who's made an increasingly prominent career out of chronicling existences eked out in economic gray zones, first in New York, then in Los Angeles, and now the Sunshine State. His 2004 movie Take Out centers on an undocumented Chinese immigrant scraping by as a deliveryman, while 2008's Prince of Broadway goes further uptown to track an African man whose counterfeit bag hustle gets complicated when he has to care for a toddler. Starlet (2012) focuses on the friendship between an adult film actor and her elderly neighbor in the San Fernando Valley, and 2015's Tangerine, Baker's biggest breakout so far, follows two trans sex workers through a long day of dealing with johns and personal dramas on a block of Santa Monica Boulevard. These are stories about marginalized lives that don't get put on screen very often, but Baker's greatest worth as a filmmaker comes not just from his interest in representation, but also from his understanding that he's making movies about people, not poverty. That's certainly the case with The Florida Project, which doesn't pretty up its characters' frequently miserable straits in any way, but is never miserablist, either. Moonee and Halley have good days and bad ones — mostly good for Moonee (it's summer vacation) and starting to tend toward the bad for Halley, who's come off a recent stint in prison, lost her job at a strip club for refusing to do extras in the back room, and is struggling to find another gig. Since she's not working, Halley watches over both Moonee and Scooty (Christopher Rivera), another Magic Kingdom kid whose mom Ashley (Mela Murder) is, for a while, a friend who works in a nearby diner and sneaks out food for free. But Halley generally opts to lounge, unconcerned, in front of the TV while the kids roam free. Baker cast Vinaite off of Instagram, and in her first role, with her tats and her brightly dyed hair, she's as magnetic a figure as she is an alarming one, her character as prone to acts of reckless destruction and wild outrage as she is to ones of boisterous joy.
The film is startlingly good at showing echoes of Halley's impulsive behavior in Moonee — or maybe it's vice versa. While Halley has to reckon with some depressingly grown-up developments, she's still half a kid herself, screaming "You're not my father" like a rebellious teen when warned about her behavior. When The Florida Project follows Halley, it shows her attempts to get by, hawking knock-off perfume or purloined MagicBands to tourists, and making a consequence-heavy, desperation-driven decision that's hinted at long before it's actually revealed. But when the film follows Moonee, it revels in play as she wanders, at first in the company of Scooty and then, when Ashley and Halley have a falling-out, with a nearby motel girl named Jancey (Valeria Cotto). Jancey's a sweet sidekick who befriends Moonee after an initial confrontation involving shrieking and spitting, a development that speaks as much to their quickly shifting community as it does the unique capacity kids have to exist in the present. The children beg for change for soft serve (Scooty's pitch is that "the doctor said we have asthma and we gotta eat ice cream right away"), explore abandoned homes in a pastel-colored development, and pay visits to the motel's long-suffering staff. Baker clearly turns extended sequences over to his child actors, ones that don't appear to be scripted at all — letting them just be mischievous kids and occasional little shits who make their way through worlds of their own creation, closed worlds that are much more inviting than the one the adults in their lives have to deal with.
Prince is, like Vinaite, a newcomer to acting, and her performance in the movie is enough to convince you that she has to be one of the planet's most charismatic children. But some more seasoned faces make their way into The Florida Project as well, chief among them Willem Dafoe as The Magic Kingdom's manager Bobby, a man who's been around the block but remains invested in the well-being of the residents, despite it being a source of constant heartbreak. Bobby starts out as a straight-man foil for Moonee and her gang, but becomes a grander, sadder figure as the film goes along, engaged in the impossible task of trying to ward off harm from people too vulnerable to be able to do much to evade it themselves. Dafoe is worry embodied, constantly harried, and a shorter appearance from (a surprisingly normal) Caleb Landry Jones hints that the motel is something that's consumed whatever life Bobby once had. But it's Moonee and Halley to whom The Florida Project belongs, two troublemakers trying to keep all consequences at bay by denying they exist, stocking a shopping cart full of throwaway treats in a dollar store, laughing and whirling around like it's a mystical playland. Which, in that moment, you can believe that it is. But while the power of imagination may be a savior in a Disney movie, it isn't in the sun-washed reality of The Florida Project, which concludes with a touch of poetry that might break you in two. It's not a happy ending, but it is, like the rest of the film, pretty much perfect.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
It could be the biggest city you've never heard of. In China, greater Suzhou is home to 13.7 million people — according to its own official reckoning — making it one of the largest metropolises in the world.
But the green, canal-laced city (pronounced soo-joe), about 65 miles west of Shanghai, is just one of many giants in its own country, behind the financial and political blockbusters of Beijing and Shanghai, as well as southern industrial hubs Guangzhou and Shenzhen.
Like any good urban Chinese powerhouse, Suzhou's city center is teeming with dazzling new skyscrapers. But as it charges headlong into the future, Suzhou continues to honor its ancient heritage and natural beauty — making it a fantastic destination for second-time visitors to China, or even those looking for a respite from the crowds. Visitors here get to dive into the country's splendor and culture without having to deal with the mindblowing enormity and chaos of an ultra-huge metropolis.
Of course, if you're Chinese or spent any length of time there, you're likely already familiar with Suzhou, as most of your ancestors would have been for the last 50 or so generations. Founded some 2,500 years ago, Suzhou's fortunes really took off with the building of China's Grand Canal in the early 7th century, linking Beijing in the north to Hangzhou in the south — still the world's longest manmade canal. For Suzhou, the Grand Canal meant near-instant prosperity as one of the area's most important trading centers, and helped its nascent silk industry become one of the country's most important for centuries to come.
Today you can learn the fascinating history of Suzhou's silk production — and witness it still happening firsthand, from silkworm larvae to harvesting to thread-spinning — at the Suzhou Silk Museum. Naturally there's a massive shop, too, where you can pick up silk souvenirs galore, such as purses, pillows and pajamas.
Silk is also the root of another one of Suzhou's claims to fame: its unique style of double-sided Chinese embroidery. At the Suzhou Embroidery Research Institute, you can watch these pieces (often months in the making) be painstakingly crafted. Its shop, too, features some truly breathtaking creations, from affordable small unframed works to astronomically priced masterpieces.
(A telling sign of Suzhou's off-the-radar status is how few of its major attractions have English websites. The tourism board's website — TravelToSuzhou.com — is a good primer on the highlights.)
Suzhou's growing wealth over the centuries translated into its rise as a hub of high culture — for where rich people go, leisure pursuits will follow — and led to the cultivation of one of its best known attractions: its many classical gardens. Using gorgeous greenery, water features, rock formations, pavilions and bridges, these spaces have been meticulously designed to show a series of striking vistas along their pathways. About 60 of the classical gardens remain, the nine most stunning are collectively designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The largest and most famous (go early to beat the huge crowds) is the Humble Administrator's Garden, nearly 13 acres of graceful Ming Dynasty-style scene-scapery.
Next door is the Suzhou Museum, with its vast collection of ancient art, ceramics and crafts — but equally visit-worthy for its beautiful design by famed Chinese-American architect I. M. Pei, whose family's ancestral roots were in Suzhou. Said to be Pei's last design before he retired, the stylish white structure incorporates inner pools and reflective spaces, and is his modern take on a classical Suzhou garden.
One of Suzhou's most iconic landmarks is the striking seven-story Tiger Hill Pagoda (also called Huqiu Tower), known as the “Leaning Tower of China” due to its gradual tilt over the centuries. The surrounding lush hillside is covered with several great attractions, including Wanjing Villa, a park showcasing gorgeous bonsai, with scenes crafted to look like Suzhou gardens in miniature.
Shantang Street, one of Suzhou's most famous arteries, was originally a 9th-century Grand Canal extension linking Tiger Hill to the city center. It was part of the elaborate canal system that earned Suzhou a nickname that stuck: The Venice of China.
Today, the picturesque street is lined with colorful canal-side shops and restaurants, and is extremely popular with visitors. Somewhat less kitschy and touristy is Pingjiang Road, another ancient canal-side pedestrian-only street that's now filled with a delightfully quirky array of cafés, teahouses, food vendors and shops. For those in need of a more Western-style shopping fix, the far more modernized Guanqian Street will suffice.
Of course food is a key part of any trip to China — try two local favorites, the fabulous noodles at Tongdexing and the superb soup dumplings at Xishengyuan. And be sure to check out a performance of pingtan, Suzhou's own captivating brand of traditional Chinese story-singing, at Pin Von Teahouse.
Adding to its charms, the city is easy to get to. Bullet trains connect Suzhou with central Shanghai and Shanghai's Hongqiao Airport in less than 30 minutes, with fares as low as around $6. For that speed and price, it can even serve as a day trip from Shanghai if you're ambitious.
Suzhou abounds with fantastic hotel options that are also affordable by Western standards, like the sumptuous Shangri-La (from $120) and the resort-like Pan Pacific (from $85). Two more anticipated newcomers are revving up the scene even further this year: Le Méridien at Suzhou Bay in July, and the W Suzhou in August (prices not yet available).
So go ahead, find some fresh air in China.
Second is the best
Sick of Shanghai? Bored with Beijing? Next trip, try these other enchanting second-tier cities in China.
Guilin: With its dramatic landscape of limestone hills surrounded by snaking rivers, Guilin in China's south is captured in many of the country's iconic landscape paintings.
Chengdu: The capital of Sichuan in China's southwest, Chengdu is beloved for its giant pandas and its deliciously spicy food.
Hangzhou: Hangzhou's natural beauty — especially its famous West Lake — has inspired poets and artists for centuries. It's also the source of China's best tea.
It was a horrible high-pitched squeal that suddenly made us aware that something serious was happening close by. But little did we expect to see a juvenile stoat attempting to kill a large rabbit just yards from the RSPB Campfield Marsh building where we were eating our picnic lunches.
It was certainly one of nature's less attractive moments, but as we were on a four night 'Autumn Wildlife in the Lake District' holiday, then it became one of the major talking points with our fellow guests back at HF Holiday's lovely Derwent Bank Hotel during the evening.
Located on the banks of one of Cumbria's most attractive lakes and just over a mile from the town of Keswick in the pretty village of Portinscale, Derwent Bank is one of 18 UK hotels owned by the company which began life as Holiday Fellowship back in 1913.
Surrounded on all sides by mountains, Portinscale's village name has an odd twist for in old English it means 'Harlot's Hut' – Portcwene meaning 'harlot' and skálitranslated as 'hut' – so you can draw your own conclusion as to what went on there!
Britain's Lake District was granted UNESCO World Heritage status just six months ago which positions it with other ‘must see' iconic outdoor destinations such as the Grand Canyon and Great Barrier Reef and I was delighted to be invited there for a four night stay by HF Holidays.
Following an easy four-and-a-half hour drive from Bedford, I was met by 28-year-old Russell Hedley, our wildlife expert and guide for the duration of the holiday. Now I've met several naturalists before, but Russell's knowledge really rubbed off on our group of ten – which included five retired teachers – his sheer enthusiasm seemingly taking everybody's interest in wildlife to a new level.
Sitting together in the hotel's lounge on the first evening, Russell explained that he intended taking us into coniferous forests and deciduous woodland and then to visit wetland habitats in the hope that we might see plenty of wildlife, although he added that the intended itinerary was always subject to change.
Our transport for the Monday to Friday holiday was a Mercedes minibus driven by Bolton-born Nathan Greenhalgh who, just weeks earlier, had been ferrying the cast and crew of the television drama The 'A' Word around its lakeland location.
"I had breakfast with Christopher Eccleston and Lee Ingleby one morning and they were delightful," he said. "However I wasn't allowed to say anything about the filming or the actual locations as it's all very hush hush."
Our first destination on the Tuesday morning was to Whinlatter Forest, the largest man-made plantation on a mountainside in Britain. It was established between the two World Wars in a bid to replace some of the timber used in the Great War.
We spent the morning searching for the elusive red squirrel and despite seeing plenty of signs – and a few colourful crossbills – our quarry remained hidden apart from seeing one on a live camera feed on television once we returned to the forest's visitor centre.
There were plenty of LBJs – Little Brown Jobs – which I failed to identify with my limited knowledge although we spent our lunchtime watching the bird feeders which attracted dozens of blue, coal and great tits, chaffinches and the occasional siskin plus Britain's smallest bird, the goldcrest.
After that we drove off to the other side of Keswick to visit the Great Wood and Frier's Crag before we walked into town alongside the lakeshore where we watched a huge murmuration of starlings, redwings chasing mistle thrushes from tree to tree, a pair of goosanders, a shy kingfisher and a whooper swan which was being hounded by a slightly larger male mute swan.
In total we walked around seven miles and also enjoyed a hot chocolate at the Keswick Theatre restaurant before returning to the hotel for a hot shower before dinner. En route we passed Keswick's quirky Pencil Museum while that evening we were treated to a talk by Keswick Museum's curator who bought along a huge selection of strange objects for us to try and identity and to guess their age and useage.
The following morning we set out for the Woodlands Trust-owned Powter How where Russell pointed out dozens of different fungi and numerous plants but again the squirrels stayed hidden.
Then it was off to lakeland's most northerly mass of water, the four mile long Bassenthwaite Lake in the shadow of the mountains of Blencathra at 868 metres and Skiddow at 931 metres, the latter being the sixth highest peak in England.
It's only found in Bassenthwaite and Derwentwater, but the vendace is one of the world's rarest fish, having been trapped there after the Ice Age. However as the lake has otters and cormorants on its shores, it could well be even rarer – or even extinct – as their quest for food wouldn't distinguish the vendace from any other fish!
Sadly there were no waders but just a few tufted ducks on show so we headed off to the more impressive seven hectare Dubwatch Silver Meadow wetland nature reserve where we first spotted a peregrine falcon while several snipe rose from the boggy landscape to zig-zag away into the distance.
Given that barn owls are common there, we popped into the nearby Pheasant pub to sample their mulled wine before returning to the meadow as dusk began to fall only to find a couple of owl pellets which were carefully dissected by Russell and the group back at the hotel. It revealed that the owl had eaten three individual field voles plus a tiny shrew in the last 24 hours.
Our final full day saw a change of plan, for instead of visiting the re-wilding projects at Ennerdale, Russell arranged for us to travel north to the Solway Firth where the sun shone all day from a cloudless blue sky and gave us excellent views across the water to Dumfries and Galloway in Scotland.
It was also easily our most successful day of wildlife watching as we saw more than 30 bird species, from various waders on the shoreline like dunlin and redshank to numerous winter visitors like fieldfares and whopper swans. And then there was that stoat which managed to disable the unfortunate rabbit only to run away into a nearby barn every time it let out that high-pitched squeal.
But the little stoat returned at least a dozen times before finally ending the poor bunnies misery with a savage bite to the back of the neck. It then proceeded to try and push the rabbit into the barn only to discover that it was much easier to pull it. It took it at least 20 minutes but it was a Lesser learned and it also reminded us that nature itself can be so very cruel.
Walking out onto the boggy Campfield Marsh reserve on a raised walkway, we spotted three roe deer while our hopes of seeing that elusive red squirrel quickly evaporated. However we were treated to watching a large flock of pink-footed geese and four whooper swans fly in to roost for the night.
Over the three days we had spotted and enjoyed seeing 113 different species of birds, plants and fungi, all carefully logged by Russell who present a list to us at our final evening get-together. Oh! and one thing I had never heard of before was that by reversing your binoculars and looking through the 'wrong' end, they become microscope-like when viewing plants or leaves from close quarters.
DERWENT BANK HOTEL
Located on the shore of Derwentwater in the quaint Cumbrian village of Portinscale close to the town of Keswick, the four-star Derwent Bank Hotel has been owned by HF Holidays since 1937 although it actually dates back to 1788 when it was constructed as Finkel Street House by Joseph Pocklington (1736-1817).
However the house has been sold to various owners since then and has undergone some major changes in appearance, its three-storey original having been deemed 'very ugly' by all who saw it, its owner being branded 'A Man With No Taste' by the locals.
Various wings and extensions have been added and major improvements made by its later owners down the years. But the biggest changes came in the early 1900s when wealthy widow Emily Haigh Edmondson (1862-1936) had several walls removed, opening up some of the rooms while adding a number a dated feature like the huge wooden fireplace which stands proudly from floor to ceiling in the current dining room.
However once Holiday Fellowship purchased it together with its 20 plus acres of woodland garden in 1937, they began adding bathrooms, toilets and extending upwards above the current bar/cafe area, bringing the number of bedrooms to 38 – 23 being twins and 15 singles.
Having undergone a total refurbishment just last year, Derwent Bank has everything you need for an outdoor-style holiday, especially with that separate boot room to help with the drying of the wet clothing and footwear, the entire lakes region likely to suddenly change from bright sunshine to a torrential downpour at the drop of a hat.
There are no particular frills inside the building itself which has a large comfortable lounge, a conservatory and bar while its bedrooms are nicely finished. Our premier room (No15) looked out across the lake with its wooden jetty while other rooms faced the extensive flower and vegetable gardens and the hotel's own bee hives.
All the room are nicely furnished and provide plenty of storage while there is the usual television, tea and coffee making facilities and free Wi-Fi while the beds themselves are particularly comfortable.
Derwent Bank currently has 13 staff members under the guidance of its Spanish manager Mariano Marcos-Granados who has been with HF Holidays for a total of 21 years and has headed up the Portinscale operation for more than a decade.
"I've really enjoyed my time here," he told me. "We've got a great staff and we really try and give our guests an enjoyable experience. They are really loyal to the HF Holidays brand and many return years after year and have become good friends.
"Our head chef João is Portuguese and he looks to use as much local produce as possible. In fact last night's six-course dinner was pretty much all local produce, even the tapas starter of Serrano ham, chorizo and salami were made here," he added.
While local dishes often include Cumbrian Herdwick lamb, English Lakes ice cream together with numerous Cumbrian cheeses, everything else is supplied by local butchers and grocers. Drinks too are brewed and distilled locally with speciality gin now becoming a firm favourite.
However it was the breakfasts that I particularly loved. A bowl of freshly-made yoghurt with honey and granola plus a fruit juice to start with and then a truly memorable Full English – black pudding, bacon, sausage and hash browns, tomato, beans, fried bread and plenty of mushrooms. While there were plenty of other choices all cooked to order, the former certainly set me up for a day of healthy walking and bird watching in the crisp lakeland air!
There's a choice of lunchtime picnic sandwiches – which you pre-order the night before – while you can then load up your lunch bag with fruit, crisps, pies and healthy snacks before setting off for the day.
It's the same at dinner, for you are able to choose the following evening's three-course meal just after you've eaten the current one and before you meet up with fellow guests in the conservatory for coffee afterwards.
One word of warning… on arrival day we happily tucked into warm scones, jam and cream at 4pm but then struggled through dinner a mere three hours later. Just saying!
FACT FILE
Travel writer Alan Wooding and photographer Alan Stafford was guests of HF Holidays – www.hfholidays.co.uk – on their four night 'Autumn Wildlife in the Lake District' holiday staying at the Derwent Bank Hotel on the shores of Derwentwater in the village of Portinscale. The hotel is open year round and caters for all outdoor activities, both guided and self-guided walks plus cycling.
Wildlife expert Russell Hedley has worked with HF Holidays for five years and is managing director of Talks & Walks Guided Nature Tours – www.naturetalksandwalks.co.uk, tel: 07505 149582, email russ@naturetalksandwalks.co.uk
Many thanks to Alison Barr and all at Gough Bailey Wright – www.gough.co.uk tel: 01527 579555 – of St John's House, 16 Church Street, Bromsgrove, B61 8DN for arranging the holiday.
HF HOLIDAYS
All HF Holiday country houses welcome self-guided walkers, so you can enjoy the same diverse array of scenery, culture, history and wildlife as the rest of the guests, but with the freedom to explore wherever and whenever you choose. Each of the houses has a Discovery Point packed with a selection of local walks for you to explore. All you need to do is decide how far you feel like walking that day, pick your route card off the wall, lace up your boots and head off.
HF Holidays is actually owned by its members. Standard membership can be brought for a minimum investment of £100 (100 £1 shares) while Investment Membership means an minimum outlay of £1,000 (1,000 £1 shares) – details at www.hfholidays.co.uk/membership or call 020 8732 1290. Membership itself means various rewards, discounts and advanced booking privileges.
With over 100 years' expertise in creating unique breaks, HF Holidays have devised special courses with experts for Photography, Arts & Crafts, Music, Theatre and Festivals, Dancing, Natural World, Mind & Body, Bridge and Touring. And while the majority of these activities take place in Great Britain, there is the opportunity to travel to all parts of the globe by checking out the website at www.hfholidays.co.uk
The 18 HF County Houses inn the UK are:
Chy Morval, St Ives, Cornwall;
Harrington House, Bourton-on-the Water, Cotswolds;
The Pevril of the Peak, Doverdale, Derbyshire;
Freshwater Bay House, Isle of Wight;
Derwent Bank, Portinscale, Cumbria;
Monk Coniston, Coninstonwater, Cumbria;
Longwynd House, Church Stretton, Shropshire;
Abingworth Hall, Abingworth, Sussex;
Craflwyn Hall, Snowdon, Wales;
Dolserau Hall, Dolgellau, Wales;
Alltshellach, Glen Coe, Scotland;
Larpool Hall, Whitby, Yorkshire;
West Lulworth House, Luworth Cove, Dorset;
Holnicote Gouse, Selworthy, Devon;
Nether Grange, Alnmoutrh, Northumberland;
Nythfa House, Brecon, Wales;
Newfield Hall, Malhamdale, Yorkshire Dales;
Thorns Hall, Sedbergh, Yorkshire Dales.
XENIA — In a Xenia High School debut he won't soon forget, Cedarville transfer Joey Lewis stole third base and raced home to score the winning run, April 21 in a 4-3 Buccaneers win in eight innings over visiting Graham.
Bucs coach Barry Claus already had three players who had stolen nine bases or more this season. Lewis gives the team yet another burner on the base paths.
With Lewis on second and Wade Ferrance on first and one out in a 3-3 tie in the bottom of the eighth inning, Claus sent the two speedy runners in a double-steal attempt. And when the Graham catcher's throw missed the shortstop, Lewis was able to race home before a throw home was even made to score the winning run.
“He had two hits and a steal, and he goes and scores the game-winning run in his first varsity start for the Bucs. We've been excited to have him. I think he's been excited to play,” Claus said.
Blayne Dudley leads the team with 19 steals thus far. Aydan Evans is next with 12 swipes and Ferrance already has nine.
Lewis brings another base stealing threat to an already fast team, but the former Cedarville Indian was just happy to be out on the ball diamond again.
“I hadn't been able to play for a while, so I was just excited to get in the game,” Lewis said. He was making his first varsity start for the Buccaneers after having to sit out the first half of the season for transferring to XHS from Cedarville High.
Lewis said he's still making the adjustment from Division IV baseball to Division I.
“The competition is a lot tougher. I feel I'm still learning. Every single game, I just see what other people do and try to see what I can do to get myself better at my position,” he said. “If I make an error, I learn how to fix it. I just do the best that I can.”
Lewis is one of four sophomores, and a freshman, in Xenia's starting lineup right now.
The win snapped a two-game mini losing streak for Xenia (12-4, 4-3 in the Greater Western Ohio Conference's American South division), a shutout road loss at Tecumseh and an 8-5 home loss on April 20 to Piqua. The Bucs return to divisional play at 5 p.m. Tuesday April 24 in West Carrollton before hosting the Pirates on April 25 at the same time.
Graham fell to 5-6 overall with the extra-inning loss. Falcons coach Jay Lewis said his young team was battling in extra innings for the third time in Graham's last four games. They are now 2-1 in extra-inning contests.
“We played a nine-inning game two nights ago, and we played 11 innings (in a 3-2 win over Northwestern) Friday night, so we've been playing in pretty tight games,” Lewis said. “I thought this game with Xenia was a very good game. Both pitchers did pretty well. It just came down to that last big play.”
Coach Lewis credited starting pitcher Eli Palmer with a solid outing. Palmer went six innings with eight strikeouts. Graham plays at Kenton Ridge at 5 p.m. Tuesday, April 24.
Xenia senior Logan Bilbrey congratulates Joey Lewis after the sophomore scored the winning run Saturday, April 21 in a high school baseball game with visiting Graham. Lewis was making his varsity debut. http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/04/web1_loganBilbreyJoeyLewis_PS.jpg Xenia senior Logan Bilbrey congratulates Joey Lewis after the sophomore scored the winning run Saturday, April 21 in a high school baseball game with visiting Graham. Lewis was making his varsity debut. John Bombatch | Greene County News Xenia junior pitcher Warren Mahar falls back to make the catch of a foul ball in the seventh inning of Saturday's 4-3 Xenia high school baseball win over visiting Graham. http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/04/web1_WarrenMaharCatch_PS.jpg Xenia junior pitcher Warren Mahar falls back to make the catch of a foul ball in the seventh inning of Saturday's 4-3 Xenia high school baseball win over visiting Graham. John Bombatch | Greene County News Graham infielder Josh Lewis (4) dives to try and make the catch, as Xenia's Aydan Evans (6) slides in with a stolen base, in the third inning of an April 21 high school baseball game at Xenia High School. http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/04/web1_JoshLewisAydanEvans_PS.jpg Graham infielder Josh Lewis (4) dives to try and make the catch, as Xenia's Aydan Evans (6) slides in with a stolen base, in the third inning of an April 21 high school baseball game at Xenia High School. John Bombatch | Greene County News Xenia senior Wade Ferrance swings after a low pitch in Saturday's April 21 high school baseball game with visiting Graham. Xenia won the game in eight innings, 4-3. http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/04/web1_WadeFerrance_PS.jpg Xenia senior Wade Ferrance swings after a low pitch in Saturday's April 21 high school baseball game with visiting Graham. Xenia won the game in eight innings, 4-3. John Bombatch | Greene County News
By John Bombatch jbombatch@aimmediamidwest.com
Contact John Bombatch at 937-372-4444, Ext. 2123.
Contact John Bombatch at 937-372-4444, Ext. 2123.
All you need for a complete meal – beer, burgers and snoballs – make their way to crowdfunding in May. The trio of food-based business join an inclusive women's boutique setting up shop in Clintonville. Keep reading to find out how you can support these four local businesses.
Sister Entreprenuer's Snoball Startup/Food Truck
A trio of sisters hocking New Orleans-style snoballs are in need of a new trailer. With treats that please the kiddos to the adults, SNO-OH is ready to expand, but needs a reliable trailer to do it. Funds will go towards taking their treats featuring hand-crafted syrups with unique flavor combos like pineapple-habanero, pineapple-lemondae and lemon-basil, to more events and cities, including Cleveland and Cincinnati.
The Sunroom
Two friends are looking to bring a new women's retail experience to Clintonville. Nestled between Dough Mama and Whitt's, The Sunroom will offer a wide variety of styles catering to many sizes and body types. With space secured in the high foot traffic area, renovations are well underway to transform the former massage parlor. Funds raised will go towards build out and product ordering for fall, with extra dollars earmarked to purchase items like table and chairs to also be able to hold events at the shop.
The Draft Room
Grab a six-pack; sit and have a beer – that's the vision of Westerville's The Draft Room. The part beer bar, part bottle shop is the brainchild of a trio of beer-loving friends. Space secured and liquor license won, The Draft Room is turning to crowdfunding for funds to finish off their space. But lookout for the bar no matter what, the owners assure it's full steam ahead regardless of crowdfunding results.
Eden Burger
Fast-food and plants aren't two things you would expect to find in the same sentence, but Eden Burger looks to bring plant-based burgers and milkshakes to the former DareDevil Dogs space near campus. The operation is trading kitchen takeovers for a permanent space. The startup turned to crowdfunding to sell tickets to its Grand Opening Day Party, which will also raise funds for continued costs as the business gets started.
Failed or Funded? – March 2017
Shot for Shot Portraits by Commons Studio – Unfulfilled – $5,289 raised / $10,000 requested
Sweat Seal: End Pit Stains! – Funded – $15,563 raised / $7,500 requested
BrewDog Craft Beer Hotel & Sour Beer Facility – Funded – $313,182 raised / $75,000 requested
VENUE: Make dating great again – Canceled – $873 raised / $20,000 requested
No Mercy – Funded – $36,435 raised / $30,000 requested
String Stash – Unfulfilled – $9,600 raised / $1,433 requested
Is your business launching a crowdfunding campaign? Email info@themetropreneur.com to be considered for the monthly roundup.
Share
If you've fallen out of love with Destiny 2 after the disappointing Curse of Osiris expansion, Bungie is hoping to reel you back in with its next major piece of content. Destiny 2: Warmind will take you back to Mars to fight an ancient enemy when it launches in May.
“Beneath the frozen ice caps of Mars, an ancient enemy is clawing their way back to the surface,” Bungie community manager David Dague said in a post on the PlayStation Blog. “To stop the Hive from unleashing their gods, you'll need to work with one of the most powerful weapons created during the golden age.”
That weapon is Rasputin, a character we've heard mentioned in Destiny lore since the original game — he is connected, to some extent, to Dr. Anastasia Bray, who will join you on your journey.
In the expansion's prologue trailer, Bray mentions an even more powerful threat before the ice at her feet is sent hurling into the air. She climbs to its peak before an enormous figure rises from below — naturally, we don't get to see it, but we're guessing it's the Hive god Xol.
In addition to the new story missions and adventures in the Mars' location “Hellas Basin,” Warmind includes access to two new strikes: “Strange Terrain” and “Will of the Thousands.” The former takes you bellow Hellas Basin to fight a Hive Prince known as “the Herald of Xol,” while the latter tasks you with defending Rasputin's neural network using the “Valkyrie” relic weapon.
If you're looking for a reason to play the new expansion for weeks on end, the ritual activity “Escalation Protocol” might be what you're looking for. The event tasks you with fighting off waves of Hive, and new rewards will be available each week.
Unfortunately, there won't be a new raid coming in Warmind, though the raid lair “Spire of Stars” will be added. With Curse of Osiris criticized for its lack of content, it's somewhat disappointing to see that the second expansion might be going down that same road.
Destiny 2: Warmind is out on May 8 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. It will cost $20, and those who purchased the season pass will be able to access it for free.
Ecuador has issued an arrest warrant against former president Rafael Correa, accusing him of ordering an attempt to abduct a political opponent in 2012.
In an exclusive interview with euronews Correa, who now lives in Belgium, accused his successor Lenin Moreno of seeking to smear his administration for political gain.
"It's not serious. With sorrow, I must say that Ecuador must be considered again as a banana Republic. No serious country will consider such a clearly political, illegal and absurd arrest warrant," he said from Brussels where he now lives.
An Ecuadorean judge ordered that Correa be jailed for involvement in the kidnapping in 2012 of opposition lawmaker Fernando Balda.
He was briefly kidnapped in neighbouring Colombia, where he had fled after being sentenced to two years in prison for slander against Correa.
Balda accused Correa of having orchestrated the kidnapping, which the Colombian police broke up after a few hours.
The state prosecutor's office in June requested that Correa be linked to the proceedings as the "author" of the incident.
Judge Daniella Camacho accepted that request and ordered Correa, who is living in Belgium, where his wife is from, to present himself in Ecuadorean courts every two weeks.
Instead, Correa on Monday presented himself to the Ecuadorian consulate in Belgium, which the judge on Tuesday termed a violation of her orders.
"Judge Daniella Camacho receives the prosecutor's request and orders preventive prison for ex-president Rafael C. for his alleged participation in the crime of illicit association and kidnapping," the Ecuadorean prosecutor's office said on Twitter.
"A request will be submitted to Interpol for his capture, with the aim of extraditing him."
U.S. President Donald Trump holds a space astronaut toy as he participates in a signing ceremony for Space Policy Directive at the White House in Washington D.C., U.S., December 11, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - At a time when China is working on an ambitious lunar program, President Donald Trump vowed on Monday that the United States will remain the leader in space exploration as he began a process to return Americans to the moon.
"We are the leader and we're going to stay the leader, and we're going to increase it many folds," Trump said in signing "Space Policy Directive 1" that establishes a foundation for a mission to the moon and eventually, to Mars.
Back in June, China's space official said the country was making “preliminary” preparations to send a man to the moon, the latest goal in China's ambitious lunar exploration program.
Trump's signing ceremony for the directive included former lunar astronauts Buzz Aldrin and Jack Schmitt and current astronaut Peggy Whitson, whose 665 days in orbit is more time in space than any other American and any other woman worldwide.
Trump said he was taking a giant step toward "reclaiming America's proud destiny in space."
"And space has so much to do with so many other applications, including a military application," he said without elaboration.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Lisa Shumaker)
By MARIA DANILOVA | The Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — Black students are suspended from school, expelled and referred to law enforcement much more frequently than their white peers and the disparities are growing, according to a federal report released Tuesday.
The report released by the Education Department is likely to add to an already tense national debate about what causes such racial disparities. Civil rights groups believe that racial bias is at play and insist that federal protections are necessary. Some experts counter that forcing schools to adopt milder disciplinary practices makes classrooms unsafe.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is considering scrapping Obama-era rules that were meant to counter those disparities and urge schools to adopt softer discipline approaches. She met with supporters and opponents of that policy this month.
The data show that while black students represented 15 percent of all enrolled students in 2015-2016, they accounted for 31 percent of children referred to police or arrested. The disparity is 5 percentage points higher than in 2013-14, when such data was last collected. Two years ago, white students made up 49 percent of all students but represented 36 percent of students who were referred to the police.
There also were disparities in penalties for bad behavior. Black boys represented 8 percent of all enrolled students in 2015-16, but accounted for 25 percent of suspensions and 23 percent of expulsions. Black girls made up 8 percent of all students but accounted for 14 percent of suspensions and 10 percent of expulsions.
By comparison, white boys represented 25 percent of all students and 24 percent of those who got suspended. White girls represented 24 percent of all students and 8 percent of those suspended.
“This should cause alarm for all of us,” said Catherine Lhamon, chairwoman of the Commission on Civil Rights, who previously served as the top civil rights official at the Education Department under the Obama administration.
“Students were and are treated in very different ways. The reality is that those students experience discrimination.”
The guidance issued during Lhamon's tenure instructed schools to move away from harsh punishments and instead favor positive behavior interventions such as counseling. It also told schools to examine their discipline data and fix racial disparities if there are any.
Mike Petrilli, president of the conservative Thomas B. Fordham Institute, has been calling for scrapping the 2014 guidance. He argues that it has made educators reluctant to punish bad behavior and has led to disorder in classrooms. While he agrees that racial bias does play a role, he said that children who are subjected to poverty and trauma are more likely to act out at school.
“The numbers are the symptom, not the disease. The disease is about ineffective schools, it's about unequal life circumstances,” Petrilli said. “We've got to address the underlying causes of these disparities. Some of them may be racial bias in the way that discipline is doled out, but it's also differencing in student behavior that relate to differences in the challenges groups are facing.”
DeVos hailed the release of the report and urged federal and local education leaders to take note.
“Protecting all students' civil rights is at the core of the Department's mission,” she said in a statement.
The report did show that gun violence is still fairly rare in U.S. classrooms, with about 240 schools, or 0.2 percent, reporting at least 1 incident involving a school-related shooting. Harassment and bullying, however, were widespread, with some 135,000 allegations reported. Of those complaints, some 41 percent involved sexual harassment, 23 percent had to do with race, 16 percent with sexual orientation, 11 percent with disability and 8 percent with religion.
EgyptAir will resume flights to Japan after four years of interruption. The Star Alliance member will launch weekly Cairo-Tokyo Narita service from Oct. 29.
EgyptAir chairman and CEO Safwat Musallam said the airline will use a 346-seat Boeing 777-300ER on the new service.
The Egyptian flag carrier previously operated direct flights to Tokyo and Osaka, but the routes were suspended after the Egyptian revolution of 2011, called the January 25 Revolution, and resumed for a short period until they were suspended completely in 2013.
Kurt Hofmann, hofmann.aviation@netway.at
From Sprint in Dirt
ERIE, MI (April 24, 2018) – The 2018 Engine Pro Sprints On Dirt presented by ARP kicks off what is sure to be an action-packed season this Saturday, April 28, at SOD's traditional opening race venue, Crystal Motor Speedway.
SOD will waste little time getting into the meat of the season. The race will not only start the season championship battle, but it will be the first points race for the MAHLE/Clevite Beyond Limits Challenge. It will also be the first race of the Motul Leader of the Pack stage 1.
Every race April 28 thru September 1 will award points for the 2018 SOD championship and points for the MAHLE/Clevite Beyond Limits Challenge, the King Engine Bearings King of Michigan, or the Butler vs SOD Hog Creek Showdown. In addition, every race will award points for the Motul Leader of the Pack. All races will be important this season!
SOD welcomes Home Pro Roofing as a new partner. Drivers who have earned a spot in the feature draw will team up with kids from the crowd to participate in the Home Pro Roofing feature draw. Each child will receive either a diecast sprint car or a 11” tall pink panther. The child drawing number one will receive a diecast car and a huge 45” tall pink panther!
Jordan Ryan, SOD 2017 champion Stevie Irwin, and Ryan Ruhl won last year's SOD races at Crystal Motor Speedway. The season opener was rained out, but a May 6 rain date did the job.
For more information about Crystal Motor Speedway, go to www.crystalmotorspeedway.com and on Facebook at www.facebook.com/CMSpeedway.
Meet Engine Pro, go to www.enginepro.com. For more information about ARP, go to www.arp-bolts.com. Follow SOD at www.sprintsondirt.com and on Facebook at www.facebook.com/sprintsondirt.
RNBCincy is back with another exclusive contest! This time we are giving you a chance to win an oil change from Car X. Enter below for your chance to win
Win An Oil Change from Car X was originally published on rnbcincy.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Jose Mourinho names Man Utd back-four to face Saint Etienne
Jose says he will play the same back four that faced Watford – Valencia, Bailly, Smalling and Blind – against Saint-Etienne. #MUFC — Manchester United (@ManUtd) February 15, 2017
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has named a chunk of his starting lineup to face Saint Etienne in tomorrow evening's Europa League last-32 first leg.
The Portuguese boss has confirmed that he will select the same back-four that started against Watford last weekend for the clash with the French side.
That means that United's defence will comprise Antonio Valencia, Eric Bailly, Chris Smalling and Daley Blind, who helped to keep a clean sheet against the Hornets last Saturday.
Mourinho's decision was made easier by the fact that centre-back Phil Jones – a regular starter over the past few months – is still recovering from the injury he sustained during the recent game against Hull City. Marcos Rojo is back from his own fitness problem, but Blind is preferred at left-back.
The United manager also confirmed that captain Wayne Rooney and vice-captain Michael Carrick will be both be rested for the Saint Etienne game.
Rabbit rescue organizations are preparing for an influx of surrendered and stray bunnies as Easter weekend comes to an end.
Kaylie Ngo, president of London, Ont.,-based Hoppy Hearts, said the peak season for her rescue starts in June and July — and much of the volume stems from bunnies that were hastily purchased as Easter gifts for kids.
Bunnies are usually given as gifts when they're about eight weeks old, Ngo said. But after a few months, their personalities start to shift.
“They start becoming very hormonal and active little teenagers that like to poop and pee and start destroying things,” she said.
The executive director of Rabbit Rescue Inc. in Cambridge, Ont., said oftentimes, parents who buy the animals for their kids don't understand what they're getting into.
“They're really similar to cats and dogs, not like hamsters and gerbils,” Haviva Porter-Lush said. They can't be kept in a small cage, for instance. Porter-Lush recommends keeping them in a pen or a dedicated room to themselves.
And they're also more like cats and dogs in terms of cost than many people realize, she added.
“When people see them in the store for $30 or $40, they don't realize that, say, 'in five or six months time, I'm going to need to spend $300 to $700 getting my rabbit spayed.”'
Ngo said that sometimes, a lack of veterinary care can be an issue for rabbit owners.
“Despite being the third most popular pet in North America, they are still considered an exotic pet by many veterinarians, and it can be really, really hard to find a good veterinarian to care for the rabbit,” she said.
Both Hoppy Hearts and Rabbit Rescue Inc. send rabbits that are up for adoption to foster homes — neither organization has a dedicated shelter space.
“It's hard, because it's a busy time of year and we get full very quickly,” said Porter-Lush, adding that they're limited by the number of people who have agreed to act as foster families.
In fact, Ngo said her rescue has become so busy that it's had to stop accepting owner-surrendered bunnies. Right now, she said, Hoppy Hearts is only taking in rabbits that have been abandoned outside.
“Even if only temporarily, being put outside is a death sentence,” she said.
So when they get the call about a domestic rabbit that someone has spotted outside, they act fast. Ngo said that at least two people will go out to the scene and try to corral the rabbit into a pen.
Then, they scan the bunny for immediate health concerns: dental issues, parasites and injuries. If it's all clear, they go ahead and get the bunny spayed or neutered as quickly as possible.
Both Ngo and Porter-Lush recommend fostering a rabbit before eventually adopting one — it's less commitment, and gives people a chance to see whether a rabbit is a good fit for their household.
OLDSMAR, Fla. (WFLA) — One person is dead and another is behind bars after a shooting early Wednesday morning at Hennessy's Bar and Grill in Oldsmar.
Deputies say Brian Mytych, age 43, walked into the bar and shot David Brown, age 33, several times, killing him. Brown was a cook at the restaurant.
Sergeant Spencer Gross with the Pinellas County Sheriff's office said the men were involved in an incident on February 6.
Deputies responded to the bar. Mytych was cited for disorderly conduct and told not to return to the bar.
Mytych returned to the bar early Wednesday morning and was told to leave.
He did leave, but deputies say when he returned, he walked back in with a gun and shot David Brown multiple times.
Mytych then told everyone to leave the bar and he called 911 and waited for deputies to get there.
Deputies arrested Mytych. Detectives are continuing to investigate the shooting.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
French papers take President Macron to task, for "cynical" remarks about retrenched factory workers who spend their time "stirring up shit" instead of looking for jobs.
The papers are all about a row which has broken out in France over President Emmanuel Macron's use of disparaging language in remarks about struggling workers.
Le Parisien reports that Macron unleashed the storm during Wednesday's visit to the cash-trapped GM&S spare parts plant in the Central Coreze, when he advised disgruntled trade unionists clashing with police that they would be better off, if they go looking for work instead of stirring up shit".
The remarks unleashed a buzz on social media prompting Government spokesman Christophe Castaner to engage the press in a damage control operation.
He urged public opinion to pay attention to the substance and not the choice of language used which he conceded was a little "surprising, coming from the mouth of a president of the republic."
As France's 'slackers' brace for war over what they perceive as Macron's contempt for struggling workers, some publications say it is probably such cynicism iwhich has caused the sharp decline in the polls, since his election in May.
According to left-leaning Libération, the ranting underscores Macron's disdain for the same fragile citizens. The paper says it will be better if he admonishes some of the most powerful from time to time.
L'Humanité says he simply lost his nerves and can't control his temper anymore and invites him to focus his energy on safeguarding jobs instead of stirring up shit.
According to the Communist daily, just days away from the October demonstration called by the Public Service union the so-called young monarch will be reminded that the world's most famous revolts were fed by the humiliation of working class people by the powerful.
L'Opinion argues that while President Macron was right in inviting the striking workers at the GM&S plant to go apply for work elsewhere instead of fighting pitched battles with anti-riot CRS force, he ought to refrain from messing up things.
The right-wing publication says it is hard to understand why Macron opted for those words. What the French people expect from their Head of State, it argues, is for him to listen and speak to them, without resorting to annoying gutter talk.
Le Télégramme deplores Emmanuel Macron's appetite for instant effect and controversial sound bites, observing that there is a dose of Sarkozy in his character.
For the paper, the constant use of such rhetoric can only hurt vulnerable portions of the population who find it hard to make ends meet.
Le Télégramme concludes that it is the use of such polarizing language by President Macron that made some people to believe that he is nothing more than a banker and political outsider who is out of touch with social realities" in France.
ATLANTA — The New York Mets have listed starting pitcher Steven Matz as day to day, hopeful he will not miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in his middle left finger.
Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz isn't expected to go on the disabled list.
Matz was injured while swinging the bat Tuesday in the top of the fourth. The bat flew out of his hand and pushed his middle finger far back. Though he doubled, the pain was too much for him to pitch the bottom half of the inning and he left the game.
Callaway said Matz's injury doesn't compare to Noah Syndergaard's, one that forced the ace to the disabled list on the same day with a strained ligament in his right index finger.
“It was more of (Matz's) bat hitting that middle knuckle,” Callaway said. “It's not even in the same ballpark. It's a finger issue, but that's it.”
Matz is 2-3 with a 3.55 ERA in 10 starts.
New York made several moves to bolster a bullpen that's 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its past six games.
Jacob Rhame was optioned to Triple-A Las Vegas, and left-hander P.J. Conlon was designated for assignment. Left-hander Buddy Baumann was recalled from Las Vegas, and right-handers Scott Copeland and Tim Peterson had their contracts selected from the minors.
To make room on the 40-man roster, outfielder Juan Lagares was transferred to the 60-day disabled list.
——
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — A judge has denied bond for an Ohio man accused of plowing his car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally.
Judge Robert Downer said during a bond hearing Monday he would appoint a lawyer for James Alex Fields Jr.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
The rally was held by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
Caribbean Integration Too Slow, Too Weak
– High-Ranking EU Diplomat Cautions Region Against Segmented Trade Market
The Gleaner – The region's attempt at integrating into a single market is taking too long and the progress is moving too slowly, Director-General of the European Commission's Directorate General for International Cooperation and Development Stefano Manservisi has charged.
Manservisi, who was discussing trade at a function at the Regional Headquarters of the University of the West Indies on Thursday, warned that the fragmentation in the Caribbean could prove to be a challenge to further expansion in trade between the two blocs.
“Your process of integration has been too slow, too weak,” Manservisi declared adding, “I know what I am talking about because if there is a region in the world that is able to set up a single market – the biggest in the world – with compromises, with rules, with the participation of everybody, it's the European Union.”
He expressed willingness for the EU to continue to be a strong trading partner with this region.
But the director-general was adamant that the integration of the Caribbean was an essential component in deepening the relationship between the EU and the Caribbean.
Pointing out the relatively small size of countries that make up the Caribbean Community (CARICOM), Manservisi further argued that a “single market has been the most powerful way to be protected from the most negative effects of globalisation”.
There is currently an outstanding report on Jamaica's future in CARICOM, which was produced by a working group chaired by former Prime Minister Bruce Golding.
Prime Minister Andrew Holness has said that the report is being examined by Cabinet.
2- CARICOM countries to benefit from new PAHO agreement
WASHINGTON – CMC – Seven Caribbean Community (CARICOM) countries are to benefit from a new multi-country strategy for technical cooperation in health through 2024.
The strategy was signed between the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO) and Antigua and Barbuda, Barbados, Dominica, Grenada, St. Kitts- Nevis, St. Lucia and St. Vincent and the Grenadines.
“This strategy is your vision of how PAHO/WHO can best support the work of your ministries of health in improving the health of their people,” said the Director of the PAHO/World Health Organization (PAHO/WHO), Dr. Carissa F. Etienne,
“It is aligned with your countries' national health policies, strategies and plans as well as with established Caribbean-wide health goals and the United Nations Multicountry Sustainable Development Framework for the Caribbean,” she added.
The new strategy is the second agreement of its kind between PAHO and the seven countries and focuses on achieving previously unmet goals while also addressing new challenges the countries face, including health sector reform required to respond to the needs of aging populations, the growing burden of non-communicable diseases, and the health effects of climate change, among others.
PAHO said that the 2018-2024 Multi-country Cooperation Strategy for Barbados and Eastern Caribbean Countries is based on five strategic priorities: strengthening the countries' health systems to advance universal health coverage and access; reducing deaths and illness from communicable diseases like HIV, tuberculosis and hepatitis B; achieving optimum family health throughout the life course; reducing the burden of non-communicable diseases (NCDs); and strengthening preparedness and response to health emergencies and disasters while also reducing environmental threats and risks.
“We hope that the priorities defined in this strategy will provide the support you need in the coming years to continue to make your health systems more resilient and to ensure that you achieve universal access to health and universal health coverage, as well as your other national health goals,” said Etienne, who earlier this week began her second five-year stint as the PAHO/WHO director.
PAHO/WHO Representative for Barbados and the Eastern Caribbean countries, Dr. Godfrey Xuereb, noted that the strategy was developed through a consultative process involving all the countries and representatives from the public and private health sector, other government ministries, nongovernmental organizations, civil society and key development partners.
Etienne said that the PAHO/WHO looks forward to continuing working with other agencies and institutions, such as the Caribbean Public Health Agency, the University of the West Indies and the Organization of Eastern Caribbean States Secretariat, to improve the health of the peoples of the Caribbean.
3 – Model criminal code for OECS to be discussed in Grenada
GEORGE'S, Grenada – CMC – A two-day consultation on a model criminal code for the sub-regional Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS) as well as Bail, Evidence and Jury legislation in the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) gets underway here tomorrow.
It is being organised by the Canadian government funded Improved Access to Justice in the Caribbean (IMPACT Justice) Project, in association with the Judicial Education Institute of the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court.
The organisers said that the discussion of a harmonised Criminal Code is of special importance for the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court (ECSC) because the current situation is that in each of the member states differences in the language creating offences make it difficult for judges, who move between the OECS from time to time, to efficiently deliver justice.
“It is expected that the discussions will lead to the creation of a harmonized Model Criminal Code with accompanying and similarly harmonized criminal law legislation for the consideration of governments within the OECS,” they said.
Among the participants attending the two-day event will be Dame Janice M. Pereira, the Chief Justice of the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court, as well as judges, magistrates, the directors of public prosecution and criminal defence lawyers from the nine-member OECS grouping.
The Canadian High Commissioner to Barbados and the OECS, Marie Legault, as well as Professor Velma Newton, Regional Project Director of the IMPACT will address the final day of the conference.
4- Caribbean IDB Governors to meet in Jamaica
KINGSTON, Jamaica – CMC – Caribbean governors of the Washington-based Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) meet here later this month with a focus on helping the Caribbean embrace strategically, the reality of the digital revolution.
The seventh annual Caribbean Governors' Meeting from February 26-27, will be held under the theme “Jump Caribbean” and the IDB said it wants the region to tap technology and to apply innovative methods as a means to solve problems, improve productivity, generate employment and advance development.
IDB Governors are expected from the Bahamas, Barbados, Jamaica, Suriname, Guyana and Trinidad and Tobago. IDB President Luis Alberto Moreno, other senior IDB officials and Dr William Warren Smith, the President of the Caribbean Development Bank are also expected to attend the two-day meeting of the governors.
Global business leader Sir Richard Branson and Toomas Hendrik Ilves, the former president of the Republic of Estonia, will also participate in the high-level meeting to provide insight on how the Caribbean can take advantage of the opportunities for accelerating growth, building resilience to natural disasters, developing policies to improve productivity, and creating vibrant sustainable economies through the digital and technological revolutions.
“At the upcoming meeting, the Caribbean has the opportunity to seize the moment, to ignite the changes needed to create a better and brighter future,” said Therese Turner-Jones, general manager for the IDB's Caribbean Country Department,
“As the leading development partner in the region, the IDB looks forward to fresh ideas and innovative perspectives that take full advantage of the digital and technological revolution. This is key to improving lives of the people of the region,” added Turner-Jones.
The meeting will include a series of bilateral and plenary sessions and is intended to prepare the Caribbean Governors and the IDB's management for the substantive deliberations on the future direction of the institution that are anticipated at the IDB's annual general meeting to be held in Argentina on March 22-25.
5 -No vote on Top cop
– A great disappointment, says PM
Trinidad Express – The House of Representatives Friday took action to deal with the “fiasco” surrounding the appointment of a Commissioner of Police and two deputy commissioners.
The House, meeting at Tower D, International Waterfront Centre, Port of Spain, unanimously agreed to defer debate on the President's notification on the nominees for these three top positions and to establish a Special Select Committee to examine the process employed by the Police Service Commission (PSA) in arriving at the nominees.
Accounting firm KPMG and the PSC will be summoned to appear before the Special Select Committee, which has been mandated to report back to the House by March 31.
6- Govt. takes no decision regarding white sugar for manufacturing – Samuda
KINGSTON, Jamaica – CMC – The Jamaica government says it has no intention of forcing upon manufacturers the use of plantation white sugar as a substitute for refined sugar in the manufacturing process.
“It's not the government's intention to impose any strictures in promoting what, at this stage, is just a theory. It is going to depend largely on what you the manufacturers say. This is not something that Government wants to force on you. Nothing of the kind,” said Industry, Commerce, Agriculture and Fisheries Minister Karl Samuda.
Samuda has said that no decision will be taken without agreement from members of the manufacturing sector.
A statement from the Ministry noted that the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) Council for Trade and Economic Development (COTED) has asked the Sugar Association of the Caribbean to conduct regional consultations with manufacturers who use refined sugar in their manufacturing processes.
Currently, imported refined sugar is used in the manufacturing trade to make items such as sugary drinks and baked goods.
The statement noted while it is possible to use the less refined, regionally made plantation white sugar for this purpose, it will cost manufacturers more to do so.
Addressing a stakeholders meeting earlier this week, Samuda noted that the move to replace refined sugar with plantation white could prove beneficial to the region in the long term.
But he assured that the Andrew Holness government will work to find a solution that will mutually benefit the local sugar industry and manufacturers.
7- Venezuela frees 85-year-old govt. opponent after day of detention
CARACAS (Reuters) – Venezuela late on Friday freed an 85-year-old activist, who is the sole survivor of a clandestine group that fought a 1950s military dictatorship, after he was detained by intelligence agents for a day.
The family of lawyer Enrique Aristeguieta and the political party Justice First said he was taken from his home in Caracas in the early hours of Friday, with no explanation from authorities.
“Full freedom for Enrique Aristeguieta and we'll also achieve that for Venezuela,” said hard-line opposition leader Maria Corina Machado.
Aristeguieta is an outspoken opposition campaigner who regularly compares what he calls the “narco-tyranny” of socialist President Nicolas Maduro to the 1952-1958 dictatorship of Marcos Perez.
Aristeguieta's Twitter feed had not yet been updated and the last message posted at about 4 a.m. Friday said he was being sought by Venezuelan intelligence agents in his home.
Authorities did not respond to a request for comment earlier on Friday on the detention.
Local rights group Penal Forum said Aristeguieta was one of 14 activists rounded up during the past week, among about 200 who are being detained by the Maduro government.
Critics say the ruling Socialist Party persecutes dissenters while officials insist they are acting legitimately against people plotting against the government with U.S. support.
8- St. Lucia launches ambitious agribusiness project
CASTRIES, St. Lucia – CMC – St. Lucia has launched a multi-million dollar project aimed at strengthening agribusiness operations within the context of climate change.
The US$1.8 million Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) funded Sustainable Agribusiness for Laborie and Environs (SABLE) project is intended to benefit farmers and fisherfolk mainly in the south of the island.
“The project is innovative as it will deliver financial support for the adoption of climate resilient practices and improve livelihoods for our members. In addition, the project explicitly connects market opportunities, investment capital, capacity building and technical support,” said Steven Auguste, president of the Laborie Co-operative Credit Union (LCCU), which is executing the programme.
He said this is being done through a blended financial intervention to support greater climate resilience, environmental and commercial sustainability of small agro production, and fishing in the south.
“The LCCU is extremely well positioned to facilitate and support the successful implementation of the proposed intervention in climate change adaptation of farmers and fisherfolks,” Auguste said.
LCCU general manager Lucius Ellevic said fisherfolks and farmers are not doing well because the systems and methods which are supposed to help them sell and generate revenue from their production have failed them.
“Thus is the salient area in which this project will address itself,” he said.
Prime Minister Allen Chastanet said the government fully supports the project and that it is the intention of his administration “to ensure that there is a clear market space for fresh fruits as well agro processing.
“That is why the development of the south is so critical,” he said, noting that development projects such as hotels which will soon commence in the south creating opportunities for farmers.
“What is taking place here is timely…I am appealing to farmers to make use of the opportunities we have provided under this project,” Chastanet said.
In the days before mudslides left 21 people dead in Southern California, officials warned of flaws in the alert system designed to notify the public of imminent danger.
Nearly a week before a torrent of mud and debris tore through a Southern California neighborhood, swallowing homes and killing 21 people, a local emergency official sent an urgent letter to a federal agency detailing "serious" concerns with the alert system designed to warn the public of life threatening danger. In the aftermath of the mudslides and deadliest wildfire in California history, how and when officials chose to alert vulnerable communities has come under scrutiny. California lawmakers and officials say they repeatedly flagged pitfalls and failures with the national emergency alert system that, they argue, impeded critical evacuation efforts.
On Jan. 4, Santa Barbara County emergency management director Robert Lewin wrote to the Federal Communications Commission detailing flaws with the existing Wireless Emergency Alert system that could hinder the county's ability to successfully warn residents about imminent danger.
"Our county faces the potential for significant damage, deadly flooding and debris flow after the catastrophic Thomas fire, which scoured our mountains of vegetation," Lewin wrote. "We will need to be successful at alerting the public of these and other hazards. Presently, we cannot do this due to the flaws in the WEA/EAS system." The Wireless Emergency Alert system, launched by the Federal Emergency Management Agency in 2012, notifies mobile phones with a shake and a siren. Like an Amber Alert, smartphone owners are automatically opted in to receive these messages, which are designed to arrive regardless of one's cell phone service.
The system, however, has two major downsides. Messages can only hold 90 characters of information, and alerts designed to target a narrow geographic area can potentially hit thousands of other phones nearby, sparking confusion. "This has resulted in a large volume of panicked people calling 911 and thereby inundating emergency dispatch centers and public safety agencies with calls and clogging up the 911 system for hours," Lewin said. The FCC did not respond to BuzzFeed News' repeated requests for comment, but on Jan. 30, the commission announced it was updating the alert system. Starting in 2019, messages sent with the system will be longer, available in Spanish, and offer more specific geographic targeting.
Advertisement
Last fall, 44 people died in a Northern California firestorm that erupted late at night and without warning. Dozens of residents said the only warning they received was the smell of smoke and orange glow outside their windows, as officials struggled to get the dire message out using various methods. As wind-driven flames raced toward homes in the city of Santa Rosa, county officials opted not to send an alert to residents out of fear it would cause widespread panic and confusion. Twenty-two people died in the fire and the state is conducting a review of the now widely criticized decision. Nearly a week later, as the fires still burned in the hills of Northern California, Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Kamala Harris sent a sharp letter to the FCC espousing the same concerns over the alert system as Lewin. "In a crisis like this, receiving a timely emergency alert on your mobile phone can be the difference between life and death," they wrote, pointing out that "emergency services in Northern California were not able to transmit lifesaving WEA messages, because of significant technical deficiencies in the system.” Months later, on an unusually dry and windy December night, another set of wildfires erupted, this time rapidly spreading across Southern California. Alarmed by the flames, emergency officials sent emergency messages to millions of mobile phones in the region urging residents to remain alert for fire danger.
One of the fires, the Thomas Fire, scorched hundreds of thousands of acres in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties and became the largest in state history.
Then on the night of Jan. 9, as a powerful storm hurled into the region, an unprecedented amount of rainfall poured onto the steep, flame-scarred hills above the wealthy enclave of Montecito, unleashing a deluge of dirt, boulders, and trees. In the days before the storm, officials repeatedly warned residents of a mudslide risk after the fire. Around 2:30 a.m., the National Weather Service sent a buzzing wireless alert to residents, warning of an imminent flash flood. While some phones in the area lit up with the alert, others sat silent. "Only some of our cell phones went off and that was concerning," Lewin recalled. "I asked people around me and those with Verizon did not get that alert and that was even more alarming because Verizon is a huge provider in this area."
The storm had shredded a Verizon cell tower that night, a spokesperson for the carrier said, preventing the emergency warning from reaching phones in that area. A small number of other phones still on the carrier's 3G network also did not receive the alert due to a coding issue, he said. More than an hour later, at 3:52 a.m., Lewin made the decision to deploy an emergency alert to cell phones using the broader WEA system. By that time, mudslides had already overcome neighborhoods, causing widespread destruction and more than 20 deaths. "We have had a lot of problems with this system in the past," said Lewin, nearly three weeks after the catastrophic slides. "Sometimes the alerts don't hit or they include the whole county. We believe this is a national problem and I know many other California counties have had trouble with this." Santa Barbara County authorities say they took unprecedented steps to warn, advise, and prepare residents ahead of the mudslides. In the hours before the storm, Lewin said authorities went door-to-door, posted on social media, made calls, and sent messages to those who had opted in, which, at the time, was only a fraction of the population. But dogged by persistent and handicapping issues, officials did not incorporate the wireless emergency system meant to reach anyone with a smartphone, leaving it, instead, only as a last resort. "We used all the other methods we had," Lewin said. "We are supposed to rely on this as our modern-day siren system. But the fact that it has these problems is frustrating and unsettling."
Read the full letter: Download PDF
Brianna Sacks is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in Los Angeles. Contact Brianna Sacks at brianna.sacks@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Image copyright Met Police Image caption Serena Alexander-Benson left the UK on a Eurotunnel train at Folkestone on 25 May, police said
A 13-year-old girl who went missing from London has been found in Poland with her mother, police have said.
Serena Alexander-Benson was last seen by her father leaving her home in Wimbledon at about 07:50 BST on Friday.
She left the UK on a Eurotunnel train then travelled by car to Poland with a Polish friend of her mother, police said.
Officers are establishing whether any offences have been committed. A European Arrest Warrant was not issued.
The Met Police said officers had now been told by the National Crime Agency that the Polish authorities have confirmed Serena is with her mother in Poland.
When leaving her home on 25 May, Serena had told her father she was going to school, but she did not arrive.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Sniffer dogs the latest tool in plant biosecurity battle
The Marlborough District Council said rescue dogs from the SPCA are being trained to sniff out biosecurity threats from plants on farms and vineyards. Biosecurity officers say Chilean needle grass affected about 2500 hectares in Marlborough, dotted across about 200 properties, with the biggest problem on high country around vineyards. Source, Stuff
Seven unconventionally romantic films
By Jessica Berget, Staff Writer
Ah, St. Valentine's Day, the most romantic capitalist holiday there is. What better way to learn about life and love than through devastating heartbreak, right? Whether you're single, in a relationship, or anywhere in between, these films will satisfy your Valentine's Day movie craving and teach you everything you need to know about love, loss, and relationships.
Away We Go (2009)
John Krasinski and Maya Rudolph star as Verona and Burt in this eccentric romantic comedy/drama about an unmarried couple who struggle to make ends meet. When they find out they're having a baby, they travel the states visiting friends and relatives searching for a perfect place to raise their first child. Hilarity and sadness ensue as they meet with other families while also trying to establish and make sense of their own.
The Royal Tenenbaums (2002)
This classic Wes Anderson film follows the Tenenbaums, a family of geniuses torn apart by their parents' separation. After their rich father (Gene Hackman) runs out of money, he lies to his family that he has stomach cancer and wants to make amends to his family before his death, bringing them back together for the first time in 22 years. Meanwhile, Richie (Luke Wilson) and Margot (Gwyneth Paltrow) struggle with being secretly in love with one another, despite being adoptive siblings.
Frances Ha (2012)
Frances (played by Greta Gerwig) is a dancer's apprentice based in New York, although she doesn't have a permanent place to live. As her best friend starts becoming serious with her boyfriend, the two young women grow apart. Frances struggles to deal with a break-up, getting her life and career together, and the devastating disappointments that come with adulthood. This film has important lessons about relationships, life, and how to love yourself. It may hit a little too close to home if you have ever been a young adult struggling to find your place in the world (a.k.a. everyone).
Blue is the Warmest Color (2013)
15-year-old Adèle (Adèle Exarchopoulos) has her life changed forever when she meets Emma (Léa Seydoux), a blue-haired girl with whom she pursues a relationship. The film follows Adèle as she learns about love and loss as well as struggling with social acceptance, her sexuality, and her maturing relationship.
Lost in Translation (2003)
Love and friendship bloom under strange circumstances in this film. Bob (Bill Murray) is dissatisfied with his plummeting career as an actor and decides to take a job in Japan doing a whiskey commercial. Similarly, Charlotte (Scarlett Johansson) is disenchanted with her marriage, as her successful photographer husband leaves her behind in a hotel room as he works. The two strangers meet in a Tokyo hotel bar and begin a strange but intimate friendship.
Harold and Maude (1971)
Harold (Bud Cort) is a 20-year-old boy obsessed with death. In an attempt to get attention from his rich, neglectful mother, he stages various fake suicides and eagerly awaits the day he will meet his ultimate demise. While at a funeral, he meets 79-year-old Maude (Ruth Gordon), a woman who shares his fascination with death but uses it as an excuse to live her life to the fullest. This movie will change the way you see love and relationships, and might also give you an appreciation for Cat Stevens music.
Moonlight (2016)
Moonlight is the thoughtful, devastating story of a young boy who struggles to understand himself and the world around him as he grows older and slowly comes to terms with his sexuality. The film chronicles the character Little, as it follows him throughout life in a rough Miami neighbourhood, where he experiences friendship, heartbreak, and love.
Staff at Naas Hospital are organising a fundraiser for the child of a colleague who spent over a year in hospital.
Little Jack Ryan was born on August 9, 2016, with exomphalos, a condition which occurs when organs grow outside the body. His lungs did not develop, which resulted in him having a tracheostomy, to create an opening through his neck into his windpipe and curvature of the spine.
The fundraiser Sing for Jack features the Dublin Gospel Choir and the Kilcullen Gospel Choir and it takes place at Cill Mhuire Church, Newbridge, on Friday February 9 at 7.30pm. Tickets (€15) are available from (431121) or by texting Ann(087 6507973).
Updated at 2:30 p.m. ET
Almost 48 hours after violence engulfed Charlottesville, Va., President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name. Trump's remarks on Monday followed criticism that his initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically.
"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said from the White House.
Trump began his remarks talking about his economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning his attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia. After the Charlottesville City Council had voted earlier this year to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from one of its parks, white nationalists groups — including white supremacists, the alt-right, the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis — descended on the city for a "Unite the Right" rally.
On Friday night, they marched on the normally sleepy college town, home to the University of Virginia, carrying torches. On Saturday conditions turned deadly as hundreds of the white nationalists, some carrying Confederate flags and shields and others in militia-like gear, clashed with counterprotesters in the city streets.
At one point a silver Dodge Challenger, allegedly driven by 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. of Ohio, rammed into a street filled with counterprotesters. Heather Heyer, 32, was killed, and at least 19 others were injured. Fields was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
President Trump expressed sympathy to Heyer's family, as well as to the families of Virginia State Troopers Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Berke M.M. Bates, who died when their helicopter that was patrolling Saturday's event crashed.
"These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation," Trump said. "In times such as these, America has always shown its true character, responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice."
Trump spoke after meeting with newly installed FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the White House. He said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
"To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," the president said.
Sessions told ABC News on Monday morning that the car crash that had killed Heyer "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism."
"You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is unequivocally an unacceptable, evil attack," he said.
The president's condemnations may be too little too late for those who criticized Trump's initial remarks — and Trump may have missed a critical moment to be the nation's healer-in-chief. On Saturday, Trump claimed that the clashes were a result of "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides." Top Republicans, among others, quickly criticized him for not calling out by name the white supremacists, alt-right, KKK and neo-Nazi groups who began the protests.
"Mr. President – we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism," Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., who heads up the GOP Senate campaign committee, tweeted on Saturday.
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning, saying that, "The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Vice President Pence had gone further than the president in his own comments, telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Trump has been blamed for being slow to criticize white supremacist groups in the past — even as he regularly attacks other targets on Twitter. During the 2016 campaign, Trump came under fire for not immediately disavowing the endorsement of David Duke, a former KKK grand wizard.
Duke, who attended the march in Virginia, said on Saturday that participants' aim was "to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump. That's what we believed in. That's why we voted for Donald Trump, because he said he's going to take our country back."
Duke later responded to one of the president's tweets condemning the violence by saying, "I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists."
Three people were arrested by the gardai over the Easter weekend in Naas.
In all the Naas gardai dealt with five public order offences, a figure described by a Garda spokesman as relatively low.
The gardai are also investigating an allegation of assault in Pacelli Road.
The new governor says his nation is not vulnerable to banking shenanigans. Well ... here's hoping.
There are big changes at the Reserve Bank of New Zealand, most of which are welcome. The new governor should consider another break with the past: Drop the hubris.
Adrian Orr, who took the central bank's helm last month, is to explicitly aim for maximum employment as well as price stability. That's a break from the previous regime that formally focused on combating inflation. Another breakthrough is setting interest rates through a monetary policy committee instead of having the governor solely responsible.
In some ways, the changes merely bring the central bank into the global mainstream. A broader array of opinions is generally a good thing, lest an institution succumb to group think. New Zealanders love to point out that they pioneered inflation targeting three decades ago. They fell behind on the rest, but they want you to know that now the central bank is all caught up!
Almost. Here is where the hubris comes in. In a stunning "it can't happen here" moment last weekend, Orr bemoaned banking culture in Australia and talked about how superior things are in his country. (Australian banks are taking a public-relations beating in a royal commission -- kind of judicial inquiry -- that's revealed misconduct such as a charging a customer fees long after they died.)
The problem for Orr is that New Zealand banking is, in essence, a branch office of Australia. Australia's four biggest banks together hold about 90 percent of deposits in the New Zealand financial system. Two of the bosses of those big four Australian banks have strong roots in New Zealand. Shayne Elliott, chief executive officer of Australia & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd., is a kiwi. Andrew Thorburn, CEO of National Australia Bank Ltd., once ran NAB's subsidiary in New Zealand.
The subsidiaries have separate boards and are regulated locally, but the economies and financial systems of the two countries are intertwined. Can Orr really be so categorical?
It's imprudent, to put it charitably, for Governor Orr to suggest that somehow an Australian virus hasn't crossed, or won't cross, the Tasman Sea. And yet he says it. "The true problem and challenge going on in Australia is cultural," he said in an interview on Television New Zealand's Q+A. New Zealand bank culture "is infinitely better than some of the activity you've seen in Australia," he said.
Orr went on: "Why search for a problem yet to be identified? I don't see any lack of confidence in banks in New Zealand."
Plenty of central bankers misspeak or make comments that come back to bite them. It's part of the job. Former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke infamously said in 2007 that the problems of sub-prime mortgages were "contained." Wim Duisenberg, the first president of the European Central Bank, was vilified for resisting rate cuts by saying "I hear, but I do not listen."
Orr has been in office less time than Bernanke or Duisenberg had been when they made those comments. He does get some understanding for a rookie mistake. For now.
It would be a shame to go down the route of Orr's predecessor, Graeme Wheeler, who wrote to the CEO of a bank to complain about an economist whose work he took umbrage to. Wheeler just ended up looking petty and needlessly defensive.
Orr takes the reins of an institution that's undergoing significant changes. I wish the central bank well and hope Orr is right that banking shenanigans are … contained. If they aren't, he may come to regret his public certitude.
If your industry requires components to be 'functionally safe,' Imagination has a high-powered processor for you.
Picture this: The networking stack on the main pump controller has crashed, and you need to reboot it -- but it's 20 meters underground, on another continent -- and there's no-one on site to hit 'reset'.
Or you're bowling along the highway and one of the processor cores in your self-driving car gets zapped by a cosmic ray (yes, this could actually happen). The software can't tell whether the resulting error is a transient glitch or a hardware fault, so limits you to 50 kilometers per hour for safety: No fun with a monster truck hurtling up behind you.
Chip designers such as ARM and Imagination Technologies are applying industrial safety design techniques to their processor cores so that they can get themselves out of situations like this. You could soon feel the benefit even if you don't run a subterranean pumping station in Azerbaijan, nor yet have a self-driving car in your garage.
Functionally safe
We place a lot of faith in the processors in our internet of things, counting on the software they run to perform to spec in all circumstances. But there are problems that no amount of bounds checking, input sanitization or exception handling can fix.
That's why manufacturers in many industries seek to make their products functionally safe -- that is, ensuring that they remain in a safe state and respond as expected, regardless of environment, inputs or hardware failures. There are even standards for how to do so: The generic IEC 61508 has variants for specific industries, including ISO 26262 for automotive manufacturing.
It's one thing building such a system when you're designing or specifying every detail of every component yourself. Relying on an external supplier for complex subsystems -- or your suppliers' supplier in the case of microprocessors designed by one company and built by another -- is something else entirely.
The standards describe how to incorporate such components -- known as safety elements out of context (SEooCs) -- into functionally safe systems, and companies such as ARM and Imagination Technologies are applying them to their processor cores designs.
ARM has offered functionally safe variants of some of its Cortex-R series processor designs for a couple of years now. These are processor cores designed for hard real-time applications, where a response must come within a fixed window of time. The blazing fast cores that you will find in computer vision applications or the latest flagship smartphones, though, are more likely to belong to the Cortex-A line, none of which are available in functionally safe variants.
Imagination has a competing line of low-power core designs based on the MIPS architecture, which have also found their place in computer vision applications -- although sadly for Imagination, not in smartphones.
Mobileye uses MIPS cores in the EyeQ 4 system-on-chip (SoC) devices it develops for auto manufacturers to provide automated driver assistance systems such as lane keeping or adaptive cruise control.
Last year, it said it would use Imagination's MIPS I6500 core in its EyeQ 5 SoCs intended to support autonomous driving. The I6500 is a 64-bit multicore design in which the cores can run at different speeds ("heterogeneous inside," as Imagination puts it) and which can easily connect to GPUs and other application-specific accelerators ("heterogeneous outside").
There was just one hitch: There was no guarantee that it would be functionally safe, a must in the safety-conscious automobile industry.
Now, though, Imagination has overhauled the design. A new version, the I6500-F, contains additional transistors to flag errors in data transmission and storage, and to perform regular self-test operations on processor cores in a way that doesn't affect operation.
Accelerators
Chip designers that are able to support functionally safe design methodologies can help device makers get their products on the market quicker.
"There are some changes to the 6500 to make it the F, but these changes don't change the functionality of the design," said Tim Mace, Business Development Manager for MIPS and Imagination. "It runs the same software and integrates with accelerators in the same way."
The main benefit of the new version, he said, is the level of compliance with ISO 26262, but there's also some additional logic, largely transparent to the user, that is able to report errors when it finds them.
"Even if your silicon does exactly what you intended it to do, it can still change over time. For example, it can just wear out. Or you can get some random errors, for example from solar radiation or background radiation. A bit could change. You need some resilience to spot these errors when they occur and some mechanism to make sure it fails safe or recovers gracefully."
That resilience comes from the incorporation of parity checks and logic for built-in self-testing. In a multi-core processor design like the I6500, that could involve repeatedly moving processes to a known-good core, and self-testing the now-vacant core to be sure it too is safe.
"In automotive there is a requirement that if an error occurs, you need to detect it within a certain period of time. We need to repeat these checks in the background to continuously check if an error has crept in," said Mace.
The extra logic increases the die size of the chip by less than 10 percent, and will entail a slight increase in cost, but that could be a small price to pay for a "thing" that stays on the internet -- or the road -- even when the unexpected happens.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Everybody loves a cheap stock. The problem is, cheap stocks are hard to find, and they're often cheap for a reason.
Continue Reading Below
But what about a really cheap stock? As in, under $5 a share? Sometimes even if a stock has “issues,” they're not significant enough to necessitate a price that low.Sometimes stocks costing under $5 are priced too cheap for the difficulties they face.
That's why today we'll be taking a look at three top stocks costing under $5 to see if we can find (at least) one bargain.
Looking for cheap stocks that could go up a lot? What a coincidence! So are we! Image source: Getty Images.
Plug Power (NASDAQ: PLUG)
We begin today's search with hydrogen fuel cell pioneer Plug Power, a stock that costs just $2 and change — and used to cost less than half that (in fact, as recently as March).
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Plug Power went on its own personal version of Mr. Toad's Wild Ride earlier this month after the company announced a deal to supply Amazon.com (NASDAQ: AMZN) with fuel cells and “GenKey technology” to power forklifts at Amazon warehouses, along with warrants to buy 55.3 million Plug shares for prices of less than $1.19 a share. This demonstration of faith from the nation's largest e-tailer sparked an enthusiastic response from Plug investors — but should you buy this under-$5 stock?
That depends. According to its press release, the deal with Amazon is likely to add $70 million to Plug Power's revenue stream this year. That's a good thing, because before those revenues were factored in, analysts quoted on S&P Global Market Intelligence were projecting essentially zero sales growth at Plug this year.
With the Amazon deal in place, analysts expect to see Plug nearly double its 2016 revenue in 2017, then double it again by 2019, and keep growing from there. Current estimates call for Plug Power to finally turn profitable in 2019, earning $0.08 per share, and more than triple its profits (to $0.27 per share) by 2021 (which is as far as the estimates go out). At today's price of $2.24 per share, Plug stock costs a mere 8.3 times the profits it might earn four years from now. If it does earn them, that could turn out to be a very cheap price indeed.
Hovnanian (NYSE: HOV)
Not interested in gambling on a (currently) profitless, high-tech, high-risk stock like Plug? Perhaps a settled and staid homebuilder is more your speed? In that case, you might check out Hovnanian.
Unlike Plug, Hovnanian is already profitable, with trailing-12-month earnings of $13 million. With Hovnanian stock's $323 million market capitalization, that works out to a P/E ratio of 24.
Factor next year's earnings growth into the picture, and Hovnanian's forward P/E ratio falls to just 15. But according to some analysts (JMP Securities among them), the most an investor should really pay for Hovnanian stock is about 8 times forward earnings — so, should you buy it or not?
That really depends on what matters to you most: Cash, or debt. Hovnanian has a lot of both. On the cash front, this homebuilder cranked out more than $470 million in positive free cash flow over the past year — an order of magnitude more real cash profit than its GAAP income statement reflects. But on the debt side of the equation, Hovnanian has about $1.5 billion more debt than cash on its books, which gives the stock an enterprise value several times greater than its market capitalization — about $1.8 billion.
All of this gives Hovnanian an enterprise value-to-free cash flow ratio of just 3.9. So long as the housing market doesn't tank, and Hovnanian continues producing cash at the levels it's been able to recently, the stock should have no problem making payments on its debt, and even continuing to pay it down — in which cash, this sub-$5 stock could be a lot less risky than its price suggests.
Ascena Retail (NASDAQ: ASNA)
But wait! We've saved the (possibly) best stock idea for last.
Once upon a time, Ascena Retail went by the better-known, if decidedly un-sexy, name “Dress Barn.” A few purchases of other brands later (Ascena now owns such famed names as Ann Taylor, Loft, and Lane Bryant, in addition to Dress Barn), and management decided it needed a new, more ambiguous name to house all its brands in.
The problem is, business hasn't been going so great for Ascena since the name change (to put it mildly). Last quarter, for example, Ascena reported declines in overall sales, in same-store sales, and in profits. (More accurately, it reported a bigger loss than in the previous year's fiscal second quarter). This is all probably in part a facet of the “Amazon effect,” where online e-tailers continue to steal sales from bricks ‘n' mortar retailers. But whatever the cause, the fact remains that Ascena hasn't been looking so healthy lately — which helps to explain its sub-$5 stock price.
Now here's the good news: Despite weak sales and profits, Ascena Retail continues to generate healthy levels of free cash flow, pumping out more than $150 million in cash profit over the past 12 months. Weighed against its debt-adjusted enterprise value, that works out to an EV/FCF ratio of just 13 times for Ascena stock — and if debt doesn't worry you, the un-debt-adjusted price-to-FCF ratio is a mere 5x.
Whichever way you value the stock, analysts are projecting a big revival in profits at Ascena over the next five years, with earnings growing at 20% annually. If Ascena manages anything near this level of growth, the company could prosper enormously.
10 stocks we like better than Hovnanian Enterprises
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Hovnanian Enterprises wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
For decades North Korea has been one of the world's most secretive societies. It is one of the few countries still under nominally communist rule.
North Korea's nuclear ambitions have exacerbated its rigidly maintained isolation from the rest of the world.
The country emerged in 1948 amid the chaos following the end of the Second World War. Its history is dominated by its Great Leader, Kim Il-sung, who shaped political affairs for almost half a century.
Decades of this rigid state-controlled system have led to stagnation and a leadership dependent on the cult of personality. The totalitarian state also stands accused of systematic human rights abuses.
Read more country profiles - Profiles by BBC Monitoring
FACTS
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea Capital: Pyongyang Population 24.5 million (UN, 2012)
Major language Korean
Major religions Mainly atheist or non-religious, traditional beliefs
Life expectancy 66 years (men), 72 years (women) (UN)
Monetary unit Won
Internet domain .kp
LEADER
Image copyright Getty Images
Supreme leader: Kim Jong-un
Kim Jong-un is the third supreme leader in the Kim dynasty, founded by his grandfather Kim il-Sung, the country's leader at the time of its establishment.
Kim Jong-un took over from his father Kim Jong-il when he died from a heart attack in December 2011.
Under Kim Jong-un, North Korea has continued its policy of promoting the military at home while sending mixed signals to the rest of the world about its nuclear programme.
MEDIA
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The government is accused of keeping its people in a state of ignorance through tight control of the media
Radio and TV sets in North Korea are pre-tuned to government stations that pump out a steady stream of propaganda.
The press and broadcasters - all of them under direct state control - serve up a menu of flattering reports about North Korea's leader.
Economic hardship and famines are not reported. North Korea is one of the hardest countries for foreign media to cover.
TIMELINE
Some key dates in North Korea's history:
1945 - Japan's colonial rule over Korea ends with its Second World War surrender.
1948 - Korea is divided between the Soviet-backed North and the US-backed South.
1950-1953 - Korean War.
1994 - Founding President Kim Il-sung dies, succeeded by his son Kim Jong-il.
2002 - US names North Korea as part of an "axis of evil" in a stand-off between the West and North Korea which lasts for decades.
Motorists will have to use an alternate route while the Reeder Creek bridge is replaced on State Highway 48. (KTEN)
State Highway 48 will be closed while the Reeder Creek bridge is replaced. (KTEN)
ATOKA COUNTY, Okla. -- Starting Tuesday, a busy stretch of State Highway 48 in the southwest corner of Atoka County will be completely shut down to traffic so workers can replace a 56-year-old bridge.
"Our truck drivers will have to take a different route," said Nathan Stricklen, mine superintendent for FG Minerals in Coleman.
The two-lane highway has long been reduced to a single lane at Reeder Creek after bridge was judged to be "at risk."
Now the Oklahoma Department of Transportation says the section of Highway 48 between Kenefic and Coleman will have to be shut down entirely while the span is rebuilt.
Companies that operate in the area say the alternate route could add up to 30 minutes of drive time.
"It's going to take them a little longer," Stricklen said. "They'll probably have to add an extra truck or two on the deal to keep the loads up that they get each day."
"The bottom line is if ODOT says the bridge isn't safe, then just fund us a different route and we'll figure out a way around it for a while," said Kermit Frank, a spokesman for Dolese Bros. Co. which has a quarry in Coleman.
The Reeder Creek bridge sees around 2,400 vehicles a day. Even though this project will add time to driving routes, companies in the area say they are just glad it's getting fixed before something bad happened.
"When a bridge becomes unsafe and needs to be repaired, we are for that completely," Dolese said.
The construction project is part of a $1.2 million dollar contract awarded to L&N Bridge of Antlers in September.
ODOT said motorists should take State Highway 48A, State Highway 78 and State Highway 22 as a detour. The work is expected to be complete next March.
Everyone who wants to see the corrupt and insatiable power of the State-recognized rabbinate (the rabbanut) broken and its monopoly over Jewish marriage and divorce in Israel ended, applauds the announcement of huppa pratit, an alternative for marriage enacted according to halacha, rabbinic law.
“Huppa pratit” – literally, “private marriage,” is a takeoff on the alternative kashrut supervision authority, “Hashgaha Pratit,” that broke the rabbanut's stranglehold on this function a few years ago. The people behind both initiatives are courageous and learned Jews outraged by corruption and abuse in the rabbanut, who want honest and upright Jewish religious practice. This includes rational and respectful treatment of tens of thousands of Jews the rabbanut excludes from Jewish marriage through ever-expanding strictures not mandated by rabbinic law.
I applaud these people – Rabbis Aaron Leibowitz and Chuck Davidson; attorney Nitzan Caspi-Shiloni, and others – who risk censure and even freedom in violating a law that makes marriage outside of rabbanut auspices a crime punishable by two years of imprisonment.Some of those behind these initiatives, in particular, the moderate-Orthodox organization, Tzohar, wish to replace the rabbanut with a kinder, gentler variant (themselves), but this is not the way to go.The Chief Rabbinate is the product of the Ottomans and British, who created and maintained it for their convenience. It has no legitimate Jewish precedent or purpose. Jews lived for thousands of years with a decentralized rabbinic structure and a pluralism of interpretive traditions and customs. We did not have a Papacy and should not have one now. Any group, however honest and well-intended, that would inherit a rabbinic monopoly would inevitably become the factory of sinecures, nepotism, and mediocrity that we know too well in the current rabbanut.Nor is addressing rabbanut abuse in the administration of marriage sufficient. While absolutely necessary, this does nothing about the abuse inherent in the nature of halakhic marriage. Indeed, it may even mask the problem.Halachic marriage is effected through kinyan, literally, acquisition, and kiddushin, sanctification. The object of the acquisition and sanctification is the bride. The subject of the proceedings is her “baal – literally, her “master” – to-be, the groom, who acquires exclusive right to her sexuality from her father (or other male guardian). That right is traded under the marriage canopy.The first marital blessing recited there, birkat erussin, refers to those “forbidden to us” and then “to those permitted to us through huppah and kiddushin.” The “us” here are Jewish men. These profoundly offensive words are spoken while the bride stands there, in most cases unaware of what is really happening.The acquisition of exclusive sexual rights is that of the baal only. The bride enacts no similar claim on him.She is passive in the proceedings, save for acceptance of a token of minimal worth, usually, a ring. Any words or acts added by some to give the bride a role are done after the marriage has been effected. Indeed, anything else would invalidate rabbinic marriage, which must be male-led and unilateral.Iggun, the situation in which a woman is chained in a dead marriage and becomes an agunah, is a consequence of kinyan and kiddushin: marriage enacted unilaterally by the baal can only be dissolved at his will.Even when iggun does not eventuate, the threat of it hangs over every marriage initiated in this manner.The best prenup, which is that developed by the Center for Women's Justice and which Huppa Pratit requires in all marriages it conducts, is no guarantee against iggun. Even the best contracts are breached. Prenups that mandate monetary payment for withholding a divorce are useless if the man has no means or prefers three meals a day in jail to giving one.This was the case with Tzvia Gorodetsky's jailed baal, who withheld her freedom for over 20 years until a private rabbinic court led by Rabbi Daniel Sperber freed her by annulling her marriage. Even Sperber could not override the power of the baal in rabbinic law; he just found a way around it, which any rabbi with less learning could have done but did not.Prenups with financial penalties do nothing to men of means, who can litigate women into poverty and extort for a rabbinic divorce, no different than the situation without a prenup.Prenups are the hoped-for antidote to poison. The better route is not to take poison in the first place. Couples have been creating new Jewish ways to marry that treat both partners as equals through, e.g., adaptation of halakhic partnership law; or by using neder – a binding vow, and in case of divorce, hatarat nedarim—dissolution of vows.This is where all this has to go, not only to end the plague of iggun but because kinyan and kiddusin are fundamentally degrading to women's humanity, to our tselem elokim, our Divine image. Making the ceremony friendlier and eliminating the abuses the rabbanut regularly enacts prior to it do not address the fundamental misogyny of kinyan and kiddushin.On the contrary, “kinder and gentler” proceedings elide awareness, already woefully lacking, of exactly what is going on under the huppa amid the music and the flowers, and mislead women in particular, to think, problem solved, while business, literally – the trade in women – proceeds.Huppa pratit is a good and necessary step, but not sufficient.We need marriage rituals that are in sync with the seven blessings celebrating friendship and mutuality that are part of the traditional marriage ceremony, and which obviate any possibility of iggun (being “chained” to her marriage).Couples who are leading the way with such rituals are the beginnings of redemption. May it be hastened.The author is professor emerita of Jewish Studies and History at Oberlin College in Ohio.
A junior high school student in Byng, Oklahoma, was brought to tears Monday after her sister and her sister's boyfriend returned after serving in Kuwait for the past year.
BERKELEY, Calif. — California coach Cuonzo Martin played a haunch and decided to start Grant Mullins for the first time since late November.
It couldn't have worked out any better for the Golden Bears.
Mullins scored a season-high 20 points to lead four players in double figures and California pulled away late in the second half to beat Arizona State 81-65 on Sunday night.
Ivan Rabb had 20 points, 15 rebounds and five assists for his sixth double-double of the season despite being in foul trouble. Jabari Bird added 16 points and Sam Singer scored 10 to help the Bears (10-4, 1-1 Pac-12) snap a two-game losing streak.
“I just felt like it was right to put him back in the lineup,” Martin said of Mullins, who had come off the bench the previous six games after starting four of his first five. “I didn't think he was playing at the level, didn't have his legs on him, until right now. The other thing with that is for him to get in the lineup and do what he does well. He showed that tonight.”
Mullins provided a big spark for the Bears, who were missing one of their top scorers when they started their decisive run in the second half.
Rabb went to the bench with his fourth foul and California a slim lead. Arizona State responded with a quick 6-0 run all on free throws to go up 61-60.
gallery: College basketball cheerleaders: 2016-17
After Singer's free throw tied it with 5:45 left, Bird followed with a one-handed dunk, Kingsley Okoroh added his own emphatic dunk and California went on to make its final eight shots while outscoring Arizona State 21-4 down the stretch.
“That was big for us,” Mullins said. “We have a lot of confidence in (Rabb) but he can't play 40 minutes a night. When he's off the floor other guys have to step up and we showed that we could tonight.”
Obinna Oleka had 18 points and five rebounds while Tra Holder scored 14 points for the Sun Devils (8-7, 1-1).
Arizona State was attempting to go 2-0 in conference for only the fifth time in program history but struggled to score in the second half and was held 18 points below its season average of 83.5.
“When Rabb went out I don't think we capitalized on that the way we needed to,” Sun Devils coach Bobby Hurley said. “We just couldn't get any separation from them with Rabb on the bench.”
California, coming off consecutive losses to No. 12 Virginia last week and No. 18 Arizona on Friday, made 11 3-pointers — one shy of its season high while holding the Sun Devils to 7-of-24 beyond the arc.
The Bears made only eight combined 3s in their previous two games but had seven in the first half against the Sun Devils. Rabb and Mullins had two apiece while Charlie Moore's 3-pointer helped California take a 38-37 halftime lead.
BIG PICTURE
Hurley's squad wasn't as efficient on offense as it had been, shooting 40 percent overall and only 29.2 percent on 3s. The Sun Devils had three one-and-one opportunities during a 15-second span midway through the second half but were held to just one field goal over the final 9:44.
UP NEXT
Arizona State returns home to host Colorado on Thursday night.
The gunman who shot a top GOP congressman and several other people Wednesday at a baseball practice outside the nation's capital had a long history of lashing out at Republicans and once frightened a neighbor by firing a rifle into a field behind his Illinois house.
That pivot in the story from police incident to politics happened rapidly around 11:15 am when CNN confirmed that the alleged shooter was James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois. A quick scan of his social media presence — Facebook and Twitter — suggested that he was strongly opposed to President Donald Trump and was a supporter of the 2016 presidential candidacy of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, an Independent who ran as a Democrat.
Hodgkinson also apparently volunteered for Sanders campaign in Iowa during the 2016 campaign. Sanders condemned the shooting in a statement issued Wednesday afternoon.
“I have just been informed that the alleged shooter at the Republican baseball practice is someone who apparently volunteered on my presidential campaign,” Sanders said in a statement. “I am sickened by this despicable act. Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms.”
Hodgkinson's apparent Facebook profile page is an image of Sanders as “Uncle Sam” and one recent post from June 12 carries this message from Hodgkinson: “I want to say Mr. President for being an Asshole, you are Truly the Biggest Asshole We Have Ever Had in the Oval Office.”
The Belleville News-Democrat, the local paper in the community where Hodgkinson reportedly lived, showed a photo of him holding a “Tax the Rich” sign in a protest outside a local post office. The newspaper described Hodgkinson this way:
“The shooter was James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, who belonged to a number of anti-Republican groups, including one called ‘Terminate the Republican Party.'”
Hodgkinson wrote letters to the newspaper which published nearly two dozen letters between 2010 and 2012 comparing the economic conditions of the time to those that preceded the Great Depression and excoriated Congress for not increasing the number of tax brackets and taking other tax reform measures.
On May 14, 2010, he wrote: “I don't envy the rich; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit.”
Less than a year later, on March 4, 2011, he wrote that Congress should rewrite tax codes to ease the tax burdens of the middle class.
“Let's get back to the good ol' days, when our representatives had a backbone and a conscience,” he wrote.
Later that year, in October 2011, he applauded the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York and Boston, writing that the demonstrators “are tired of our do-nothing Congress doing nothing while our country is going down the tubes.”
Hodgkinson also had arrests in his background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious offense. Court records show that his legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving. His most serious problems came in 2006, when he was arrested on a battery charge.
In April 2006, he was arrested on two counts of battery — one for striking a man in the face with a wood shotgun stock and another for punching a woman with his fist, as well as a count of unlawful damage to a motor vehicle for cutting the passenger seatbelt of the woman's car with a knife. According to the court clerk, the charges were dismissed in November of that year.
President Donald Trump made no mention of politics in a brief statement just before noon eastern time. “We are strongest when we are unified and we work together for the common good,” Trump said.
House Speaker Paul Ryan and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi both gave speeches of unity to applause on the floor of the House of Representatives.
“An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us,” Ryan said.
None of that stopped some conservatives from concluding that Hodgkinson was aiming to injure Republicans specifically, and that he was driven by a liberal culture that glorifies violence against GOPers.
Harlan Hill, a Trump-supporting pundit, tweeted this just after 9 am eastern time: “Events like today are EXACTLY why we took issue with NY elites glorifying the assassination of our President.” Donald Trump Jr., the son of the president, retweeted Hill's comment — adding “This.”
Hill's reference is to a controversial production of Shakespeare's “Julius Caesar” by the Delacorte Theater in Central Park. In it, the Caesar character bears a striking resemblance to Trump. Obviously, if you know history, Caesar is assassinated by his peers including his best friend Brutus.
Hill was far from the only conservative to cast the shooting in a very political light.
“NBC mentions shooter's social media page, BUT WON'T TELL US WHAT IT SAYS. (Bernie Sanders & Democratic Socialism),” tweeted Ann Coulter.
“A @BernieSanders supporter did shoot spree: James T. Hodgkinson who pushed a Change.org petition to appt indep counsel.” tweeted Laura Ingraham.
“This could be the first political rhetorical terrorist attack,” Illinois Republican Rep. Rodney Davis, who was at the practice, told CNN's Brianna Keilar Wednesday morning before Hodgkinson had been publicly identified as the alleged shooter.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, appearing on Fox News, called the shootings “part of a pattern” and blamed “an increasing intensity of hostility on the left.”
He said conservative college students are afraid they'll be beaten on campus.
“The intensity is very real, whether it's a so-called comedian holding up the president's head covered in blood, or right here in New York City, a play that shows the president being assassinated, or it's Democratic leading national politicians using vulgarity because they can't find any common language to talk,” he said.
And Michael Caputo, a former Trump adviser, was even more blunt in an interview with a Bufflao radio station. “For nine months, Democratic Party leaders have lied, regularly calling me and my friends traitors, so forgive me if I'm not more tender with their Karma in Alexandria,” Caputo said.
Others were less direct in tying Hodgkinson's apparent politics to this incident but did suggest that that the partisan political atmosphere clearly had something to do with the shooting.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, echoed Davis' sentiment. “I do think that things have become very partisan and very hardened in the country today,” he said. “We have to work together to get things done and we're the greatest nation in the world and there has been too much raw discourse today that is pulling people apart.”
But McAuliffe also mentioned that “there are too many guns on the streets,” a common theme for gun control advocates in the wake of attacks like these involving guns.
Rep. Mo Brooks, the Alabama Republican and another one of the people at the baseball field when the shooting happened, dismissed the idea that he might rethink his staunch support of the 2nd Amendment in the wake of this shooting. “The Second Amendment right to bear arms is to ensure that we always have a Republic,” Brooks said. “What we just saw here is one of the bad side effects of someone not exercising those rights properly.”
Georgia Rep. Barry Loudermilk, a Republican from Georgia who was on the field when the shooting happened, suggested that members of Congress should be allowed to carry guns. “I think we need to look at some reciprocity for members here but we also need to look at security details,” Loudermilk told CNN's Ashley Killough.
Until we know more about Hodgkinson's motive — assuming we can find it out since he has now died from wounds he suffered — it's difficult to reach hard and fast conclusions about why, allegedly, he did what he did.
Dale Walsh, 65, of Belleville, said he was a lifelong friend of Hodgkinson's. He said Hodgkinson spent most of his life building homes but in recent years turned to home inspections.
Walsh said Hodgkinson never talked politics with him and did not seem prone to violence. But he said he was a passionate person who occasionally got into fights.
“He was the type of person that if you challenged him, he wouldn't back off.”
The boyfriend of tragic Zymere Perkins' mom pleaded not guilty Tuesday in the child's broomstick-beating death.
Rysheim Smith, 42, is charged with second-degree murder in the September 2016 death of the 6-year-old.
Over a 15-month period, Smith is accused of repeatedly beating the tot with the broomstick. Smith allegedly beat him with sticks, threw him against a wall, hung him from a clothes hook by his shirt neck and then left him for hours without calling for medical help.
The malnourished child had finger marks on his neck, broken ribs and injuries all over his body from horrific abuse.
Smith is also charged with manslaughter and endangering the welfare of a child. The child's mother, Geraldine Perkins, 26, faces manslaughter charges.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TOPEKA, Kan. -- There's growing support online for Star Wars actor Mark Hamill to make a visit to Kansas.
In a reply to a Twitter comment on Monday, Hamill said Kansas was the one place he'd never visited - but wanted to.
Kansas — Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) April 23, 2018
Since the original post, a group of Kansas wheat farmers have offered to let the Luke Skywalker portrayer ride a combine during the wheat harvest. Kansas Governor Jeff Colyer even suggested a specific date:
We'd love to have you here! How does #MayThe4th sound? — Dr. Jeff Colyer (@DrJeffColyer) April 23, 2018
Kansas Highway Patrol Trooper Ben Gardner included another bonus:
Look me up if you ever visit our great state ! I'll let you drive my patrol car!#WhootWhoot 😀🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵 https://t.co/ripbrWms85 — Trooper Ben (@TrooperBenKHP) April 23, 2018
Hamill didn't explain on Twitter why he chose Kansas, or when (or even if) he plans to visit. If he does visit, he would be in good company: Harrison Ford, who plays Han Solo, regularly visits Wichita to have his airplane serviced.
Dad of slain nursing student brings mourners to tears The grieving dad of strangled Binghamton University student Haley Anderson recalled at her funeral Sunday how he had to clear out her college bedroom after her death — and found...
Murdered nursing student was strangled, officials say Long Islander Haley Anderson, the Binghamton University nursing student found dead in a sometimes-paramour's bed, was strangled to death, authorities said Saturday, as they announced charges against her alleged killer....
Slain nursing student suspected jilted lover had slashed her tires Months before she was killed, a Binghamton nursing student believed that the ex-lover charged Saturday with her murder slashed her car tires, according to a police report. Haley Anderson, 22,...
Suspect in nursing student murder may not be extradited to the US Sen. Chuck Schumer warned Thursday that the man accused of killing a 22-year-old Binghamton University nursing student may not be extradited from Nicaragua, where he fled after the alleged killing....
Man arrested in Nicaragua for murder of nursing student A man reportedly was arrested Tuesday for the murder of a Binghamton University student who was discovered dead in his off-campus home last week. Orlando Tercero was apprehended in his...
Murdered nursing student was mired in love triangle The Binghamton University student found murdered Friday was mired in a love triangle with her jealous alleged killer, according to the dead woman's roommate, who told The Post she discovered...
Nursing student's death ruled homicide A Binghamton University nursing student from Long Island was found murdered in an off-campus home — and police are eyeing the victim's ex-boyfriend who left the country, authorities said. Haley...
Cops nab suspect in college tennis player's hit-and-run death Cops have busted the hit-and-run driver who allegedly killed a Binghamton University student from Queens over the weekend, a report says. Aizaz Siddiqui, 26, was charged Thursday with leaving the...
College tennis player killed in apparent hit-and-run The Binghamton University community on Monday was grieving the death of a 20-year-old student from Queens in a hit-and-run crash over the weekend. Stefani Lineva was found lying on Route...
(WYCD) We can all use a little good news to brighten our days.
For that, we turn to a story out a Maine. There, a firefighter rescued a dog and got the best "thank you" the pet could muster.
The Wells Maine Police Department posted the photo to Facebook and it quickly went viral.
A dog got stuck on a roof after getting out of an upstairs window. Several passersby reported the stranded dog to authorities who quickly responded.
Just moments before the firefighter got the dog safely back into the house, he paused to give kisses to his rescuer, once again proving that dogs truly are man's best friend.
"Thank you kisses to Captain Nawfel! It's pawsatively love! Is there anything more stunning than an animal expressing gratitude?!" the department captioned the final photo, which showed the dog licking the face of his rescuer. "Thank you to all that called and helped save him."
MUSKEGON, Mich. (WOOD) — An 8-year-old is a person of interest in the death of a 1-year-old at a home day care, Muskegon Police Chief Jeffrey Lewis confirmed Monday.
“I personally have never dealt with a case like this in my entire career,” Lewis said.
Korey Brown's mother, Bryanna Reasonover, said her baby was found dead Friday morning at Keysha Keepers home day care located in the 700 block of Catherine Avenue in Muskegon.
Reasonover told WOOD she dropped off four children at the day care Thursday night and went to pick them up after work the next morning.
“One of the ladies who worked at the daycare was like, ‘Oh, Korey is knocked out. I changed his diaper. He didn't even wake up,'” Reasonover recalled on Monday.
Korey was in a Pack ‘n Play. Reasonover said that the way he was lying left one side of his face covered.
“When I pick him up, his face tilts over and I'm like, ‘What's all this on my baby's face? What's wrong with his face?'” she said.
She said there were bruises and bite marks on his face, finger and stomach and that his head was swollen.
“I'm like, ‘Korey, you know, wake up,'” she said. “I'm like, ‘My baby, he's not waking up.'”
She said that's when everyone panicked and called 911. Paramedics tried CPR, but it was too late.
“When I got to the hospital they told me Korey had already been dead for an hour,” Reasonover said.
It remains unclear what happened to the infant. Reasonover said an autopsy was scheduled to determine how he died.
“I don't want to say she knew,” she added, referring to the day care provider. “I don't know what anybody knows.”
The police chief said the investigation is difficult because the witnesses and person of interest are all children. He said the primary witness of Korey's death is a 5-year-old child.
“We don't normally have 5-year-olds as primary witnesses,” Lewis said.
He said Korey was left unsupervised for an unknown period of time.
Lewis said the 8-year-old person of interest in the death was taken for a mental health evaluation at Mercy Health Muskegon's Hackley Campus. He said authorities are getting advice from doctors about the best placement for the child.
Reasonover told WOOD she had been taking her children to the home day care for about three weeks.
The Michigan Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs told WOOD that Keysha Collins, the owner of Keysha Keepers, got her group child care license in November 2016. It is the first child care license she has had and there have not been any complaints against her. LARA said that an investigation is ongoing and no action has been taken against Collins' license so far.
The daycare is closed until the investigation is complete.
Korey's funeral will be held Friday in Muskegon; further details are not yet available. A GoFundMe account has been set up to help the family cover expenses.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Alex Jones
Judging Jones by his Infowars performances would be like judging Jack Nicholson by his depiction of the Joker on “Batman,” Wilhite told state District Judge Orlinda Naranjo last week,
the Austin American-Statesman reported.
Kelly Jones is seeking sole or joint custody of her three children, ages 14, 12 and 9, with her ex-husband, an ardent supporter of President Trump who broadcasts from his Austin home.
“He's not a stable person,” she reportedly told the court. “He says he wants to break Alec Baldwin's neck. He wants J-Lo to get raped.”
“I'm concerned that he is engaged in felonious behavior, threatening a member of Congress,” she added, referring to Jones' recent comments about Rep. Adam Schiff, D-California. “He broadcasts from home. The children are there, watching him broadcast.”
There was no immediate response to Kelly Jones' claims from Jones, 43, who is also known for pushing other widely discredited claims like the moon landing was faked and the
Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre was staged.
Meanwhile, lawyers for the warring Joneses began seating a jury in the Travis County courthouse for what's expected to be a contentious two-week hearing, court officials confirmed.
The couple divorced in 2015. Jones reportedly pays his ex-wife $43,000 per month, according to the Austin paper.
Jones' Infowars site was a hub for anti-Clinton conspiracies during the presidential campaign and Trump publicly thanked him for his support.
“You reputation is amazing,” Trump he said in December 2015. “I will not let you down.”
Jones claimed later that a victorious Trump later reached out to thank him and his listeners for his support.
The acclaimed drama's creator, Bruce Miller, talks about those last moments in the season finale, rethinking the show's approach to race, and gives hints about what's to come in Season 2. (Spoilers, obviously.)
Hulu's The Handmaid's Tale has both hewed closely to Margaret Atwood's 1985 novel and — by the nature of a 10-episode television season, which concluded this week — deepened its characters and supplemented the story. When the show returns for Season 2 next year it will venture into territory beyond the book — an audacious undertaking which creator and executive producer Bruce Miller is ready for. "The fun for someone like me, who's such a fan of the book, is to imagine what happens next," he said in a recent interview with BuzzFeed News. In the show's fictional world of Gilead — where a theocratic, totalitarian regime has overthrown the US government — healthy birth rates are falling, and miscarriage rates are rising. A premium has therefore been put on fertile women, who live as so-called Handmaids — conscripted surrogates to powerful couples. Starring Elisabeth Moss as a Handmaid who is called Offred, but whose real name is June, the show has excavated small details mentioned in the book and spun them into plotlines that will extend the drama through its second season (and, presumably, beyond). In the penultimate episode, for instance, Moira (Samira Wiley), June's best friend from college, bolted from Jezebels, the brothel in which she was forced to work after she was caught having escaped from a Handmaids training center. In the finale, Moira makes it to Ontario, Canada, where she is given refugee status. June's husband, Luke (O-T Fagbenle), presumed dead in the book, is also in Ontario, having survived being shot as he, June, and their daughter Hannah (Jordana Blake) tried to get out of Gilead in the first episode of the show. And the complicated cruelty of Serena Joy (Yvonne Strahovski) and Commander Fred Waterford (Joseph Fiennes), who subject June to a monthly rape-as-conception ritual called the Ceremony, has been expanded upon — in particular Serena's instrumental role in setting up the structural misogyny in Gilead that has, by its design, disempowered her. In a distinct act of malice in the finale, Serena takes June to see that Hannah is still alive, but living with another family.
But despite one important twist — that she is indeed pregnant — June's final moments in Season 1 play out exactly as Offred's did in Atwood's novel. When a black van — generally a sign of doom in Gilead — comes for her, Nick (Max Minghella), the Waterfords' driver and June's lover, urges her to go with it. As June leaves the house Serena and the Commander are panicked, because their pregnant Handmaid is leaving for an unknown fate, and because their authority has been steamrolled. Stepping into the van, June delivers the final words of Offred's story, as originally written by Atwood, in a voiceover: "Whether this is my end or a new beginning, I have no way of knowing. I have given myself over to the hands of strangers. I have no choice; it can't be helped. And so I step up, into the darkness within; or else the light." Miller said that although "it wasn't written in stone," he assumed when he began writing the pilot that Season 1 would end with the novel's cliffhanger ending. He said: "I read the book a long time ago, and it was absolutely burned into my brain, the ending. Because it's so" — he paused, sighing audibly — "in some ways, it was so frustrating; in some ways, it was so satisfying. It was full of hope and dread." After June gets into the van, she looks into the camera in a moment which echoes the empowered conclusion of the first episode, in which June vows to survive. She is serene; Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers' "American Girl" plays over the credits. (In the pilot episode, June's anthem is Lesley Gore's "You Don't Own Me.") "The nice thing is that at the end of the first season, she finds a little bit of calm, even in not knowing," Miller continued. "It's hard for us to do, but in some ways, that's the lesson of the conclusion of the book: I don't have any choice, I'm putting myself in the hands of strangers. Which is what, as an audience member, you have to do with the storytellers you're dealing with." There is, though, a final chapter in the novel, called "Historical Notes." Set at an academic conference in the year 2195, readers learn that Gilead fell, and that Offred's story was put together based on 30 cassette tapes found in a house in Maine, which she probably visited as she tried to get to Canada. What ultimately happened to her is unknown. Miller, who is working with the show's other writers toward a likely spring 2018 debut for Season 2, disputed that "Historical Notes" shows June heading straight toward freedom. "The people in the future guess those things happened — they have no idea. They don't even know who Offred was," Miller said. "We certainly have used that stuff as a guidepost and a point of discussion the same way Margaret used it: They're discussing what possibly might have happened next." But, he said, "I think we're far away from settling Offred in an armchair in Ontario."
The backbone of the show's narrative will continue to be June's determination to live, and to reunite with her family. From her actions in the finale — in which she leads a rebellion of Handmaids asked to stone to death one of their own, the troubled Janine (Madeline Brewer), as punishment for endangering a child — it appears that June will be instrumental in whatever the coming uprisings are. The Season 1 finale begins with a flashback to June's first day at the Red Center where Handmaids are trained, as she reflects on how scared they all were then. Things have changed, though: "We don't look at each other that way anymore," she says in the voiceover. "It's their own fault. They should have never given us uniforms if they didn't want us to be an army." It's quite the tonal evolution from the show's bleak premiere, in which every interaction is laced with fear. "They're still under a really brutal and mercurial totalitarian thumb," Miller said. "But they also have found their own power and their own voice, even if it's in a small way — ways they can influence the world around them. They're not terrified; they're not paralyzed." June's new DGAF approach is also apparent when she rips into Serena for the latter's ostentatious torture in revealing June's daughter Hannah to her. After finding out June is pregnant, Serena takes her to a wealthy neighborhood, where she goes into a house. Serena then comes out showing off Hannah, as June impotently beats on the car's locked doors and windows, screaming as loudly as she can. Wordlessly, Serena returns to the car. "She is a beautiful girl, Offred," she says coldly. "And she's happy. And she's well-taken care of. Listen to me: As long as my baby is safe, so is yours." At this, June launches into an enraged, obscene monologue of all the things she's wanted to say, calling Serena "deranged," a "goddamn motherfucking monster," and a "fucking heartless, sadistic, motherfucking evil cunt." As a coup de grâce, June invokes sin and punishment — Serena's core beliefs — when she says, "Serena, you are going to burn in goddamn motherfucking hell, you crazy evil bitch."
Miller said it was a crucial scene for him to write for both characters, especially with June leaving the house and their future interactions up in the air. "This pot of water has been boiling for a long time," he said. "I was so proud of Offred as a character, not only for having the bravery to say it, but for having the capacity to distill this woman down to a really clear definition of what the hell she is, as far as Offred sees. She doesn't just call her names. She lays out: You're going to burn in hell. The religion you believe in is going to punish you because you are a terrible human being. "But also, more essentially," Miller continued, "that showed a degree of perspective and bravery on the part of June that shows how far she's come in the season." Plus, he said with a laugh, "Wasn't it fun to hear all of that stuff?" Going forward, the current political climate — which has given the show an eerie resonance — will continue to influence The Handmaid's Tale: particularly the unstable mood of today's world. "I certainly feel like we're in a troubling and complicated and accelerating time period where things happen very quickly," Miller said. "And we're concerned that things are going to get scary and out of control — it's an unsteady time. That ties very well into the way June was feeling as the fist of Gilead was closing quietly on America. There are definitely conversations about that, and definitely we're making straight-line connections to things that are happening now."
In Season 1, one direct connection between our world and Gilead was the radicalization of Nick, an angry, lost young man who ends up enlisted by his employment counselor into the Sons of Jacob, the sect of Christian zealots which eventually takes over Gilead. Without tying Nick's story to a specific ideology, Miller said: "It's a huge issue in the world right now: how those particular conversations happen, how young, mostly men get radicalized. It is a huge issue. Our civilization is pivoting on lots of these little conversations." Miller also said that the show's approach to race might change after he absorbed the critiques of his decision to change Gilead from the racist-led society of the novel, to a multiracial one in which "fertility trumps everything", as he told BuzzFeed News in April. The show, which features actors of color in the lead roles of Moira, Luke, and Nick, was criticized by some on social media and in essays that it had ignored race to a fault. Miller said he has paid close attention to those conversations, which he called "wonderful" and "respectful." "It was a big change from the book, and I knew what I was doing when we decided to do it," he said. "But still, it's so interesting to hear the conversations people are having and the stuff that's coming my way that has given me a lot to think about and a lot to address moving forward. "In the first season, we didn't hit a natural point where it was a story we wanted to tell. But it's always on our radar, how to address that in small and big ways," he said.
As with everything regarding Season 2, Miller would not be specific — "no comment!" he said when asked whether June might leave Gilead soon and, if so, whether its characters will still be central to the show. "We're going to be in both places next season," he said, meaning Gilead and Canada. About the broad ideas behind the second season, Miller said: "It's really about chickens coming home to roost. There are so many atrocities that the state has committed. How are those going to get out into the world, and how is that going to affect Gilead?" While the show might be moving on past the book, Miller said the novel's ethos is embedded in its DNA. "The Atwood style of The Handmaid's Tale is there's nothing but things that drive you insane, and questions you want answered." He continued: "Famously, the last line of the book is, 'Are there any questions?' And the answer for me was always, Fuck yeah, there's a ton of questions!"
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia — Saudi Arabia's King Salman on Wednesday appointed his 31-year-old son Mohammed bin Salman as crown prince, placing him firmly as first-in-line to the throne and removing the country's counterterrorism czar and a figure well-known to Washington from the royal line of succession.
In a series of royal decrees carried on the state-run Saudi Press Agency, the monarch stripped Prince Mohammed bin Nayef, who had been positioned to inherit the throne, from his title as crown prince and from his powerful position as the country's interior minister overseeing security.
The newly announced Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman already oversees a vast portfolio as defense minister and head of an economic council tasked with overhauling the country's economy. He had previously been the second-in-line to the throne as deputy crown prince, though royal watchers had long suspected his rise to power under his father's reign might also accelerate his ascension to the throne.
The young prince was little known to Saudis and outsiders before Salman became king in January 2015. He had previously been in charge of his father's royal court when Salman was the crown prince.
The Saudi monarch, who holds near absolute powers, quickly awarded his son expansive powers to the surprise of many within the royal family who are more senior and more experienced than Mohammed bin Salman, also known as MBS.
By PETE IACOBELLI
AP Sports Writer
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) - Brian Bowen is reaming in the NBA draft after the NCAA told South Carolina he would miss at least all next season before he would be eligible to play as the federal investigation into college basketball continues.
Bowen announced his decision to stay in the NBA draft through the school on Wednesday.
The decision means Bowen, the one-time Louisville recruit who transferred to the Gamecocks in January, won't ever play in college. He was suspended by Louisville after the school said it was being investigated as part of the federal corruption probe into the sport.
The federal complaint stated an Adidas executive and others attempted to funnel $100,000 to a recruit's family for him to play at Louisville. Details in the documents made clear investigators were referring to Bowen.
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin ­laid out on Friday guidelines to loosen Wall Street regulation — but kept in place one of the most powerful and controversial regulators from the Obama era.
Loosening regulation will encourage growth in the capital markets — including pushing more companies to go public, Mnuchin said in a 232-page report.
“By streamlining the regulatory system, we can make the US capital markets a true source of economic growth which will harness American ingenuity and allow small businesses to grow,” Mnuchin said in a statement.
While the guidelines touch on everything from stock exchanges to derivatives and securities, some Wall Street watchers were surprised that they did little to scale back the regulatory body that designates “too big to fail” companies.
That body, ­known as the Financial Stability Oversight Council, was created under ­ the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law to oversee banks and other institutions with ­more than $500 billion in assets.
FSOC's aim was to keep the large financial institutions from failing and needing additional ­government-funded bailouts.
But FSOC has also been a lightning rod for criticism.
Neel Kashkari, president of the Minneapolis Federal Reserve, has doubted whether the council would end “too big to fail.”
Among FSOC's biggest weapons was slapping a company with the “systemically important financial institution,” or SIFI, designation.
Such a label would require the company to hold larger cash margins.
FSOC put the SIFI label on MetLife, which sued the government claiming the designation was placed erroneously. The ­case is pending.
In April, President Trump signed an executive order directing Mnuchin to review FSOC, its designation process and whether it's fair — an order that critics hoped would gut the regulator.
But that hasn't happened.
“The subtext of the Treasury report is that they're generally going to leave FSOC alone,” Norm Champ, a partner at Kirkland & Ellis who was previously the director of the SEC's investment management decision, told The Post.
The report does go on to recommend that the US should ease up on registration rules for companies looking to go public, noting that the number of public companies in the US has dropped by almost 50 percent in the past ­20 years.
“Improperly tailored regulatory burden can benefit the largest companies, which are better positioned to absorb the costs, and discourage competition from new entrants,” Treasury said in the report.
Even with few dramatic right turns in the report, opponents of Trump's business-friendly agenda warned the report would harm savers and benefit big investors.
“Its new report is a jambalaya of recommendations that cooks Main Street as it feeds Wall Street,” Bart Naylor, a financial policy advocate at Public Citizen, said in a statement.
April 12, 2017
Written by Ameed Taylor
Google rolled out a variety of new and enhanced Cloud Machine Learning Services at the recently concluded Google Cloud Next Conference.
One of the more useful developments from an Enterprise standpoint are the full set of API's and pretrained models that are currently available on GCP.
This video outlines use cases and code samples for 5 of the currently available API's.
A couple found dead at home in Aberdeen, killed each other in a fatal final row, writes The Scottish Sun. The paper says Karen Flett, 57, and husband William, 56, - who had been married for 37 years - both suffered knife wounds in the tussle in July.
Like many of Tuesday's front pages, the i newspaper focuses on Brexit. Theresa May will press for Britain to enter into a temporary customs deal with the European Union in 2019 to avoid chaos on the day after Brexit as ministers begin to detail their approach to historic withdrawal talks, reports the paper.
The Times claims that the Chancellor Philip Hammond has won a cabinet battle for a business-friendly Brexit transition that could leave Britain unable to strike free-trade deals for years after it has left the European Union.
In other news, the Home Office has been forced to back down from almost 13,000 immigration appeals in the past five years, according to figures obtained by The National through Freedom of Information legislation.
Under the headline Wanted: 500 Teachers To Fill Posts in Scotland's Schools, The Herald writes that councils facing some of the most acute shortages include Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire and Moray, while Glasgow and Edinburgh also have significant numbers of unfilled vacancies.
Catholic Church leaders are to hold talks with the Scottish government amid escalating concerns about the level of religious hate crime in Scotland, says The Scotsman.
The decision to silence Big Ben in London for four years is "entirely bonkers", according to a senior MP quoted in The Telegraph. It comes as a £29m renovation begins on the Elizabeth Tower, where Big Ben is housed.
Millions of rail users will find out this morning how much more they will have to pay from next year when officials reveal the latest inflation figures. The Daily Mail predicts that commuters face the highest hike in rail fares in five years.
Ryanair is calling for airports to limit holidaymakers alcoholic drinks by banning them before 10am and giving a two drink limit after an investigation found that drunken passenger arrests increased by 50%, says the Daily Express.
A teenager on bail for two sex assaults lured a victim to a deserted park with a Facebook fraud, writes the Daily Record. The paper says that 19-year-old Kyle Laing posed as a woman called Iona and set up a meeting with his victim, who was advertising clothes for sale.
Sprint legend Usain Bolt put his World Athletics heartbreak behind him with a £15,000 "bubbly boozefest" claims the Daily Star.
New Barnet head coach Graham Westley was delighted with his young side's battling display in the 3-1 defeat at Mansfield Town this afternoon.
Bottom club Barnet had their moments in a game in which they soaked up a lot of pressure and, 3-0 down, managed to produce a grandstand finish after being gifted a late reply.
“I thought it was a very encouraging day at the office,” said Westley.
“Mansfield are an expensively assembled squad. They have quality sitting in the stand and they have quality on the bench.
“They can bring lads like Spencer and Miller off the bench so it was always going to be a tough ask. They have been building since pre-season towards where they are now at the top end of the table.
“If you look at the match stats you'll see a match that was pretty balanced on possession and we had a lot of shots for an away side.
“We played with a purpose and a thrust and decent enough quality. Over 90 minutes a couple of errors have cost us. Those errors are easily cured.
“We have come here and shows great appetite, a good consistency in our willingness to pass the ball and build play, good ownership of the ball in an away ground – there were so many positives and we know we're only going to get better.
“We are in the early stages, it's the third game we've played together.
“The most important thing today was the character I saw at 3-0 down. We stayed on the front foot and kept building to go forward.
“I saw lost of positives against a good outfit.”
He added: “These are tough games to win away to top teams at any level. They are top teams as they have top players who know the level and know the score, who know the game and play it well.
“Mansfield have a lot of boys with experience at this level.
“We have a lot of younger players who are progressing upwards and will take their time to find their feet at this level.
“We haven't got a lot of experience, but we have got a lot of energy and willingness to learn.”
Knicks castoff becomes unlikely playoff maestro MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Beno Udrih is doing his best to make sure the Memphis Grizzlies can ease Mike Conley and Tony Allen back into the lineup from their injuries. Udrih...
The 5 worst Knicks losses of the season MINNEAPOLIS — Happy 40th, Knicks. Team Titanic's Monday meltdown in Motown gave the Knicks their 40th defeat of the season. With a 21-40 record, they will need to go 20-1...
Which bought out players will thrive in new home? A veteran NBA observer said something prescient recently about the furor surrounding buyout candidates in the 10 days or so between the trade deadline and the March 1 deadline for...
Carmelo Anthony misses practice, will play vs. Heat Carmelo Anthony missed practice. But he won't miss Miami. The Knicks announced their superstar forward — the NBA's second-best scorer whose 28.2 ppg average contains totals of 44, 35, 44...
Jimmer may draw look from Knicks with Felton in doubt Raymond Felton's future is in doubt and the Knicks just cut Beno Udrih, so the team figures to be in the market for a point guard. And while Jimmer Fredette...
Knicks waive Metta, Beno — and could replace both today As expected, the Knicks' two-pronged divorce from Metta World Peace and Beno Udrih became official Monday before their devastating 110-108 loss to the Mavericks at the Garden. And so now...
Knicks may turn to Diogu The Knicks are mulling whether to use one of their two roster spots on power forward Ike Diogu, who impressed the team during training camp but was released, according to...
Woodson: Knicks looking to buy out World Peace, Udrih ATLANTA — Say goodbye to World Peace. Knicks coach Mike Woodson said Saturday the club is working on a contract buyout for Queensbridge's Metta World Peace and for Beno Udrih,...
Melo: Knicks have to move on from trade deadline ORLANDO, Fla. — Carmelo Anthony isn't sure whether the Knicks standing pat at the trade deadline while their competitors improved was the right or wrong thing to do. But he...
Senate Asks Presidency to Resubmit Confab Report
The Senate has asked the Presidency to immediately submit the 2014 national conference report to it for legislative action.
Adopting a motion on the need for unity and peaceful coexistence in the country, the upper legislative chamber said that although the report was sent to the National Assembly by former President Goodluck Jonathan early in 2015, exactly a week before the end of the tenure of the seventh National Assembly, the document has to be resubmitted now because the last submission was no longer valid.
The move by the lawmakers to consider the report is in response to the calls by Nigerians and groups for the recommendations to be implemented to check mutual distrust among the ethnic groups and address perceived imbalances in the political and administrative structures of the country that often cause agitations that threaten national unity.
Amending the original prayer as sponsored by the Senate Leader, Lawal Ahmed, Mao Ohuabunwa had proposed that the Senate should request the Presidency to submit the 2014 confab report for appropriate legislative action.
The proposal was upheld and, immediately added to the substantive motion. But providing an explanation on the report, the Deputy President of the Senate, Ike Ekweremadu who presided over the session, informed his colleagues that the document ought to be resubmitted to the National Assembly because the submission made by Jonathan had elapsed.
President Muhammadu Buhari and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) have been opposed to the implementation of the confab report.
But other prominent Nigerians, including former Vice president Atiku Abubakar and Noble Laureate Prof. Wole Soyinka, have consistently canvassed the restructuring of the country in order to address some of the imbalances causing agitations for separation among the ethnic nationalities in the country.
When the question was raised yesterday as to whether the report of the confab should be forwarded to the Senate, there was an overwhelming voice approval.
The Senate urged Nigerians to live together in unity and harmony as one indivisible, indissoluble sovereign nation under God.
The chamber admonished all citizens to desist from actions and utterances that are capable of jeopardising the corporate existence of the nation.
The lawmakers adopted the prayer that they should embark on a sensitisation campaign in their various constituencies to highlight the importance of harmonious and peaceful coexistence, while the Federal Government will have to direct the Federal Ministry of Information and the National Orientation Agency (NOA) and other relevant agencies to intensify enlightenment and advocacy of loyalty to the nation.
In their contributions, Ohuabunwa stressed the need to create one additional state in the south-east geo-political zone as part of measures to douse tension in the area.
Godswill Akpabio noted that perceived ethnic persecution generates agitations and restiveness in the country. “Whenever a section comes to power, it tries to press down other sections,” he said.
The lawmakers agreed that the unity and peaceful coexistence of all the citizens are sacred, notwithstanding, their ethnic differences. They said no country in history has ever survived a second civil war.
Meanwhile, in the House of Representatives, the lawmakers queried the Federal Government's claim that it has so far expended N41.714 billion on the implementation of the four components of its Social Investment Programme (SIP).
In a motion by the Chairman, House Committee on Economic Recession, Bode Ayorinde, the lawmakers said it was strange for the government to assert so when “less than 25 million meals have been served under the National Homegrown School Feeding Programmes.”
Leading the debate, Ayorinde noted that the feeding plan was part of the four components of the programme, among which are job creation, conditional cash transfer (CCT) and enterprises promotion. He urged the government to carry out a systematic implementation of the scheme to ensure thoroughness across the 36 states.
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Senate Asks Presidency to Resubmit Confab Report appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
News analysis
WASHINGTON — House Republicans and their allies have long argued that the House memo released Friday would demonstrate that the Trump-Russia investigation had its roots in an FBI fraud.
But the Republican memo doesn't support that theory, even if everything alleged in it is true. (And Democrats, the FBI and the Justice Department insist that much in the memo is deeply misleading.)
Before the memo was released, House Republicans said it would show that the entire investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller was based on an improper act: a reliance by the FBI on a tainted dossier, funded by Democrats and written by a former British intelligence operative.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed What does the GOP memo mean for Robert Mueller's investigation? 3:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Judicial Watch's Tom Fitton, a right-wing activist cited on Twitter Friday by President Donald Trump, has called the Mueller investigation the “fruit of the poison tree” that “needs to be shut down.” The poisonous-tree legal metaphor means, essentially, that if the government obtains evidence from illegal acts, it can't use that evidence to prosecute somebody.
But now that the memo is out, such arguments have been called deeply into question. As the memo makes clear, the Mueller investigation did not grow out of the dossier, and the memo sheds no light on what role, if any, the dossier has played in the special counsel's inquiry.
The memo argues that the FBI misled the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court about the basis for its application to eavesdrop on a former Trump campaign aide, Carter Page. That surveillance began in October 2016, after the investigation was well under way. It was renewed another three times, the memo says — twice during the Trump administration. In all, a Democratic congressional source told NBC News, four separate federal judges examined the matter, under a detailed process that requires the FBI agent to say how she knows all the facts she is asserting.
FBI Director Robert Mueller testifies during a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Alex Wong / Getty Images file
But as the memo itself makes clear, the FBI investigation into possible Trump campaign collusion began in July 2016, and did not center on the dossier.
The memo points out that it was information about a different Trump aide, George Papadopoulos, that led the FBI to begin investigating. According to The New York Times, an Australian diplomat passed on a tip that Papadopoulos seemed to know that the Russian government had access to Democratic emails.
So the Page surveillance, whatever the problems with it, can't fairly be called the fruit of the tree that became the sprawling Mueller investigation. In fact, it's not clear if Page is still relevant to the current investigation.
Republicans say the FBI withheld important facts from the judges about the Page surveillance application; Democrats and the FBI say that is not true. That is an interesting dispute, but it sheds no light on the question of whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia, or whether the president obstructed justice.
But even if the memo doesn't prove what Republicans said it would, it may still have achieved something significant for Trump and his allies. It provides grist to those people — including Trump himself — who are searching for any kind of evidence that the criminal investigation of the president is improper. It's a formerly top-secret document that muddies up the water, vaguely suggesting that all is not well with Mueller's probe.
It may pave the way for Trump to stop cooperating with the investigation, for example, or to decline to be interviewed by Mueller, citing bias.
"I think it's a disgrace what's going on in this country," Trump said in the Oval Office, just after he declassified the memo. "A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that."
Democrats say it is Trump and House Republicans who should be ashamed.
"The release of this memo by House Intelligence Committee Republicans and the White House, over the objections of the FBI and the Department of Justice, is reckless and demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth,” said Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the ranking Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee.
Federal contractors are building eight prototypes of President Trump's proposed border wall with Mexico — including this one as seen from the Mexican side of the border near Tijuana.
Authorities kept the press and onlookers nearly three miles away on the American side, but the prototype — which appears to be about 30 feet tall — can be seen up close from Mexican territory.
The development suggests Trump is inching closer to fulfilling one of his campaign promises — though there is no guarantee that it will be fully funded or survive court challenges.
A complaint filed last week by California Attorney General Xavier Becerra, a Democrat, mirrors two others by environmental groups that allege the administration overstepped its authority to speed up construction.
With Wires
Flat Holm decided to use this technology after Renovagen won a small business contest in 2016 for innovative use of renewable energy. “We were looking at solar and hydro, but that takes up a lot of land and land in cities is expensive,” Gareth Harcombe, Cardiff Council's energy and sustainability manager, told the BBC.
READY TO ROLL
Flat Holm's solar panels generate an average of 11KW of power, connected to batteries that can store 24KW/h. That's roughly a day's worth of energy for the island's four inhabitants, as well as for the tourists who frequent Flat Holm. Best of all, the Rapid Roll solar panels can last up to 10 years.
The Rapid Roll panels are packed in 4×4 trailers, which carry enough solar panels to power a mobile clinic with 120 beds or to desalinate 25,000 liters of seawater daily, and is particularly suited for Flat Holm's environmental and logistical needs. “Compared with traditional rigid panels, we can fit up to 10 times the power in this size container,” Hingley explained to the BBC.
According to Renovagen's website, the Rapid Roll system was designed above all for fast deployment. That's particularly useful in areas that don't have ready-access to a regular energy source, like Flat Holm, or for areas devastated by natural disasters. “Indeed it has the potential to save lives by – for example, reducing or eliminating the need for military fuel convoys or by powering medical facilities in disaster zones.”
In Puerto Rico, for example, which was recently struck by hurricane Maria, some places still don't have electricity. Recovery, according to CNN, has been moving at “a glacial pace.” Restoring power is crucial in disaster-stricken areas. Electricity powers communication networks and provides a modicum of normalcy in the disrupted lives of the people affected by such calamities. A staggering 55 percent of Puerto Rico's population were reported without drinkable water following Hurricane Maria. Although it may be too late this time, rapid-deploy solar panels could potentially assuage much of this kind of suffering, in the near future.
With a technology like Renovagen's Rapid Roll solar panels, restoring electricity to typhoon- and hurricane-ravaged areas won't be as difficult. As the company said in their FAQs, “it's not necessary to have solar engineers model the specific site and calculate particular solar field positions and configurations before deployment – the Rapid Roll will work anywhere and will make the most out of the set of conditions encountered.”
This article was originally published on Futurism.com.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
The embattled Silicon Valley Community Foundation hired a new law firm Tuesday to investigate what it called “a larger culture issue that needs to be addressed” amid signs of donor discontent over a wave of former workers complaining of a toxic work environment.
The announcement attributed to the foundation's board of directors came a week after Emmett D. Carson, its founding president and chief executive, publicly acknowledged an internal sexual harassment investigation of his top deputy, Mari Ellen Loijens, who resigned two days later.
Tuesday's board statement raised further questions whether Carson, whom many former workers blame for a workplace culture some called “toxic,” can survive the scandal amid signs of outrage among donors.
Los Altos Hills entrepreneur Steve Kirsch said in a letter to the editor of this news organization this week that the foundation board “needs to move quickly to remedy this failure of leadership.”
“If the board doesn't act,” Kirsch wrote, “I will look elsewhere to do my charitable investing and I suspect other major donors will as well.”
An investigative article published last Wednesday by the Chronicle of Philanthropy quoted actress and #MeToo activist Rose McGowan saying she declined to open a charitable account with the foundation after learning of dozens of worker complaints anonymously posted online. The article quoted former employees, some by name, detailing Loijens crass, lewd and demeaning remarks to employees and Carson's alleged indifference to their complaints.
Those and other former foundation workers have since confirmed those complaints and shared others with this and other news organizations, with several coming forward on social media over the past week to share their stories of harassment and humiliation.
Carson last week said the foundation had hired Cleveland-based national law firm Thompson Hine to investigate the sexual harassment complaints. The board said Tuesday it has hired the Boies Schiller Flexner firm in Palo Alto for an expanded probe led by Ann O'Leary and Robyn Crowther. O'Leary is a former San Francisco deputy city attorney and former policy advisor to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign.
The board said they will “expand the reach” of the sexual harassment investigation to include “evaluating how teams are managed, what type of working environment is being fostered and confirming that we are the type of organization where reports of misconduct are met with swift and just action.”
The board, which has 18 members including Carson, also said that the investigation will be overseen by seven directors: Sam Johnson, the current chairman, Dan'l Lewin, the incoming chairman, Julie Kwon, Wade Loo, Kate Mitchell, Thurman White and Rebecca Guerra.
“It has since become clear that we may have a larger culture issue that needs to be addressed,” the board statement said. “To that end, we remain committed to taking whatever actions will be required based on that investigation's findings.”
Before the scandal broke, Loijens was the foundation's chief fundraiser credited with helping raise more than $8 billion for the Mountain View-based non-profit that over the last decade became one of the world's largest community foundations as Silicon Valley's movers and shakers donated millions of dollars in tax-deductible charitable funds. The foundation boasts more than $13 billion in assets.
The Tahoe Sierra is a wonderland of adventure as our writers explore in this edition of Tahoe Weekly. Priya Hutner explores the extreme adrenaline rush of the G forces of flying with Sky Combat Ace. Take the controls for yourself (yes, you get to fly yourself) over the breathtaking waters of Lake Tahoe and vistas of Desolation Wilderness as you experience barrel rolls and dives.
Sean McAlindin takes in the fall beauty of a sunset mountain bike ride on Sawtooth trail with stunning views of the Truckee River Canyon. This moderate trail is a classic Tahoe mountain bike ride you'll want to add to your bucket list.
Or, take in a leisurely stroll along the lakeside Kings Beach Art Walk featuring the art of local artists and school children on the new art banner exhibit throughout town while enjoying the hamlet's shops and dining. And don't forget to take a walk on the sandy beach; one of the largest on Tahoe's shores.
Sign up & win
We have restaurant gift certificates, rounds of golf, mountain bike rentals and more to give away. To enter our fall contest, visit TheTahoeWeekly.com and click on “Subscribe to our Newsletter” button. Sign up for our e-newsletter by Oct. 15 and you'll be entered. We'll be giving away prizes every week.
Screenshots
In the video, Lynch actually says, "Ordinary people who simply saw what needed to be done and came together and supported those ideals, who have made a difference. They're marched, they've bled, yes, some of them have died." This is not the first time Lynch has been the subject of disinformation.
Months later, on Dec. 31, I reflect back on the year, kicking myself. I always wish I had accomplished more.
I never manage to solidify my resolutions, and sometimes I forget to make them at all. It's amazing how quickly a year can slip away from us if we're not intentional about our actions.
The problem with resolutions
When it comes to resolutions, many of us have one of three problems.
Our resolutions are:
• Unrealistic (Hitting the gym for 365 days straight doesn't take illness, holidays or rest days into account.)
• Ambiguous ("Losing weight" or "saving money" isn't clearly defined.)
• Unfocused (Even the goal to "save $500 this year" is useless without a specific plan of action.)
This year, take a new approach: monthly resolutions.
Here are five steps to ensure each month is as inspiring as the last (and each month offers a new, clean slate to start again).
Step 1: Write down all aspirations
Grab a piece of paper and start writing. What didn't you accomplish in 2016 that you wanted to? What have you always wanted to learn or do? Where have you wanted to go? Who did you want to see?
Step 2: Cross half of them out
We are all dreamers and that's okay ... but there's a point when we have to admit to ourselves that not all of our dreams can be accomplished at once.
By cutting your list in half, you'll have a fighting chance at fulfilling a few dreams rather than attempting — and perhaps failing — at many.
Step 3: Clarify how you will complete them
Once you've narrowed down your list, spend some time figuring out how you're going to complete each resolution.
Here's the part where the new month-to-month approach comes into play. If you have one overall goal to save money throughout the year, set monthly goals to achieve that.
In January, your resolution could be not eaten out and instead put that money into savings.
In February, you could spend the month donating plasma or doing side jobs for extra cash on the side.
In March, set your budgets and challenge yourself to a cash-only method of payment to limit excessive spending.
If you have multiple resolutions you want to complete, use the 12 months to your advantage, accomplishing a new aspiration each month.
If you want to lose three pounds, challenge yourself to 31 days of fitness in January.
Use February to finally learn how to snowboard by scheduling lessons throughout the month. In March, take the time to meal plan to save time and money on busy nights.
Step 4: Print a calendar and add resolutions
Once you've determined your monthly resolutions, get two blank calendars: one to write down resolutions for each individual month (planned in advance) and another for daily tracking — to record the money you've saved, appointments you've made or simply to check off each day's accomplishments (like working out).
Step 5: Hang calendar where visible
Now all you have to do is hang your resolution calendar somewhere where you can see it every day. (I suggest on the fridge, the inside of your bathroom cabinet or inside your front door.)
The new year is the best time to set goals for all the bucketlist dreams we've always wanted to accomplish.
We have to admit that sometimes it takes a little extra push — and a detailed plan — to get us motivated.
But once we are off the ground and running, we are unstoppable. And that's exactly the kind of year I hope you have.
Free printable calendars
For two custom, printable PDF calendars designed specifically for monthly resolutions, visit alexandrafloersch.areavoices.com. One is a 12-month resolution calendar, allowing you to write in month-to-month resolutions for the year. (Users can utilize the space at the bottom for year-long resolutions that don't necessarily fit with the month-to-month method). The other is a universal, daily calendar to track your resolutions for each day of the month.
World champions Germany qualified for the 2018 World Cup in Russia on Thursday night with a 3-1 victory over Northern Ireland. Sebastian Rudy scored the opener after two minutes and Sandro Wagner added the second mid way thorugh the first half.
Joshua Kimmerich added the gloss four minutes from time before the hosts salvaged some pride with a stoppage time consolation goal from Josh Magennis.
It was Germany's ninth consecutive win in Group C. Despite the defeat Northern Ireland remain second in the group and in line to qualify for next month's play-offs for a berth in next summer's football fest.
"We're off to Russia, to tear it up! We want to successfully defend the World Cup title," said Bayern Munich midfielder Rudy following his first international goal.
Germany beat Argentina 1-0 at the Maracana in Rio de Janiero to claim the 2014 World Cup. While the Germans have been imperious during their qualifying camapign, Argentina have struggled in the South American qualifying zone.
On Thursday night, Argentina drew 0-0 with Peru to leave them sixth - one place off the spot for a play-off.
Argentina has one last chance for automatic qualification. On 11 October they play in Ecuador and a victory there - coupled with slip ups for Chile, Colombia or Peru would allow them into one of the top four places. Argentina's arch rivals Brazil have already booked their ticket for Russia and will go to the tournament as winners of the South American qualifying zone.
The new year brings a host of new laws across the country that go into effect starting Sunday — from restrictions on holding a cell phone while driving to greater freedom for carrying a gun in public.
While many states already restrict the use of cell phones in the car, California is now taking that precaution a step further. As of Sunday, it's illegal for drivers to hold their phones behind the wheel. The devices must be mounted and can be used only for functions that require a single tap or swipe, like answering a call.
“If you're not paying attention and something happens in front of you, by the time your mind thinks about it and you react to it, it is definitely too late,” says Officer Jesus Chavez of the California Highway Patrol.
Meanwhile, Philadelphia becomes the first major American city with a tax on sugary sodas — one and a half cents an ounce. That's 24 cents for a 16-ounce drink. The industry is challenging the law in court.
Related: Philadelphia Council Passes Sweet Drink Tax
“The people who can least afford to pay it will be the ones that are paying a higher proportion of it,” says Susan Nelly of the American Beverage Association.
Berkeley, California, was the first city to impose such a sugar tax, adopting it in 2015. When Michael Bloomberg was New York's mayor, he attempted to have a similar tax imposed by the board of health, but a court said only New York's city council had that power.
And beginning on Sunday in Missouri, anyone 19 or older who owns a gun can carry it in public, concealed, without getting training or a permit. Sheriff Mike Sharp of Jackson County was among law enforcement officials who opposed the idea.
“This law would allow anybody to go get a gun, carry it, and never have to fire the weapon until they think it's necessary to use it, without any education whatsoever,” he said.
But a sponsor of the new law, State Senator Brian Munzlinger, discounted fears of more gun violence. “The basis of this whole bill is that it allows law-abiding citizens to protect themselves and their families,” he said.
California, by contrast, imposes tougher gun laws as of the first day of 2017. It's now illegal to sell most AR-15 style rifles with removable magazines, or ammunition clips, banned as assault weapons. Current owners must register them.
A collection of seized weapons seen on display. Anthony Behar / Sipa USA, file
Under a new law in Maine, doctors cannot prescribe more than a seven-day supply of such painkillers Vicodin or Percocet, or a 30-day supply for chronic pain. The measure is intended to reduce opioid abuse.
In Colorado, it's now a crime to misrepresent a pet as a service animal. The state says untrained pets interfere with real service dogs. Angela Easton, a service dog trainer, says pet owners often ask for an accessory allowing them to take their dogs almost anywhere.
Related:
Gun Fight: Is the NRA Losing Its Grip on State Legislatures?
“We get calls from people who want a service dog vest so that they could keep their dog with them all the time.”
Starting today in Illinois, bicycles have the same right of way as cars. The law was passed after a Vietnam veteran, Dennis Jurs, was killed when a driver failed to yield.
Drivers in Boston begin the new year with a lower speed limit — 25 miles an hour, down from 30, imposed to reduce traffic deaths.
And in Alabama as of Jan 1., there will be no more common law marriages. Getting married to celebrate the New Year will require a license and a ceremony, even one as simple as saying “I do” in the county courthouse.
Bloomberg Media opening ad agency amid slumping revenues Bloomberg Media is pivoting, trying to turn at least part of its business into an ad agency and marketing firm because its traditional media operations — which include the slumping...
Trump's comment about breaking up banks jolts markets An otherwise uneventful trading day on Wall Street on Monday got a middle-of-the-day scare when an off-the-cuff remark by President Trump about breaking up the banks sent markets gyrating for...
Twitter partners with Bloomberg for 24-hour news service Twitter is partnering with Bloomberg Media for a round-the-clock streaming television news service on the social networking platform, the Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday. The channel, which is yet...
Bloomberg Media loses chief revenue officer Paul Caine is out at Bloomberg Media only two years after he landed as the division's chief revenue officer. Caine told surprised staffers he is working on something that he...
Priest files $100M lawsuit against Bloomberg journalists A Greek Orthodox priest who runs a small hedge fund on the side has filed a $100 million libel and defamation suit against Bloomberg LP, along with a reporter and...
Bloomberg staffers fume over Forbes' billionaires list Bloomberg insiders are grumbling. The hard-working journalists feel ripped off by writers at Forbes who published the title's billionaires list. Specifically, they feel slighted when its comes to the facts...
Bloomberg Media CEO silences critics with early success Justin Smith, the CEO of Bloomberg Media, seems to be silencing some of his earlier critics, at least at the troubled website. In a memo Tuesday, Smith told staffers that...
Ex-Bloomberg reporter leaves 'climate of fear' for San Antonio An ex-Bloomberg reporter has left a “climate of fear” for warmer climes. Dawn Kopecki, the veteran Washington-based reporter who blasted Mike Bloomberg's company for a combative work environment before being...
Bloomberg names new politics editor One-time top New York Times editor John Geddes joined Bloomberg on Tuesday as US politics editor, in what most see as a bid to shore up the political coverage after...
You didn't need a crystal ball to know 10-year yields would hit 3 percent sooner or later.
It finally happened on Tuesday, and stocks behaved nothing like what they were expected to.
Seconds after the yield reached a psychologically important level at 9:48 a.m. in New York, the sectors reacted as expected: telecom, utilities and real estate firms, whose relatively high dividends are attractive in a lower-rate environment, sold off. Banks, which make more money when rates increase, rallied.
And then it changed: the S&P 500 Telecommunication Services Index rose 1.5 percent, triple the 0.5 percent advance in S&P 500 Financials Index as of 12:16 p.m. in New York. Utilities advanced 0.7 percent in the best rally in six sessions. Rate-sensitive real estate companies gained 0.3 percent.
The text-book example of high-dividend stocks retreating on rising rates didn't materialize on Tuesday for two reasons. For one, it's because of the earnings: telecoms are marching higher after Verizon Communications Inc.'s first-quarter EPS beat the highest estimate. Another reason utilities and real estate companies aren't selling off is because higher rates have already been priced in, according to Donald Selkin, chief market strategist at Newbridge Securities Corp.
“You would expect to see a different chart on a day when the rates finally hit 3 percent,” Selkin said. “Verizon is pushing the telecom sector higher. In general, we're not seeing the rate-sensitive stocks selling off because most of the rate move has already been priced in.”
What was expected was that yields reaching 3 percent would trigger automatic trading by algorithms and high-frequency traders. Sophisticated investors probably used the algos to trade on the yields reaching 3 percent, according to Frank Cappelleri, senior equity trader at Instinet LLC, though it's hard to quantify how big the trading was.
The turnover in consumer staples stocks, at 2.1 billion shares as of 10:35 a.m. in New York, was 30 percent higher than the average for the past month during that time of the year. About 2.2 billion shares in the KBW Bank Index changed hands as of 10:35 a.m., 10 percent more than a 30-day average of 2 billion shares at this time of the day. By early afternoon, the indexes' share turnover had subsided and was on par with the 30-day average with that time of the day.
Vikings owner and president Mark Wilf then told the two former star receivers that both will be inducted this fall into the Ring of Honor. Moss got the word in person from Wilf and Rashad received a phone call.
“I had no idea that I was going into the Ring of Honor,'' Moss said. “So I was actually speechless. … I walked down the hallway (at Winter Park), I'm looking at (pictures of Ring of Honor inductees Mick) Tingelhoff, I'm looking at (Cris) Carter, I'm looking at (Chris) Doleman. … I didn't see my jersey on that wall. So when I come out (of a room), I said, ‘Hold up, wait a minute? Did you all just put this up here?'''
Rashad had surgery on his left ankle performed last Friday by Chris Coetzee of Twin Cities Orthopedics, also the doctor who operated on Vikings safety Harrison Smith in February. Rashad remained in area to recover, and then got the call Wednesday morning from Wilf.
“Mark said, ‘Hey, what are you doing?''' Rashad said. “They didn't even know I was here, I think. … It's just absolutely fabulous news.''
After Moss was informed, he watched the remainder of practice on the second day of a three-day mandatory minicamp. Rashad then was driven to Winter Park, and watched practice on crutches. Afterward, both addressed the players.
“Randy and Ahmad are two of the most recognizable and decorated players in Vikings history,” Wilf said.
Moss played for the Vikings from 1998-2004 and briefly in 2010, catching 587 of his 982 career passes for them. Rashad was with Minnesota from 1976-82, catching 400 passes, before becoming a notable sports broadcaster.
Moss, 40, will be inducted during the Sept. 11 opener against New Orleans on Monday Night Football, a game he already had planned to attend as an ESPN analyst. Rashad, 67, will be enshrined during an Oct. 1 game against Detroit.
“I'm definitely thankful,'' Moss said. “I love this game and I played definitely with a chap on my shoulder throughout my career. Some people I rubbed wrong, some people love it. So to the people that I rubbed wrong, man, that's just what I loved to do.''
Moss burst on the scene with 69 catches for 1,313 yards and 17 touchdowns as a rookie in 1998, but had a controversial Vikings tenure. He pretended to moon fans after scoring a touchdown in a January 2005 playoff game at Green Bay, and was traded two months later.
Moss wished he could have spent his entire career with the Vikings.
“Yes, I do,'' he said. “That would have been phenomenal. … I think that sometimes my passion for the game got in the way of the business side of it. You live and you learn, you mature.''
Moss had to hold back tears when asked about his first Vikings coach Dennis Green, who died last July. Green played a key role in Moss being taken with the No. 21 pick in 1998 after he slipped in the draft because of off-the-field concerns.
“The man passed away without me really, really giving him my love and thanks for what he was able to do for me and my family,'' Moss said. “There were a lot of teams out there that passed on me for wrong reasons. Coach Green gave me that opportunity.''
Moss also played with Oakland, New England, Tennessee and San Francisco, finishing his career with 15,292 yards receiving, third in NFL history, and 156 touchdown catches, which is second. He's first eligible for the Pro Football Hall of Fame next year, and the class will be named in Minnesota the day before Super Bowl LII.
“For me to be inducted into the Hall of Fame (then), I think it would be special,'' Moss said. “I hold my hat on first-ballot, I really do.''
Rashad played in the NFL from 1972-1982, also spending time with St. Louis and Buffalo, and caught 495 passes for 6,831 yards. He made four straight Pro Bowls with the Vikings from 1978-81.
“It's the most important thing to ever happen to me and I've won Emmy awards, I've won receiving titles,'' Rashad said of the Ring of Honor. “This is closer to my heart. I always say that, ‘Once a Viking, always a Viking.'''
Moss and Rashad are the first players named to the Ring of Honor since 2013, and will bring the number enshrined to 23.
HERMITAGE, Pennsylvania (WYTV) – Hickory's girls close out the regular season with three straight wins as the topped Curwensville tonight, 64-42. The Lady Hornets are 13-9 on the season.
Senior Jillian Greenburg led Hickory with 15 points. A pair of sophomores – Jessica White and Izzy Dejulia – scored 12 and 10 points respectively.
Hannah Dixon paced all scorers with 17 for Curwensville.
GARDAI seized five vehicles during an operation in Dooradoyle this Wednesday morning.
The vehicles were impounded under the provisions of the Road Traffic Act after a number of offences were detected at a garda checkpoint near the Crescent Shopping Centre.
A spokesperson said three of the vehicles were not insured, one had no Motor Tax while one did not have a valid NCT.
After being seized, all of the vehicles were taken to a secure impound where their owners will have to pay a release fee to get them back.
It is understood that court summonses will be issued in relation to the offences.
Limerick Garda Checkpoint at Dooradoyle. 5 cars impounded. 3 no insurance, 1 no tax , 1 no nct . Summons to follow pic.twitter.com/mjcGiEWvMC — An Garda Síochána (@GardaTraffic) February 15, 2017
Separately, fixed penalty notices (€60) have been issued to a number of motorists who are accused of driving with children who were not wearing seatbelts.
The detections were made by gardai attached to Mayorstone station who mounted a checkpoint this Wednesday morning.
Mayorstone Gdai checkpoint. Advice given to parents about booster seats etc. 4 FCPNs issued to drivers for children not wearing seatbelt pic.twitter.com/Lvg2LG7rIn — An Garda Síochána (@GardaTraffic) February 15, 2017
A number of drivers were also advised about the proper use of booster seats.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Featherstone Rovers 44-18 Bradford Bulls
A dominant first half display saw Featherstone Rovers consolidate their top four position with victory over Bradford Bulls, who remain on -2 points.
Misi Taulapapa gave Featherstone the lead with a brilliant acrobatic finish in the corner before Josh Hardcastle and Scott Turner saw the Rovers notch three tries within the opening 15 minutes.
Andy Bostock extended the lead on the half hour before Cory Aston added two more tries, either side of Turner also earning his brace for a 38-0 half time lead.
Ross Oakes' interception try to saw Bradford start the second period on top but Darrell Griffin went over for Featherstone moments later.
Bostock's and Taulapapa's sinbinnings saw the Bulls score three tries to Featherstone's one in second half as Oakes and Omari Caro restored some credit late on.
A full roundup of today's Super League and Championship action will be available in Monday's League Express.
ROVERS: Hardman, Taulapapa, Ulugia, Hardcastle, Turner, Thackeray, Aston, Cooper, Carlile, Moore, Knowles, Davies, Lockwood. Subs: Griffin, Wildie, Ormondroyd, Bostock.
BULLS: Campbell, Macani, Oakes, Ryan, Caro, Thomas, Keyes, Magrin, Moore, Kirk, Bentley, Larroyer, Wilkinson. Subs: Halafihi, Davies, Hodgson, Tomlinson.
Like many Midwestern cities, Cleveland, Ohio, has struggled in recent years with its post-industrial identity. However, on the shores of Lake Erie, a new motorcycle company has emerged out of the ashes of an old rubber factory. “We are Cleveland” is its motto.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed A motorcycle's journey from Cleveland to Asia and back again 7:08 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“Cleveland is blue collar,” says Scott Colosimo, the lead designer and founder of Cleveland Cyclewerks. “Cleveland's working class. It's not flashy. It's gritty.”
Cleveland Cyclewerks was a dream project for Colosimo, who has a degree in automotive design from the Cleveland Institute of Art. After graduating, he found the transition from school to the automotive industry was not what he expected.
When the economy took a nosedive in 2008 and he was laid off, Colosimo knew he couldn't go back to a corporate job.
After years of filling sketchbooks with designs and constantly tinkering and customizing motorcycles in his garage, he shared his unique idea for a new motorcycle company with a former colleague, Jarrod Streng. Colosimo's “back of the napkin” vision for a small to mid-sized bike brand with affordable price tags impressed Streng so much that the two of them went into business the very next day.
“We bootstrapped a motorcycle company, which is pretty insane,” says Colosimo. “We started with $9,000.”
The company was founded on a design aesthetic that was the opposite of the big, loud, heavy and expensive bikes most Americans prefer. Colosimo's simple, retro-inspired designs were different and took direct inspiration from his hometown.
At the heart of this ambitious new company was the idea of bringing manufacturing back to Cleveland. Colosimo and Streng knew they would never be able to set up shop like a traditional motorcycle or car manufacturer. As newcomers to the field, their business plan called for finding local partners to help the company get started and grow.
“The response I got in the United States was pretty much like, ‘you're crazy, not interested,'” says Colosimo. “It was pretty depressing.”
Could Shoring Be the Answer to Bringing American Jobs Back?
The door shut in their face again and again. So they decided that the goal of getting the bike made trumped the goal of making it in the United States-- at least in the short term.
“We couldn't find anybody to make it for us here in the U.S.,” says Streng. “So fast forward six months, after continuing trying and hitting one wall after the next, we shipped the bike off to China and Scott followed it shortly behind.”
The experience turned out to be a sobering lesson in manufacturing a product overseas versus making it in America.
“The one thing that was absolutely amazing to me was nobody said ‘no,'” says Colosimo. “Every single factory that I went to in China, they didn't ask me my age. They didn't care how old I was. They looked at the idea for what it was and they said, ‘How many? How long?'"
As it turned out, manufacturers in the United States were not relating to the product.
Cleveland Cyclewerks bikes are made in Asia, which an issue for some looking closely at the brand.
In Asia, small motorbikes outnumber cars, and demand is high. Suddenly, it seemed obvious to Colosimo and Streng that they should make and sell their bikes there. They set out to get some traction in Asia, and decided to worry about the American market later.
“Our bikes in Asia are viewed as American style,” says Streng. “And if you spend time in Asia, you know, they love American music, they love American culture, the lifestyle, the image. So our bikes appeal to them.”
American-Made in Asia? A New International Strategy
The irony of a bike with a brand name like Cleveland Cyclewerks being made in Asia is still an issue for some looking closely at the brand. However, Colosimo has carefully thought through his position on this.
“If you look at what people would typically consider the American motorcycle, they would be shocked at the [amount of] content that is not made here, because it's significant,” says Colosimo.
Colosimo and Streng have created a modern international business with the design, development, and engineering done in Cleveland and most of the manufacturing done in Asia, closer to their largest customer base.
Now, after making tens of thousands of bikes and earning a good reputation in the industry, Cleveland Cyclewerks is finally getting back to their original plan of bringing some of the bike manufacturing and assembly to America.
“So we do currently manufacture a lot of aftermarket components here,” says Colosimo. He and Streng are determined to keep the brains of the operation in Cleveland. “We're starting U.S. assembly, which is great. We are starting to manufacture chassis, gas tanks, and large components here. So it goes full circle.”
Streng and Colosimo are proud of their ability to provide jobs in the United States and beyond.
Cleveland Cyclewerks founder Scott Colosimo hopes to bring manufacturing back to the American midwest.
“I can say, without a doubt, Cleveland Cyclewerks would not exist if I didn't go overseas to make this happen,” says Colosimo. “I wouldn't have all the employees we have. I wouldn't own the factory I have in the U.S. We wouldn't be manufacturing here now.”
Now, as they approach their tenth year in business, it may be a bigger milestone than they ever expected.
“Somebody told us that once we reach our 10-year anniversary, we'll have been the first motorcycle company in the U.S. in the last 50 years to have started and had the staying power as a brand that we've been able to achieve,” says Streng.
After a lot of blood, sweat, and tears — and surviving so long in a tough industry — Cleveland Cyclewerks seems to have worked out the kinks and created a brand that is here to stay.
Project info
Seoul, South Korea enjoys a large foreigner population. A segment of the Itaewon district holds a large and eclectic group of foreigners, mostly Muslim, gay, or otherwise "fringe" society in otherwise homogenous Seoul. A community of outcasts, this community is vibrant with cooks, musicians, artists, engineers, and world travelers in search of the next adventure. Spending a day making portraits of the otherwise forgotten community made their day, and gave them a sense of being they had left behind.
Marcus Hutchins, the British cybersecurity researcher who in May stopped the worldwide WannaCry ransomware attack — and then was arrested by the FBI — pleaded not guilty Monday to all six charges against him.
Hutchins, 23, was known only to the public by his pseudonym MalwareTechBlog until May, when the WannaCry ransomware began crippling Windows 7 systems around the world, including a significant number of networks used by the UK National Health Service. He was called a national hero when he analyzed the code and found a kill switch, effectively halting the attack. But the FBI arrested him in July, when he visited Las Vegas during two hacker conferences, and said he helped create and sell Kronos, a little-used malware written to steal banking credentials.
A former Electronic Frontier Foundation attorney who's working with Hutchins, Marcia Hoffman, told BuzzFeed News that he pleaded not guilty to all six counts.
From the start, the charges were met with skepticism from fellow researchers, some of whom argued that someone who researches malware would, by definition, tinker with malicious code. Orin Kerr, a leading scholar of US hacking laws, openly questioned whether the charges against Hutchins were “too aggressive” and whether the case would lead to a ruling on whether it is a crime to simply create malware.
In an unsealed court transcript, prosecutor Daniel Cowhig claimed both that Hutchins had admitted creating Kronos and expecting to be paid for it and that his unnamed partner, who allegedly sold it on the now defunct dark web black market AlphaBay, was still at large and wanted by the FBI.
Hutchins will be allowed to stay in Los Angeles while he awaits trial, according to Marcy Wheeler, a legal blogger who attended Hutchins' arraignment. He has worked for cybersecurity firm Kryptos Logic, which is based there. Kryptos didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Big Baby Dram drops his “Cute” video another single from his self titled album “Big Baby Dram”. The Video was just in time for the Valentines day vibes as it expresses what may be expecting on valentines and more importantly how you find that special someone. The video includes both fun humor throughout the visual with the assistance of the Big Baby Dram muppet character pushing the idea of dating and being “Cute” leading up to a love holiday like Valentines Day. Watch the video below.
RED CARPET RUNDOWN: 59th Annual Grammy Awards 27 photos Launch gallery RED CARPET RUNDOWN: 59th Annual Grammy Awards 1. RIHANNA Source:Getty 1 of 27 2. LAVERNE COX Source:Getty 2 of 27 3. JENNIFER LOPEZ Source:Getty 3 of 27 4. DJ KHALED Source:Getty 4 of 27 5. SOLANGE Source:Getty 5 of 27 6. CHANCE THE RAPPER Source:Getty 6 of 27 7. TARAJI P. HENSON Source:Getty 7 of 27 8. CHRISSY TEIGEN Source:Getty 8 of 27 9. ANDRA DAY Source:Getty 9 of 27 10. JOHN LEGEND Source:Getty 10 of 27 11. CHRISSY TEIGEN & JOHN LEGEND Source:Getty 11 of 27 12. KATY PERRY Source:Getty 12 of 27 13. KATY PERRY Source:Getty 13 of 27 14. HEIDI KLUM Source:Getty 14 of 27 15. SANTIGOLD Source:Getty 15 of 27 16. ZIGGY MARLEY Source:Getty 16 of 27 17. DIANA GORDON Source:Getty 17 of 27 18. 2 CHAINZ Source:Getty 18 of 27 19. RICK ROSS Source:Getty 19 of 27 20. CEELO GREEN Source:Getty 20 of 27 21. MALINA MOYE Source:Getty 21 of 27 22. HALSEY Source:Getty 22 of 27 23. CHARLI XCX Source:Getty 23 of 27 24. LADY GAGA Source:Getty 24 of 27 25. KRISS MINCEY Source:Getty 25 of 27 26. ADELE Source:Getty 26 of 27 27. KAT GRAHAM Source:Getty 27 of 27 Skip ad Continue reading RED CARPET RUNDOWN: 59th Annual Grammy Awards RED CARPET RUNDOWN: 59th Annual Grammy Awards See all the best fashion and style from the red carpet at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards.
#FollowTheCrown :
http://www.Twitter.com/SharifDKing
http://www.Facebook.com/SharifDKing
http://www.Instagram.com/OfficialSharifDKing
Snapchat – SharifDKing
Thousands Of Youths Thrown Out Of Jobs In Edo Over Illegal Tax Ban
Thousands of youths in Edo State engaged in collecting all forms of revenue for state government have been thrown out of their jobs and source of livelihood following Governor Godwin Obaseki ban on all form of ticketing and illegal taxation.
It would be recalled that Governor Obaseki had in his state wide message on New Year Day declared a ban on all forms of ticketing and illegal taxes by agents of government, citing lawless activities of some individuals who persist in harassing and extorting innocent citizens under the guise of collecting taxes and levies for government.
According to the governor, “I must quickly mention that one issue that continues to agitate Edo people is the lawless activities of some individuals who persist in harassing and extorting innocent citizens under the guise of collecting taxes and levies. The laws of our country vest the responsibility for collecting taxes exclusively on the three tiers of government, for instance, Federal, State and local governments.”
He said, “Consequently, with effect from today, January 01, 2017, only employees of government can collect taxes and levies in Edo state. All arrangements to collect taxes or levies entered into by any state or local government agency in Edo state, ceases to be valid with effect from today.''
Leadership however gathered that a new set of revenue consultants from Lagos state have been contracted to collect taxes and other forms of revenue drive on behalf of the state government.
Findings revealed that more than 26, 000 figures which constitute members of the Akugbe Ventures, Professional Drivers Association, Drivers Welfare Scheme and Tipper Drivers Association, revenue taskforces as well as such other bodies vested with the responsibility of collecting levies from designated locations within the 18 local government areas in the state are affected by the ban order and have therefore lost their jobs in the process.
The Progressives Congress (APC) led government during its campaign promised to initiate 200, 000 jobs for people of the state.
Already, the ban and subsequent sack of various revenue agents by the present administration has continued to generate mixed reactions from different quarters.
However, the dismantling of the revenue agencies and their managers initially constituted by the immediate past government of Governor Adams Oshiomhole, no doubt, may have pitched the new government under Goveror Obaseki against his political godfather and those who worked for his electoral success during the September 28 governorship polls in the state.
Governor Obaseki and his ruling party, the APC, are presently in a legal battle with the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) at the ongoing election petitions tribunal sitting in Benin the state capital following the suit filed by the opposition in which it is praying the court to declare it (PDP) as winner of the election.
Obaseki on assumption of office as governor was quoted as saying that it would not be business as usual and ‘no free food' in the government and governance of the state.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In news that must have left my friends at The Post — never mind the gang at “The Daily Show” — with a renewed confidence that ours is a just...
WASHINGTON — House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday that he wants Congress to look into so-called bump stocks, joining a growing number of Republican leaders who have expressed interest in taking action on the modifications that increase a weapon's rate of fire.
"Fully automatic weapons have been banned for a long time," Ryan told MSNBC host Hugh Hewitt. "Apparently, this allows you to take a semiautomatic and turn it into a fully automatic. So clearly that's something we need to look into."
Ryan said that even though he's an avid hunter, he had never heard of the devices before Sunday's mass shooting in Las Vegas. "I think we're quickly coming up to speed with what this is," Ryan said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ryan: Bump Stocks Clearly 'Something We Need to Look Into' 1:29 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Republicans typically draw a hard line against any new rules to regulate guns, which they view as violations the Second Amendment. But the circumstances of the Las Vegas massacre, in which a dozen bump stocks were found in the shooter's hotel room, and the longstanding consensus against automatic weapons, may create an opening for action.
The second and third-ranking Republicans in the Senate also have said they want to look into bump stocks, as have several other prominent GOP members in the House. Many Democrats have already announced their support for legislation to make bump stocks illegal.
"I have no problem in banning those," Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisc., told reporters.
Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., who has led bipartisan efforts to expand background checks, told NBC News he was inclined to support a ban, too. "Right now my first instinct is to say yes, but I want to look at it more carefully," he said.
Still, as of Thursday morning, no Republicans had signed onto a bill to ban bump stocks introduced by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., according to her office.
And both Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa., who has jurisdiction over gun legislation, suggested it's too early to consider any new rules. President Donald Trump has said the same.
"The investigation into the Las Vegas shooting is still ongoing, and we need to get more information before making a decision on a hearing and what it might cover," Grassley said in a statement.
Bump stocks and related devices accelerate the rate of fire of semi-automatic weapons to mimic that of automatic ones, which are all-but banned in the U.S. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives has ruled the devices legal under current law, because they do not alter the internal mechanism of gun.
Companies that sell the devices have reported brisk business as gun owners rush to purchase remaining supplies in case their sale is soon prohibited.
Watch more from Hugh Hewitt's interview with Paul Ryan on Saturday, Oct., 7 at 8 a.m. ET on MSNBC.
MARION, Ind. (WISH) — A Grant County judge on Wednesday dismissed a child seduction charge against a teacher at Oak Hill High School, according to court records.
Mitchel Hueston, who was 33 when charged in January, was alleged to have inappropriately touched a 16-year-old girl during the summer of 2016.
Prosecutors decided after further review of the evidence and the results of a polygraph test that they could not successfully try the case, The Chronicle-Tribune reported.
School officials informed the Grant County Sheriff's Office of the allegations in January, which led to a four-week investigation before Hueston's arrest.
Upon his arrest, Hueston had been placed on paid administrative leave by the school. His current status was not immediately available. Oak Hill High School is in Converse, about 35 miles north of Indianapolis.
This breakfast is the whole package This breakfast could give a whole new meaning to “up and at ‘em.” A New York public-relations exec got a jolt last week when she ordered her oatmeal with banana...
Amazon gave away too many free bananas and messed up Seattle There's no money in these banana stands. Amazon has given out more than 1.7 million bananas in two years, according to the Wall Street Journal. But the community-minded gesture has...
This guy's gluten-free airplane 'breakfast' really underwhelms An airline passenger requested a gluten-free meal for breakfast, but what he got made him go bananas. Londoner Martin Pavelka was flying on an All Nippon Airways flight from Tokyo...
The very real threat that could rob you of your daily coffee fix You'd better like tapioca — because it looks like we're going to have to eat a lot more of it in the future. Tapioca pudding is made from cassava root,...
Drug dealers use fake bananas to transport a lot of cocaine MADRID — Spanish police have arrested two men for allegedly transporting large quantities of cocaine inside fake bananas. Spain's civil guard made the arrests Sunday after an investigation was started...
Bananas could be extinct in 5 years If you love a good banana, you had better make the most of them because they might not exist in five to 10 years. According to plant pathologist Ioannis Stergiopoulos,...
Fruit distributor sues over 21,000 boxes of undelivered bananas A Long Island fruit distributor was nearly forced to shutter when 21,000 boxes of bananas it ordered were never delivered — and now the produce seller is suing Ecuador's biggest...
Chiquita banana truck flambéed our restaurant: lawsuit SEEKONK, Mass. — The owners of a Massachusetts restaurant are suing the Chiquita banana company, alleging a truck carrying bananas caused a fire that destroyed their business. David Salvatore, who...
BERLIN - North Korea has been using its embassy in Berlin to procure parts for its missile program, the head of Germany's BfV domestic intelligence agency told a German broadcaster.
No one at the North Korean embassy in Berlin was immediately available to comment on the allegation.
In a program to be aired on NDR television on Monday, BfV head Hans-Georg Maassen said: "We determined that procurement activities have been carried out from there that are, in our view, done with a view to the missile program and sometimes also for the nuclear program."
He said it was often so-called dual use goods, which can be used for both civil and military purposes.
Comments released by NDR ahead of the broadcast showed Maassen said German authorities prevented such activities when they found them but he added: "We can't guarantee that we can detect and prevent this in all cases."
He said it was necessary to presume that parts for North Korea's launch program "were acquired via other markets or underground buyers had acquired them in Germany."
North Korea has defied years of multilateral and bilateral sanctions with a weapons program aimed at developing nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Details for series at London Stadium still must be worked out
The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox are nearing an agreement to play a two-game, regular season series in London in June 2019, according to people familiar with the matter.
The series would be played at London Stadium, the main facility for the 2012 Olympics, said the people, who asked not to be named because they weren't authorized to discuss the matter publicly. Details still need to be ironed out.
Officials for Major League Baseball and the teams didn't immediately respond to emails seeking comment.
Among the biggest U.S. sports, baseball is the only one that hasn't yet played in Europe, though it has periodically staged games in Japan, Australia and Mexico. The Red Sox began the 2008 season with a pair of games against the Oakland Athletics in Tokyo; the Yankees played their 2004 opener there against the Tampa Bay Rays.
The most recent collective bargaining agreement between owners and players, which was ratified in 2016, includes a commitment to multiple international destinations. London was the only city named.
Government has extended its contract with Subah Infosolutions, the company monitoring Ghana's revenue in the telecommunication sector, with barely a week for the new President to be sworn into office.
A letter dated December 1, 2016, from the Ghana Revenue Authority, signed by its Commissioner-General, George Blankson, and copied the Telecommunication chamber as well as the telecommunication companies in the country, said the contract extension has been approved by the Minister of Finance.
“We wish to inform you that Subah Infosolutions Ghana Limited has been granted approval to continue its role of monitoring revenue from the telecommunication companies on behalf of the Ghana Revenue Authority.”
“Further to the above, we wish to request that you continue to grant access to Messrs Subah Infosolutions Ghana limited to your physical network nodes in accordance with the provisions of the Communications Service Tax (Amendment) Act, 2013 (Act 864).,” the letter added.
The Subah contract is one of those the outgoing entered into that became controversial over issues of value for money among others.
The New Patriotic Party has raised questioned the current government's award of last minute contracts and recruitment, with few days to hand over power to Nana Akufo-Addo.
But President John Mahama has defended such actions saying they are in the larger interest of the country.
CONTINUE GRANTING OF ACCESS TO YOUR PHYSICAL NETWORK NODES PURSUANT TO THE COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE TAX (AMENDMENT), ACT, 2013 (ACT 864)
This has reference to a letter with reference number MoF/RPD/GRA/016 dated 11th November, 2016 from the Hon. Minister of Finance on the above subject.
We wish to inform you that Subah Infosolutions Ghana Limited has been granted approval to continue its role of monitoring revenue from the telecommunication companies on behalf of the Ghana Revenue Authority.
Further to the above, we wish to request that you continue to grant access to Messrs Subah Infosolutions Ghana limited to your physical network nodes in accordance with the provisions of the Communications Service Tax (Amendment) Act, 2013 (Act 864).
Counting on your cooperation.
Yours faithfully
George Blankson
Commissioner-General
–
By: citifmonline.com/Ghana
ABC News(NEW YORK) — Salt is no longer just plain white.
The kitchen staple now comes in colors that you would typically find in a Crayola box: Himalayan Pink, Hawaiian Black and Persian blue are some of the gourmet varieties, although they can cost 10 times more than your run-of-the-mill table salt.
Selmelier Mark Bitterman — a selmelier is a specialist who helps you choose the most appropriate salt to season your meal — has crammed dozens of varieties of salt from all over the world into his salt boutique in New York City, where you can find exotic varieties that can cost up to $272 a pound. Bitterman prefers to call them “craft salts” to reflect the expertise involved in their production, many mined by hand without the use of heavy industrial machinery.
“I like to say we're not looking for a subtle improvement in the flavor of your food,” said Bitterman. “We're looking for a mind-blowing improvement. It should taste flat out better.”
Chefs like David Burke have their favorites: He uses Himalayan Pink almost exclusively in his restaurants, believing it has added health benefits.
“It's a healthier salt based on its DNA for the human body,” said Burke. “It's the most natural salt for human consumption.”
Chef Marcus Guiliano also promotes a mineral-rich salt, endorsing an American-made brand for his kitchen.
“The great thing about this salt is all the trace minerals that are still intact naturally, the electrolytes that are in there,” said Guiliano. “[This] salt does taste different.”
The health benefits associated with high mineral salts are not entirely clear.
“The thinking is minerals are really important to human health, so if you're going to choose a salt you may as well choose a salt that has more minerals,” said Robin Foroutan, a registered dietitian and nutritionist. “The reality is it may or may not make a really big difference.”
But do they taste better? ABC News' Good Morning America wanted to find out so we asked Chef James Briscione, director of Culinary Development at the Institute of Culinary Education in New York City, to prepare a blind taste test using an affordable kosher salt, which costs $3 a box, Himalayan Pink salt at $10 a jar, and an expensive French Gourmet salt from France, with a price tag of $48.
We then invited three food professionals, Robert Ramsey, a chef-instructor, Julia Turshen, cook book author, and Rebecca Raben, a student at the Institute for Culinary Education, to take part in a two-part taste test. Our panel was asked to sample three pieces of chicken, identified only by a letter, so they couldn't tell which salt went on which piece of chicken. We then instructed them to identify which they liked the best, and then which they thought was the most expensive.
Raben and Turshen picked the expensive French “Fleur de sel” gourmet salt as their favorite.
“I liked that it was assertive really got the salty flavor of it,” said Raben.
When it came to picking which they thought was the most expensive salt, Julia, the cook book author picked the kosher salt.
“My hat's off to Kosher. It really fooled me I thought it was the fancy one,” said Turshen.
While Chef Robert correctly picked the chicken seasoned with the most expensive salt, he actually preferred the taste of the kosher salt.
“I think there are subtle differences that are there,” said Ramsey. “But if I wasn't tasting them back to back I don't think I would be able to taste the difference at all.”
The gourmet salt manufacturers GMA contacted said they don't make specific health claims but believe their mineral-rich salts are a better choice. One salt manufacturer said, “…natural minerals in even small amounts can certainly come into play with our nutrition.”
According to some chefs, when it comes to gourmet salts, texture may make more of a difference than taste and while some gourmet salts might not taste very different from the refined table salt, the colors and shapes lend for a more interesting culinary experience.
As they say, “you eat with your eyes first.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
We keep hearing that Fargo needs to do this to remain competitive. Commissioner Dave Piepkorn suggested that businesses do not locate here because of our over-friendly nature. Why is it, then, that new citizens to the city of Fargo continuously say that they enjoy the attitude of Fargo, and that the citizens are very friendly, making it easy to adapt?
Is it impossible for businesses to also feel that friendliness? That's nonsense. If we have to buy our friendship (new business), maybe we need to re-think that definition of the friendly North.
And, regarding the 2-year tax incentive to build a new home, that's another bogus trend that needs to stop. This is only true of South Fargo area, as that's where the city wants growth. I played golf with a contractor who would build a new home every two years in South Fargo, and live in them without paying property taxes for several years.
Approximately 12 years ago, we built a new home in north Fargo and did not receive tax incentives. Instead, we were assessed a tax value that was severely inflated, for which I had to file an abatement to successfully correct that injustice.
I couldn't agree more with Commissioner Tony Gehrig's opinion that all citizens of Fargo should benefit from a tax break, not just businesses. I, for one, am tired of paying for the luxury of businesses like FedEx operating in Fargo without proper and fair taxation. If they can get that break, why can't all homeowners?
This is a pathetic situation, and over time will infuriate more citizens as the City Commission passes incentives that do little to benefit its citizens tax burden. We all have a budget to live by. Why can't our city?
Bitcoin has enjoyed a nice stretch lately, breaking through the $9,000 level on Tuesday and leading a broad advance in the crypto space, which has seen a $100-billion surge in market cap to $425 billion over the past week.
So, Bill Harris, are you warming up to bitcoin as an investment?
‘It's a colossal pump-and-dump scheme, the likes of which the world has never seen... the losers are ill-informed buyers caught up in the spiral of greed. The result is a massive transfer of wealth from ordinary families to internet promoters.' Bill Harris
We'll take that as a no.
Clearly, Harris, the founder of Personal Capital Corp. who served as CEO at both PayPal PYPL, -3.75% and Intuit INTU, -0.96% is not a fan, and he laid out the reasons why Tuesday in a piece for Recode.
“I'm tired of saying, ‘Be careful, it's speculative.' Then, ‘Be careful, it's gambling.' Then, ‘Be careful, it's a bubble.'” Harris continued. “Okay, I'll say it: bitcoin is a scam.”
He went on to refute all the reasons promoters claim it has value. It's not a means of payment since it's accepted almost nowhere, he said. Bitcoin's BTCUSD, +2.16% extreme volatility makes it undesirable as a store of value. And finally, he said its perceived value is merely an example of the Greater Fool Theory.
“Cryptocurrency is best-suited for one use: Criminal activity,” Harris said, pointing to the likes of Silk Road and WannaCry ransomware. What's more, even the regular users are flouting the law, he says, by avoiding paying taxes on every sale.
Read: Nearly half of crypto users refuse to pay taxes.
“All of this would be a comic sideshow if innocent people weren't at risk,” he said. “But ordinary people are investing some of their life savings in cryptocurrency.”
In conclusion, he called on the SEC and other regulators to step in. “It's time we gave them the legislative authority to do their job,”: he said.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Authorities searching multiple states for a suspect in the deadly shooting of a Cleveland man say they have no idea what led up to what they say appears to be a random shooting.
Cleveland's police chief said Monday that only Steve Stephens knows the answer.
If you missed the press briefing Monday afternoon you can watch it here:
2 NEWS App users click here to watch
Police say the 37-year-old Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree picking up aluminum cans Sunday and then posted a video of the killing on Facebook.
READ MORE: Manhunt expanded for suspect in Facebook video killing
In the video, Stephens names a woman and tells the victim, Robert Godwin Sr., that “she's the reason that this is about to happen to you.”
Authorities say Stephens is considered armed and dangerous and could be anywhere.
Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams says authorities have already searched every location Stephens has been associated with in the Cleveland area.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
LAKELAND, Fla. (WFLA) – A man accused of using a stun gun to discipline several children in his care is out of jail after a judge ruled he was not competent to stand trial.
Twenty-two-year-old William Torres-Morales, along with three others, is accused of using a stun gun on at least seven children as a form of discipline. Torres is also accused of sexual battery of a child.
A judge ruled that Torres is not competent to stand trial, and he was released into the care of a family member. Torres was also placed on GPS monitoring, and must stay away from children.
As for his co-defendants, two received prison sentences and the third still has a case pending.
Eduardo Vazquez pleaded guilty to nine counts of contributing to the delinquency of a child, seven counts of aggravated child abuse two counts of false information to a law enforcement officer and tampering with physical evidence on April 25 and received 20 years in prison, followed by 10 years of probation.
Elizabeth Tarvin pled to six counts of child neglect and one count of neglect of a child with great bodily harm on March 1 and was sentenced to 10 years in prison, followed by 10 years of probation.
Veronica Sanchez is still incarcerated and has not yet been sentenced.
Because Torres has not been convicted, his current address is not public record.
His former neighbors in West Lakeland who knew him said he lives close by and they aren't happy about it.
“I think he needs to be locked up for life and not be out here because he's going to hurt other children,” Amanda Jimenez said.
“We never expected to see him do something like that. We all grew up together and we thought he was a nice kid. So it came as a big shock, he was a nice kid. And now to hear that he's out, no I don't think it's fair,” JulieMarie Rivera said.
State Attorney B. Haas released this statement to News Channel 8:
The Court found the defendant incompetent to proceed. Based on the opinions of the court appointed experts, commitment to the State Hospital was not an option. Given the nature of the charges in this case, the release of the defendant potentially poses a significant risk to the public. This case is not over. We are hopeful that the defendant's competency will be restored, allowing the prosecution to proceed as it has for each of his co-defendants.”
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Our Duke stamped his class on the BoyleSports Irish Grand National to continue the golden season of trainer Jessica Harrington and jockey Robbie Power.
Sent off the 9-2 favourite despite running in his first handicap and for just the fourth time over fences, the Grade One-winning novice never looked in any real danger.
Following on from a Cheltenham Festival treble which included the Gold Cup success of Sizing John, Harrington and Power added the valuable Fairyhouse feature in real style.
When Stellar Notion and Fletchers Flyer tired to leave Our Duke in front, Power just had to make sure the seven-year-old negotiated the last two fences safely.
Gordon Elliott's Bless The Wings stayed on from a long way back to claim second yet again, the same spot he filled 12 months ago, while the Ellmarie Holden-trained Abolitionist briefly threatened for Rachael Blackmore and took third, with Thunder And Roses (Mouse Morris) fourth.
The Jessica Harrington-trained Our Duke wins the #IrishGrandNational under Robbie Power #RTEracing pic.twitter.com/50eopZ83bc — RTÉ Racing (@RTEracing) April 17, 2017
Barry Geraghty was an early casualty as his mount Minella Foru fell, bringing down Arbre De Vie.
In truth only a handful were ever involved on the front end, with Our Duke kept wide early by Power and apart from getting close to a couple he jumped like an old hand.
He was cut to 14-1 from 25-1 for next year's Gold Cup, with the current champion already in the same yard.
As well as three Cheltenham winners, Power also won four races at Aintree's Grand National meeting.
Robbie Power on his delight at winning the Irish Grand National aboard Our Duke at his local track pic.twitter.com/TtdIs0QQMe — RTÉ Racing (@RTEracing) April 17, 2017
He said: "This means so much to me, it's my local racecourse and I was second in it a few years ago so this is nice compensation. He is a hell of a good horse. He is very, very good.
"He made a few novicey little mistakes, but full credit to all the team at Commonstown. Jessie has done some job to train this horse to win an Irish National on only his fourth start over fences.
"Once he got a good view of his fences and got plenty of light we were going to be happy. He just travelled so well everywhere, he is just a very good horse.
"Fair plays to Fairyhouse as well they're done a super job watering the ground because otherwise he wouldn't have been here. Full marks all round to everyone. Hopefully I'll have a tough decision to make next March (for the Gold Cup), but who knows, we'll enjoy this one first."
Via | HipHopDX
Kanye West's recent Twitter spree, which revealed some of his ideology and expressed support for conservative commentator Candace Owens, elicited widespread criticism over the weekend. But the comments also earned him praise from many right-wing observers, including controversial conspiracy theorist Alex Jones of InfoWars.
“.@kanyewest I admire your bold moves against the thought police,” Jones wrote. “And if you want to see these control-freak vampires really go crazy, please join me on my broadcast!”
READ MORE
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Leaders in a western North Carolina county plan to hire and assign armed security guards, as opposed to armed volunteers, in every public school.
Henderson County leaders announced Thursday their plan to hire people with law enforcement or military backgrounds to serve as "highly trained" armed personnel at all 23 schools. Officials said they wanted to reassure the community about school safety following the Feb. 14 school shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida that left 17 people dead.
“Henderson County has always been a sleepy little town," school board chairwoman Amy Lynn Holt said at a news conference. "We've not felt like we're threatened here. Well, we have to start acting like we're threatened.”
The Henderson County school system, located near Asheville, has 14,000 students.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Henderson County's approach is different from that in Stanly County, which will use a 2013 state law to place volunteer school resource officers at schools. The law allows sheriffs and police chiefs to use people who have police or military police experience as unpaid but armed volunteers at schools.
Johnston County is also considering the possibility of using armed volunteers, while the Rockingham County sheriff wants to use armed volunteers in his county's schools.
Rick Cron, a school resource officer with the Shelby County (Ohio) Sheriff's Office, watches students and the parking lot during dismissal Feb. 26, 2018. Henderson County, NC leaders will hire armed guards to work at all 23 public schools in the western North Carolina community. ANDREW SPEAR NYT
But Henderson County Sheriff Charles McDonald said he didn't think his office could find enough volunteers "to be able to hold the kind of standards that we want." He said the new guards won't be sworn law enforcement officers, but they'll need to pass the same vetting process used for hiring deputies.
The new armed guards will undergo psychological testing and receive specialized training. The goal is to have them in place by the start of the 2018-19 school year.
"As the sheriff alluded to, you can't just pick people off the street," said Henderson County Manager Steve Wyatt.
There's been talk nationally, including from President Donald Trump, about training and arming some teachers with guns. But McDonald said a lot of people aren't comfortable with the idea of arming teachers.
“The consensus here from the Henderson County populace is that we need security people to do security," McDonald said. "We need teachers to be able to teach.”
Lewis has spent the last nine years as the head coach for women's basketball at Cumberland, compiling a 150-116 record, and the last 17 years at Cumberland as a player, graduate assistant, full-time assistant coach or head coach with the men's and women's programs. He has been a part of eight of Cumberland's 11 NAIA National Tournament appearances in school history between the two programs, including all three for the men and five of the eight for the women.
Lewis replaces Lonnie Thompson, who retired in late February after 16 years with the Cumberland program. The Phoenix posted an 11-18 overall record in 2017-18, including 11 losses to Mid-South Conference opponents, nine of those by a combined 48 points, as well as a 5-10 mark against ranked opponents.
“Jeremy Lewis has been a big part of the winning traditions in both the men's and women's basketball programs at Cumberland as a player and coach,” Pavan said. “He understands the culture of the program as well as the Mid-South Conference. We feel like he will do an outstanding job.”
The Hendersonville native just completed his ninth season as head coach for the Phoenix women, posting a 20-12 record and reaching the NAIA National Tournament for the fourth time in six seasons. The Phoenix also played in the national tournament in 2013, 2015 and 2016.
Lewis led the program to one of the most successful years in school history in 2012-13, finishing 33-3 overall and No. 4 in the final rankings, the most wins in school history. The Phoenix won the Mid-South Conference regular season and tournament titles and reached the NAIA Fab Four for the second time in program annals.
He was voted Mid-South Conference and Women's Basketball Coaches Association Russell Athletic/Region 5 Coach of the Year during the campaign. Cumberland made its first appearance in the NAIA National Tournament since 2007.
“Ron gave me the opportunity to become a head coach nine years ago with the women's program, and that time and experience has been invaluable,” Lewis said. “Coaching the men's team brings different challenges, but I have the same set of winning expectations moving forward. I was a part of winning teams as a player and coach and want to bring the program back to that level of excellence.”
Four different players have garnered six All-America honors under Lewis' tutelage, including Jessica Pace, Nicole Bowers (twice), Chelsey Hall (twice) and Casie Cowan, while the Phoenix have earned 21 All-Conference honors during his nine seasons as head coach. In addition, 41 players have been named Academic All-Conference with eight posting NAIA Scholar-Athlete accolades.
Before becoming the women's head coach, Lewis served four seasons as a full-time assistant for coach Lonnie Thompson and the Cumberland men's team. During his four seasons as an assistant coach, the Phoenix compiled a 68-56 overall mark, including 46-18 in the final two seasons with consecutive trips to the NAIA National Tournament in 2008 and 2009.
Lewis spent three seasons as the starting point guard at Cumberland from 2002-04 before he served one season as a graduate assistant for the Phoenix women's basketball staff in 2005, which reached the NAIA National Tournament with a 26-9 record. As a player he was named Honorable Mention All-Conference as a junior and senior and garnered NAIA Scholar-Athlete and Academic All-Conference accolades as a senior. He was the starting point guard on Cumberland's team that reached the Round of 16 and won the TranSouth Conference regular season championship in 2004.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
HOUCKTOWN, Ohio (AP) — Authorities say two people died in a mobile home fire in northwest Ohio.
The (Findlay) Courier newspaper reports that fire departments and police responded at around 2 a.m. EST Sunday to a fire report. Two bodies were found inside after the fire was put out.
The Ohio state fire marshal and Hancock County coroner and sheriff's office are investigating the fire's cause. The two victims weren't identified immediately.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
Foster was a senior vice president in the lending department at the bank since 2011. In his new role, he will oversee all operations related to in-house mortgages, construction loans, consumer installment loans and credit cards.
“Consumer loans have always been a cornerstone of our bank, and with John's leadership, team-first approach and work ethic, we'll continue to do a great job meeting and exceeding our customers' needs in that area,” said executive vice president John McDearman. “We look forward to all we'll accomplish as John focuses on this specific area of lending.”
Upon joining Wilson Bank & Trust in 1998, Foster was quickly promoted to assistant manager at the Gladeville office and was named branch manager there in 2008. He moved to the main office as a lender in 2011 and joined the senior management team in 2013. A Mt. Juliet High School graduate, Foster attended Middle Tennessee State University and has earned a banking diploma from the Graduate School of Banking at Louisiana State University.
In the community, Foster serves as the chairman of the Wilson County Fellowship of Christian Athletes and is a board member with United Way of Wilson County and the Upper Cumberland. He is a member of Gladeville Baptist Church. He and his wife, Casey, live in Gladeville with their two daughters, Ashley and Karli.
Foster may be reached at 615-547-5648 or jfoster@wilsonbank.com.
Wilson Bank & Trust, a member of the FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender, is an independent, locally owned bank established in 1987 to provide personal and professional service in a hometown setting. One of the top banks in the South in stability, products, technology, growth and earnings, the bank currently operates 26 full-service offices in eight Middle Tennessee counties, offering a full range of financial products that include secondary market mortgage loans and online and mobile banking services.
Hit the Biscuit Sequel
Sure, you could make authentic southern biscuits at home, but when in Nashville, it's best to go to the pros. Many people line up for hours to get their fill of the fluffy southern breakfast pastry at Biscuit Love in its original 11th Street location. Not you, though. Instead, follow those in the know to the brunch staple's second location in Hillsboro Village, a favorite neighborhood for college students from Belmont and Vanderbilt universities, and you'll be eating their signature “bonuts” (fried biscuits with a sweet glaze) in no time.
Get into the groove in East Nashville
Yup, Broadway is where all the Honkey Tonks are (see below), and also where you'll find lots of lines, but it's not where you'll find all the locals. Head instead to hip East Nashville on the opposite side of the Cumberland River to check out live music at rocking spots around the 5 Points area of Woodland Street such as The Basement East. Did you know that Nashville was the location of an iconic movie?
Get online early for Nashville Hot Fried Chicken
Some things you do have to wait for, and the city's crispy skinned, hot sauce-doused fried chicken specialty is one of them. Hattie B's and Prince's are two hometown favorites—plan to eat lunch well-before noon, when you'll see plenty of neighborhood residents, to skip the chicken line at lunch, and before 5 to beat the dinner rush. Here's how to make your own irresistible fried chicken.
Eat and sleep in Midtown
Nestled against the esteemed Vanderbilt Campus, Midtown is where to find trendy new dining spots such as the stylish new farm-to-table Henley Restaurant, hip small plate bistro The Southern, and all-day hangout Caviar and Bananas, all of which draw music industry insiders from the neighboring Music Row. On the same block as the hip eateries is the art-filled Kimpton Aertson Hotel, which boasts a luxurious rooftop pool for private views of the city, and local art (including city building mosaics in the bathrooms and elevators).
Shop in 12 South
For real Southern hospitality, don't miss the boutiques and independent shops in this charming neighborhood. Among the highlights: White's Mercantile and Reese Witherspoon's dress shop Draper James, which celebrates its hometown with a Nashville mural.
Grab a beer in The Gulch
Yes, it's a whiskey town (and we're up for that, too), but instead of leaving the city to join the tipplers in Lynchburg, those in the know stay local to drink up the growing beer culture. In the downtown-adjacent Gulch neighborhood, you can create your own hops tour with stops at Jackalope, Yazoo, and Tennessee Brew Works to watch the brewing process and raise a pint our two. Check out the best craft beer in all 50 states.
Honkey Tonk off hours
Ok, most locals will tell you they don't come to Lower Broadway because it's too crowded, but it is absolutely one of the Nashville attractions that they bring friends and family to, and that you should visit too. When you do, you'll likely find the locals on the left side of the street where the classic music spots Robert's Western World, the multiple floors (and awesome rooftop) of Tootsie's Orchid Lounge, and Layla's are located, probably at 2pm on a Thursday instead of 10pm on a Saturday night, since they know that the live music goes all day and is great anytime. Oh, and follow the local lead and be sure to tip the musicians when the hat comes around. (Love country singers? Here's what your favorite music says about your personality.)
Visit music legends
Here's another must that you should do regardless of locals saying “we never do that,” because secretly they wish they had the time to join you: Explore the museums dedicated to the music legends of Nashville. Start at the Ryman Auditorium, the first home of the Grand Ole Opry, to discover how the city became the home of country and western music. Then walk to The Johnny Cash Museum for an in-depth look at the man in black. Finally, wrap up your day learning the secrets of the Country Music Hall of Fame to see everything from Elvis' gold Cadillac to Taylor Swift's immersive education center. Before you leave, stop in the Hatch Show Print Studio to pick up a locals-approved souvenir: A limited edition block print of your favorite Music City performer.
Sagay shocked as Ozekhome, others hail judgment
Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption (PACAC) Chairman Prof Itse Sagay (SAN) yesterday expressed shock over Senate President Bukola Saraki's acquittal by the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT).
He said contrary to the tribunal's position, he was convinced that the prosecution presented sufficient evidence to warrant Saraki to defend himself.
Sagay said he was concerned about Saraki's acquittal based on a no-case submission, especially coming soon after Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court, who was accused of corrupt enrichment, was also similarly discharged.
A no-case is a term in criminal law whereby a defendant seeks acquittal without having to defend himself. Under it, the defendant seeks to be discharged and acquitted on the basis that the prosecution his not adduced sufficient evidence for his trial.
Sagay said he was “thoroughly shocked” that the CCT did not consider the prosecution's evidence weighty enough as to reach call on Saraki to enter his defence.
Asked if he was bothered that Saraki's acquittal on a no-case submission came soon after that of Ademola, Sagay said: “Of course I'm concerned.”
The PACAC chairman added: “To start with, I'm shocked, because a lot of materials were put before the court. And for a court to uphold a no-case submission means that there was no prima facie case made. That's why I'm a bit shocked because I followed the proceedings very closely. But there's going to be an appeal. We'll just wait and see what happens then, but I'm thoroughly shocked, yes,” he said.
Former Lagos Branch chairman of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) Mr Chijioke Okoli (SAN) said the Federal Government seemed to be losing high profile cases involving politically exposed persons.
He attributed it to a “multiplicity of factors”, including shortcomings on the part of the prosecution and the ability of high profile suspects to hire the best defence lawyers.
Okoli, however, said the government had secured some convictions as published by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) recently.
He said: “We don't have exact statistics to deal with (on loss of high profile cases). I'm aware that recently, EFCC chair reeled out some impressive number of convictions they have secured.
“However, from an anecdotal evidence based on what we read in the papers, it does appear that the politically exposed persons seems to be getting away scot free.
“One may ask: ‘If the vast majority of politically exposed persons are getting acquitted, then is it the man on the street or you and me who are the perpetrators of this much vaunted bribery corruption?”
Activist-lawyer Chief Mike Ozekhome (SAN) described the verdict as “bold, courageous and right.”
He took a swipe at the EFCC for engaging in media trial, saying the courts cannot be stampeded into convicting at all costs, despite “visible executive interference and manipulation”.
Ozekhome urged the government to put its house in order rather than claiming that “corruption is fighting back” and that the courts are against the anti corruption fight.
Committee for the Defence of Human Rights (CDHR) National President Malachy Ugwummadu urged the government's prosecutorial team to double its efforts at securing convictions.
He added: “The fight against corruption is not only effectual or effective when you arrest and arraign suspects particularly, politically exposed persons.”
Dr Paul Ananaba (SAN) and Abiodun Owonikoko (SAN) said justice had been served with Senate President Bukola Saraki's acquittal.
Ananaba said: “It is due process. The matter went on for a while and now the court has ruled on a no-case submission. That is the position now and this has become the law, the CCT having ruled that he has no case to answer. It means the case has come to an end. What CCT has done has become the law.
“You will recall that Saraki filed several applications before the CCT and even went up to the Supreme Court before coming back for trial.
“I think nobody should worry because the prosecutor knows what to do if not satisfied. The Constitution provides for appeal.
“But I think the country has a lot to worry about at this time and some of these disruptions should be avoided. The sitting of the Senate has been affected by this trial. Each time he goes to court, no serious business ever took place.
“We have an acting President now. We need the attention of our leaders to face major issues confronting the country now. I think the prosecution should look at national interest before any further step is taken.”
Owonikoko said there were lessons to be learnt.
“He's perhaps vindicated and strengthened in authority and integrity by the discharge on the merit which equates to acquittal,” Owonikoko said.
The post Sagay shocked as Ozekhome, others hail judgment appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
“Thoroughbreds,” out Friday, is a smart, scorchingly dark comedy about a friendship between two oddball high-school girls (played by Anya Taylor-Joy and Olivia Cooke). It's also the final film performance...
Al-Qaeda to ISIS: How dare you accuse us of working with Christians! It's a terrorist family feud. The top dog of al-Qaeda, 9/11 architect Ayman al-Zawahiri, is going all jihad on ISIS boss Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, saying the Islamic militant is spreading...
Al Qaeda chief urges lone-wolf attacks against America Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri called on young Muslim men in the United States and other Western countries to carry out attacks there and urged greater unity between militants. “I...
Al Qaeda boss pleads for jihadists to join new offshoot in India WASHINGTON — This job is murder. If it includes benefits, guaranteed tenure definitely isn't one of them. Al Qaeda and ISIS are stepping up their recruiting efforts in Pakistan and...
Young Islamic radicals may be eclipsing al Qaeda's militant prestige In hiding, targeted by drone strikes and unable to land a blow in the West, al Qaeda's ageing leaders are losing a power struggle with ultra-radical young militants in Iraq...
TRIBUTES have been paid to a young Limerick man who was killed in a stabbing incident in a nightclub in Shannon in the early hours of Sunday morning.
The 23-year-old, named locally as Jamie Higgins from Dooradoyle, was fatally stabbed in an “altercation” at the Shannon Knights nightclub at around 2am.
Jamie was pronounced dead shortly after being brought to University Hospital Limerick, while another 22-year-old man was brought to UHL but his injuries are understood to be not life-threatening.
Gardai confirmed at around 10pm on Sunday that a post-mortem had been completed, and that the 19-year-old man, also from Limerick, remains in custody at Shannon garda station under the provisions of section 4 of the Criminal Justice Act 1984 as amended.
Jamie, who celebrated his 23rd birthday last month, attended Crescent College Comprehensive and was known to be heavily-involved in sport, including rugby and soccer.
It is understood he was a skilled soccer player with Pike Rovers for a number of years.
One friend, who did not wish to be named, told the Limerick Leader described him as “a really nice young man. Nobody had anything bad to say about him. He was one of those lads who got along with everyone”.
A number of people have posted to social media to pay tribute to the young man.
One person wrote on Facebook: “This world is just getting too cruel the memories will never be forgotten.”
Another friend wrote: “Rest in peace Jamie you were one of the nicest people I came across, it's a shame you were taken too soon.”
One person described him as being "one of a kind".
According to media reports, CCTV footage of the nightclub is being examined as part of garda investigations.
Funeral arrangements have yet to be made.
In a statement to the media on Sunday morning, An Garda Siochana said: “The scene has been preserved for a technical examination.
“Gardaí in Shannon are appealing for witnesses or anyone with any information and in particular would like to speak to anyone who was in the Shannon Knights Night Club last night the 17th/18th of March to contact them in Shannon on 061 365900, the Garda Confidential Line 1800 666 111 or any Garda station.”
Incoming Duke point guard Tre Jones meets the media Duke incoming freshman point guard Tre Jones meets the media as he attends the K Academy Basketball Fantasy camp in Durham, N.C. Chuck Liddy ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Duke incoming freshman point guard Tre Jones meets the media as he attends the K Academy Basketball Fantasy camp in Durham, N.C. Chuck Liddy
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A further three directors have been co-opted on to the board of the supporters' group that owns Chester FC.
City Fans United issued an appeal for supporters to apply for a seat on the board.
And Dave Harrington-Wright, Andrew Morris and Sam Swash have joined David O'Toole, who was co-opted in April, in coming forward.
They will remain on the board until the CFU's AGM in October.
Dave, 49, has 30 years business experience and has been involved with fundraising for the Wales Air Ambulance and SHARE, a homeless charity.
Dave said: "I run a couple of successful, busy businesses in Chester and have some great links into the business sector which I feel can help the future of Chester FC.
"In the past I have been actively involved with Wales Air Ambulance and more recently SHARE, so I am looking forward to helping the community and fundraising side of our club.
"I think the future is bright for Chester FC and I am looking forward to being a productive contributor to future success."
Andrew, 33, is a regional HR manager for North West charity, Alternative Futures Group.
He has also been volunteering on the governance group at the club for a number of years.
Andrew said: "I am looking forward to working with the board of directors to engage with the supporter base and achieve success for Chester FC both on and off the field in 2017-18."
Sam, 25, is a PhD student and has previously run his own wholesale clothing business and worked for Urenco UK.
He said: "It is a great honour to be given the opportunity to serve on the board of our football club.
"I am looking forward to working with the rest of the board, the membership and the fan base in helping our club realise its ambitions whilst continuing to give the city a football club it can be proud of."
Fans who wish to stand for election to the board at the AGM in October need to sign up to become an owner of Chester FC before June 26.
Earlier this month the CFU launched a new initiative to get more fans to become owners of the club .
HONOLULU (AP) — A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he's devastated about causing panic but was “100 percent sure” at the time that the attack was real.
The man in his 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that he not be identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats.
He says an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word “exercise” repeated several times.
“Immediately afterward, we find out it was a drill and I was devastated. I still feel very badly about it,” he said. “I felt sick afterward. It was like a body blow.”
He's had difficulty eating and sleeping since, he said: “It's been hell for me the last couple weeks.”
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired him after the incident.
The man's superiors said they knew for years that he had problems performing his job. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events, and colleagues were not comfortable working with him, the state said.
His supervisors counseled him but kept him for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year.
The ex-worker disputed that, saying he wasn't aware of any performance problems.
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations center in a former bunker in Honolulu's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13, the man said, a co-worker took a phone call over the U.S. Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning, he said.
“When the phone call came in, someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message,” he said.
The man said he didn't hear the beginning of the message that said, “exercise, exercise, exercise.”
“I heard the part, ‘this is not a drill,'” he said. “I didn't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers.”
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts, allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently. Managers didn't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent, and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning.
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning.
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to.
“The protocols were not in place. It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible. But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have,” retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who wrote the report on Hawaii's internal investigation, said at a news conference.
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released. Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26. The state did not name him.
The agency's executive officer, Toby Clairmont, said Wednesday that he stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert.
Another employee was being suspended without pay, officials said.
The incident “shines a light” on the state's system failures, the man who sent the alert said, adding that he believes the federal government should handle such alerts.
Testing of the alert system began in November and protocols were constantly changing, he said. “As far as our level of training was concerned, I think it was inadequate,” he said.
Hawaii state Department of Defense spokesman Lt. Col. Charles Anthony declined to comment on what the former worker said.
Officials said the man refused to cooperate with state or federal investigations beyond providing a written statement. He wasn't trying to impede any investigations, he said: “There really wasn't anything else to say.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
As Rick Healey and his wife were taking a tour of the kindergarten class where their 5-year-old girl will go to school next fall, they came across a poem that stopped them in their tracks.
Lockdown, Lockdown
Lock the door
Shut the lights off
Say no more
The lyrics are plastered on a white piece of paper in large, colorful markers in Ms. Kim's class at Arthur D. Healey School in Somerville, Massachusetts.
"I recognize the necessity of it, I know why it's necessary, but it upsets me and disgusts me that it is necessary," Healey told CNN. (He's not related to the person the school is named for.)
Healey's wife, Georgy Cohen, posted a photo of the poem and tweeted: "This should not be hanging in my soon-to-be kindergartner's classroom."
The many steps schools are taking
With an average of one attack a week this year alone, school shootings are now a reality students and teachers live with. And school officials are trying to tackle the danger however they can.
This should not be hanging in my soon-to-be-kindergartener's classroom. pic.twitter.com/mWiJVdddpH — Georgy Cohen (@radiofreegeorgy) June 6, 2018
In Pennsylvania, a middle school handed out bullet-resistant shields. Louisiana now allows kids to carry bulletproof backpacks in the halls. And in California, students fed up with lawmakers' inaction took matters into their own hands by writing their own gun control bill.
Somervile Mayor Joseph Curtatone and School Superintendent the poem in Kim Conley's class is an example of "how one of our educators used a rhyme to help her young students stay calm and remember the key steps they would need to follow during a drill or real emergency."
"As much as we would prefer that school lockdowns not be a part of the educational experience, unfortunately this is the world we live in," they said in a statement to CNN. "It is jarring -- it's jarring for students, for educators, and for families."
The painful feelings it brings up
Go behind the desk and hide
Wait until it's safe inside
Healey said reading the poem reminded him of the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School -- his alma mater and the target of a February 14 shooting that left 17 dead and several others wounded.
Seeing the lyrics brought up "difficult, negative feelings," he said.
Since 2009, the US has seen 57 times as many school shootings as six other industrialized nations combined.
The fear is so pervasive that last month, students around the nation shared a hashtag "#IfIDieInASchoolShooting, offering a woeful glimpse into the sense of apparent inevitability that someday soon, they'll be felled by bullets on campus.
This is the new normal
A few weeks ago, Cohen said their daughter came home, excited to share a fun game she played with her pre-K class: try to stay quiet for one whole minute, just like during a lockdown.
"This shouldn't be something that we get used to," Cohen said. "We need to keep being jarred, upset and shook."
As Healey and Cohen talked to CNN, their daughter was cheerfully playing with Legos, unaware of how conversations of guns, shootings, lockdowns and fear have become so commonplace.
Lockdown, Lockdown
it's all done
Now it's time to have
some fun!
Bess Myerson was a self-interested 'b--ch': ex-husband As Ed Koch heaped praise on his gal pal Bess Myerson, an ex-husband called the former beauty queen a “bitch,” a “liar, a thief and adultress,” newly released FBI files...
Beauty and the beasts Bess Myerson, whose death last month at 90 was disclosed this week, was a towering public figure for nearly half a century before suffering a terrible fall from grace. Most...
TAMPA, Fla. — No season advances as quickly as the NFL, where the games come week by week and a team that opens up after Labor Day can be on fumes by Columbus Day, glumly looking ahead on a lost year by Halloween and irrelevant long before Thanksgiving.
The Giants did not make it out of September. They have crammed so much losing and angst into a three-week span. Baseball teams have yet to set their postseason pitching rotations as the Giants drone on about getting that first victory.
“If somebody had told me in the offseason we're gonna start out 0-3, I would have said ‘Yeah, right,' ” linebacker Devon Kennard told The Post. “It's definitely a sense of surprise. We've got to take ownership. It's our fault and got to make sure we fix it.''
There might not be a fix, if history is a guide: Teams starting 0-3 rarely finish with a playoff appearance (five of 168 teams did it since 1980, 2.9 percent). The season is in danger of closing down prematurely, but it is open season on the Giants. They cannot run the ball worth a darn, all of a sudden their run defense is shabby and even when they score touchdowns, they cannot celebrate without breaking the rules of the NFL and good taste (thanks, Odell Beckham Jr.).
At 0-2, the Giants stood up and said no more, and the result was a 27-24 loss in Philadelphia after blowing not one, but two, fourth-quarter leads. Is there any way to predict what will transpire Sunday afternoon against the Buccaneers (1-1) at Raymond James Stadium, other than heat (88 degrees) and humidity (60 percent chance of thunderstorms)?
Coach Ben McAdoo said the Giants have “our noise blockers on” to muffle the harsh and deserved scorn directed at his team. The Bucs have a strong-armed quarterback (Jameis Winston) who will make big plays for his team throwing to Mike Evans and DeSean Jackson and, possibly, give up big plays to the Giants, who have yet to intercept a pass this season.
The Bucs have a rugged defense — though they will play without their top two linebackers — and will present problems to a Giants offensive line that is always on the verge of breaking down.
McAdoo says his team “needs to quit learning the same lessons over and over again.'' At some point, the Giants have to learn from their mistakes, don't they? If not, they are simply a bad team with a bad record.
“Absolutely not,'' Kennard said. “I definitely think we have the talent on this team to turn things around. That's what we need to do, starting this week. We got a lot to prove and we got to get our first win. Our backs are against the wall and I think we're gonna come out swinging.''
Marquee matchup
Buccaneers DT Gerald McCoy vs. Giants RG John Jerry
Giants coach Ben McAdoo said McCoy “makes messes'' on the field, and it is Jerry's job to clean up after McCoy, who can penetrate against the run and apply pressure as a pass rusher — though he does not have a sack in two games. After losing to the Vikings, McCoy was so disgusted with hearing criticism that he invited fans to come to the team facility to talk to him about it. Thankfully, the Bucs disinvited the fans.
Jerry, despite his bulk, has never been a punishing run blocker, and he was called for a rare delay of game penalty last week for grabbing the wrist of an Eagles defensive lineman trying to get off the field. Jerry has had to adjust playing alongside Bobby Hart, and now Justin Pugh at right tackle after Hart went down with a sprained ankle. D.J. Fluker might get dusted off and move in at left guard for Brett Jones (hip injury). Jerry has to be a stabilizer on this offensive line and McCoy is a disrupter.
4 Downs
Sterling polishes up his game: In his solid rookie season, Sterling Shepard was often frustrated by his inability to display what he perceives as one of his strengths: yards after catch. He averaged just 10.5 yards per catch in 2016, and in his first two games this season was at 12.5 yards per catch. He turned on the jets last week by turning a 12-yard slant into a 77-yard touchdown, the longest of his career.
“I feel like it definitely helps me out,'' Shepard said. “Now I know I can do it, so I can just trust it now. Odell [Beckham Jr.] and I have been talking about that for a long time, just trusting my speed and hitting it and going. Now that I did it one time, hopefully I can become a normal thing. Just hitting the hole and going, not hesitating.''
The Buccaneers gave up pass plays of 45, 47 and 59 yards last week and are 31st in the NFL in pass defense, allowing 329.5 yards per game.
Running on empty: Can the Giants run the ball? Do they care to? Coach Ben McAdoo hardly used the only fullback on the team and this week cut him. McAdoo had three downs from the Eagles
2-yard line last week and passed it twice. Starter Paul Perkins has been ineffective, and Shane Vereen and Orleans Darkwa are banged up. McAdoo in the past has put youngsters on the field. Will he do it with rookie Wayne Gallman?
“We obviously want to run the football,'' McAdoo said. “That's important to us, but we need to get the ball in the hands of the people who can make the plays for us. The players who can change the game and can change the score for us.''
Translation: The Giants are a passing team.
Safety first: Decreasing Darian Thompson's workload is happening. He played 74 of 76 defensive snaps in Philadelphia and missed four tackles. Andrew Adams, the replacement starter for 13 games in 2016 when Thompson hurt his foot, played just four snaps last week. Thompson grudgingly admitted he could be rusty — his rookie year ended after two games — and knows his tacking cannot be an issue.
“Of course it's frustrating, because when they break through the defense and I'm the last one back there if somebody else misses a tackle, it's not really noticed,'' Thompson said. “If I miss a tackle, it's kind of in the open field, everybody sees it. That has to be a strong point in my game.''
Adams is not considered as strong in coverage as Thompson.
see also Phil Simms thinks he knows what Eli Manning's problem is PHILADELPHIA — Carson Wentz leads the Eagles with 61 rushing... Eli Manning in his first 13 seasons completed 59.7 percent of his passes. Through three games in Year No. 14, he is hitting on 73.5 percent, second in the league behind Alex Smith, but Manning has completed more passes (86) than Smith has attempted (84). In many ways, it is empty accuracy, as the Giants went the first 11 quarters of the season managing to score only 13 points. McAdoo and offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan admit last week's up-tempo, get-the-ball-out-of-Eli's-hand-quickly approach was opponent-specific and not an attack style the Giants can lean on every game.
Paul's pick
Scoring 24 points in the fourth quarter last week has to enliven a dormant offense. Allowing so many rushing yards has to enrage a stunned defense. Playing a third road game in the first four is not easy, and the Giants specialize in making things difficult on themselves.
Giants 23, Buccaneers 16
Why U.S. Deficit Spending Is a Good Thing
Stephanie Kelton, Stony Brook University professor of public policy and economics, discusses the impact of U.S. tax cuts and infrastructure spending on employment and the economy with Bloomberg's Joe Weisenthal on "What'd You Miss." (Source: Bloomberg)
Seventh Woods works on his shooting prior to the Tar Heels' game against Pittsburgh on Saturday. Robert Willett rwillett@newsobserver.com
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — Mayor Megan Barry heard a knock at her door at 3 a.m. on Sunday, July 30.
“Your first thought is that you've had a police officer who's been injured,” she said, “and you need to get dressed, you need to go to the hospital, and you need to comfort the family."
Instead, she was the one who would need comforting. The officers at the door told her it was her son who had just died of a suspected overdose in Denver hours earlier.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Nashville Mayor, Mourning Son's Overdose Death, Aims to Speak Out 1:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Barry told NBC News Wednesday her son had a combination of drugs in his system when he died of an overdose 10 days ago.
She said the drugs included Xanax, cocaine, and the opioids methadone and hydromorphone. The autopsy report showed the cause of death as “combined drug intoxication.”
"I didn't see it coming," Barry said — even though Max Barry, 22, had been to rehab once before in Florida for abusing Xanax. He'd recently graduated from the University of Puget Sound and moved to Colorado.
"He was our only child,” she said. "I want to just shake him and say, 'What were you thinking?'"
Max Barry, son of Nashville Mayor Megan Barry and Bruce Barry, died from an apparent overdose in Denver, Colorado on the evening of Saturday, July 29, 2017. Barry Family
At an emotional memorial service last week, the mayor's husband, Bruce, remembered his son.
"We've all made incredible mistakes that we could almost always walk away from,” he said. “He made one he couldn't walk away from."
Barry returned to work for the first time on Monday, and she has decided to take her story public.
“It's definitely part of my new normal,” she said. “To bring awareness to this because I don't want this to happen to anybody else.”
In Nashville alone last year, there were 245 deadly overdoses involving opioids, the mayor's office said. That's a 120 percent jump from the year before.
On Tuesday, President Trump stopped short of declaring a national emergency — but pledged to ramp up law enforcement to combat the crisis.
"We're not going to arrest our way out of this problem,” Barry said. “You need having access to beds and treatment. Treating this like a disease by declaring a federal emergency — we [would] get those resources that we need."
Max Barry's last text to his mother. NBC News
Barry said her son's death still hadn't sunk in.
“This hole that I have in my heart will never be filled,” she said. “And I reach for my phone because like most 22-year-olds, we texted a lot."
She shared their final texts just hours before her son's death.
"I'm so grateful that the last words we said were: ‘I love you and I love you too, Mom.'"
For the second time in recent weeks, a pre-sentence hearing for the San Jose man who pleaded guilty to abusing and killing 21 cats has been rescheduled because a psychologist for his defense was unavailable to testify.
Santa Clara County Deputy District Attorney Alexandra Ellis announced April 6 that the next day's scheduled hearing “was postponed because the defense expert is not available.” A new hearing has been set for May 12 at 10 a.m.
Ellis assured a group of residents who have closely followed the case against Robert Roy Farmer, 26, for more than a year that the latest development was not a ploy by the defense team to delay proceedings. She said prosecutors twice have been ready to put an animal control officer on the stand, though they haven't indicated what the officer is expected to testify.
Farmer's attorney, Wesley Schroeder, also kept mum despite enlisting the services of a San Francisco forensic psychologist for the hearing.
Superior Court Judge Sharon A. Chatman told attorneys last month she wants to hear from the psychologist who had previously examined Farmer before she decides whether he should register as a sex offender after he's ultimately released from prison for having also sexually abused one of the cats.
Farmer has been in custody at the Elmwood Correctional Facility in Milpitas since October 2015, when San Jose police found him asleep inside his car with a dead cat next to him. Farmer pleaded guilty last year to 21 felony counts of animal cruelty and one count each of misdemeanor battery and being under the influence.
Prosecutors and defense attorneys have focused on a San Jose Animal Care and Service necropsy report that could influence whether the judge orders Farmer to register as a sex offender. The report states the female orange tabby cat had dilated genitals and that a DNA match between Farmer and the cat was found under its claws.
But Schroeder has questioned those findings. In an email, he told the Resident a “(tuolidine blue) test designed to highlight abrasions or subtle trauma from sexual assault failed to show any evidence of even the most minuscule trauma.” More DNA testing linked Farmer to a total of 21 feline victims.
Although it is unclear whether anyone in California has had to register for sexually abusing an animal, Ellis has said the judge has the authority to make that decision. In a previous interview, Ellis said that “under California law, any crime–any crime–that is motivated by a sexual desire, intent, gratification, there's discretionary registration.”
Farmer could face up to 16 years in prison.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Vintage still going for some
It has been a case of better late than never when it comes to vintage this season. Leeton shire's two wineries have both reported a later than usual vintage this season, due to a number of factors. For Lillypilly Estate Winery, grapes still need to be harvested for its late varieties. Source, The Irrigator.
Your guide to what's on across the region this week.
Monday December 11
PUBS
THE BLACK LION, OLD TOWN, BRIDLINGTON: Poker league, starts at 7pm, all welcome with free supper.
THEATRE
STEPHEN JOSEPH THEATRE, SCARBOROUGH: A Scarborough Christmas Carol, 10am.
MUSIC
FARRER'S BAR AND BRASSERIE, SCARBOROUGH SPA: The Monday menu with music with Damien Rhodes. Music starts 7pm.
THE SCARBOROUGH FAIR COLLECTION, LEBBERSTON: Scarborough Electronic Organ Society present Elizabeth Harrison in concert, 7.30pm.
Tuesday December 12
PUBS
SEABIRDS, FORTYFOOT, BRIDLINGTON: Bingo every Tuesday at 2.30pm.
THE FRIENDLY FORESTER, BRIDLINGTON: Smart Phone Quiz from 9pm. Free entry.
OLD SHIP INN, BRIDLINGTON: Quiz night from 9pm.
THE WHITE HORSE, BEMPTON: Quiz, 9pm start. Free entry.
THEATRE
STEPHEN JOSEPH THEATRE, SCARBOROUGH: A Scarborough Christmas Carol, 10am.
THE STUDIO, YORK THEATRE ROYAL: The Book of Dragons, 10.30am and 1pm.
HULL NEW THEATRE: Peter Pan starring Darren Day and Brendan Sheerin, 2pm and 7pm.
MUSIC
NORTHERN LIGHTS SUITE, WHITBY PAVILION: A Christmas Tea Dance with Ray Kirk, 12pm.
ULL CITY HALL: Family Christmas Concert, 6.30pm.
Wednesday December 13
PUBS
THE GEORGE HOTEL, WHITBY: Karaoke with Keith from 9:30pm.
THE BOARD INN, WHITBY: Quiz night, 9pm.
THE STATION INN, WHITBY: Ray Randall, 9pm.
THE IVANHOE, SCARBOROUGH: Barry Robinson Big Quiz, 8pm.
THE FRIENDLY FORESTER, BRIDLINGTON: Red Tooth Poker Night starting at 8pm.
SEABIRDS, FORTYFOOT, BRIDLINGTON: Quiz and games night every Wednesday night at 8pm.
OLD SHIP INN, BRIDLINGTON: Bingo night from 8pm.
THE BEACONSFIELD ARMS, BRIDLINGTON: Free pool table from 1pm until 8pm.
THEATRE
STEPHEN JOSEPH THEATRE, SCARBOROUGH: A Scarborough Christmas Carol, 10am.
THE McCARTHY, STEPHEN JOSEPH THEATRE, SCARBOROUGH: The Adventures of Aluki and Nanuk, 10.30am.
THE STUDIO, YORK THEATRE ROYAL: The Book of Dragons, 10.30am and 1pm.
HULL NEW THEATRE: Peter Pan starring Darren Day and Brendan Sheerin, 2pm and 7pm.
MUSIC
HULL CITY HALL: Family Christmas Concert, 6.30pm.
Thursday December 14
PUBS
YE OLDE FORGE VALLEY INN, WEST AYTON: Music quiz 9pm.
THE NELSON, SCARBOROUGH: Karaoke, 7pm until late.
NAGS HEAD, SCALBY: "All Ears" Open Mic Session with Phil Hooley from 9pm.
BONHOMMES BAR, FILEY: Fun quiz and games night.
NEWLANDS PUB, SCARBOROUGH: Free pub quiz from 9pm.
HIGHLANDER BAR, ESPLANADE, SCARBOROUGH: Fun trivia quiz and Play Your Cards Right, 9pm.
THE GEORGE HOTEL, WHITBY: Open Mic Night from 9:30pm.
BOARD INN, WHITBY: Carl Robinson, 9pm.
LOBSTER POT, BRIDLINGTON: Quiz Night with Pete Ray at 8pm every Thursday.
MONTFORD HOTEL, BRIDLINGTON: Pub quiz with supper: 9pm.
THE OLD SHIP INN, BRIDLINGTON: Karaoke with Lena from 8pm.
VICTORIA CLUB, BRIDLINGTON: Quiz followed by ‘Play your Cards Right' and win a gallon of beer. Starting 9pm.
THEATRE
STEPHEN JOSEPH THEATRE, SCARBOROUGH: A Scarborough Christmas Carol, 10am and 1pm.
THE McCARTHY, STEPHEN JOSEPH THEATRE, SCARBOROUGH: The Adventures of Aluki and Nanuk, 10.30am.
MAIN HOUSE, YORK THEATRE ROYAL: Jack and the Beanstalk, starring Berwick Kaler, 7.30pm.
THE STUDIO, YORK THEATRE ROYAL: The Book of Dragons, 10.30am and 1pm.
HULL NEW THEATRE: Peter Pan starring Darren Day and Brendan Sheerin, 2pm and 7pm.
MORTIMER SUITE, HULL CITY HALL: Gimme Gimme Gimme - Comedy Dinner Show, 7.30pm.
MUSIC
GRISTHORPE AND LEBBERSTON VILLAGE HALL: Village Voices Choir are holding their annual Christmas Concert at 7.30pm. Admission on the door will be £5 to include refreshments . All proceeds will be shared between Gristhorpe and Lebberston Village Hall and St Thomas's Church. Everyone welcome.
EXHIBITIONS CURRENTLY SHOWING ACROSS THE REGION
INSPIRED BY … GALLERY, DANBY: Winter Art - Welcome to the annual showcase seasonal exhibition from the artists of Brigantia. They present a gorgeous selection of leatherwork, jewellery, textiles, ceramics, photography, prints and paintings – wintertime, seen through artists' eyes. Exhibition runs to Sunday 21 January. Free entry. Open 10am-5pm.
BECK ISLE MUSEUM, PICKERING: To celebrate the museum's 50th anniversary there are new displays on the history of the museum and the building as well as a small temporary exhibition ‘50 years, 50 objects' showcasing the wide ranging collection from early bronze age arrowheads to 1960s costume. Open from 10am-4pm, February, March, October and November and from 10am-5pm April through to September.
BLANDS CLIFF GALLERY, SCARBOROUGH: The current exhibition is "Music in Clay", with guest artists Sue Maufe and Shirley Sheppard, runs until the end of November. This is in addition to our large pottery and sculpture collection from many artists. The gallery is open Wednesday to Sunday 12pm-5:30pm.
SCARBOROUGH MARITIME HERITAGE CENTRE, EASTBOROUGH: Our current exhibition is Fishermen's Ganseys. Ganseys, as they are known here, are fishermen's jumpers knitted with four or five needles. It is a skilled art that not many people know how to do now. Many towns or families had their own patterns and the ganseys lasted a lifetime. Open 11am to 4pm Wednesday to Sunday.
SCARBOROUGH ART GALLERY, THE CRESCENT: A New Olympia - Designs on Scarborough. In the 1930s plans for re-designing Scarborough as an Art Deco oasis were drawn up. The New Olympia - Designs on Scarborough exhibition explores the fascinating proposals of architect Stanley Davenport Adshead with his plans and photographs of the period. Come and reimagine Scarborough as a ‘Great Gatsby' location. The exhibition runs until January 7. Open Tuesday to Sunday and bank holiday Mondays, 10am-5pm.
SCARBOROUGH ART GALLERY, THE CRESCENT: Scarborough Museums Trust presents a new exhibition called A Day at the Seaside. The exhibition celebrates Britain's rich seaside heritage by displaying a collection of posters, objects and a film made specially by Yorkshire Film Archive showing the signficance of Scarborough's status as the UK's first seaside holiday destination. It celebrates the cultural heritage of the town; showing the number of different attitudes of the past, impact of tourism on the area and resonance with people who went on holiday to the area in the past. The Museum hopes that the exhibition will generate nostalgia and remind visitors of their own memories of the seaside holiday. The exhibition runs until January 7. Open Tuesday to Sunday and bank holiday Mondays, 10am to 5pm.
MIDDLESBROUGH INSTITUTE OF MODERN ART: The Middlesbrough Collection encompasses art and craft from the mid-1800s to the present day. The exhibition runs until Sunday 31 December. Open Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday 10am-4.30pm, Thursday 10am-7pm, Sunday 12pm-4pm.
Arkansas TE banned for stealing at bowl-sponsor store CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Arkansas senior tight end Jeremy Sprinkle was suspended for the Belk Bowl game Thursday night against No. 18 Virginia Tech after police accused him of shoplifting from...
Best moments of the flawed BCS NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. — The 16th and final BCS Championship game is upon us. It is an era that will be remembered for its controversy and chaos, but must be...
After backing out of Rutgers, NJ lineman has shot at BCS title Josue Matias could be in Piscataway, not Pasadena. As a prized offensive line prospect at Union City (N.J.) High School, Matias appeared to be following the tradition of the city's...
Regular season dominance could hurt Florida State vs. Auburn Florida State dominated opponents over 13 games this season, pummeling them by a winning margin of more than 42 points per game. What were they thinking? The fact the Seminoles...
Rod Gilmore looking forward to Miami-Louisville clash ESPN college football analyst Rod Gilmore talks with The Post's John DeMarzo about appealing bowl matchups and Rutgers' prognosis in the Big Ten. Q: Of the 22 bowls will be...
Pigskin profit: Post's bowl guide lives on! Are you ready for some (mostly meaningless) football? Bowl season is back — the final one without a playoff system. But don't fret. The traditional charade of college football's postseason...
Florida State, Auburn in final BCS title game After a decade and a half of controversy and debate, the BCS Era will end with a national championship match-up that will spark little outrage. When the final BCS standings...
Ohio State, Florida State look to capitalize on SEC 'miracle' The SEC has won seven straight BCS championships, and all it took was a miracle of the conference's own doing to put that streak in jeopardy. “To me, this one...
Miracle-pulling Auburn shouldn't pass Ohio State in BCS Auburn fans were still on the field, still figuring out what had happened and how it had happened, when it became clear this season would suffer the same fate as...
Mānuka honey will need to be tested before it can be sold overseas as Mānuka come the new year. Agriculture Minister Damien O'Connor says by defining Mānuka it will keep quality producers in and keep cowboy operators out.
A world first when it comes to a definition for Mānuka honey, which Agricultural Minister Damien O'Connor says will sweeten the quality of the industry.
“This will give confirmation and confidence for people who want to go out and invest in hives and in the production of Mānuka honey, they know that they will be able to produce something that is certified and ultimately, overtime, I am sure more valuable."
Honey will be tested for five markers - four chemical and one DNA - before it will qualify as mānuka for overseas sale.
National's Food Safety spokesperson David Bennett says the definition roundly ignores industry feedback.
“That definition excludes a chemical test for Leptosperin that the honey industry currently uses in its existing tests, and that they strongly advocated for inclusion in the Ministry test during its consultation period.
“The Minister excluded Leptopserin as he believes it dilutes over time. But he needs to show what proof he has of that dilution and the time that the dilution takes."
Exporters will foot the testing bill based on checking 200ltr drums, with new export requirements starting February 5.
Minister O'Connor says "initially it will be $150-$160 for a drum but up to 300kgs drums anywhere from $15-$44 per kilogram, you can do the calculations, it is not a huge amount."
The Mānuka honey industry is currently worth $180million to New Zealand each year, and the regulation announcement comes as the UK's trademark agency recognises New Zealand's rights to the name Mānuka and that the product is unique to Aotearoa.
The Minister says "I've met with representatives from the Māori producers and they're very supportive of us getting a standard in place because Māori producers like everyone else have been at risk by those cowboy operators who wanted to adulterate and in fact sell Mānuka honey that wasn't true to label,"
The Ministry for Primary Industries test will also be able to determine whether the honey is mono-floral or multi-floral.
IDG
Have you ever had a friend or a family member go on an exotic vacation only to find yourself living vicariously through their social media posts? Well, now you can also live vicariously through a robot.
Bay area start-up Let's Robot allows users to control its robotic fleet through a chat room. Users type commands into the chat room to move the robots in a certain direction or to play around with their LED lights. You can think of it as a collaborative, interactive avatar.
"When I started, I wanted to make the world's first live, interactive show" featuring robots, says Jillian Ogle, founder and CEO of Let's Robot. She soon found that the technical infrastructure to create such a show didn't exist, so, along with the help of a few engineers, she set out to make her own.
"I started by making dungeons and labyrinths in my living room."
Let's Robot now has 10,000 active users who log in each week to tag along with the robots as they explore different environments or attempt to complete missions. Past streams have included treasure hunts and robots making party invitations. According to the company's Twitch page, live streams take place every Tuesday and Thursday from 1 to 3 p.m. PST. A list of upcoming events includes making Jill a sandwich and painting with
A list of upcoming events includes making Ogle a sandwich and painting with Bob Ross.
Let's Robot operates using an open API, so anyone can make their own robot and integrate it with the platform. However, Ogle says the company also hopes to develop a consumer version to sell to individuals who may not be robotics savvy.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Police are appealing for witnesses to a crash between a lorry and a car on the M1.
The incident happened between 3.15pm and 3.30pm on Monday, April 30 near junction 28 on the northbound carriageway. Police said they understand the lorry struck the back of a black Audi TT, which was being driven by a 25-year-old woman. The driver of the lorry didn't stop and hasn't since come forward. A Derbyshire police spokesperson said: “We would particularly like to hear from anyone who might have dash cam footage of the incident – and from the driver of another nearby HGV who signalled for the driver of the lorry involved in the collision to stop, to no avail.” If you have any information, contact PC Kelia Marceta-Cooper on 101 quoting reference 18000201120. Alternatively, send her a message online by visiting the Contact Us section of our website. You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
× Tesla's license to sell cars in Missouri has expired
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Tesla could see some issues this week after their license to sell cars at their Missouri showrooms expired over the weekend.
The company has two stores in Missouri, one in St. Louis and one on the Plaza.
The Missouri Auto Dealers association had sued to block Tesla from selling cars in Missouri. This all has to do with how they're sold because people buy Teslas directly from the company, instead of a dealership.
The company is weighing its options, but in the meantime customers can still buy cars online.
Read more from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Phoenix ended the season 21-4 overall, with all four losses by 5-3 or 5-4 margins. CU lost in the Mid-South Conference Tournament championship match, 5-4, before taking a 5-2 decision over McPherson College in the Round of 16 in the national tournament.
Cumberland then dropped a 5-4 decision to Reinhardt University in the quarterfinals, a match that took nearly eight hours because of length and rain delays. The Phoenix spent the last two months of the season ranked in the top 10 nationally, reaching as high as No. 6.
It marked the second time in program history that Cumberland reached the quarterfinals in the national tournament, joining the 2014 club in program annals.
Women ranked 20th
MOBILE, Ala. — Cumberland women's tennis moved up two spots to No. 20 in the NAIA postseason coaches' top 25 poll, released last week by the national office at the conclusion of the NAIA Championships.
The Phoenix played in the national tournament for the fifth time in program history and second in the last three years, dropping a 5-4 decision to Middle Georgia State in the first round. CU finished the season 13-11 overall playing with six freshmen or sophomores among the seven players on the squad under first-year head coach Karen Martinez.
Nine of the team's 11 losses came against teams ranked at the time of the match or clubs who finished the year ranked in the top 25 while two others were against NCAA Division II opponents.
A Russian Sukhoi 25 fighter jet has been shot down in a rebel-held area near Idlib in north Syria, reports say.
The pilot was said to have ejected before the crash and been captured, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said.
Video posted on social media appeared to show the plane being hit, while other video showed burning wreckage on the ground, with a red star on a wing.
Russia has acted alongside its Syrian allies targeting rebels in the area.
The fate of the pilot has not yet been confirmed, nor which group shot his plane down or captured him.
Hardline rebel groups including the jihadist, al-Qaeda-linked Hayat Tahrir al-Sham are active in the north-western province.
GIRLS
Sam Houston 17, Castle Heights 11
Keeli Davis fired in five points for Sam Houston while Rolandria Dowell and Alyssa Horne each finished with four and Madison Huggins and Macie Miller two apiece.
Takisia Hastings had eight points for Castle Heights while Chelsey Goodloe tossed in two and Liz Thompson a free throw.
Lucy Lea and Alyssa Wood each fired in four fifth-period points for Sam Houston.
Coles Ferry 25, Byars Dowdy 6
Alyssa Whittaker tossed in 12 points for Coles Ferry while Lydia Deffendall scored six; Lyla Adams, Alyissa Williamson and Emily Williams two each and Azaria Jeter a free throw.
Zoe Kirby finished with four points and Avah Perry two for Byars Dowdy.
Williams tossed in two fifth-period points for Coles Ferry.
Carroll-Oakland 12, Tuckers Crossroads 9
Kinsley Coleman collected eight points for Carroll-Oakland while Lea Brazelton and Nicole Reed each tossed in two.
Jamie Simms scored seven points and LaDaisha Word two for Tuckers Crossroads.
Minna Gouda finished with four fifth-period points for Tuckers Crossroads.
BOYS
Sam Houston 28, Castle Heights 4
Remaurion Jackson's eight points led Sam Houston while Maddox Hallum scored seven, Antwan Abston and Mason Hallum four each, Dame'on Calloway three and Cooper Hays two.
Jacob Rasinar threw in three points and Cade Thorne a free throw for Castle Heights.
Vatavion Leftridge fired in five points and Jaden Cook four in the fifth quarter for Sam Houston while Jarius Keeley countered with two for Castle Heights.
Coles Ferry 32, Byars Dowdy 7
Markeese Crowell and Jordan Lawson each scored six points for Coles Ferry while Ja'Michael Miitchell finished with five, Malik Humes and Jordan Jewell four apiece; Kalib Gilbert, Connor Jones and Ethan Schweer two each and Brody Royalty a free throw.
Josh Burgett threw in three points for Byars Dowdy while Deshawn Sawyers and Terrell Searcy each scored two.
Trey Johnson fired in four points and Jack Greer two in the fifth quarter for Coles Ferry while Edgar Vega countered with two for Byars Dowdy.
Carroll-Oakland 38, Tuckers Crossroads 6
Avery Harris tossed in 12 points for Carroll-Oakland while Brody Reasonover added eight, Carson Fox seven, Carson Teel five, Peyton Laws four and Cash Williams two.
Carter Bass and Logan Hackett each threw in three for Tuckers Crossroads.
Carroll-Oakland's Garry Owens and Tuckers Crossroads' Colt Jackson each tossed in two fifth-period points.
Lebanon city league results
Results from last Thursday's Lebanon Junior/Senior Pro Basketball League games played at the Harold Dean Greer Recreation Center:
6-7 BOYS AND GIRLS
Red 9, Gold 8
Peyton Webb fired in four points for the Red while Tre Burford and Niken Walker each tossed in two and Jaden Fugate a free throw.
Jaiden Goldsmith and Mason Seaborn each fired in four for the Gold.
Orange 16, Gray 10
Jase Atwood and Harper Haskins each scored six points for the Orange while Cami Dockins and Canaan Rozell tossed in two apiece.
Eli Spurlock and Ronaldo White each finished with four points and Gabriel Ramkissoon two for the Gray.
11-BOYS
Blue 24, Gold 12
Jacob Blankenship threw in 13 points for the Blue while Thomas Curley scored seven and Anthony Crowell four.
Damrcus Thompson scored seven points and Abe Goolsby five for the Gold.
President Donald Trump speaks to supporters and local politicians at an event at Manchester Community College on 19 March in Manchester, New Hampshire.
On 7 March, senior negotiators from the G7 group of the world's leading industrial nations were due to meet in Canada for a preparatory meeting ahead of the annual summit in June. So concerned were the German, French, Italian and British officials about the prospect of President Trump slapping tariffs on steel and aluminium imports that they had taken the highly unusual step of meeting in advance to agree a common position, a European diplomat who was present at the meeting told BuzzFeed News.
But the Europeans' strategising turned out to be all for nothing. No sooner had the senior US negotiator landed in British Columbia when he learned his boss, Gary Cohn, had quit his job as Trump's chief economic advisor because the president was about to announce he was going ahead with the tariffs. The official turned around, and flew back to Washington DC.
The next day, Trump signed two proclamations to apply additional tariffs of 10% and 25% respectively on certain imports of aluminium and steel into the US.
“The meeting was basically useless,” the European diplomat said. “We were all waiting to hear from the US, and along came Trump's proclamation. A significant, unequivocal signal.”
The episode – the latest twist in a fraught set of tense, and often bizarre, EU-US encounters – reveals just how worried the Europeans are about Trump's apparent willingness to start a trade war, and the challenge in resolving this while dealing with a US administration in chaos and a president they see as erratic.
This latest standoff tees up a crucial week for transatlantic trade as the EU tries to maintain a strong, united front that pushes back against Trump but doesn't provoke further escalation – a task made even harder by recent election results, especially in Italy, that demonstrate the rise of populism in Europe too.
The tariffs, which are due to take effect from Friday, are likely to feature in Thursday's European Council meeting of EU leaders in Brussels, and European officials are due in Washington for talks this week.
The White House argues that the tariff measures address threats to national security caused by the imports of aluminium and steel from certain countries.
The European Union describes the move as unjustified, and has rubbished the national security argument, believing it is simply a disguise to introduce new tariffs.
While the EU has publicly said it is ready to retaliate if Trump includes European imports in the tariffs, government officials on this side of the Atlantic have told BuzzFeed News that they fear the president will try to divide and conquer by offering deals to individual EU nations in an attempt to isolate his real target: Germany.
“He talks about Europe, but Germany is the target,” the diplomat said.
Any move by Trump to carve out exemptions or specifically target any individual EU states would be technically illegal – and unthinkable under any previous US president – because trade is a competence of the EU as a whole. The worry, however, is that Trump, in his disregard for international norms, could try to drive a wedge between the EU's 28 member states by offering bilateral arrangements and sweeteners.
“I am very worried about this possibility. It's a big risk. It would be really important to remain united because it would be very very serious. In effect, Trump would not be recognising the EU,” the diplomat said.
“There is solidarity between member states. France would stick by Germany. The UK is on side too for now. But who knows if it comes to it? Officials are all in agreement, but they respond to governments of course, and you have the business lobby, public opinion, populists…” the diplomat said.
They specifically mentioned Matteo Salvini – the far-right anti-EU pro-Trump politician who was among the big winners of Italy's March 4 election, and could become the country's next prime minister.
Fat kids have a fifth fewer friends and are 70 percent more likely to be shunned than their slimmer classmates.
Experts say shaming kids who are tubby makes them more likely to put on weight.
And they said isolating podgy children puts them at increased risk of loneliness, depression and poor health. The study was published June 7 in PLOS One.
Researchers looked at 504 kids with an average age of 11.
They found chubby youngsters were more likely to be excluded from friendships and called their peers friends when the feeling was not mutual.
The research also discovered fatter kids disliked a fifth more classmates than thinner children.
Kayla de la Haye, the study's lead author and a professor at the University of Southern California, said: “Our finding is alarming because if we continue to have social environments where fat shaming is the norm, these kids will continue to be ostracized.”
“Those interactions increase the risk of loneliness, depression, poor eating habits and illness.”
Bartender drafts a glass of beer in a restaurant at the Pilsner Urquell brewery in Pilsen, Czech Republic, Friday, Aug. 26, 2011. With beer costing roughly the same as water, Czechs are the undisputed world leaders in beer drinking.
A New York City man firebombed his regular Manhattan bar earlier this week when the owner wouldn't let him in, according to authorities.
Luis Saquicili was arrested on arson charges after federal and NYPD officials said he chucked a Molotov cocktail into the bar in East Harlem on Wednesday night..
Authorities said that Saquicili had been going to the bar for a year, and that he threw the explosive into the bar when the owner told him he was too drunk to come in.
No one was injured.
Attorney information for the man wasn't immediately available.
In June 1979, the Bee Gees were on top of the world. Months before, their “Saturday Night Fever” soundtrack, featuring songs written and/or performed by the Australian trio, had won...
Search operations resumed Wednesday after an empty boat belonging to the CEO of surfwear brand Quiksilver washed ashore off the coast of southwest France.
Pierre Agnes Iroz Gaizka / AFP - Getty Images file
Pierre Agnes, 54, a father of three, was reported missing Tuesday after his “beloved” vessel Mascaret III was found on an Atlantic beach at Hossegor, near his hometown of Capbreton, which is about 20 miles north of Biarritz.
Agnes hasn't been seen since going on a regular morning fishing expedition, according to his company.
Authorities in the area, which is popular with surfers, said search efforts resumed early Wednesday after being paused overnight.
Quiksilver was founded in Australia but is now part of Boardriders, a California-based apparel group.
Agnes served as the head of Quiksilver's France-based European headquarters before taking charge of the entire company in 2015.
In a statement, Boardriders said Agnes “did what he did many mornings and went fishing on his beloved boat to start his day” but never returned.
“The Boardriders family and entire surfing world are devastated by this news,” it said. “We are concentrating on working with the local authorities on the search and rescue effort and supporting Pierre's family.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Quiksilver CEO's motorboat found on French beach 1:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
American surfer Kelly Slater posted a picture of Agnes on his Instagram feed saying: “I love this man,” adding that Agnes' boat “washed ashore in the cold, early morning fog."
“I'm praying for a miracle but it's just starting to hit me what a profound effect this man had on my life and the surf community at large,” Slater wrote.
Despite his global business travel, Agnes was “viscerally attached” to his hometown and the “tumultuous” local waters, according to a profile on the Sudouest local news site.
Boardriders this month bought Australian brand Billabong for $155 million.
Non-Profit Groups Earn Money Cleaning Ditches – The M.D. is looking for non-profit groups to sign up for the Roadside Cleanup Program. Rates vary from $50 to $100 per kilometer depending on the road that is being cleaned. April 29 is the first scheduled day to start the clean-up efforts. Groups that will be accepted are non-profit community groups or youth programs. Last year 26 groups participated in cleaning up over 321 km of road. Please call Brad at the Ag and Waste office at 780-826-3951 to sign up.
One Door Closes and Another One Opens – Kinosoo Ridge Snow Resort closed its doors at the end of March, but M.D. campground reservations opened up on April 1. The Ridge's 35th Anniversary season got off to a slow start, but the overall numbers look good. The hill received a lot of good comments from schools this year because of the introduction of the terrain parks, and the bag jump early in the season. The resort was able to capture a younger market due to the excellent introductory program set up by Kinosoo staff. The summer parks crew will be starting in mid-April. Campground projects underway include the replacement of outhouses, wood processing and delivery and building wood storage and equipment sheds for some of the parks.
Transportation and Utilities Update – Council awarded the $678,810.61 Ardmore Storm Pond East contract to SITE Resource Group Inc. Some equipment is currently being switched over to summer operations, although the threat of snow still hanging over the area means some plows are still on standby. Crews have been busy answering multiple flooding and frozen culvert calls. Three steam crews are out, along with washout repair crews to fix various problems. Some spot gravelling and patching has already started for some of the more urgent issues. The Oiling Crew is set to begin May 1. The Ardmore Surface Works will begin on May 15. Gurneyville Road paving will begin on June 1. All bridge repair projects have been completed.
Public Safety News – Officers are responding to an increasing number of traffic complaints on M.D. rural roads in the areas north of Highways 659, 660 and 55. Complaints include aggressive driving, high speeds, tailgating and not stopping for school buses. The fifteen minute parking zone in Ardmore has been slightly reduced in size to allow for longer on-street parking for vehicles on the block north of the Ardmore store. Dog-at-large complaints were dealt with in the Moose Lake area subdivisions, Ardmore and Fort Kent. Officers received training from Alberta Health Services on using the antidote kits for Fentanyl and other opioid overdoses. A School Resource Officer will deliver a session on Internet Safety at the 4 Wing Military Family Resource Centre Youth Conference on May 19. The School Resource Officer (SRO) Program provided 68 school visits in the past few weeks, including Drug Awareness sessions, Body Image presentations with both students and parents. SROs also provided Right Choices Programs at Art Smith Aviation and the CSI Program at Glendon School.
Planning and Development Update – The department issued 14 development permits last month – 12 Residential, one Commercial and one Industrial – for a total month end value of $1,285,000, bringing the year-to-date total up to $2,153,950. Housing starts to date include four Single Family Dwellings and one Mobile Home. There have been 12 Subdivision applications. There were also 32 plumbing, gas, sewer and electrical permits issued this month.
Agriculture & Waste Services News – Council awarded the 2017 Ground Water Monitoring for Publics Works Yard and Landfills tender to ELKAN Environmental Engineering for $28,583.25. Ardmore curbside pick-up has been suspended on the west side of the hamlet where there is newly constructed streets to allow the roads to dry up. The M.D. has placed two, 6-yard bins at the back of Ardmore Hall for the collection of household waste. Affected households have had their monthly waste fees suspended. Sales have started for two percent Strychnine for ground squirrel control. The M.D. has 16 cases for sale this spring. The price is $7.50 per 250ml bottle, which treats one gallon of grain. The Strychnine should be used in April and May for best results. The Coyote & Wolf Reduction Program was completed with 932 coyotes and 33 wolves being brought in. Overall the program was successful, with one predation call that the Ag Department issued snares. The department will review the program in the fall. The Fence Line Clearing Policy No. 60.63.08 was updated and passed by Council. Compensation has been increased to $3,500 per half mile, as well as giving property owners the option to sell an additional 17 feet of their property if the road is a 66 foot right-of-way. The compensation to purchase the additional property will be at the current land purchasing rate that Transportation and Utilities uses.
Municipal Election 2017 Bylaw Passed – Council passed Bylaw 1662 to approve the use of voting machines in the October 2017 municipal election. The Bylaw clarifies the rules and procedures for the conduct of this year's municipal election.
Funding Support – The first installment of the Inter-Municipal Cooperation Program funds were distributed to our urban neighbours. The Town of Bonnyville received approximately $500,000, the City of Cold Lake got $322,000 and the Village of Glendon received $77,000. Council agreed to contribute a one-time only grant of $150,000 to the Bonnyville Golf and Country Club for sprinkler system improvements. Friends of Walsh Field received a $240,000 grant to replace the running track and internal field in Bonnyville. The multi-million dollar project is receiving a significant donation from a local donor, as well as other contributions from the community. Council approved an $8,000 contribution to Extreme Mudfest, which occurs on August 24 to 27. The Ardmore Senior Citizen's Club received its $25,000 Annual Operating Grant. The Beaverdam Community Society received a contribution of $25,000 to build at new $30,000 playground at the community hall. The Society has $5,000 put aside for the project. The Cold Lake Agricultural Society received its $20,000 Annual Operating Grant. North Shore Heights/Shay Cho Bay Community Society received it $5,000 Annual Operating Grant. Council approved the purchase of two tables at the Hearts for Healthcare Gala for a total cost of $1,600. Council also approved the annual $10,000 donation to Hearts For Healthcare.
Briefly – Council approved the purchase of the Alberta First Responder Radio Communication System equipment to a maximum amount of $450,000.
For more information, contact Diane Jenkinson, Marketing and Communications Manager at 780-826-3171. Our website is a useful way to get the information you need. Visit: www.md.bonnyville.ab.ca Follow us on Facebook and Twitter @MDBville.
We have been in business in Wilson County since 1958. We are proud to serve the people of Wilson County for all your appliance needs.
We carry great brands such as: Whirlpool, Kitchen Aid Maytag and Amana. So come on down and see us located at 1411 West Main St.
N5.7 billion Fraud: Court remands ex-Katsina governor in EFCC custody
The former governor is standing trial for allegedly misappropriating about N5.7 billion SURE-P funds during his tenure.
The post N5.7 billion Fraud: Court remands ex-Katsina governor in EFCC custody appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A car landed on top of another vehicle following an accident near Dundee city centre.
Emergency services were called to the junction of Brown Street and Guthrie Street — just off Hawkhill in the West End — on Saturday night.
Witnesses said as many as five vehicles were involved in the incident, with other cars left damaged elsewhere in the street.
Police said today that a man had been charged with careless driving following the crash.
Ambulance personnel were also called to the scene with at least one person being taken to hospital, although no further details were available at the time of going to press.
One onlooker said that people were “stunned” to come across the incident at about 7.30pm.
He said: “From what I've heard and seen for myself the crash actually involved as many five cars.
“A silver Audi appeared to have collided with another car at the junction.
“It then landed on a car that was parked.
“A number of the vehicles involved were significantly damaged.
“Quite a crowd gathered to watch what was happening.”
The witness said that it didn't appear anyone had suffered serious injury in the accident.
He added: “Emergency services seemed to take a while to arrive — it was at least 20 minutes after it happened before they turned up.”
A spokesman for the Scottish Ambulance Service said: “We got a call at 7.40pm to attend a road traffic collision at the junction of Brown Street and Guthrie Street.
“One ambulance attended and at least one person was taken to hospital.”
A spokeswoman for Police Scotland said: “I can confirm a man has been charged with careless driving after a road traffic collision involving two cars at Brown Street, Dundee, at 7.30pm on Saturday.”
She added: “A report will be submitted to the procurator fiscal.”
When it comes to couples who share football fandom, sometimes the love between them is as important as their love of the game. For Philadelphia Eagles fans Mike Kelly and Jessica Haines, it was a no-brainer to include their favorite football team in their wedding day.
According to Food & Wine Magazine, the couple says their relationship was founded on their love for the team, and they decided to show off their fandom in a major way. Naturally, the couple chose an Eagles-themed wedding cake for their Jan. 27 nuptials.
Kelly and Haines told NBC's “Today” that they'd made up their minds to use the cake before the Eagles secured their spot in the Super Bowl. So the fact that the team is headed to the big game on Feb. 4 only made their big day that much better!
“We thought in the back of our head, wouldn't it be a miracle if the Eagles would be in [the Super Bowl],” Kelly told the “Today” show. “[The wedding] would be a giant pre-party, and somehow, it was just meant to be.”
But, this wedding cake wasn't entirely football-themed. The couple wanted to have a dash of “elegance” to accompany their Eagles love, and boy did their baker nail it! The Master's Baker, based just outside of Philadelphia, was responsible for the decadent fondant and cake creation. The bakery showed off the cake in an Instagram video captioned, “Combining a classic with a little surprise, this couple had us all rooting for our home team!”
Eagle fans responded well to the cake online. This idea has even inspired some others:
@josephirace a future Irace wedding? Vow renewal? — Cynthia DeSousa (@CynthiaDeSousa4) January 30, 2018
It also had people sharing stories of other ways they've seen the Eagles incorporated in weddings. A green gown, for instance:
Reminds me of a Philadelphian friend I know who wore a green bridal gown. — Ken Coleman (@Coleman_Boston) January 31, 2018
Others were simply left green with envy:
And to that we say: it's never too late to celebrate with a football-themed cake!
The Eagles will take on the New England Patriots in Super Bowl LII on Sunday. Obviously this couple will be tuning in to cheer on the Eagles, but even if you don't care about the football action, Pink will be singing the National Anthem and Justin Timberlake is set to perform at halftime—so there are at least a couple reasons to watch.
Wishing all the best to the newlyweds. And as for the game—may the best team win!
This story originally appeared on Simplemost. Checkout Simplemost for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
After a two-week break following the Players Championship, Justin Thomas is among the many marquee names in this week's field at the Memorial Tournament. Normally, it would be like any other event on Thomas' schedule, but this week will be different, as it marks his first start as World No. 1.
RELATED: Justin Thomas is cool with Tiger drawing bigger crowds, says he'd rather watch him play
If you've ever heard some of the top players in the world rattle off their list of long-term goals you'll notice some similarities that include winning a major, making the Ryder Cup team or getting to the top of the Official World Golf Ranking. The few that are able to accomplish that third item usually downplay it when they're asked about being No. 1, something Thomas did at first on Wednesday during his press conference at Muirfield Village Golf Club.
"I enjoyed it for a couple days when I had the two weeks off," Thomas said of his new ranking. "But after that it was over with. It's not … I wasn't really thinking about it."
Seems fair, but part two of Thomas' answer shows that no matter how much he tries to minimize it, it still means a lot to reach the top.
"I think I was in the middle of flying home when D.J. finished [the Players], and I had been told [I was No. 1]. And it was like, OK, I'm almost home, but when I wake up tomorrow [and see it]. [But] I ended up staying late enough to where I waited to refresh it and saw it and it was pretty cool. Seeing every other golfer in the world behind my name is, was a pretty fun thing."
If you've ever stayed up way too late scrolling through your phone and paid for it in the morning, don't worry, you're not alone. Even the No. 1 player in the world can't resist refreshing, refreshing, refreshing. In his case though, it was for a far better cause, rather than the next tweet or Instagram like us mere mortals.
Oh, and he made sure to take a picture so it would last longer as the saying goes:
PGA Tour pros, they're just like us!
RELATED: Justin Thomas explains why he ejected a fan from his gallery during the final round of his Honda Classic victory
CLEVELAND — The Indians suffered a potentially serious blow at the end of the first inning on Friday, when Edwin Encarnacion had to leave the game with a sprained right ankle trying to get back to second base in Game 2 of the ALDS against the Yankees at Progressive Field.
The Indians DH was at second base with one out when Jay Bruce lined out to shortstop Didi Gregorius behind the bag at second. Encarnacion lunged back awkwardly and twisted his ankle. He stayed on the ground for several minutes while being tended to by the Indians' trainers and had to be helped off the field.
Encarnacion was initially called safe on the play, but the Yankees challenged the play and replays showed that Gregorius was able to double up Encarnacion to get CC Sabathia out of a jam with the scre tied at 2-2.
Michael Brantley replaced Encarnacion at DH and struck out in the second.
Celebrity Martini Glass Auction
Frank and Tracey Grimm with Spirit
Patty and Jay Baker
Jody and Jessica Cameron with Norman
Brenda Melton, John Lodge
Patrick Keesler and Eileen Connolly-Keesler, Katherine Caskey
Lori and Chad Oliver
Tony Orlando
Norman and Mary Love, Mariapia Malerba
What: 2018 auction, which showcased celebrity-signed and artist-designed glasses and raised more than $1.1 million for Paws Assistance Dogs' Veterans programs
Who: CMGA supporters and guests
Where: Artis-Naples.
The event was Sponsored by Naples Illustrated
A van and a pickup collided and caught fire on a highway in eastern Thailand on Monday afternoon, killing 25 people, authorities said.
The public transit van lost control and crossed the grass median, colliding with the pickup truck going in the opposite direction Monday afternoon, according to Thai Road Accident Data for Road Safety Culture, which compiles electronic insurance reports.
Twenty-five people were killed and two survived the crash, said police Col. Dusadee Kunchorn Na Ayutthaya, superintendent of the Ban Bung district police station in Chonburi province.
"An accident like this shouldn't happen but it did," Dusadee said. Both drivers were killed. Police were not yet able to interview the survivors but were investigating to determine what caused the crash.
Thailand has one of the highest traffic fatality rates in the world.
When Magic Johnson arrived at LeBron James' $23 million home Saturday night, they had options of where to finalize a deal that has delivered James to the Los Angeles Lakers.
Perhaps they took the elevator at the three-story mansion to the rooftop terrace and enjoyed views that stretch from downtown Los Angeles to the Pacific Ocean.
Or maybe they retreated to the cigar lounge that sits near the 1,500-bottle wine cellar and separate wine tasting room.
Then again, the soundproof movie theater might have been the ideal retreat. You know, the perfect place to watch highlights of the Showtime Lakers from the 1980s and plot how Magic, as president of operations for the Lakers, and LeBron will construct Showtime 2.0.
And Showtime 2.0 will be spectacular if it's constructed in the same fashion as LeBron's home in the posh Brentwood community, with details readily available online
Santiago Arana, the property developer who doubled as real estate agent, said a series of non-disclosure agreements he signed before the sale went through in November has limited what he and his partner, David Herskowitz, can say.
“The whole goal was for nobody to find out that he bought the house,'' Arana said.
But by now, in Los Angeles, James buying the house is as much a secret as his agreeing to a four-year, $154-million deal with the Lakers.
According to listing details, the 15,846-square foot mansion includes eight bedrooms and 11 bathrooms, four fireplaces and garage space for 10 cars. When the house went on the market last year, The Agency, the realty company that handled the sale, posted this property description:
“Located on one of the most prestigious streets in L.A. with views from downtown to the ocean, this newly constructed estate is a masterpiece of light and design. A generous gated driveway leads to the grand residence, which opens to a soaring great room and custom chef's kitchen with natural French oak and marble floors reclaimed from Spain.
“Four upper level ensuite bedrooms include a luxurious master suite with dual bathrooms, showroom closets and a private patio. A rooftop terrace with direct elevator access offers views to the ocean, while an expansive daylit lower level holds a theater, wine cellar, cigar room with air purifying technology, onyx bar, auto gallery, guest suite and indoor-outdoor gym connecting to a spa with steam room, sauna, shower and massage room.
“Sliding pocket doors off the main level spaces create an effortless indoor-outdoor flow to a sprawling, parklike backyard with an oversized pool and spa, heated dining loggia and outdoor kitchen with BBQ and beer taps.''
Sounds like plenty of space for James, his wife and their three kids. Also the perfect place to have finalized the deal with Magic – and, one day, to celebrate another NBA title.
Follow Peter on Twitter @joshlpeter11
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
“You Can't Turn That Into A House” on FYI takes home improvement to a new level: transforming old grain silos, chicken coops, a dumpster and more into tiny houses.
Here & Now‘s Robin Young learns more about the show from hosts Taimoor Nana (@taimoor_nana), Rehan Nana and Kyle Davis.
Interview Highlights
On the concept behind the show
Taimoor Nana: “This story started off about 10 years ago, and the three of us were sitting around and we had an old grain bin, and a 100-year-old wooden barn that had been partially collapsed due to a tornado — we live here in the Midwest. And we wanted to really take the two and combine them together, and we came up with the design of taking a grain bin and making it into a luxury, two-story cabin that we felt people from the city could come out and enjoy the wilderness, where we really wanted to basically connect people to nature, and the process of building cabins out in the wilderness.”
On the theme of sustainability in the show and the houses they create
Rehan Nana: “There's definitely that aspect. We've all had long discussions about this, and one of the things that we really enjoy is being able to reuse things that would've otherwise been left fallow. If you look across the Midwest, there's literally thousands of old grain silos that, just by the progress of agriculture, they get bigger. And so all these old ones are just left there. And so we looked at them and said, ‘Hey, I think we can turn that into a house,' and we actually did end up doing it. And what's really nice is, a lot of these are out in the country, and so you really get to see a great glimpse of rural America.”
On whether it can be a dangerous job
Kyle Davis: “I mean it is, it is for sure. But you know, it's really a different scenario every single time. I really, I guess just don't like following rules and doing it how everyone else does with a full crew taking months and months on end and hundreds of thousands of dollars. I'd rather do it with two brothers out in the country, maybe a couple farmers, and get it done in a week.”
On seeing a potential home when others might see junk
RN: “We all kind of look at things differently I think, in all of these different structures. And you get to really see when we sit down collaboratively, and start spitballing the potential that an object does have, and I think it's something that I always enjoy because it's breaking something back down. It's almost like being a kid again. Like, you know, getting to play with Legos and imagining what something could be. And I think that when you're looking at a structure to try to turn it into a house, that's one of the critical things that you have to do is not imagine what it is now, but imagine what it could be.”
On building a house out of a dumpster
KD: “We cleared out the trash, and then Rehan got in there with a gigantic, heavy-duty power washer that was the full size of a pickup truck, and just power-washed the thing as good as we possibly could, and it really cleaned up pretty nice in the end. It wasn't a dumpster, it was just a nice metal box to get started building the house.”
On the idea of putting their homebuilding skills to use after hurricanes like Harvey and Maria
KD: “We had some people writing to us saying, ‘Hey, what can we … let's work on something,' and we've kicked around the idea of maybe we do make some portable, prefab housing that could be shipped to disaster areas. I think that would be a really interesting project and challenge to work on.”
Authorities say a shooting at San Francisco UPS warehouse has killed three people as well as the shooter.
In just four days, the ”dumbest” — and largest — proxy fight hedge funder Nelson Peltz ever fought will come to a close.
Procter & Gamble shareholders will vote on Tuesday whether Peltz deserves a seat on the consumer-goods company's 12-person board.
Peltz announced a $3.5 billion stake in P&G through his hedge fund Trian Partners in July. He has argued that his presence is needed on the board to chip away at P&G's “insular” culture.
“This proxy fight is probably the dumbest thing I've ever been involved in,” Peltz told CNBC on Friday, citing the estimated $100 million P&G is spending to keep him off the board.
P&G is opposing Peltz, saying it “is on the right track, with the right management team, the right Board and the right plan.”
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
KANSAS CITY (AP) — A Kansas City man has been ordered to spend 24 years in prison in the shooting death of a suburban father who had been trying to sell a gun on a grocery store's parking lot.
Nineteen-year-old Fazon Swinton was sentenced Friday in Jackson County, where he was convicted in June of second-degree murder, attempted robbery, armed criminal action and leaving the scene of a shooting.
Authorities say 39-year-old Jacob Branter of Lee's Summit was shot and killed in April 2016 outside a Price Chopper store. Prosecutors allege Swinton made arrangements to buy a handgun from Brantner but stole it instead, running off before exchanging gunfire with Brantner.
Swinton later was treated at a hospital for a bullet wound.
$496m arms fund: Reps say Buhari has committed an impeachable offence
Members of the House of Representatives, in a rowdy session on Tuesday, accused President Muhammadu Buhari of committing an impeachable offence over the anticipatory approval granted for the release of total sum of $462 million for procurement of Super Tucano Aircraft from the United States Government.
The aggrieved opposition lawmakers, including a number of All Progressive Congress (APC) reps, alleged that President Buhari's action is an impeachable offence.
The lawmakers made their feelings known when a letter titled: ‘Supplementary input to the 2018 Appropriation bill: Purchase of Super Tucano Aircraft from the United States Government,' dated 13th April, 2018 was read on the floor.
In the letter Buhari disclosed that $1 billion was approved by the State Governors at the Federal Economic Council on 14th December, 2017 where a resolution was passed to buy arms to equip the security agencies in the country.
“With the Council approving that up to $1 billion may be released and utilized from the Excess Crude Account to address the situation. Subsequent upon this approval, we are preparing a comprehensive schedule of all the requirements for each of the security services for presentation to the National Assembly for consideration.
He explained that Nigeria had been in discussions with the US government for a number of years for the purchase of the Super Tucano Aircraft under a direct government-to-government arrangement, adding that the US government recently granted the approval with a deadline within which part payment must be made otherwise the contract would elapse.
“In expectation that the National Assembly would have no objection to the purchase of this highly specialized Aircraft, which is critical to national security, I granted anticipatory approval for the release of $496,374,470. This was paid directly to the Treasury of the United States Government.
“I am therefore writing, seeking approval of this House for the sum of $496,374,470 (equivalent to N151,394,421,335) to be included in the 2018 Appropriation bill, which the National Assembly is currently finalizing.
“The balance of the requirements for critical operational equipment is still being collated from different security services, and will be presented in the form of a supplementary Appropriation bill, in due course,” Bihari said in the two-page letter.
He also informed the House that the Minister of Defence and other appropriate officers will be available to provide further details as may be required by the Lower Chamber.
However, the ‘anticipatory approval' granted by the President generated a heated debate as some aggrieved lawmakers described Buhari's action as an impeachable offence and breach of the provisions of the 1999 Constitution (as amended).
Kingsley Chinda, chairman, House Committee on Public Accounts who raised a point of order, argued that “there's nowhere in our laws that talk about anticipatory approval, that's the content of the letter Mr Speaker just read.
“Last week, we asked our committee on ethics to look at the issue, but clearly Mr President has now said that it has been expended.”
“Is this National Assembly a rubber stamp? (Members shouted no). Let's even say there's something like anticipatory approval, what if we fail to approve?”
“This is an impeachable offence. There's no misconduct that's bigger than this kind of action. There's no country that will tolerate this. I think this is an indication of what has been happening.”
“I urge that we begin impeachment process on Mr President based on this offence,” the River State lawmaker proposed.
On his part, Ali Madaki (APC-Kano) who cited the provisions of Section 1 of the 1999 Constitution observed that the content of the constitution shall be binding on everybody, and that any other law inconsistent with it is null and void.
“So, I believe that even if our rules say so, this constitution overrides that.”
On his part, Shehu Garba who warned the House not to trivialize the issue at hand, maintained that all the Parliamentarians have sworn oath to defend the Constitution, hence should leave no stone unturned to commence the impeachment process.
He also argued that the House should not sweep aside the issue of N460 million fuel subsidies being spent by the present administration every day without the approval of the National Assembly. He said it further confirms the level of impunity being perpetuated by Buhari's government.
In his contribution, Sunday Karimi (PDP-Kogi), also expressed concern over the breach of the constitution.
“My colleague has raised a very crucial constitutional point, and I think we shouldn't waste time in acting. Mr President has accepted that he breached the Constitution and he should be ready to face the consequences.”
However, in his intervention, Pally Iriase, Majority Deputy Chief Whip and Mohammed Monguno (APC-Borno) pleaded that the debate should be allowed to scale through first reading and would be subjected to further debate when the bill is slated for second reading.
In the same vein, Chukwuka Onyeama, Deputy Minority Leader, argued that “it has been established that there's a breach of the constitution.”
“What we should be talking about now is to reply the Executive. Even in our homes, we don't do things like that. Such actions have consequences. A lot of things like this have happened in the past in this administration,” he noted.
In his remarks, Tajudeen Yusuf, chairman, House Committee on Capital Markets and Institutions argued that there was no justification for hurried payment of $496 million for a product that would be delivered in year 2020.
“I want to appeal that we shouldn't misinform ourselves. This is a letter telling us what has been done. I appeal that we should jettison the idea of being partisan in all matters. I stood here as a member of PDP during the 7th Assembly and raised a motion on subsidy, and heaven didn't fall.”
“The arms we are talking about will be supplied in 2020, so what is the urgency in it? This is an impeachable offence,” he observed.
Kayode Oladele, chairman, House Committee on Financial Crimes observed that the request should have been transmitted by the Executive earlier for consideration.
“I know that this is a very tensed matter, but let me say that the Executive should have brought this earlier for appropriation. We know that exigencies take precedence,” Oladele noted.
Other lawmakers who spoke in support of Buhari's action including: Yakoob Balogun (APC-Lagos), noted that the 2018 budget has not been approved. As far as we're concerned, the 2017 budget is still in operation.
On his part, Dan-Agundi maintained that “if an appropriation of a financial year has not been approved, the President may order for withdrawal of certain amount”
“I think the letter of Mr President has not violated any provision as long as the amount doesn't go out of the threshold.”
In his intervention, Emmanuel Orker-Jev, chairman, House Committee on Rules and Business, submitted that the letters of this nature should be allowed to go through first reading and not subjected to debate.
While ruling, Speaker Dogara assured that the bill will be subjected to debate next Thursday with the view to allow members to make input. Dogara observed that the 2017 budget will run up to May, 2018 so nothing affects that.
KEHINDE AKINTOLA, Abuja
The post $496m arms fund: Reps say Buhari has committed an impeachable offence appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
General News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: GNA
Nii Laryea Afotey Agbo – Greater Accra Regional Minister
Nii Laryea Afotey Agbo, the Greater Accra Regional Minister, has urged public servants to be professional in the discharge of their work and continually serve the country with patriotism, neutrality, fairness and loyalty when government changes hands.
He said the service was a noble profession and that there was the need for them to guard against any acts that would affect their image.
“The country's unity is sometimes undermined by polarization along party lines and we need to work with renewed commitment to national development and devote our energies to activities that will change our destiny and build a solid foundation for posterity,” he said.
The Minister gave the advice at the weekend at the end-of-year party for staff of the Greater Accra Regional Co-ordinating Council in recognition of their support and hard work during in 2016.
The event created the platform for staff and management to socialise and share ideas.
Nii Afotey Agbo said the role of public servants in economic development could not be overemphasised, adding that the growth and development of every economy hinged on how resources were judiciously managed to the benefit of the citizenry.
He commended staff for their selfless contribution in demonstrating a high sense of professionalism in the services they rendered to government over the years.
The Minister said the Ministry had partnered with China through the Economic and Commercial Counsellor's Office out of which more than 60 staff had been trained in China in 2016 from all the Municipal, Metropolitan and District Assemblies across the country.
He called for unity among staff members, forgiveness of one another, reconciliation and tolerance to ensure peaceful coexistence.
He commended the security agencies, especially members of the Regional Security Council, for their immense support in maintaining law and order during the 2016 general election.
He urged the staff to give the incoming administration the necessary support in order to achieve the goals of the nation.
Some retirees were presented with refrigerators and washing machines for their selfless contributions and meritorious service.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
The Food and Drug Administration has launched what it calls a “blitz” to stop convenience stores and other retailers from selling e-cigarettes to underaged kids.
It's focusing especially on a product called Juul, an e-cigarette that look like a flash drive, and warned 40 stores about selling the product to children under 18.
The agency also persuaded eBay to control listings, and asked the makers of Juul to turn over marketing research and other documents to help explain why the product has so quickly taken off with teens.
“As part of the FDA's responsibility to protect kids and significantly reduce tobacco-related disease and death, these are the first steps in a new effort aimed at stopping youth use of e-cigarettes,” the FDA said in a statement.
Some of the new electronic nicotine delivery systems “have become wildly popular with kids”, FDA commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb said in a statement.
"These products are also more difficult for parents and teachers to recognize or detect. Several of these products fall under the Juul brand, but other brands, such as myblu and KandyPens, that have similar characteristics are emerging," Gottlieb said.
Juul and other products that look like flash drives don't produce the characteristically visible vapor that other e-cigarette products do. That makes them easy to conceal and more attractive to kids, Gottlieb said.
Last week, public health groups including the American Heart Association, American Lung Association, American Academy of Pediatrics, the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, Truth Initiative and the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network, wrote the FDA to ask the agency to remove Juul from the market until it undergoes FDA review.
“Educators report widespread use of Juul in school bathrooms, hallways and even classrooms,” the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids said in a statement.
The FDA is not going that far but said it would try to stop sales to minors.
“First, we're announcing that the FDA has been conducting a large-scale, undercover nationwide blitz to crack down on the sale of e-cigarettes — specifically Juul products — to minors at both brick-and-mortar and online retailers,” Gottlieb said.
“The blitz, which started April 6 and will continue to the end of the month, has already revealed numerous violations of the law.”
The FDA said it issued 40 warning letters to various businesses, including 7-11 stores in Maryland, Virginia and Massachusetts; vaping retailers and gas station and other convenience stores across the country.
“Today's action should serve to put retailers on notice to stop selling products to minors,” Gottlieb said.
Advocates welcomed the action but said it did not go far enough.
“Today's announcement is a step in the right direction but the FDA needs to accelerate its actions when it comes to regulating e-cigarettes like Juul and remove flavors known to entice youth,” said Dave Dobbins of the Truth Initiative, a group that arose out of a multi-state settlement with tobacco makers.
“Keeping e-cigarettes on the market without first evaluating them is putting an entire generation of young people at risk of addiction.”
Global External Fixation Systems Market 2018-2023 | Growth analysis, Market Size, Insight and Trends In 2018 – Investor Opinion
Global External Fixation Systems Market 2018-2023 | Growth analysis, Market Size, Insight and Trends In 2018
Investor Opinion
Global External Fixation Systems Market 2018 Analysis and Forecast To 2023. 'Global External Fixation Systems Market Analysis Report' is a complete blend of the latest External Fixation Systems market statistics, trends, and growth scenario. This report …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mansfield Town's promotion push continues this afternoon as they host bottom-of-the-table Barnet at the One Call Stadium.
Follow our live feed below from 2.30pm for all the latest from the game. Refresh the page for the latest updates which will appear at the top of the feed.
Scientists have converted a bunch of microbes into what they've dubbed the "world's smallest tape recorder:" By tinkering with the genes of an ordinary laboratory strain of Escherichia coli bacteria, researchers say they've been able to coax the bacteria into not only logging their interactions with the environment but time-stamping these occurrences, as well.
These tiny "tape recorders" — which were detailed in a new study published Nov. 23 in the journal Science — can help underpin a new class of technologies that use bacterial cells to diagnose disease or monitor shifts in the environment, all without disturbing their surroundings.
"Such bacteria, swallowed by a patient, might be able to record the changes they experience through the whole digestive tract, yielding an unprecedented view of previously inaccessible phenomena," senior study author Harris Wang, an assistant professor in the department of systems biology at Columbia University Medical Center, said in a statement.
World's smallest tape recorder is built from microbes Wang Lab / Columbia University Medical Center
The technology behind the tape recorders is the popular gene-editing tool, CRISPR. The tool, which allows scientists to essentially snip out sequences of DNA and replace it with specific genetic material, was originally discovered in bacteria. CRISPR is part of the immune system of certain bacteria — it can copy snippets of DNA from invading viruses so future generations of bacteria can recognize and rebuff subsequent attacks. [10 Amazing Things Scientists Just Did with CRISPR]
"The [CRISPR] system is a natural biological memory device," Wang said. "From an engineering perspective that's actually quite nice, because it's already a system that has been honed through evolution to be really great at storing information."
The team's microscopic recorder consists of a pair of gene-carrying structures known as plasmids. The first, a "timing" plasmid, marks time by expressing certain DNA molecules, called nucleotides, in the CRISPR region of the bacterium's DNA. The other plasmid is modified to create more copies of itself, but only in response to an external signal. The result is a patchwork of background sequences that record time and signal sequences that are inserted in response to changes in the cell's environment.
If that sounds complicated, think of it like this: The timing plasmid prints an "A" at spaced-out time intervals. If there's no "external signal," the scientists would only see this string of A's. But if the second plasmid is turned on by an external signal, it'll insert its stamp into the string of A's. Based on where in that string the second plasmids' stamp shows up, the scientists can deduce when the external signal took place. Like the stripes of data in a magnetic tape, scientists can analyze this further with the aid of computational tools.
In the new study, the researchers showed that the system can record at least three simultaneous signals for several days. The next step is to narrow the targets.
"Now we're planning to look at various markers that might be altered under changes in natural or disease states, in the gastrointestinal system or elsewhere," Wang said.
Originally published on Live Science.
Video
The former White House press secretary tells the BBC the president usually stood by him when he made mistakes. He was "forgiving", says Sean Spicer.
Mining company manager's alleged killer remanded
A 20-year-old mechanic who allegedly confessed to killing Guyanese/Canadian Neil Whyte, a Supply Chain Manager at Aurora Gold Mine, was yesterday arraigned and remanded for the crime.
Anthony Ragnauth of La Penitence, Georgetown appeared before City Magistrate Leron Daly at the Georgetown Magistrates' Courts.
Ragnauth, who was represented by Attorney-at-Law Latchmie Rahamat, was not required to plead to the indictable charge which alleged that on May 24, at 252 Thomas Street, South Cummingsburg, Georgetown, he murdered Whyte.
Government Pathologist Dr. Nehaul Singh revealed that Whyte died as a result of multiple stab wounds to the body.
Whyte, a Guyanese/Canadian citizen, was found in his apartment naked and bound with plastic straps, in a pool of blood in his apartment where he had taken another male individual who later left in a hurry with a black bag.
This raised suspicions with the security guard, who went to Whyte's apartment to question why he didn't follow protocol, which stipulated (Whyte) should have seen his guest out. The security guard found Whyte dead.
Initially, police had arrested the 25-year-old male who was the guest of Whyte at Vryheid Village, West Canje, Berbice. However, he was later released on station bail pending investigations.
During a brief address to the court, Defence Counsel Rahamat requested for her client to be seen by a doctor after claiming that he was abused by several detectives. According to the lawyer, her client was beaten with a baton and his genitals were squeezed.
The lawyer said that the marks of violence about her client's body were observed by another lawyer who had asked police ranks to take the injured man to the hospital.
Ragnauth i
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — An elephant escaped a crocodile at the Liwonde National Park in Malawi on April 10.
Alexander Amuli M'betti Makanga was on a boat safari when he caught this frightening battle on camera.
As seen in the video, a crocodile leaps out of the water and snaps onto a nearby elephant's trunk.
The elephant tries to escape, but the crocodile has latched on.
After much thrashing about, the elephant was able to drag the crocodile out of the water. Other elephants then fight off the crocodile.
Eventually, the crocodile released its grip on the elephant's trunk.
The extent of the injuries to the elephant are not known at this time.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
IBM boasts that Watson can come up with a security analysis in 15 minutes that might take a person a week
San Francisco -- IBM's Watson supercomputer can now consult with the company's security information and event management (SIEM) platform to deliver well researched responses to security events and do so much faster than a person.
Called IBM Q Radar with Watson, the new offering is the introduction of IBM's push for a cognitive security operations center (SOC) that will be built around Watson contributing to decisions made in tandem with other security products from the vendor. IBM announced the service at the RSA Conference 2017.
In the case of Q Radar, when the SIEM catches a security event, human security analysts can choose to enlist Watson's help analyzing the event to determine whether it fits into a known pattern of threat and put it a broader context, IBM says.
To do this, Watson has been fed relevant security research that is continually being updated as analysts publish more blogs and research. That's more information than a human analyst could hope to keep up with, IBM says. The advantage is that Watson doesn't forget any of what it has learned and it can sift through its knowledge faster than a person, IBM says. How fast? It can come up with an analysis in 15 minutes that might take a person a week.
In its investigations, Watson can interact with Q Radar to zero in on the scope of attacks. For example, Watson might find that a security event includes indicators of an attack and compromise that add up to a possible advanced persistent threat from the cyberattack group known under the names CozyDuke, CozyBear, CozyCar or Office Monkeys. Watson can review other data gathered by Q Radar to determine whether there are additional indicators of compromise that point to a broader attack from the group that goes beyond the initial incident being investigated, IBM says.
The company says that the more Watson reads, the more it builds out an understanding of threat intelligence that it can apply to particular events. Underlying its analysis are probability ratings, weighting of incidents and algorithms to sort it all out.
Human analysts can drill down on incidents Watson has researched via descriptions of the threats written in natural language.
Customers have Q Radar on premises and the platform consults with Watson in the cloud.
The service isn't a replacement for human analysts, but rather a tool for them to work more efficiently and thoroughly, IBM says.
+ MORE FROM RSA: See all the stories from the conference +
Current customers of Q Radar can get the Watson integration as an add-on application, as can new customers.
In addition to Q Radar with Watson, IBM plans to add other tools to its Cognitive SOC including IBM BigFix Detect, which makes for quicker detection of endpoint threats and reduces the time to response. This can tie in to IBM's incident response platform, Resilient, to jump start and orchestrate remediation of incidents. It also includes IBM's threat intelligence sharing X-Force Exchange and its threat-hunting platform, i2.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
MILWAUKEE (AP) — A British cybersecurity researcher credited with helping curb a recent worldwide ransomware attack is expected in court Monday to hear federal charges accusing him of creating malicious software to steal banking information three years ago.
Marcus Hutchins could enter a plea during the hearing in Wisconsin federal court, where prosecutors charged him and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere. Authorities arrested the 23-year-old man on Aug. 2 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, where he was going to board a flight to his home in Ilfracombe, England. He had been in Las Vegas for a cybersecurity convention.
Hutchins is free on $30,000 bail, but with strict conditions. He must wear an ankle monitor and stay at a halfway house or under house arrest in Las Vegas until his Monday hearing. A judge also ordered him to surrender his passport and barred him from using any device with access to the internet.
Hutchins' attorney, Adrian Lobo, has not responded to several phone messages from The Associated Press over the last week.
The legal troubles Hutchins faces are a dramatic turnaround from the status of cybercrime-fighting hero he enjoyed four months ago when he found a “kill switch” to slow the outbreak of the WannaCry virus. It crippled computers worldwide, encrypting files and making them inaccessible unless people paid a ransom ranging from $300 to $600.
Prosecutors allege that before Hutchins won acclaim he created and distributed a malicious software called Kronos to steal banking passwords from unsuspecting computer users. In addition to computer fraud, the indictment lists five other charges, including attempting to intercept electronic communications and trying to access a computer without authorization.
The indictment says the crimes happened between July 2014 and July 2015, but the court document doesn't offer any details about the number of victims. Prosecutors have not said why the case was filed in Wisconsin. The name of Hutchins' co-defendant is redacted from the indictment.
Hutchins faces decades in prison if convicted on all the charges.
Besides a great product line, one of the many things that Rampant Design Tools has is selection. They have just released their newest product, “Flare Essentials”, which is a stripped down version of a few of their “Flare” packages, giving you both “standard” lens flares, and “flare transitions”. So, that does beg the question, what do you get with Flare Essentials?
120 Drag & Drop Flare Effects including:
50 SciFi Flares, 50 Natural Flares, 10 Natural Flare Transitions & 10 SciFi Flare Transitions
Instant Download
Easy to Use. Instantly stylize your video.
Easy to follow training included.
Works in all Editing or Compositing Apps including:
Premiere Pro, Final Cut Pro X, Avid, HitFilm & so many more
Download Size: 46GB
These Flares are super simple to use, but keep in mind that if you're a Media Composer editor, you're going to need a third party effect to work with these elements, like BCC”s Composite Effect, or another transfer mode effect from another company like GenArts. If you're clever, you can even use DaVinci's Fusion in Media Composer, and avoid having to use a third party transfer mode effect all together!
The great thing is that once you've made your purchase, these elements are a direct download. You'll get an e-mail with links to your flares, and you're all set to go! If you're quick, Rampant Design has a great first week deal, where you can get all 120 Flares for $59, which is half off the regular price! If you're not sure, or want to try before you buy, make sure you head over to 4Kfree.com, and check out a sampling of products from across the entire Rampant Design Tools library, and you'll also be signed up for their newsletter, that will give you weekly deals on Rampant elements, that gives you access to all the Rampant deals, new tutorials and blog posting, that are always cutting edge, and something that everyone can learn something from. For more information, or to check out the new Flare Essentials, you can check it out at https://rampantdesigntools.com/rampant-flare-essentials/ .
Was This Post Helpful:
Dinner & Gospel Sing Tonight at South Side Restaurant, Findlay. Dinner at 5pm, Music 6-8pm featuring The Seekers, Pat Roberts & Jesse Davlia.
(419-934-5456)
Emergency Preparedness Workshop on Monday, 6pm at the Bluffton Public Library. Free, advance registration requested.
(419-358-5016)
Health & Wellness Expo on Wednesday, 10am-1pm at the Bluffton University Musselman Library. Student scholars in dietetics, nutrition and wellness will present demonstrations and food samples.
(No contact number)
Mobile Health Clinic on Friday, February 9, 9:30-11:30am at the Bluffton Public Library. Free blood pressure, glucose & lipids screenings, info & resources, more. All ages welcome.
(419-358-5016)
All-you-can-eat Fish Fry on Friday, February 9, 5-7pm at the Forest VFW & American Legion. $10 at the door, carry-out available. Proceeds benefit their scholarship fund.
(419-722-3289)
“Be My Valentine” Victorian Tea on Saturday, February 10, 12:30pm at the Grammes-Brown House, Tiffin. Cost $20, reservations required. Sponsored by the Tiffin Historic Trust.
(419-448-8312)
5th annual Purse Bingo Fundraiser on Saturday, February 10 at the Ottawa VFW. Cost $30, doors open at 5:30pm, games begin at 7pm. Proceeds benefit the Ottawa-Glandorf Athletic Boosters & Wrestling Program.
(419-302-3032 or 419-969-0165)
St. Paul Lutheran Church in Upper Sandusky will host a series of Women's Lenten Luncheons on Wednesdays beginning February 14, Noon (thru 3/21). Each week's event will feature a different menu and guest speaker. Cost $4, nursery provided.
(419-310-2293)
An elegant evening of “Love Is In The Air” on Thursday, February 15, 6pm & 8pm at Bluffton University's Yoder Recital Hall. Live music, hors d'oeuvres and desserts, complimentary child care. $20/person, call for tickets.
(419-358-3347)
Winter Instrumental Concert on Sunday, February 18, 2:30pm at the Bluffton University Yoder Recital Hall.
(419-358-3347)
Community Connections Evening on Wednesday, February 21, 5:30-7:30pm at the Bluffton Public Library. Info on library programs, along with programs and services from other organizations, businesses and government agencies. Free.
(419-358-5016)
Findlay Diamond Dawgs Youth Baseball is sponsoring a Casino Bus Trip fundraiser to Greektown Casino, Detroit on Saturday, March 3, leaving Findlay at 11:15am and returning at 10pm. Cost $40/person (includes $15 bonus play and $5 food voucher). Call for tickets.
(419-306-9864)
The Children's Mentoring Connection's Bowling for Kids event will be held on Saturday & Sunday, March 10-11 at AMF Sportsman Lanes. Team registration now available at www.HancockMentors.org
(419-424-9752)
3rd annual “Spring Into Health” Health Fair on Thursday, April 5, 10am-1pm at Good Shepherd Home, Fostoria. Health information for every member of the family, all ages. Lunch available.
(419-937-1801)
The Lebanon-Wilson County Chamber of Commerce sponsored the event.
Community members were invited to view the new 45-unit facility. Upon opening, 60 percent of the units were filled and more were filled Thursday at the event.
The organization plans two more buildings in the next 12-18 months to accommodate an even wider range of residents. Marketing director Heather Sadler said the plan is to become an organization that can fill all the needs of its patrons.
“Our goal is to find a balance between hospitality and health care,” said Sadler. “We want to be able to be an all-needs facility at some point. Our motto is senior living you can trust.”
For more information on the Pavilion, visit thepavilionseniorliving.com.
Gunmen stormed an upscale cafe overnight in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, strafing the building with bullets and barricading themselves inside for hours. By the time security forces reclaimed the restaurant around dawn Monday, at least 18 people had been killed and eight others wounded, according to local authorities.
The West African nation's communications minister, Remis Dandjinou, told reporters Monday that by daybreak, two of the attackers had been killed and several foreign nationals were among the dead. In separate statements, officials in Paris and Ankara confirmed the victims include a French citizen and Turkish citizen, while another Turk was injured in the violence.
While Burkinabe officials blamed Islamist militants for the attack on the Turkish cafe, no one group immediately claimed responsibility.
"I salute the bravery of our security and defense forces whose engagement allowed us to neutralize the terrorists," Burkinabe President Roch Marc Christian Kabore said in a statement, as translated by CNN.
"The struggle against terrorism is a lengthy fight," he added. "That is why I am calling for vigilance, solidarity and unity of the whole nation to face up to the cowardice of our enemies."
In a news conference Monday, Dandjinou detailed the night's bloody events, which opened when he says about three to four militants rolled up to the cafe on motorcycles around 9 p.m. local time. They opened fire on an outside seating area outside then moved indoors, where The New York Times notes a family had been celebrating a 9-year-old boy's birthday.
The newspaper reports the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack.
For Burkinabes, the attack on Aziz Istanbul cafe, which is popular with foreigners, prompts bitter memories of another bloody episode just over 18 months ago. In January last year, militants conducted an hours-long raid on a luxury hotel and a cafe just blocks away from Aziz Istanbul, ultimately killing some 30 people before being dislodged by security forces.
Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, a militant group based in the region, claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as another deadly assault just months before in neighboring Mali.
Islamist groups have been active for years in the Sahel region, which includes Mali and Burkina Faso. As groups linked to al-Qaida have carried out attacks in the area, the Times points out that the United Nations peacekeeping mission to Mali "has become one of the most dangerous in the world."
The French government — which controlled Burkina Faso, then called Upper Volta, as a colony until 1960 — says President Emmanuel Macron met with Kabore on Monday to discuss the circumstances of the latest attack.
The pair of leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to the formation of an international security force in the Sahel region to "continue the fight against terrorist groups."
SEDGWICK COUNTY – A small crowd attended a rally at the Old Wichita Courthouse Sunday evening in Solidarity with those injured or killed in the Charlottesville protests.
The Peace and Social Justice Center of South Central Kansas invitation indicated the rally was an effort to stand up to racism, fascism and hate and to support equality and human rights.
Former Kansas democrat congressional candidate James Thompson and Larry Burks, president of the Wichita chapter of the NAACP addressed the crowd. Groups also held rallies in Topeka, Pittsburg and Kansas City according to a social media report.
Protesters decrying hatred and racism say they felt compelled to gather and counteract the white supremacist rally that spiraled into deadly violence in Virginia.
The gatherings Sunday spanned from anti-fascist protests in San Francisco to a march to President Donald Trump's home in New York.
In Seattle, police arrested three men as Trump supporters and counter-protesters converged downtown.
In Denver, several hundred demonstrators gathered beneath a statue of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in City Park and marched about 2 miles (3.22 kilometers) to the state Capitol.
In New York, protesters marched from several locations in Manhattan to Trump Tower, demanding the president denounce white nationalist groups.
A crowd gathered for a vigil in Charlottesville, Virginia, on the street where a day earlier a car rammed into a peaceful crowd of anti-white-nationalist protesters, killing one.
– The AP contributed to this report
Image caption Twins: Is separation in school a good idea?
Should twins be taught separately or kept together?
Recent research says the decision on whether to separate twins should not be dictated by school policy but should be left to the families themselves.
Here are the views of three mothers.
Melissa, mum to seven-year-old twins, wanted her children to be kept together
"I went for our school because it was one-form entry and the twins could be kept together and there wouldn't be an issue," says Melissa.
"I just thought starting school is a big enough change for them and not the time to separate children who've always been together.
"I felt it would be too much of a wrench to go through that change because they'd always spent a lot of time together."
Image caption Melissa chose a school that would mean her twins could be together
When looking at potential primary schools, Melissa said she found the prevailing policy was to put twins in different classes.
"Where it's not a one-form entry, in my experience, schools tend to separate twins.
"When I looked at schools, most of them said their policy is to place twins in difference classes, but then I asked why and no-one seemed to know where that policy came from."
She puts this down to modern expectations around independence.
"I think there's a fear that they'll grow up dependent on each other.
"In this country we push children to be independent at a very young age - they start school early, mothers are encouraged to go back to work and put them in childcare.
"So the expectation is, 'You've got to go to school and stand on your own two feet.'
"But I think parents should be asked - parents should be able to say what they want for their children."
Melissa says although her twins are in the same class, they have their own friendship groups at school and go to different clubs.
"They are very close, but they are not dependent on each other and they are very, very different.
"They're quite open to what the future holds school-wise, but they'd prefer to go to the same secondary school."
Mary, mum to 15-year-old twins, decided to separate her girls
Mary says her girls were always very close. They were very shy out of the home and spoke only to selected people.
"When they went to nursery they rarely spoke to the teacher and shared the same friend. So to cut a long story short, that is why we placed them in the same class at school to start with.
"School is a major event in a child's life so to separate them would have been extremely traumatic for them."
However, Mary soon realised being together was not the best thing for her daughters.
"By halfway through their first year at school it became obvious that the following year they would need to be separated - they were coming out of their shells and developing their own different personalities.
"Yianna, the second-born twin, started to tell us that at school Angelique, the first-born, was always telling her what to do in class and wanting her to sit with her all the time and choose the same activities as her and she didn't want to, but said she had to because she said it made Angelique sad."
Image caption Mary took the decision to separate her twins at school
Mary says there were many advantages when they put the girls into separate classes.
"They became more independent of each other and didn't rely on each other in the class. They made new friends in the classroom but still played together at break and lunchtime.
"They began to speak more in the classroom not looking for confirmation from each other. Yianna especially became more confident and was free to make choices whether good or bad and pleasing herself.
"The other wonderful thing that happened was the conversation at the dinner table every evening as they compared their classes and experiences - previously it was generally about complaints they had about each other."
Mary is also a teacher and believes a rigid school policy either way on twin separation is not appropriate.
"As a teacher I truly believe that you cannot make a decision about separating twins without consulting and discussing with the parents - they know their children best.
"As teachers we can make recommendations and discuss with parents and give them the pros and cons.
"The personalities of the twins play a big role, as does their gender - from experience boy/girls twins generally don't seem to interact as much in the classroom or in the playground as same-sex twins do."
Mary stresses that, to begin with, the girls were not happy about the decision to split them up.
"Originally, when we told them that they would be in separate classes, I won't lie, they were distraught.
"I think the neighbours must have thought we were torturing them as they cried and howled for hours."
Rachael, mum to five-year-old twins, believes they will "find their own way regardless"
Like Melissa's twins, Rachael's children attend a small school, so putting her son and daughter in different classes was not an option.
"I had no questions whatsoever about them going into the same class. It never occurred to me to separate them because they're so independent - their likes and dislikes are very different and they are very different."
But while she is happy for them to be in the same class, Rachael is equally happy for her children to be separated.
Image caption Rachael believes it should be up to families to decide
"I've never felt any obligation to keep them together because they're so close at home and their bond is so close, the family bond is there but they are individuals and I want to see their strengths shine as individuals.
"I personally believe that the children are individuals and they'll find their own way regardless of whether they're split or put together.
"I'd send them to separate schools if necessary, if I thought it was best - it wouldn't cross my mind not to do what's best for each individual child.
"It's each family's decision.
"I disagree it [separation] should be the school policy, but I definitely think it should come down to what's best for the child - and that doesn't necessarily mean the children are going to like it!"
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
When Jeanne Bovard saw a need in the community, she found a way to help, friends and colleagues said Tuesday.
Bovard, who spent 25 years leading the Scranton Area Community Foundation, died Monday at the age of 80.
“She's left a legacy in the community that will be unparalleled, unmatched,” said Gary Drapek, president and CEO of the United Way of Lackawanna and Wayne Counties. “She was one of a kind. Everyone loved her. She was the one person in town I never heard someone say a bad word about.”
Bovard joined the foundation in 1987 after serving as founding director of the Collegiate Volunteer Program at the University of Scranton and Marywood University. At the foundation, she oversaw the distribution of more than $10 million in grants to assist the educational, human service, environmental, civic and arts and cultural organizations of Lackawanna County. The foundation holds and manages funds from individuals, organizations and corporations and provides grants to meet community needs and provide opportunities.
Drapek first met Bovard when they both worked at Marywood. While she led the foundation and he led the United Way, the two often worked together to help people and groups in need.
“She will be sorely missed by a lot of people,” he said.
Bovard was a founding member of numerous groups, including Community Foundations for Pennsylvania, Voluntary Action Center of Lackawanna County, Leadership Lackawanna and Scranton Tomorrow. She also served on numerous boards, and in 2008, received an honorary doctorate from the University of Scranton. She also received the Governor Robert P. Casey Medal for a Lifetime of Service, as well as various other statewide and regional awards. In 2002, she was named a Distinguished Daughter of Pennsylvania.
During her 25 years at the foundation, Bovard built both relationships and credibility, said Laura Ducceschi, who became president and CEO of the foundation after Bovard retired in 2012.
“There have been so many milestones along the way with the foundation that were a tribute to Jeanne's leadership,” Ducceschi said. “Everyone loved Jeanne.”
Contact the writer:
shofius@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9133;
@hofiushallTT on Twitter
Why it matters to you Elon Musk could be about to get the opportunity to show what Tesla's solar energy technology can do on a large scale.
In the wake of the devastation wrought by Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico is still without power. The island's infrastructure was due for an upgrade even before the recent natural disaster, and now it seems that one of the biggest names in the technology industry might be taking on the mission to make that happen.
SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk has already sent hundreds of its Powerwall batteries to Puerto Rico as a stopgap. On Thursday, October 5, he took to Twitter to state that his company has the means to provide the necessary support to rebuild its power grid.
“The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too,” tweeted Musk. He went on to stress that the company would need the blessing of the Puerto Rican government, the Public Utility Commission, any commercial stakeholders, and the island's residents.
Puerto Rico's governor Ricardo Rossello responded to Musk just hours later, according to a report from the Huffington Post. He suggested that the island could be a “flagship project” for Tesla's technology, giving the company an opportunity to demonstrate just how effective its methods of harvesting and storing solar power can be.
Last year, Tesla subsidiary SolarCity led a project that installed a microgrid system on the island of Ta'u in American Samoa. As a result, the company stated that almost 100 percent of its power needs would be catered to by renewable energy.
This new technology obviously has some major benefits from an environmental perspective. It's also much more reliable, and would likely be more resilient when future storms roll in — not to mention cheaper to run than the current system, which relies on imported oil.
There are big questions to be asked about the timescale of the project, as there is a pressing need to return power to residents. It took a year to install the microgrid system on Ta'u, an island that spans just 17 square miles. Puerto Rico is much larger, at 3,515 square miles.
Musk is confident that scalability won't be an issue, but for residents of Puerto Rico, such a dramatic overhaul of the power infrastructure might take too long to come to pass.
Iranian Foreign Minister Muhammad Javad Zarif called on Monday for peace in Syria and Yemen and claimed Hezbollah was merely defending itself by intervening in Syria.
Addressing the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) in New York while on a six-day trip to the US, Zarif sought to project Iran's image as a responsible regional power. He said the region should applaud Hezbollah's actions and condemned US intervention, blaming it for Saudi Arabia's war in Yemen, which he said resulted in the death of a bride in a recent airstrike.
Zarif has been the cherubic face of Iran's foreign policy since 2013 and blends a cheerful demeanor with militarist positions. He boasted in October 2017 of his support for the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and posed with Quds Force commander Qassem Soleimani who has threatened to “uproot the child-killing Zionist regime.”Stephen Hadley, who was national security adviser under former president George W. Bush, introduced Zarif at the CFR, where the Iranian Foreign Minister spoke and took questions for an hour. Zarif's speech came as French President Emmanuel Macron was in Washington meeting with US President Donald Trump.“President Macron is correct in saying there's no ‘plan B' on JCPOA ,” Zarif tweeted. “It's either all or nothing. European leaders should encourage President Trump not just to stay in the nuclear deal, but more importantly to begin implementing his part of the bargain in good faith.”Zarif's speech focused on the history of the Islamic regime and its worldview of victimhood, stressing that Iran seeks “regional dialogue” and merely wants to address “disparities” in the region. He focused on the dispute between Saudi Arabia and Qatar, claiming that Iran opposes intervention in the affairs of other countries and seeks to work within international principles. He asserted that the region had been driven into war by extremism and by states that seek to dominate one another. Iran, he said, was now “ready” to work on compromises.“We need to have a strong region, not to be the strongest in the region... time to break with [past conflicts], we are big enough, old enough, mature enough to appreciate this reality.I hope that our neighbors can appreciate it,” he said.HADLEY ASKED Zarif about human rights abuses in Iran and Zarif responded by criticizing the US legal and prison systems. The Iranian foreign minister claimed that women jailed for not covering their hair were merely being judged by a legal system based on “Shi'ite, Islamic jurisprudence” and claimed “every society has a dress code.” He suggested that arresting women in Iran for having their hair uncovered was similar to Canada arresting people for walking naked in the street and “indecent exposure.”The audience chuckled.“In Iran, for a man to go in the street without a T-shirt on is indecent exposure, just as it is to go into a McDonald's without a shirt.” He boasted that Iran has minorities, including Zoroastrians, Christians and the “largest Jewish population in the Middle East outside Israel,” adding that Jews receive “privileges” in Iran. Zarif also sought to portray Iran as doing a better job on democracy and human rights than US-ally Saudi Arabia.Zarif defended Hezbollah's intervention in Iran's civil war while condemning Saudi Arabia for its intervention in Yemen. He also said Iran supports on-site investigations in Syria for chemical weapons US, British and French forces pound Syria with air strikes early on Saturday in response to a poison gas attack, April 14, 2018(Reuters)“Now we are happy they are conducting an on-site investigation of Douma, and when the report is out we will see what are the facts.”Then he turned to Iran's history, claiming Iran was the real victim of chemical weapons when Iraq had used chemical weapons during the Iran-Iraq war in the 1980s. “Having been a victim of chemical weapons, usually the culprit uses chemical weapons in desperation,” he asserted, casting doubt on why Damascus would use chemical weapons when “advancing.”The speech at CFR was Zarif's second appearance at the important forum in a year.He last spoke to the council in July of 2017. However, this year is more important for Tehran because it is trying to get European Union countries on its side in discussions of the Iran nuclear deal and now feels confident of victory in Syria.Online, Zarif was mocked for his appearance, with one tweet showing him in a hijab and accusing him of running a “theocratic dictatorship.”Sarah Leah Whitson, executive director of the Human Rights Watch Middle East and North Africa Division, also criticized Zarif, tweeting that he deflected questions on Assad's human rights abuses, protests in Iran and forced head coverings for women.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Kansas City police are asking for help locating a mom and her daughter. Myisha McFarland and her daughter Cierra were last seen in a southern area of Kansas City in a dark blue Mazda 6, with Missouri License AK0-G7N.
Police say both are considered endangered and were seen on Monday afternoon in the area of Blue Ridge Boulevard and Longview Road. Investigators don't know where they may be headed, and are seeking to help the mom and girl once they are found, saying Myisha is going through a rough time.
If you have seen them or know where they are, please call the Crimes Against Children unit at (816) 234-5150 or 911.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Claire's has filed for bankruptcy. The hub for ear piercings at malls across America are the latest retailer to succumb to its massive pile of debt.
Claire's, which says it has pierced more than 100 million ears around the world, reached a restructuring agreement with its creditors. In a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing on Monday, Claire's said it will reduce its debt by $1.9 billion. It held $2.1 billion in debt at the end of 2017.
The company will continue to operate its approximately 1,600 Claire's and Icing brand stores in the United States during the bankruptcy process and expects to complete it by September. International stores are not part of the restructuring agreement.
"This transaction substantially reduces the debt on our balance sheet," Claire's CEO Ron Marshall said in a statement. "We will complete this process as a healthier, more profitable company." Marshall came from now-defunct bookstore chain Borders.
Claire's struggles stem from a deal it struck more than a decade ago that left it burdened with debt.
In 2007, Apollo Management, a private equity firm, bought Claire's for $3.1 billion and took the company private in what's known as a leveraged buyout.
Claire's could never escape its debt load. As traffic slowed to its brick-and-mortar stores, shoppers moved to digital channels and fast fashion chains such as H&M, Zara and Forever 21 chipped away at sales.
Claire's joins a long line of retailers that have filed for bankruptcy in recent years, including Toys "R" Us, Payless Shoes, Gymboree, Rue21, The Limited and RadioShack.
Toys "R" Us, another company left deep in debt from a leveraged buyout, said last week that it was liquidating its 735 stores in the United States.
Claire's believes a lighter balance sheet will help it avoid Toys "R" Us' fate and still remain a "Girl's Best Friend." And the company says its business is Amazon-proof because you can't pierce your ears online.
1:57 Kumho Tire Georgia grand opening in Macon Pause
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days?
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
Regardless of what I think about the underlying instrument, bitcoin became “official” over the weekend as its futures are now being traded on a regulated exchange.
Because of that, and given widespread interest, it deserves our attention — at least periodically.
This will be the first in a series of trading reports specific to bitcoin BTCUSD, -3.61% (There's also a futures contact XBTF8, -4.61% ). The intention is to provide trading strategies, not investment strategies, for bitcoin.
Read: Bitcoin futures: Here's what you need to know
Based on current technical observations, there are no immediate resistance levels. However, converted support exists at $16,234. So long as the cryptocurrency remains above that level, additional increases are likely. And they could be aggressive because there are no immediate resistance levels in the charts.
Please review the chart, below, and additional commentary below that.
Investor/RT (www.linnsoft.com)
Importantly, $16,234 acts as a downside confirmation indicator at this time. If that level breaks lower, we would expect prices to decline to $15,425. And if that level breaks too, we would expect a much more serious drop, to $13,281.
So far, converted support is holding, and bullish undertones exist. And that will continue unless bitcoin breaks below $16,234 or until new trading channels develop.
Thomas H. Kee Jr. is a former Morgan Stanley broker and founder of Stock Traders Daily. Kee managed the fourth-best-performing strategy in the world in 2016, according to HedgeCo.
Read next: Four lies about bitcoin futures that stock investors need to know
And then watch: Here's how fraudsters can ‘steal' your voice to rob your bank account
Elijah Nouvelage/Getty Images(OROVILLE, Calif.) — California officials have lifted the evacuation order affecting hundreds of thousands of residents in the areas surround the Oroville Dam in Northern California.
Residents will be allowed to return to their homes and businesses allowed to reopen, said Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea.
In a press conference Tuesday, Honea said that thousands of lives were protected from the looming prospect of a spillway failure due to those that directed the rapid evacuation.
While those evacuations were taking place, those at the spillway prevented more damage to a massive hole that was developing near the spillway.
Ahead of more storms are expected to batter Northern California later this week, workers reduced the level of lake below the top of the spillway, which halted erosion. Workers also increased the primary flow from the primary spillway to prepare for future inflows, reducing the possibility that the emergency spillway will be needed in the future.
Officials also developed a plan to fortify the area in front of the emergency spillway with boulders and concrete to prevent against future erosion.
The upcoming storms heightened the sense of urgency for the workers who are attempting to stabilize the area surrounding the Oroville Dam, but the new storms should not pose a threat to the emergency spillway as of Tuesday, officials said.
Nearly 200,000 people were evacuated on Sunday over concerns that a damaged spillway at Lake Oroville could fail, flooding the region with water. The reservoir is California's second-largest and is located 75 miles north of Sacramento and about 25 miles southeast of Chico.
Construction and helicopter units worked Tuesday to shore up an overflow channel and drain some water from the reservoir at the dam, in the hopes they can prevent spillage before more rain hits the already saturated region of California.
Close to 200 state employees were working at Oroville this morning and eight helicopters were deployed to deposit rocks, agents from the California Governor's Office of Emergency Services (OES) told ABC News. The agency said they have 40 truck deliveries of rock per hour to the eroded areas and helicopters are also delivering a load of rocks every minute-and-a-half. They added that drones are monitoring the area 24 hours a day.
Light to moderate rain is expected Wednesday through Friday, according to ABC News meteorologists, before picking up again next week.
Next week's storms are expected to hit Sunday through next Tuesday and cause area-wide flooding.
Following years of drought in the region, 2017 has seen the wettest start to the year ever recorded in the Sacramento area — now about a foot above normal for rainfall since October 1, 2016.
The surge in rainfall has wreaked havoc on the Oroville dam, which was already experiencing problems with damaged spillways.
When reservoirs get too full, their operators release extra water down long channels, or spillways, designed to carry it downstream and into safety.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
May 18
Randall Harvey Botts, 29, of Lebanon, was charged with violation of probation.
Jamie Lee Boyd, 31, of Lebanon, was charged with non-verbal harassment and failure to appear.
Hollis Nathaniel Bradley, 54, of Lebanon, was serving weekend time.
Jeffrey Jonathan Clifton, 24, of Mt. Juliet, was charged with failure to appear and sexual battery.
Carla Sue Cook, 34, of Lebanon, was charged with tampering with or fabricating evidence and accessory after the fact.
Keith Edgrick Davis, 42, of Lebanon, was charged with failure to appear, two counts of simple drug possession, driving on a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license, two counts of possession of a legend drug and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Phillip Marshall Davis, 47, of Lebanon, was charged with tampering with or fabricating evidence, manufacture, deliver, sale or possession of methamphetamine and accessory after the fact.
Thomas James Day, 26, of Lebanon, was serving weekend time.
Christopher Michael Denney, 38, of Lebanon, was charged with failure to pay child support.
Wenson Dumas, 30, of Lebanon, was serving weekend time.
Jimmette Suzane Durham Flynn, 51, of Hermitage, was charged with violation of probation.
Aaron Dewey Glisson, 43, of Gallatin, was charged with attempted first-degree murder.
John Ronald Goodman, 53, of Old Hickory, was charged with aggravated assault.
Jacques Michele Hall, 55, of Lebanon, was charged with violation of probation.
Mark Riley Jones, 26, of Mt. Juliet, was serving weekend time.
Donnie Joseph Lawrence, 24, of Gordonsville, was charged with two counts of failure to appear.
Taylor Paige Linder, 21, of Lebanon, was charged with possession of schedule VI drugs and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Lisa Michelle Martin, 38, of Lebanon, was charged with violation of probation.
Jorge Martinez, 35, of Smithville, was charged with driving without a license.
Joshua Cole Morse, 27, of Lebanon, was charged with two counts of violation of probation and public drunkenness.
Dekota Dewayne Reed, 21, of Trousdale, was charged with DUI.
Marvin Jacob Robinson, 58, of Lebanon, was held for court.
Francisco Rosales, 18, of Lebanon, was charged with possession and manufacture with intent for resale, unlawful carry and possession of a weapon and driving without a license.
– Staff Reports
'Baby Hope' reporter won't have to turn over notes, court rules An appeals court has ruled that a New York Times reporter will not have to turn over notes from an interview with Baby Hope's accused killer or testify at the...
Baby Hope's accused killer confesses The accused killer of a little Bronx girl once only known as “Baby Hope” sat stonily as his taped confession was played in Manhattan court Wednesday. “What can I do?...
Accused 'Baby Hope' killer told cops 4 different stories He just can't keep his stories straight. Accused “Baby Hope” killer Conrado Juarez gave four different accounts of what happened the night the four-year-old was tragically raped and murdered 22...
Baby Hope tombstone gets a name The real name of Baby Hope was finally put on her tombstone yesterday, more than two decades after her body was found stuffed in a cooler off the Henry Hudson...
Baby Hope murder suspect indicted Accused ‘Baby Hope' killer Conrado Juarez – who cops say confessed to sexually assaulting and smothering his 4-year-old-cousin in 1991 in a case that haunted New York City – was...
NYC's most notorious cold cases In the last year, two of the city's most infamous murder cases have moved one step closer to closure. Pedro Hernadez confessed to strangling Etan Patz in the basement of...
Baby Hope's 'killer' tried to shake down on mom The distraught mother of “Baby Hope” said Tuesday that accused killer Conrado Juarez tried to shake her down for cash before breaking the news that the little girl was dead....
More Baby Hope arrests possible The NYPD hasn't ruled out additional arrests as it continues to investigate the cold-case murder of Anjelica “Baby Hope” Castillo, The Post has learned. A high-ranking police source said cops...
My sister, Baby Hope If Baby Hope were alive today, she would look exactly like the big sister she never got a chance to know. “When my mom saw the drawing, she said Anjelica...
It takes one to spot one.
The OPP is taking an unconventional approach to a trucking safety blitz that launched Monday – officers are conducting patrols in truck tractors to better spot drivers who are distracted behind the wheel.
The strategy is being used for the first time during Operation Safe Trucking, which runs through Friday and aims to reduce the number collisions involving commercial vehicles on OPP-patrolled roads.
The five-day blitz tackles speeding, following too closely, seatbelt use, hours of service violations, and distracted, aggressive and impaired driving. Vehicles with mechanical, load security or other safety issues will be tackled with the help of Ministry of Transportation inspectors.
So far this year, the OPP has investigated more than 6,200 transport-truck related collisions and 87 people died in 72 of those crashes, commissioner Vince Hawkes said Monday.
“Every year, collisions that involve commercial motor vehicles are in the thousands and they result in significant loss of life,” Hawkes said. “Adding truck tractors to our list of enforcement tools will enhance our officers' observation and investigative skills during Operation Safe Trucking and future initiatives that focus on commercial motor vehicle safety.”
Distracted driving accounts for more than a quarter of crashes involving commercial vehicles, and the OPP warns motorists aren't off the hook during the blitz.
“Officers will also be addressing dangerous behaviours on the part of all drivers,” the force warned.
Image caption Matthew McSevney, from Peel, was married and had two children
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Matthew McSevney, 43, from Peel, was struck near to the old quarry entrance in Poortown Road, St John's, Isle of Man, at about 08:30 BST on Thursday.
The married father of two was taken to Noble's Hospital in Braddan where he later died. The car driver, an 18-year-old woman, was not injured.
Police believe both the car and bicycle were travelling out of Peel towards St John's when the crash occurred.
The road was closed for five hours while investigations took place.
A force spokesman said it will continue to provide Mr McSevney's family with support and their "thoughts are with them at this time".
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said the new terror laws would replace Australian state laws
Unicef Australia has expressed concern at proposals that could see children as young as 10 held for two weeks without charge under new terror legislation.
They insist that a "clear distinction" is necessary between children and adults in the legal system.
A minister said the plans were needed because so-called Islamic State "specialises in recruiting children".
But opposition politicians and charities have expressed their concern that minors are included in the plans.
"Unicef Australia is concerned that the proposal could risk situations where children could be arbitrarily detained," director of communication Jennifer Tierney said.
"Children should only ever be subject to detention as a measure of last resort and for the shortest appropriate time.
"We urge Australian governments to consider the vulnerabilities of children and ensure strict safeguards for their rights and wellbeing in all circumstances."
Image copyright AFP/getty Image caption Physical security measures were put in place at Sydney's Opera House after a series of vehicle-ramming terror attacks
State and territorial leaders approved the plans with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull at a Coalition of Australian Governments (COAG) meeting on Thursday.
But some opposition politicians claim they have been kept in the dark about the full details of the legislation.
'Shocking and drastic'
ABC Australia reported that opposition Shadow Attorney General said: "The government's provided no details at all, but at present, it's a shocking and drastic step to propose, without charge, the detention of a child of 10 years old."
But Justice Minister Michael Keenan has said it is "deeply regrettable" that the new laws must apply to minors.
"What about if an 11-year-old was planning to commit a terrorist act and the police didn't have any power to do anything about it?" he said on Australian radio.
"We can't have a situation where that is the case, so I am very happy for these laws never to be used."
Image copyright EPA Image caption Large queues were seen at Australian airports in July after security was increased over a plane bomb plot
Mr Keeenan said safeguards would be in place for all minors and extra measures in place for under-14s.
The country has been attempting to reform its terror legislation to bring it in line with that of other nations such as the UK.
Australian police have foiled several alleged terror plots in recent years, including a suspected plan to bring down a plane.
Other measures, including the storing of driving licence photos in a national database and new laws against terror hoaxes are also in the new plans.
SALINE COUNTY – Police in Mississippi arrested a Kansas man wanted for alleged sexual assault Saturday.
A Salina's Most Wanted man was picked up in Mississippi over the weekend. According to Police Capt. Paul Forrester, the original cases date back to December of 2016.
On December 5, Billarious Gatlin's ex-girlfriend told police that she arrived home to find him waiting at her residence, located on the 800 block of Rainbow in Salina, according to Police Captain Paul Forrester.
Gatlin, 26, allegedly threatened her with a knife.
The victim called authorities after locking herself and her 11-year-old son in a bedroom. Gatlin left before authorities arrived but issued a warrant for his arrest citing one count of aggravated assault, according to Forrester.
Just before 3a.m. on December 27, Gatlin allegedly returned to the residence, threatened the victim with a knife, took her cellphone so she couldn't call law enforcement and sexually assaulted her.
Salina Police issued another warrant, citing one count of rape, aggravated assault, aggravated kidnapping, aggravated burglary, criminal threat and intimidation of a witness.
Police booked Gatlin into the Saline County Jail Sunday morning after he was transported from TylerTown, Mississippi.
The meaningless fourth and final preseason game was a mere seven minutes old, and the Jets' 2017 season flashed before them as their starting quarterback lay on the MetLife Stadium turf, unable to get up.
Too dramatic?
OK, this wasn't Vinny Testaverde rupturing his Achilles tendon in the 1999 season opener on a team with legitimate Super Bowl aspirations.
To borrow an oft-used phrase from Bill Parcells, who coached that '99 Jets team, no disrespect intended to current starter Josh McCown and these 2017 Jets, but they don't have the same Super Bowl aspirations the team had all those years ago when Testaverde was coming off his 1998 career year.
It really doesn't much matter who the Jets starting quarterback is this season since the team's roster has been stripped down to the equivalent of a Triple-A baseball squad.
Still, it was an unsettling — and very Jets-like — scene just 7:47 into the Jets' 16-10 win over the Eagles on Thursday night, when McCown was drilled by Philadelphia backup middle linebacker Joe Walker, who breezed his way past Jets running back Bilal Powell.
Fortunately, McCown was OK after a few moments on the sideline and he returned after only one play to complete the series.
see also Jets survive Josh McCown scare in preseason finale For a few minutes Thursday night, the Jets' quarterback drama...
“I just got the wind knocked out of me,” McCown said. “He just caught me right in a bad spot. It was a good first hit. You always like to get those over with. Nothing major. Thankfully, it wasn't anything serious and looking forward to playing next week.”
Had McCown been injured more severely and been knocked out of the game, the second-guessers would have come out of the cracks like cockroaches in an unsanitary kitchen after dark, ripping the Jets for playing McCown.
That would have been a typical knee-jerk reaction by people who simply want to rip the Jets while they're down.
The truth is Jets coach Todd Bowles was smart to play McCown for the two series he played since he's going be the starter in the Sept. 10 regular-season opener in Buffalo and had played in only one offensive possession this preseason — in the opener three weeks ago.
“It's football,'' Bowles said when asked how he felt when he saw McCown on the ground. “Whether he goes down in the first game of the regular season on three plays or he goes down now, it's football. You don't play to get hurt. You play to play.''
Right tackle Ben Ijanala said: “Anytime I see a teammate down, it catches my attention, and I say a quick prayer. I'm happy to see that he got up, everything ended up all right. You can't play scared.”
Tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins said: “My reaction was it's football and he got hit. Josh is a tough dude. It's football. People get hurt. He got back in there. Took a play off and got back in there.”
Bowles, who was seen laughing with McCown and backup quarterback Bryce Petty on the sideline minutes after the hit, said McCown “was fine,” adding, “He was just joking around. He's all good.”
It didn't look good initially. McCown was off to an efficient start, having completed his first four passes for 36 yards before he was driven to the ground by Walker with 7:13 remaining in the first quarter. He finished the game 6-of-8 for 57 yards, closing the preseason 9-of-12 for 129 yards and a touchdown.
“Josh is a professional. He's always the same guy,” said Seferian-Jenkins, who caught a touchdown pass from Christian Hackenberg. “The way he practices is the way he plays. What you saw was the way he commands the huddle. That's how he acts in practice. It was great to have him out there.”
McCown has heard the noise about how historically bad this Jets offense has the potential to be. He understands the negative vibe from the outside but chooses to ignore it.
“It's easy to look at the circumstances and you have new pieces and pieces that are gone … but when you're in this, in our situation, we don't operate under those circumstances, [thinking]: ‘Well, we don't have this guy,' ” he said. “We don't have excuses. There's a way that we expect to play and we're going to do that. I put a lot of pressure and expectation on myself to get that done.”
Jason Davis/Getty Images(NASHVILLE, Tenn.) — In an emotional ceremony Tuesday at the Tennessee Capitol, lawmakers gave James Shaw Jr., the man who stopped the deadly attack a Waffle House in a Nashville suburb, a standing ovation for his bravery.
“You were confronted with the most unspeakable evil imaginable and you acted with the utmost honor, heroism, imaginable,” state Rep. Jason Powell told Shaw. “And I want to say, James Shaw Jr., you are my hero and you are Tennessee's hero.”
Shaw, dressed in a suit and tie, was honored along with his best friend, Brandon McMurry, who was also at the Waffle House early Sunday when a gunman opened fire with an AR-15 assault rifle, killing four people and leaving four others injured, two critically.
Shaw, a 29-year-old AT&T worker and father of a 4-year-old girl, told ABC News' “Good Morning America” on Monday that he hid behind a door in the restaurant and when the suspected gunman, Travis Reinking, went to reload his weapon, he sprang into action. He grabbed the barrel of the gun and wrested it away from the suspect, throwing it over a counter and forcing the man outside.
Authorities say Shaw's courageous actions saved numerous lives, but he has refused to call himself a hero, saying he only took on the gunman to save his own life.
“I never thought I would be in a room with all the eyes on me but, you know, I am very grateful to be here,” Shaw told the lawmakers today. “All I can say is … this was a true test of a man. I do, once again, apologize to the people that lost loved ones, friends or family.”
He said he went to Vanderbilt University Medical Center to visit some of the victims who were wounded.
“They all remember me,” he said. “But I want you all to know, and I'll say this again, I am a genuine person: I didn't actually do it to save lives. I did it to save my life. In saving my life, I saved other lives. So that's probably the greatest things you could do.”
McMurry, who also addressed the politicians, praised Shaw as not only his best friend but “a great man.”
He said that during the shooting rampage, he tried to get Shaw to hide in a bathroom with other patrons of the restaurant, knowing that from where they were in a hallway leading to the restrooms that there was no other way out of the establishment except the front door.
“But he sometimes doesn't listen to me, and this is by far the best time that you didn't listen to me and I appreciate that,” McMurry told Shaw.
Meanwhile, an online GoFundMe page set up to honor Shaw has raised more than $86,000 for him as more than 2,500 people donated.
“I normally don't get involved directly in these matters, but James' grace has inspired me to start this page and give him the support I feel he deserves,” wrote Yashar Ali of New York, who established the fund-raising campaign on Monday.
“According to news reports, James has a 4-year-old daughter. Perhaps this money can be used for her college fund or some other education-related expense,” Ali wrote. “But I'd be just as happy if James used some of this money to take his family on a nice vacation.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Iowa State star ends Arkansas-Little Rock's Sweet 16 dream DENVER — Georges Niang's first NCAA Tournament ended in tears. His second in injury. His third in bitter disappointment. His fourth has been by far the most satisfying. Iowa State's...
Yale will cover vs. Duke -- and 4 more red-hot NCAA selections DES MOINES, IOWA – Me and Mrs. Hoops – who filled out her first-ever bracket this week – have the same number of Final Four teams remaining. And that's all...
Why to root for Little Rock: bombs-away star, hand-shattering coach DENVER — He hit The Shot Heard 'Round Little Rock And Beyond, and Josh Hagins doesn't want it to end Saturday night against Iowa State. It was Hagins, as fearless...
The Joy Clinic is a 2,500-square-foot spay and neuter clinic located on Jim Draper Boulevard behind Pro Bowl West.
This was the first time that the clinic had performed spay and neuter surgery on animals owned by members of the community rather than shelter animals.
While construction of the clinic was going on, animals were put on a wait list. Now that it is complete, a representative of the clinic will be reaching out to the people on the wait list to get them scheduled as quickly as possible.
The Joy Clinic will be holding an open house Sept. 23 from 12 p.m. until 4 p.m. where community members will have the chance to tour the new facility.
For more information on New Leash on Life and the Joy Clinic, visit their website at newleashonline.org
The President is unwilling to call a racist spade a racist spade. We wonder why.
As the Governor of Virginia declared a state of emergency as violence erupted between white nationalists bearing torches and counter-protesters in Charlottesville, President Trump has finally spoken out.
And sadly, it was not the eloquent and nuanced response many Americans were looking for. Instead of specifically calling out white supremacists for spreading their hate or even using the words “white supremacists” or “white nationalists,” #45 acted as if “both sides” had equal footing in the violence. To him, the situation was just “sad.'
“We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides,” Trump said during a short statement from his private golf club in New Jersey.
“It has been going on for a long time in our country — not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama. It has been going on for a long, long time. It has no place in America.”
As Think Progress reported, Trump said that he had spoken with Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D-VA), and they both agreed that hate and division “must stop” and that Americans must come together with “true affection” for each other. Not once did the President condemn white nationalism, white supremacy or racism in this country. We wonder why.
He continued this nonsense on Twitter:
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017
Am in Bedminster for meetings & press conference on V.A. & all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017
He even got the First Lady involved:
Our country encourages freedom of speech, but let's communicate w/o hate in our hearts. No good comes from violence. #Charlottesville — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) August 12, 2017
This all comes as 19 were injured and at least one dead after a car plowed into anti-racist counter-protesters on Saturday. But yes, let's make this about the “many sides” of hate.
Folks flocked to Twitter to express their disgust in the President and his inability to call a racist spade a racist spade:
What are these "many sides" Trump is talking about? The people running down other humans with cars… or the people being run down? — Ijeoma Oluo (@IjeomaOluo) August 12, 2017
Why the "all caps" on "ALL?" There are clear antagonists in Charlottesville (also no mention of the city so presuming that's what u mean.) https://t.co/0s0sTXoL4X — Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) August 12, 2017
Trump can't condemn racism and white supremacism because he is a racist and a white supremacist. — Reza Aslan (@rezaaslan) August 12, 2017
So….
Hillary and Trump are the same, huh? Everybody who said this is going to hell. — Bravenak's DNC🍩💧 (@bravenak) August 12, 2017
TRUMP ON
Muslims: THEY'RE ALL TERRORISTS
Mexicans: THEY'RE ALL RAPISTS
White Supremacists: THERE ARE MANY SIDES TO THIS.#Charlottesville — Jenny Yang👲👲🏽🐉 (@jennyyangtv) August 12, 2017
Conservatives trying to condemn what happened in #Charlottesville, support Trump's lukewarm response & not alienate their bases at same time pic.twitter.com/fLGvvO0T7L — Bree Newsome (@BreeNewsome) August 12, 2017
MANY SIDES?!? Ive typed and deleted at least 8 tweets. Words simply arent strong enough to accurately describe how I feel about Donald Trump — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) August 12, 2017
Donald Trump does not dare name the white supremacists in #Charlottesville today. But they name him: "Heil Trump!" pic.twitter.com/sFzlvwtwBg — Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) August 12, 2017
Trump winking at violent racists has been central to his candidacy since the day he announced. — Jon Lovett (@jonlovett) August 12, 2017
When pressed to explain why the President didn't condemn the actions of white supremacists, a White House spokesperson issued the following:
Per White House spokesperson pic.twitter.com/jNtzGqmslU — Ben Jacobs (@Bencjacobs) August 12, 2017
According to CNN, “fistfights and screaming matches erupted Saturday, barely 12 hours after a scuffle Friday night at the nearby University of Virginia between torch-bearing demonstrators and counter-protesters.” Saturday's rally was held to protest the removal of Confederate statues and symbols in the mostly liberal and Democratic city.
Imagine if these people ever faced actual oppression. pic.twitter.com/dhPCbtfEjO — Julius Goat (@JuliusGoat) August 12, 2017
Yes, this is what's going down in America in 2017.
RELATED NEWS:
Russian Ties! Special Prosecutor Mueller Issues Grand Jury Subpoenas Related To Donald Trump Jr's 2016 Meeting
End Of Days: Trump Warns North Korea Will Be ‘Met with Fire And Fury'
The Only Thing Maxine Waters Is Running For Is ‘The Impeachment Of Trump'
SOURCE: HelloBeautiful.com
Article Courtesy of HelloBeautiful
First Picture Courtesy of Paul J. Richards and Getty Images
First Video Courtesy of CNN, YouTube, and HelloBeautiful
First through Fourteenth Tweet, Second Video, Gif, and Second and Third Picture Courtesy of Twitter and HelloBeautiful
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
As smartphones and other digital devices get smarter and more numerous — and as the applications they run generate ever more data — the wireless network that connects them must change to keep pace. That's why telecommunications giants like Verizon, AT&T, and Sprint are racing to roll out the fifth generation of wireless network technology.
Although some have criticized 5G for its high projected cost, there's wide agreement that the emerging technology will bring faster, more reliable connections for users. It could also provide the extra bandwidth needed to create what's being called the “Internet of Things” — a network that links not just phones and computers but also robots, cars, and all manner of sensor-equipped consumer products and infrastructure.
5G could even usher in a new era of “smart cities” in which energy grids, traffic signals, and emergency services are linked to reduce inefficiencies.
What is 5G?
The fifth generation of mobile communication networks. Most consumers now use 3G or 4G/LTE networks, which were introduced to the public in 2001 and 2009, respectively. AT&T shuttered its 2G system in early 2017. Verizon, T-Mobile, and Sprint have said they'll continue to operate their 2G networks through 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively.
What advantages will 5G offer?
Each new generation of wireless technology has brought faster, more reliable cellular and internet connections. In the 1980's, first-generation technology made communication via cellphone possible. The next generation, 2G, allowed for more efficient and secure phone calls, and introduced mobile text messaging. 3G ushered in the smartphone era, and 4G/LTE gave us the high-speed connections that make it possible to stream high-definition video on our phones.
5G is projected to bring three main benefits:
Faster speed : Data transfer speeds are projected to be about 10 times higher with 5G than is possible with 4G. That means significantly faster transmission of images and videos. With 4G/LTE, downloading a high-definition movie might take about 10 minutes. With 5G, it should take less than a second.
: Data transfer speeds are projected to be about 10 times higher with 5G than is possible with 4G. That means significantly faster transmission of images and videos. With 4G/LTE, downloading a high-definition movie might take about 10 minutes. With 5G, it should take less than a second. Shorter delays: Though it's not always noticeable, there is often a brief lag in time from when data is sent to when it's received. 5G should reduce this so-called latency, making it possible, for example, to watch high-speed virtual reality video with no delays or glitches.
Though it's not always noticeable, there is often a brief lag in time from when data is sent to when it's received. 5G should reduce this so-called latency, making it possible, for example, to watch high-speed virtual reality video with no delays or glitches. Increased connectivity: Cell towers equipped with 5G technology would have greatly increased capacity over 4G/LTE. That means more people — and more devices — should be able to communicate at the same time.
Will I need a new phone?
Just as 2G phones couldn't connect to 3G or 4G networks, today's 3G and 4G/LTE phones will be unable to connect to a 5G network. So experts predict you'll need a new phone. The cost of a 5G phone is unclear, but monthly 5G service is likely to cost more than 4G/LTE service.
When will 5G be available?
Samsung and Intel debuted 5G technology at the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics, where it was used to stream live VR coverage of sporting events. AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile and Verizon are continuing to develop and test 5G technology and expect 5G service to be available in some U.S. cities later this year. Access to 5G is expected to expand dramatically in 2019.
Image caption New signs have been put up around the Maltings to encourage people to visit local businesses
Nearly two months have passed since the former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia, were the victims of a nerve agent attack in Salisbury. Traces of military-grade Novichok were found at nine locations and a multi-million pound operation to decontaminate the locations could take months. Meanwhile, the city is still suffering the after effects.
Coming out of the train station it is clear to see that Salisbury is a popular tourist destination.
An excitable group of middle-aged Spanish tourists in puffer jackets fresh off the train are checking their maps while a quieter Japanese couple go in search of a taxi.
"Ah, ver! La catedral!," shouts the Spanish group's leader, as they head towards the grand monument which boasts Britain's tallest spire and gives Salisbury its city status.
It feels, however, more like a market town, with independent shops nestled between traditional pubs which line evocatively-named streets such as Fish Row, Silver Street and Pennyfarthing Street.
Along Fisherton Street people are enjoying the sun and the cool breeze coming off the flowing River Avon, while others take photos of the 14th Century clock tower.
On the opposite side is the approach to the Old Mill which has a number of new signs saying "shops open this way". These recently-erected signs are the first indication that all is not well.
Image copyright PA Image caption Salisbury Cathedral - with original Magna Carta documents - is a major attraction
The blue and white signs give way to blue and white police tape fastened across the black metal fence outside the Mill pub, still deemed by government scientists to be at risk of contamination.
Police in yellow high-visability jackets stand guard in front of the boarded-up pub to ensure no-one crosses the cordon.
"It's a strange feeling. We go about our business and then see this police line," says resident, Rosemary Duffy.
"It's a bit frightening as it's an unknown quantity. It's a disgusting thing that's happened here but we've got to keep going."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sergei and Yulia Skripal were found unconscious on a bench in the Maltings area of the city
Image caption "It's a disgusting thing that's happened here but we've got to keep going," says Rosemary Duffy
It is the first time Mrs Duffy has been to the Maltings shopping precinct since the Skripals were taken ill there on 4 March.
She says she was tempted back by the free parking, laid on by the local council in a bid to get more people back into the city centre.
Like most people driving to Salisbury, Mrs Duffy parked next to the 1980s-style shopping area made out of red brick.
The walk to the shops is now lined by metre-high metal fences and police tape, blocking off the main route to the shops.
Image caption Richard Wheeler's business is losing between £12-15,000 each week since the attack
Within the cordon there are some big name shops such as Superdrug, Robert Dyas and Greggs but there is also the small, independent B and R Textiles which faces the bench - now removed - where the Skripals were found unconscious.
"I'm currently losing £12,000 to £15,000 a week," says manager Richard Wheeler, who has been providing soft furnishings such as blinds and curtains for 30 years.
"Up until now this has been a very successful business but if this doesn't get sorted out soon it could be the end of it."
Skripal poisoning sites clean-up begins
'It's just so quintessentially English'
What are nerve agents and what do they do?
Forced to close for a week, the 60-year-old was given permission to open his shop via the back entrance, which is outside of the police cordon, so he can fulfil existing orders and fittings.
"Those take us up to the end of May but I don't know what I'll do after that."
Image copyright PA Image caption Twelve businesses have been forced to close because they are within police cordons
Image caption Poppy White has worked 55 fewer hours than normal over the past month
Customers such as Liz Hannah, 57, only discovered the shop was open after Mr Wheeler's daughter posted a message on Facebook.
She describes the aftermath of the attack on the Skripals as "a bit surreal and frightening at first" but says people have got used to it.
"It's happened and there's not a lot you can do about it. I think it will take Salisbury a while to get over it but people need to know that it's safe.
"In a way the cordons makes you feel safer because at least you know they're being thorough and cleaning it all up. Salisbury will the cleanest city ever after this."
Image copyright PA Image caption Residents want things to return to normal as quickly as possible
But Mr Wheeler - who only has enough money to pay his six staff members until the end of May - says he just wants things to return to normal.
"It all seems very long-winded but there's obviously processes the authorities have to go through which do take time, but the most frustrating thing was that for the first five weeks we didn't know anything.
"We saw nothing happening regarding a clean-up - that only started last week - and then it depends on if they find anything during that."
Image caption "It feels unfair to punish Salisbury because of a terrible attack," says John Goodman who is visiting Salisbury with his wife, Polly
The frustration is also felt by the small independent businesses along Riverside Walk, on the other side of the Mill.
"Because of the cordons we don't get our footfall along here and we don't have any business," says Lucy Reeves at the Crystal shop, which sells a myriad of brightly coloured gems.
"It's been a massive shock. We now feel like the Maltings is a separate part of Salisbury, it's like there's a big wall up between us and the rest of Salisbury because it's so quiet now.
"I'd say we're about 70% down on what we would normally be for this time of year which is quite scary. It could be really serious if this continues."
Ms Reeves describes the cordons as "annoying" but says the police "are all really lovely".
She adds: "It's nice having them around actually, it's someone to talk to."
Image caption Fred, Cathay, Antoine and Louise from Nice, France, visiting Salisbury for the first time
Poppy White works further down Riverside Walk at Ganesha Handicrafts.
"Sales have been down, and some days we don't get anything at all," says the 23-year-old.
The shop is now operating on reduced hours and is struggling to meet a quarter of its daily sales targets. But it is not just the shops that are suffering, it is also the people who work in them.
Ms White has worked 55 fewer hours than normal over the past month.
"That equates to a lot of money that I can't live without. It's a really difficult situation.
"If this continues much longer I will have to find somewhere else to work and I don't want to do that because I like this job.
"We have a lot of loyal customers but I've only seen two of those because it's scary."
Image caption Local businesses are keen to promote a "business as usual" message despite the visible police presence
Tourism is big business in Salisbury. Nearly 10% of all jobs are tourism related, and it is estimated that more than five million people visited Salisbury in 2016, spending about £270m.
VisitWiltshire, which promotes tourism in the city, says it has seen a drop in the number of visitors and revenue for March and April. It describes the picture as "mixed" with some businesses reporting losses of 40%.
There are concerns about forward bookings and cancellations from the domestic market which is why VisitWiltshire was given a £200,000 government grant to promote its message that it is "business as usual".
Undeterred by the headlines, John and Polly Goodman have visited from Reading.
"I'm sure [it is] perfectly safe. I don't have any qualms about being here at all," says Mr Goodman.
"They know what they're doing and they're cleaning it all up and I trust the authorities to get it sorted. It feels unfair to punish Salisbury because of a terrible attack."
Image caption Leader of Salisbury City Council, Matthew Dean, says free parking, park and ride, and bus travel have been brought in to encourage people to visit
Fred and Cathay from Nice, France, are visiting the city for the first time as part of a tour around the UK, with their children Antoine and Louise.
"I knew something had happened but I didn't know it was actually here. But frankly, we don't care at all," says Cathay.
"We come from Nice where a man in a truck killed 80 people. Fred's mum was injured in that attack but she is ok. For us, we live and want to explore the world."
Salisbury City Council has introduced free parking, free park and ride, and some free bus travel in an attempt to draw people back.
Council leader, Matthew Dean, says a number of special events are also in the pipeline and a St George's day celebration held on Sunday in the Market Square attracted 2,500 people.
"The affected areas from the attack comprise less than 2% of the city," he says.
"If nothing is found over the next week, the sites will be handed back over for public use straight away."
Image copyright Andrew Matthews/PA Wire Image caption Different barriers have been erected at Zizzi's, the restaurant where the Skripals ate on 4 March
Image caption Paul Lewis's jewellers overlooks Zizzi's, seen cordoned off in the background
Allum and Sidaway, a family-run jewellers, faces Zizzi's - the restaurant where the Skripals ate before the attack and which is now hidden by a blue cordon.
The shop's manager Paul Lewis is also a director of Salisbury's Chamber of Commerce, which represents about 500 businesses.
"This January and February saw year-on-year growth - of 25% and 45% respectively - but since March when the incident happened I've had a 25% drop."
He forecasts April will be worse for his shop.
"I can expect that because there was a media circus going on right outside my door. It still doesn't feel like there's any sort of recovery."
Image caption The editor of the Salisbury Journal says locals are frustrated with some national media coverage
A few narrow streets away from the Market Square, the Salisbury Journal's editor Joe Riddle is preparing the latest issue of his paper.
The journalist grew up in the city and believes Salisbury will recover.
"A lot of people are fed up with how some sections of the national press are portraying Salisbury, giving the impression it is shut down and that the whole city is a no-go area.
"There is frustration and they feel that is putting people off from coming here.
"Most people in Salisbury have moved on and hopefully, once this has all blown over, it will be business as usual."
The Niger Delta Round Table, a political pressure group has condemned the recent comment credited to a former member of the National Assembly from Bayelsa State, Senator Clever Ikisikpo that President Muhammadu Buhari has done more for Niger Deltans than former President Goodluck Janathan.
In a statement signed by the coordinator of the group, Tonye Lle described Senator Ikisikpo who is a former member of House of Representatives and the Upper House as a sore loser who is seeking for cheap publicity.
According to him, “Senator Clever Ikisikpo, a one time Senator from Bayelsa East Senatorial zone and a chieftain of the Progressives Congress is seeking to rewrite our most recent history by claiming that President Muhammadu Buhari has done more for Bayelsa and the Niger Delta than former President Goodluck Jonathan did”.
Lle in the statement described the comment of the former lawmaker as a shallow attempt to gain cheap popularity and to lobby his way into the heart of President Buhari.
He noted that Ikisikpo was only trying to “tarnish the rising profile of our illustrious son and achiever, Goodluck Ebele Jonathan”, adding that Buhari's best performance of slightly taking the economy he sent into recession out of it, does not come close to the least of Jonathan's achievements which was to give the people of Bayelsa a Federal University, one that will ensure Bayelsa youths and other Nigerian youths get quality education to safeguard their future from unrealistic and shallow mindedness.
He disclosed that it is because of Ikisikpo's shallowness and lack of vision that the people and leaders of Ogbia Local Government rejected him as chairman, relegated him to a nobody despite being a then serving senator, and even denied him a second term to the Senate.
“When he could no longer bear the rejection from the people and because he thought Jonathan was behind it, Ikisikpo decamped to the APC to run Jonathan down. Even though Ikisikpo belongs to the party in power now, he is still as unstable as ever and keeps crying over his self-inflicted wounds'', he said.
NATCHITOCHES, La. — Kalob Ledoux had a career-best 34 points as McNeese rolled over Northwestern State 75-62 to even its Southland Conference record on Saturday afternoon.
Ledoux drained seven 3-pointers on eight attempts. Quatarrius Wilson had 13 points to go with his 15 rebounds for his eighth double double of the season and Jarren Greenwood added 11 points while dishing out five assists for McNeese (8-12, 5-5).
The Cowboys nailed 10 of 20 from long range, while Northwestern State was just 1 of 11 from deep.
McNeese, which led throughout except for a few minutes in the first half, was ahead 35-25 at the break. Northwestern State closed to 63-58 with 5:48 left. Ledoux answered with a jumper as the Cowboys finished on a 12-4 run.
Ishmael Lane was 6 of 10 from the floor for 14 points with three blocks for Northwestern State (3-19, 0-11).
Sheah Rarback, a registered dietitian, is on the faculty of the Miller School of Medicine at the University of Miami. She answers your questions about nutrition.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:36 Nick Chubb on why he's returning for another year
Win McNamee/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — In the days following the inauguration of President Donald Trump, the Federal Bureau of Investigation interviewed then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn to discuss his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the U.S., according to multiple government officials.
ABC News has previously reported that Flynn's communications with Russia, including with its ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, have been examined as part of a broad counterintelligence investigation into contacts between the Trump team and Russians. This is the first confirmation that the FBI spoke with Flynn directly.
It was not immediately clear what the FBI and Flynn discussed.
Law enforcement sources told ABC News that the inquiry has not found evidence of any criminal wrongdoing in the communications examined thus far, but that the probe remains under FBI and Department of Justice review.
Flynn's interview with FBI came before then-acting Attorney General Sally Yates reached out to the White House on Jan. 26 to alert the administration that the National Security Adviser may have misled officials about the nature of his conversations with Kislyak.
ABC News has also learned that FBI Director James Comey had expressed concern about telling the White House, fearing it could impact the FBI probe, but he acquiesced after investigators were able to interview Flynn. Questions remain though about how forthcoming Flynn was in his interview with FBI.
Flynn's resignation Monday evening came in the wake of news reports about Yates' contacting the White House more than two weeks before.
He resigned in a letter saying he “inadvertently briefed the vice president-elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador.”
Flynn initially denied he talked specifically about sanctions with the ambassador. And Vice President Mike Pence publicly vouched for Flynn, saying in TV interviews that Flynn and the Russian envoy had not discussed sanctions.
ABC News confirmed last week that Flynn and Kislyak did talk after Trump's campaign victory about U.S. sanctions against Russia over its interference in the presidential election, which raised questions about whether Flynn's conversations may have violated federal law.
Administration sources said Flynn called Pence last week to apologize.
Despite Flynn's resignation, Republicans as well as Democrats called Tuesday for the investigation into his actions to continue.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Vancouver's self-guided walking tours
By Caroline Ho, Arts Editor
Now that the weather is consistently pleasant, it's the perfect time to head outside and appreciate some free public art.
The city of Vancouver's website offers three self-guided public art walking tours: one along the Burrard Corridor, one along Waterfront, and one around Yaletown and False Creek, each with a downloadable PDF brochure. I led myself on the third one on a very grey Thursday, which turned out to be excellent weather for the tour—not rainy, but not hot enough to make walking around for an hour or two unbearable.
The Yaletown – False Creek tour features 14 works of art, starting about a minute's walk away from the Yaletown-Roundhouse Canada Line station, looping around David Lam Park and the South False Creek Seawall, and circling back near the starting point. Even for someone as directionally-challenged as me, it wasn't too hard to follow the map and find the art. The whole circuit took me about an hour and a half, although you can easily stroll through it much quicker or slower if desired. The brochure also includes a few other optional sites and exhibits, though a visitor is free to see or skip any of the stops.
First up is “Footnotes” by Gwen Boyle, which is made up of words and larger blocks of text inlaid with the tiles on the sidewalk of Pacific Boulevard. All the words and poems relate to the history of False Creek, and some of the tiles are deeply evocative, such as “ANCIENT PATHWAYS” or “TIDES WEPT,” while others like “WHOA!!!” are more abstract.
The second stop is Alan Storey's “Password,” consisting of spinning blocks of letters along Pacific Boulevard. It's fascinating enough to walk past the piece and catch glimpses of words being spelled out as the blocks turn, but if you stop to take a good look you may find yourself staring at the work for a long while, trying to make out all the possible combinations of letters.
The circuit then turns to David Lam Park and along the Seawall. “Red Horizontal” by Gisele Amantea at first looks like just a strip of red colour along the wall, but up close it's a series of red-tinted photographs showing the insides of local houses and apartments. It feels almost as though it should be intrusive to look into people's homes, but instead it's surprisingly inviting and intimate, giving the viewer a welcoming glimpse into local life.
My favourite piece of the self-guided tour is probably Don Vaughan's “Marking High Tide and Waiting for Low Tide,” a concrete installation of pillars connected at the top by a stone ring, containing an evocative inscription about the tides. The installation has a very stately and almost ritualistic feel, challenging the viewer to acknowledge the ancient majesty of the tides and geological change.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find one of the works, Henry Tsang's “Welcome to the Land of Light,” but it was easy to pick up the trail with the next stop: “Street Light,” which featured six tall bronze beams topped with panels displaying historic events in the city. The artwork is also accompanied by written descriptions of the city's events and history. Viewed on a sunny day, the perforated panels display their images as shadows on the sidewalk; on a cloudier day, you can still appreciate the images if you stand back a few meters and look up.
Just west of Cambie Bridge is “Time Top,” a quirky stone sculpture resembling a retro spaceship. In front of the piece are a few little comic panels etched on the rocks along the Seawall, giving the sculpture a wonderfully whimsical character.
“Coopers Mews,” by Alan Storey and located at Coopers Mews and Marinaside Crescent, even encourages the viewer to interact with the artwork. The piece is made up of several barrels along a metal rail suspended above your head, with a boardwalk underneath the rails. If you step on some of the boardwalk planks the barrels make noise (although it took me a while to figure out exactly where to step to produce the sound).
Al Williams' “Untitled” is a black granite fountain with a thought-provoking geometric structure. To me, the spiral shape of the fountain appears as a flower, though I can easily see how it might also be interpreted as a wheel or the blades of a fan. The piece invites you to ponder its multiple meanings, especially since the gentle sounds of running water offer a degree of seclusion from the bustle of the city.
Along with these pieces, plenty of other works of public art can be found on the the Yaletown – False Creek tour, on the other two tours, and throughout the rest of Metro Vancouver. Some of this art is in the form of standalone sculptures or installations, while other works are woven into the city's roadways and architecture.
Once you start to look for it, Metro Vancouver is full of art and ornamentation that enriches our local culture and history. You can check out the self-guided tours yourself, and learn about other works of public art, at vancouver.ca/publicart.
GFF begins process to reintegrate Pele FC and GFC into association football
The Guyana Football Federation (GFF) has commenced efforts to reintegrate the Pele Football Club and the Georgetown Football Club into the activities of the their Association, the Georgetown Football Association (GFA), following their relegation from the Elite League, a release from the GFF informed.
This will result in the named clubs becoming registered members of the GFA and participating in the activities of the same. The next major activities of the Association are the GFF-Pele Alumni
Frank Watson National U15 Tournament and the GFF-NAMILCO Thunderbolt Flour Power
National U17 Tournament, the latter scheduled to begin this weekend.
These competitions will afford the youth players from the respective clubs the much-needed opportunity to be engaged in active football.
Further, the senior team will be allowed to participate in the Association's tournaments and compete to regain their position in the elite league.
The GFF had taken the decision to relegate both clubs in accordance with Article; 13,1a and
13,1c of the Constitution of the Guyana Football Federation following their withdrawal from the senior league, the release concluded.
by Mike Dunphy
Cleopatra used to bathe in saffron to increase her sexual pleasure; Casanova started each day with a breakfast of 50 oysters, and ancient Aztec ruler Montezuma legendarily consumed more than 50 cups of chocolate before visiting his harem. So long as human shave gotten down by the fire, aphrodisiacs have been used to turn up the heat or jump start chilly libidos.
One resource for Montpelierites looking to do the same is Iris Gage at Grian Herbs, who welcomes many customers seeking herbal support and enhancement to lovemaking. However, drinking a tea, dropping a tincture, burning an essential oil is never as direct a charge as the little blue pill, she emphasizes.
“With herbs in general, they take time,” Gage explains. “Rarely are you going to be able to drink a tea and immediately feel the effects. People need to get that out of their head that if it doesn't work within 24 hours, it doesn't work at all.
”As with any infusion of herbal remedies, aphrodisiacs often need to go hand in hand with larger changes in lifestyle to reach maximum potency. “People always want Band-Aids,” Gage points out, “that's why I always ask lots of questions and then educate a little bit. I talk about what is a libido, what is a sex drive, circulation, cortisol, adrenaline, endorphins; Maybe it's exercise, drinking water, eating better; I try to give a bigger picture so they know how better to address it, rather than just handing them something and saying, ‘good luck.
'”That said, Gage recommends several herbal enhancements at the shop that can indeed raise and facilitate carnal yearnings:
Schizandra Berry
This berry comes from northern China and also goes by the name of the “five-flavored berry, ”with distinct bitter, sweet, sour, pungent, salty notes. Chemically, it supports the adrenal gland and creates energy and stamina. It's also considered an “adaptogen,” which helps the body to resist the damaging effects of stress and promote normal physiological functioning, making it ideal for people who don't have very much energy and are bogged down by daily stressers.
Ashwagandha
This root from India, also called “Indian ginseng” and “strength of ten horses” is considered one of the most important herbs in Ayurvedic medicine. The reputed benefits are many, including with arthritis, cancer, Alzheimer's, heart health, menopause, and more. It's also mentioned in the Kama Sutra as an aphrodisiac for both men and women, and studies have shown it to improve sexual arousal, lubrication, orgasm, and satisfaction, in part thanks to dilatation of the vessels that carry blood to the genitals.
Maca
This Peruvian tuber grown in the high Andes was once worshiped by the ancient Incans for its herbal power. That's why it shows up so often nowadays in weight lifting supplements catered to men, as well as aphrodisiac formulas, particularly in China. Loaded with zinc, iodine, and essential fatty acids, maca may balance sex hormones and improve mood. Post-menopausal women also report that it reduces symptoms like hot flashes, night sweats, and depression, thereby increasing libido. In men, the resulting increase in nitric oxide helps alleviate erectile and sexual dysfunction.
Hawthorn
This member of the rose family, particularly the berries, has long been associated with fertility. In ancient Greece, bridesmaids wore its fragrant blossoms while brides carried a Hawthorn bough. As a result, it's used in a lot of libido formulas, as it's great for stimulating blood circulation and opening up the vessels, particularly in the heart, which gets a boost in the amount of blood pumped out during contractions. This is the same for pelvic blood flow, thereby reducing issues with erectile dysfunction.
Ylang Ylang
Never underestimate the power of smell to facilitate arousal. The flowers of the ylang ylang tree, found in the rain forests of the South Pacific, Madagascar, and Polynesia, have been doing it for centuries. Diffused as an essential oil, the soft, sweet, jasmine-esque aroma breathes an exotic and sensual air into the room that both uplifts and relaxes the body, slows the heartrate, reducing stress, depression, and anxiety, while inducing feelings of joy and hope. There's no wonder its fragrant pale yellow blossoms are spread on the beds of newlyweds in Indonesia.
Cacao
The close partnership between sex and chocolate is well-documented, but additional oomph may come when consuming raw cacao, essentially chopped up beans with the shells removed. That means no added sugar, but also a denser dose of iron, magnesium, calcium, and caffeine. Cacao also contains the compounds of anandamide and phenylethylamine, aka “the love chemical,” which triggers the release of endorphins and pleasurable opium-like neurochemicals, which otherwise release naturally when we fall in love and during sexual activity.
Share this:
In September last year, two people who were instrumental in the early days of Australia's same-sex marriage movement sat in a Collingwood cafe, talking about the LGBTI community's next move. Adrian Tuazon-McCheyne ID: 10898221
Back in 2004, two couples – Jason & Adrian Tuazon McCheyne, and Jacqui Tomlins & Sarah Nichols – sought to have their Canadian marriages recognised in Australia.
It provoked a response from then-prime minister John Howard, who amended the Marriage Act to explicitly ban same-sex marriage. At the same time, Australian Marriage Equality was founded, and the debate continues to this day.
The couples remained active in LGBTI rights campaigning, and also remained friends. So when Jason Tuazon McCheyne, frustrated by the inaction and negativity of 2016, had a big idea for Australia's LGBTI community, he turned to Tomlins.
“She was the first person I wanted to sound out the idea to: where to now?” he told BuzzFeed News.
“We're losing in the public sphere, in the media sphere, in the political sphere, we're losing the fights that we have. We haven't gotten marriage over the line. Safe Schools has been destroyed.
“It's time we work more closely together – not reinvent the wheel, but get together and realise what is important to each of the parties involved.”
Fast forward six months, and this week will see the launch of The Equality Project: an ambitious national organisation, bringing together advocacy groups to strengthen the LGBTI community against media and political attacks.
ID: 10898488
After that first conversation in Collingwood, Tuazon McCheyne went on to speak to more than 400 people across Australia and overseas, establishing a working group of around 25 people from all corners of the community.
The network has gained backing from a wide array of groups and people, including the Asian Australian Alliance, Just Equal, Transgender Victoria, Democracy in Colour, and Deaf Australia. Board members from pride festivals Mardi Gras and Midsumma are involved. Recently established LGBTI faith group Equal Voices is on board too.
Tuazon-McCheyne stressed The Equality Project is not intended as a peak body: “It's not an umbrella organisation, it's a serving one.”
The Equality Project will host a national conference, Better Together, in January next year. The aim is to get 1000 attendees, and answer a central question: how can we create a world in which LGBTIQ people are full citizens?
“We'll have international speakers on domestic violence, intersex visibility, and we've got some strong, pro-religious figures already locked in,” Tuazon McCheyne said.
“A whole stack of people don't know each other, organisations haven't had a chance to work with each other. We can bring equity where it's missing.”
Adrian Tuazon-McCheyne ID: 10898226
Mark Nannup, an Aboriginal man from Meekatharra in Western Australia, will be one of five speakers at the Melbourne launch on Thursday evening.
He hopes the Equality Project can play a part in a central goal of his: taking LGBTI activism and resources back into rural and remote Indigenous communities.
“There's a big lack of information about Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and being gay,” he told BuzzFeed News.
Nannup said Aboriginal culture is a “blind spot” for non-Indigenous people thinking about how to help young LGBTI people come out, which often leads to Indigenous LGBTI people leaving their communities to move to more accepting areas.
“You come to the point where you think ‘Oh shit, I'm gay',” he said. “It's not just coming from our community, but to proceed with law and culture, it's a struggle. The sense of no longer being a part of that, or being distant from it, is hard.”
Nannup organised Indigenous elders to lead the Midsumma pride march for the first time earlier this year. He is also on the Victorian NAIDOC committee, as well as working and studying at the Victorian College of the Arts.
He hopes that extending his advocacy into remote communities will empower other young Indigenous people to step up and take on leadership roles.
“A lot of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are still too shy, or not really known for walking up and being in a room full of people and talking about all these policies and politics,” he said.
“I'm just trying to create a sense of breaking that stereotype, to go out there and confront and speak about these things and educate each other on what's happening.”
ID: 10898230
The endeavour will also include straight allies. Melbourne man Ramas McRae will speak at the launch about similarities between LGBTIQ people and other communities, and the importance of solidarity.
“A single stick is easy to break, but a whole bundle – almost impossible,” McRae told BuzzFeed News. “Although it seems cliché, it is so true.”
McRae drew parallels between his own Deaf community and the LGBTIQ community when it comes to equal rights and inclusion.
“I am straight and I have a lovely wife as well as a young son,” he said. “But I understand what it is like to face barriers to access. For example, cinemas don't provide closed captions for movie screenings, very few companies/businesses are deaf friendly.”
Tuazon McCheyne said The Equality Project was borne from a position of “pride and determination” – not a downtrodden or defeatist attitude.
“What brings us together is oppression and discrimination, but we are a strong resilient bunch of people and we want to build each other up,” he said.
“None of the communities participating in this conference are full citizens at this time. The aim is for a world in which all of them are.”
An IT worker in Comptroller Scott Stringer's office was arrested at work Friday after one of his colleges recognized him as a wanted subway creep, officials said.
Raza Qaisar, 59, faces charges of forcible touching for allegedly fondling the backside of a fellow passenger on a No. 7 train Sept. 27, according to cops.
The NYPD on Wednesday released the photo that led to the man's arrest.
“After seeing the photo in media reports, a member of our staff alerted office leadership, who contacted the NYPD,” a Stringer spokesman said. “We are currently undertaking a review of this matter.”
Qaisar, who earns $53,560 a year, has no prior arrests, police said.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Barossa pruning history
It is the race that stops South Australia's wine regions, and for Malcolm Parish and his family, it is an event that holds more than a century of tradition. The South Australian Pruning Championships have a long history in the Clare Valley, dating back to the early 1900s. Source, The ABC.
CLARK, N.J. — Parents raise their children hoping they will grow to stand up for what is right, and players on a fifth-grade coed basketball team in New Jersey made their parents proud this past weekend.
Teammates decided unanimously they would rather forfeit the rest of their season than continue playing without the girls who were part of the team.
Many of the players on the St. John the Apostle Parish School team had been playing together since second grade, and this season the squad was comprised of nine boys and two girls.
The coed team had played 10 games so far this season with no one raising an issue about league regulations on age and gender.
Two weeks ago, league officials said the team had to forfeit those first 10 games, citing league rules that they should never have played as a coed team, according to Matthew Dohn, a parent whose son plays on the team.
Though coed teams are allowed in the Catholic Youth Organization league until fourth grade, the team of fifth-graders now falls under middle school rules that prohibit coed teams, James Goodness, spokesman for the archdiocese of Newark told CNN.
Dohn claimed these rules were not clearly posted anywhere. The league's director could not be immediately reached for comment.
The St. John's Chargers were sitting in third place in their division going into Friday night's game and would still have been allowed to compete in the league playoffs, but only if the girls did not play, the parent said.
League referees and St. John's opponents were waiting to start the game, and the team's coaches and parents asked the players what they wanted to do.
“Show of hands, play as a team?” the players were asked.
All 11 Chargers players raised their hands, Dohn said. A coach then reminded the team that they would not be allowed to compete in the playoffs if they stayed as a team and they would forfeit the rest of the season.
“It doesn't matter,” one player replied, according to Dohn.
“I was filled with emotion and joy,” Dohn told CNN.
“They're only kids but they know what's important.”
The game and season were forfeited but the team still played a scrimmage amongst themselves, with half the team wearing their white uniforms and the other half in custom-made, navy-blue T-shirts with “#UnityGames” written across the front.
Team parents made the shirts following the notice two weeks ago that league rules were violated.
Representatives from St. John the Apostle Parish declined to comment.
Although the team's season is officially over, Dohn said they will continue to practice together.
Ted Raymond, Newstalk 580 CFRA
Ontario Provincial Police say westbound lanes of Highway 401 will be closed “for an extended period of time” following a fatal tractor trailer collision and fire west of Napanee.
The collision is between Deseronto Road and Highway 49. Traffic is being detoured at Deseronto.
Investigators were looking for one driver, saying in a news release the driver's whereabouts were “unknown," but police later said the driver was found and succumbed to their injuries at the scene.
A second driver involved in the crash was not hurt.
Police say the fire is active and fire crews are at the scene.
More to come.
Blog: IIoT expands the maintenance maturity model
Analytics, remote monitoring enabled by IIoT enable new, more effective maintenance strategies that move users from reactive or condition-based to predictive and prescriptive maintenance
With the emergence of Industrial IoT (IIoT), collecting data from equipment is moving from paper-based, manual inspections to automated systems. This improves both data quality and quantity. IIoT-enabled remote asset monitoring also dramatically expands the number and variety of parameters that can be monitored cost effectively. Combined with today's more advanced analytics, these data enable industrial organizations to implement new, more effective maintenance strategies to progress further along on the maturity continuum from reactive, to preventive, too condition-based to predictive, and – ultimately – to prescriptive maintenance. With higher maintenance maturity, comes broader business benefits that go beyond reducing…
Justin Bieber is working on his own new music…but in the meantime, he lent his voice in SPANISH to Daddy Yankee on his new stuff!
Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee released the remix of their song “Despacito” late last night (remix = with the Biebs on it!).
Take a listen below…but give it a second! Justin starts of in English and then switches to Spanish:
Impressive right?
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:57 Police officer donates bike to help Warner Robins man with his daily commute
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
SpaceX founder Elon Musk listens at a press conference following the first launch of a SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, U.S., February 6, 2018.. (photo credit: REUTERS)
Founder of SpaceX and Tesla, Elon Musk, was spotted in Jerusalem this week, launching his millions of Twitter and Instagram fans into an atmosphere of pure joy.
Musk uploaded a video of his Jerusalem bar escapades on Instagram, racking up nearly 250,000 likes within two hours.
"Learning how to pour flaming absinthe over a tower of glasses in a Jerusalem speakeasy. Everything's better with fire...," Musk wrote on Instagram.The serial entrepreneur is assessed to have a net worth of $20.8 billion and is listed by Forbes as the 53rd richest person in the world as of February 2018.
Uma Thurman wins primary custody of 4-year-old daughter Thurman had been embroiled in a custody battle with French financier-ex Arpad "Arki" Busson.
Uma Thurman skips court date for play rehearsal The actress and ex Arpad "Arki" Busson are believed to have reached a custody agreement, but she has yet to sign off on it.
Uma Thurman and ex near end to ugly custody battle Thurman and her ex Arpad “Arki” Busson have one last chance to reach a settlement on their own.
Uma Thurman and ex race to reach custody agreement A Manhattan judge decides the fate of their four-year-old daughter, Luna, on Monday afternoon.
Uma Thurman gives emotional testimony in custody battle She and her ex Arpad Busson are entangled in a brutal custody battle over their 4-year-old daughter, Luna.
Uma Thurman's ex denies alleged prostitute addiction The actress' attorney grilled Arpad “Arki” Busson about cheating on a college admissions test, an alleged addiction to prostitutes and his rocky relationship with supermodel Elle Macpherson.
Ex claims Uma Thurman never returned $1.5M ring Uma Thurman and and Arpad "Arki" Busson duked it out in court.
Parents fire back after Uma Thurman's ex rips elite private school Parents at the toughest school to get into in the city railed against Uma Thurman's ex-boyfriend Friday for grousing that it was “cluttered and depressing” and its students were “dirty...
Ex accuses Uma Thurman of mixing pills and booze to treat mental illness A psychologist testified that the former couple should not be in a room together with their 4-year-old daughter.
LAFAYETTE, Colo. — A physical education teacher at a middle school in Lafayette, Colorado was placed on paid administrative leave Thursday pending the outcome of an investigation, Boulder Valley School District officials confirmed.
Lafayette Police say the investigation into Karen Smith stems from an allegation she assaulted a student who refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.
Police responded to Angevine Middle School around noon Thursday. Detectives are currently conducting interviews to determine what happened and if criminal charges are warranted.
District officials declined to confirm details surrounding the alleged incident. However, in a letter sent to parents, administrators write that they are cooperating with police.
School officials say Smith, a 20-year veteran of the Boulder Valley School District, will be replaced with a substitute teacher for the time being.
The school also asks that “everyone respects Ms. Smith's privacy,” and stress they are “dedicated, as always, to supporting our students and ensuring that we have qualified educators working with them during their physical education time.”
Back by popular demand, the Welsh singing superstar returns to the red rotating chair on ITV
The Voice UK 2018 coaches: Tom Jones
Age: 77
Advertisement
Twitter: @RealSirTomJones
Best known for: Being a Welsh singing sensation, Voice veteran and national treasure
Bio: You'd be hard pressed to find someone who didn't know who Welsh music mega star Sir Tom Jones is. His original name was Thomas John Woodward and he was born in Pontypridd in Wales.
His career in the music industry spans no less than six decades, during which he released numerous hit songs including It's Not Unusual, Delilah, What's New Pussycat?, Green Green Grass of Home, Kiss, She's A Lady and Sex Bomb.
He's sold millions upon millions of records, performed in Las Vegas numerous times, and in 2006 he was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II for services to music.
He was one of the original coaches on the first series of The Voice UK and remained in his spinning red seat for four years, winning the show with Leanne Mitchell in 2012.
Why wasn't Tom Jones on the Voice UK in 2016?
Well, the Welsh wonder was controversially dropped from the line-up and he wasn't best pleased about it, openly criticising the BBC for their handling of the situation.
Legions of fans flocked to The Voice UK's blog to complain about their treatment of the singer, and 83% of voters surveyed by RadioTimes.com said it was a mistake to replace him.
ITV clearly thought the BBC had made a mistake too and invited Jones back when they bought the format and he is now returning for 2018.
Advertisement
The Voice UK airs Saturdays on ITV.
The Comptroller-General of Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Muhammad Babandede has been urged to do all within his reach to make the process of issuing passport easy.
The Paramount ruler/Nye New Eli Rumuogba, HRH (Eze) Temple N.Ejekwu, the Eze Ogbanu Iji-nu-Ede, said this in a chat with The Tide in Port Harcourt.
He said that the call is now necessary as to allow for a better service delivery in Immigration.
Ejekwu, who is also a public Affairs analyst, pointed out that orderliness in NIS would project the country's image in the international community.
The legal icon, revealed how the state Governor, Chief Nyesom Wike has been supportive of the state command of NIS and said they won't be excused, if they perform poorly.
He recalled how the governor recently aided in updating the passport house in the state, saying that there was need for high expectation from the command in the state.
On how to promote the service, he called on the Comptroller-General, to detail his men in the state on how to use the media and members of the public to fish out eggs in the service.
Upon such achievement, he said that there would be efficient service delivery in the system.
According to him, every act of subjecting Nigerians into any form of hardship in acquiring passport or other services from NIS must be eliminated.
Though, he said that there was no known poor service recorded by the command in the state, but maintained that it would be proper to be on its toes going by the economic viability of the state.
However, he has said that since the introduction of the Information and Communication Technology (ICT) to NIS, that its services have so far improved tremendously.
From Tony Veneziano
BEAVER DAM, Wisc. (April 24, 2018) – The Wipperfurth Memorial Open Wheel Triple Crown, featuring three travelling series, will hit the track at Beaver Dam Raceway in Wisconsin on Sunday, April 29.
Headlining the three-division show will be the Bumper to Bumper IRA Outlaw Sprints, who will be visiting the high-banked third-mile a total of four times this season. Also in action will be the Badger Midget Auto Racing Association (BMARA) and the Wisconsin wingLESS Sprint Series presented by AutoMeter. The event will mark the first time all three series have raced at the same track on the same night.
The IRA contested four races at Beaver Dam last year, with eight-time series champion Bill Balog picking up three wins. Balog won a total of 13 races in 2017 en route to the IRA championship. Carson Macedo, from California, also won with the series at Beaver Dam in 2017. Scotty Thiel, who was second in points last year, finished second to Balog in two of those races at Beaver Dam. The native of Sheboygan Wisc., won four times with the IRA last year and is a past winner with the series at Beaver Dam Raceway.
The Badger Midgets will be competing at Beaver Dam Raceway for the first time since 2010. Dating back to 1993, BMARA has contested a total of 56 races at the high-banked third-mile. Scott Hatton was the most recent winner with the series at Beaver Dam in 2010. A total of 21 drivers have visited victory lane at the track over the years. The Open Wheel Triple Crown will mark the first of two appearances by the Badger Midgets at Beaver Dam Raceway in 2018.
Last season, Robbie Ray earned the Badger Midget championship on the strength of 12 top-10 finishes in 13 races, including a pair of wins. A new champion will be crowned this season as Ray retired following the 2017 campaign. Hatton led the series with six wins last year on his way to a runner-up finish in points. Balog picked up a pair of Badger Midgets wins over the course of the 2017 season. Bryan Stanfill, Gage Walker and Zach Daum each picked up one Badger Midget win a piece in 2017.
The Wisconsin wingLESS Sprint Series will be contesting its third season of competition in 2018. Jordan Mattson of Milwaukee is the defending series champion, after scoring a pair of wins last year, along with recorkding 16 top-10 finishes in 17 starts.
Doug Schenck was the winningest driver with the series in 2017, taking the checkered flag seven times en route to a runner-up finish in points. Tim Cox, who was third in points, won four races, while Allen Hafford and Derek Crane each picked up two wins. Cox won the season opener at Beaver Dam Raceway last year, while Ryan Zielski was victorious in the series return to the track in the fall.
Pit gates will open at 1:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 29 for the Wipperfurth Memorial Open Wheel Triple Crown. Grandstand gates will open at 2:30 p.m., with qualifying at 3:30 p.m. and racing at 4:30 p.m.
For more information, visit http://www.wismotorsports.net.
Following the renovations of Perkins Hall and Barbour Hall last summer, the Office of Residential Life will be renovating first-year residence halls Emery, Woolley, Morris and Champlin and upper-year halls Young Orchard #2, #4, and #10 this summer.
In the past six years, Residential Life has focused on renovations in both first-year and upper-year housing, with projects in Keeney Quadrangle, Miller Hall, Metcalf Hall, Andrews Hall, Wayland House, Wriston Quadrangle, Perkins Hall and Barbour Hall, wrote Richard Hilton, assistant director of Residential Life, in an email to The Herald. While the last three summers focused exclusively on upper-year housing, ResLife is returning to refreshing first-year buildings this summer, he added.
Hilton noted that the halls will be newly painted and carpeted, new beds will be installed and the hallway and big lounges on the ground floors of Morris and Emery will undergo improvements. Expenses for the summer renovations are expected to run about $5 million.
James Feinberg '20, who lived in Emery this year, said he did not believe the dorms required renovations.
“Emery is really fine on most counts aside from being less than easy on the eyes and the fact that the showerheads are pretty low,” Feinberg said. “There are locking bathrooms — one to every two rooms — which are great, and some of the rooms are pretty spacious.”
On the other hand, Malwina Skowron '18, who resided in Young Orchard #10 this year, noted that her dorm could use a refresh.
“The suite I live in definitely has some character,” Skowron said. “When the heat is on, the radiator makes clanging noises that I've gotten used to but is still definitely strange.” Skowron also pointed out that while she was able to control the thermostat last semester, “it has been out of our control for some time,” requiring her to resort to opening the windows on warm days during the winter season.
Skowron noted that the furniture and walls are still in good condition, but the dorms do have an “ant problem” with ants crawling out from cracks in the caulk in the kitchen and bathtub. Yet, despite these problems, she said that “considering that there are four bedrooms, a kitchen, bathroom and living room in one space, there (are) not many problems that wouldn't also be an issue in a regular off-campus house.”
For now, Skowron said the most useful change would be to the vents in the bathroom that often do not remove any heat or steam, leaving the room soaked when someone uses the shower.
Renovations to residence halls are often well-received. Alex Daigle '19, who lives in Barbour this year, said he enjoys living in the hall because of its updated appearance and its effectiveness as a “communal living space.” While the layout of the building can create an “echo chamber,” he likes the open courtyard and the kitchen amenities in the suites.
Hilton writes that there are several considerations made in ultimately deciding to pursue the renovations. We consider the “overall condition of building, functionality (and) what other buildings were renovated recently,” Hilton wrote. “We try to balance attention to different class years, and we have to attend both to upgrades that students see — the visible things — and necessary work like heat and the roof that are not as visible to students when we improve them.”
All renovations are expected to be completed by the first week of August.
— Additional reporting by Hattie Xu
(Reuters) - Storm Gert has strengthened into the second hurricane of the 2017 Atlantic season, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said on Monday.
The hurricane, now located about 445 miles (720 km) west of Bermuda with maximum sustained winds of 75 miles per hour (120 km/h), is moving toward the north at about 8 miles per hour (13 km/h) at present, the NHC said.
"Swells generated by Gert will spread northward along the east coast of the United States from North Carolina northward to Long Island during the next couple of days," it added.
(Reporting by Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru)
ALAMEDA — Just win, baby?
With apologies to the late Al Davis, Khalil Mack clearly stated the revised mission statement Monday for the 2017 Raiders:
“Just win now,” Mack said as the Raiders kicked off their offseason program. “That's what it comes down to. That's all we want to do. Because we don't know what's going t happen down the line. This team we have now, we want to focus on winning now.”
With a healthy media contingent in tow, including print and television reporters from Las Vegas, the Raiders trotted out Mack, quarterback Derek Carr and center Rodney Hudson to address an active offseason that included the news of the club's relocation and other issues.
Mack, upon being named the NFL Defensive Player of the Year, was so self-satisfied with the honor that he doubled the amount of time off this off-season.
“I squeezed in two (days) this year,” Mack said. “My mom made me.”
In other words, it doesn't appear Mack will allow stardom to go to his head.
“That was the motivation I needed,” Mack said. “It only heightened everything from preparation, to workout, to just knowing everything you can get better at, even though you did have that success. It made me more hungry.”
As for Las Vegas, Mack conceded there is an initial awkwardness with the Raiders' lame duck status, although he expects the feeling won't last long.
“It just feels weird right now,” Mack said. “But I feel once we get in that stadium and get around the fans — they know we don't have control over those things. It comes down to us coming to work and doing our job and doing whatever we can, whatever it takes to win.”
While Carr waxed poetic about his conflicted feelings regarding the Raiders move on social media following the announcement, and then talked about it again on Monday, Mack was willing to let the Raiders' team leader take the lead.
“My thoughts were the same as Derek's,” Mack said. “I just retweeted his. It was easy for me having him say those words. The words that he said, just hit spot on for me. I used his tweet and I'm going to use those again today.”
Other topics addressed by Mack Monday:
— The potential acquisition of running back Marshawn Lynch, who had 21 rushes for 67 yards in the only game Mack was an opponent:
“Marshawn, man, one of the great running backs I've played against in my short career . . . it would be a great, great, great, great treat to have him on this side, the dark side. You can't really control what's going to happen but we look forward to it if it happens.”
Asked about Lynch's running style, Mack said “I think he's the most physical guy I've played against. He ran power right at me, and I remember that play.”
— Mack can be controlled by the Raiders through next season by invoking a fifth-year option, leaving general manager Reggie McKenzie to work on making sure a Carr deal gets done before he reaches free agency in 2018.
That being the case, Mack didn't sound nearly as concerned about his contract status as Carr, who conceded he is watching the process closely.
“That stuff will take care of itself,” Mack said. “You have agents and all those people to worry about that stuff for you . . . the focus comes down to winning ballgames and grinding with your teammates and your brothers because you've got to approach this season like it's your last.”
Ariana Grande's new interview in The Fader confirms some of the collaborations on her forthcoming album Sweetener. We already knew the album, produced with Max Martin and Pharrell as well as longtime collaborator Tommy Brown, featured Nicki Minaj on the Pharrell-helmed song “The Light Is Coming,” but The Fader profile reveals that Missy Elliott will appear on a track called “Borderline. From Fader:
On “Borderline,” another Pharrell production, Missy Elliott makes a guest appearance, an experience that Ariana has been aiming for since she was crazy young, dancing in her room to Missy's music, and studying her music videos directed by Dave Meyers, who ended up directing the clip for “No Tears Left To Cry.”
Sweetener is confirmed to be released some time in July, and Ariana has already teased several songs on Fallon. Troye Sivan also confirmed recently that Ariana Grande will be on his own album Bloom, out at the end of August. Read the full Fader profile here.
UNION GROVE, Wis. (AP) — Three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event on Sunday, a Wisconsin sheriff said.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 p.m. after receiving reports about shots being fired.
The three men were shot by another man at point-blank range near a food vendor, Beth said at a news conference Sunday night. No suspects were arrested and no one else was injured.
“They have no idea what happened, what caused this,” the sheriff said after getting a statement from friends of the victims.
Two of the men died at the scene, and the third died while being transported to a hospital. Beth said at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as “Larry's Fun Fest.” The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles south of Milwaukee.
The Lady Wolves Volleyball Team picked up a district win over Eunice High during a Thursday afternoon contest, 25-6, 25-7, 27-25).
Kendal Edmond and Savanna LaCombe shared top kills on the day with seven each. Edmond also collected a block while LaCombe recorded two aces and two digs.
Kennedie Bourgeois had five kills during the win, while teammates Tiesha Young, Hannah McKenzie and Taylor Thevis struck with three kills each.
Young also added six assists, five aces and three digs. McKenzie had two assists while Thevis put up three blocks.
Finishing off net play were Destini Carrier, Emma Pastor and Lindsey Batten each with a kill, while Carrier and Batten each recorded six assists.
Trinity Axtell led digs with eight.
During Rayne's district contest against Crowley High earlier in the week, the Lady Wolves fell to the Crowley Ladies in four sets, 15-25, 18-25, 26-16, 23-25).
In the tight contest, Emma Pastor and Kennedie Bourgeois each donated five kills to led net play. Bourgeois also had an ace and dig, while Pastor also recorded two digs.
Adding two kills apiece were Destini Carrier, Savanna LaCombe, Tiesha Young, Peyton Richard and Taylor Thevis.
Young and Carrieralso ran the offense with four assists each.
The Lady Wolves were scheduled to meet Iota High on Tueaday, followed by a home contest Wednesday against Church Point.
The Lady Wolves are presently at 2-1 in district play and all tied up at 10-10 in season action.
Rayne will continue district play next week on Tuesday (Oct. 10) at Northwest and a home matchup against intra-parish rival Crowley High on Thursday (Oct. 12) at Rayne High School.
OTTAWA — Global Affairs says Canada is adding more Venezuelans to its sanctions list.
Another 14 individuals have been added to the list of people who Canada says are among those responsible for the deterioration of democracy in that country under the regime of Nicola Maduro.
The sanctions essentially prohibit Canadians from doing business with people or entities on the list.
It's the latest in a series of Canadian moves against the Maduro government.
Earlier this month, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland dismissed the latest elections in Venezuela as illegitimate and anti-democratic.
On Tuesday, a three-member panel of experts, including Canadian Irwin Cotler, told the Organization of American States that officials in Maduro's administration have committed crimes against humanity.
Canada has already limited diplomatic contacts with Venezuela and told its representatives to avoid international or multilateral meetings and events hosted by or in Venezuela.
Freeland said the latest sanctions underline Canada's commitment to democracy and its rejection of the “fraudulent” presidential elections.
“Canada is as determined as ever to support the people of Venezuela as they seek a more peaceful, democratic and prosperous future,” she said in a statement.
Under Maduro, the Venezuelan economy has all but collapsed, inflation is running wild and hundreds of thousands of people have fled the country.
Two of the most important men for the Nets' summer live in Moscow, and general manager Sean Marks is flying to see them both this week: team owner Mikhail Prokhorov and top target Milos Teodosic.
Marks and Nets coach Kenny Atkinson head to ONEXIM headquarters to meet with Prokhorov, then they will scout free-agent priority Teodosic, whom one expert called the best passer in the world.
“We're heading over to meet with Mikhail this week, so we'll sit down with him and give him the plan and discuss things with him,” Marks said. “We've had an open dialogue really throughout the course of the season. It's been terrific. Mikhail has been back and forth here a number of times, so now we're going to fly over there and sit with him and meet with him.”
But there's more to this trip than face time with the boss.
“There will be the occasional scout,” Marks said. “We don't go all that way to just sit around, but we will enjoy our time with Mikhail.”
The most important of those occasional scouts likely will be Teodosic.
Teodosic will be an unrestricted free agent this summer and is exploring the possibility of heading to the NBA. The Nuggets are interested in the 30-year-old, and ESPN analyst Fran Franchilla said he believes the Jazz might be a fit because of a close relationship between Teodosic and coach Quin Snyder.
“At his age, his stature, he's going to look for a fit where someone gives him the ball, looks past his deficiencies and lets him play as what he is: one of the premier pick-and-roll players in world,” Fraschilla said. “I could see him in Kenny's system. [Atkinson] understands the Euro game, pacing, spacing.
“Offensively, he's the best passer in the world, from a purely offensive standpoint. Chris Paul is a Hall of Famer, but as far as a pure passer, [Teodosic] might be the most creative passer in the world today. Now, he will not guard a chair, but he's a brilliant offensive player and an ultra-competitor.”
The Nets' interest in the Serbian star is well-documented.
“Look, he's a terrific player, there is no question on that,” Marks said. “But there are a lot of guys out there. Last time I was in Europe, I probably saw eight different teams. [Assistant general manager] Trajan Langdon was out there, he's heading out again, and he's going to see another 10 different teams. So we're looking at a bunch of different players. It'd probably be pretty irresponsible of me to say we got one guy in mind.
“That is not how we are going to do it. It's important that Kenny and the coaching staff, these guys will have a voice in the free agents as well. It is one thing for us to say, ‘Here's the team,' but these guys have to coach and develop them. So we're very intrigued to see what Kenny and his staff and the player development, what they have to say on whatever free agent or draft guy that we bring in.”
Now, Atkinson will see Teodosic play Baskonia in the opening round of the EuroLeague playoffs. They aren't expected to make it to Tuesday's game but should be able to attend Thursday.
