The only chance people have of surviving a fire in their home is early detection.
Having an escape plan also increases the odds, said Welland Fire and Emergency Services chief Brian Kennedy.
“It's the season to be careful. Every year it seems there's a fire with catastrophic results for families. We want to avoid that throughout the year, particularly during the Christmas season,” the chief said.
He said the top two causes of fires during the holiday season are smoking and cooking.
Smoking accounts for 30 per cent of all home fire deaths during the holidays, and for 1 in 10 fire injuries. Cooking fires account for 19 per cent of all homes fires, and 27 per cent of injuries, according to information from the Office of the Fire Marshal.
Kennedy said a fire on McAlpine Avenue in mid-November that sent one man to hospital with serious injuries was caused by unattended cooking.
“If the resident had gone to bed and fallen asleep, we'd have a totally different end result to that fire.”
Firefighters found there was a non-functional smoke alarm in the home, and at the time Kennedy said charges were pending against the homeowner.
He said if people are cooking, they should stay in the kitchen while doing so and make sure they have properly-fitted lids for whatever they are using. He said in the event of a grease fire, the best thing to do is cover up the pot or pan you are using. Trying to carry a pot or pan could lead to spreading the fire, getting burned or inhaling potentially toxic smoke.
As for the McAlpine Avenue resident not having a functional smoke alarm in his home, Kennedy said at least 50 per cent of the homes the fire service has been in across Welland don't have working smoke alarms or carbon monoxide detectors.
“How many people have to die before people start to put smoke alarms in?” he said.
Kennedy said Port Colborne Fire and Emergency Services chief Tom Cartwright launched an aggressive smoke alarm campaign following a fatal house fire in December of last year.
“They got into a lot of homes and it did a lot of good. Hopefully, it will see some changes in that community. We want to get that same message out to our people.”
The chief said at a minimum, people should check their smoke and carbon monoxide detectors and change the batteries at least once a year.
“Make sure you have the things you need in your home to protect your family. It doesn't cost a lot of money to protect you and your family. It's amazing how many people fluff it off and think, ‘It'll never happen to me,' and then it does happen to them,” said Kennedy.
Welland firefighters do inspect homes every year and have targeted neighbourhoods in the past.
“After a fire, we'll target that area and it's worked out very well. It's increased our ability to get into homes and talk to residents. We talk about fire escape planning and the requirements for smoke and carbon monoxide detectors.”
Smoke alarms are mandatory on every storey of a home and outside all sleeping areas, and any residence with a fuel-fired appliance requires a carbon monoxide alarm outside all sleeping areas or if there is an attached garage. Carbon monoxide alarm are mandatory in all new builds in the province, as well.
Kennedy said the fire service had a call this past Friday where residents heard a strange beeping in their home and called 911. Once on scene, firefighters found there were no working smoke or carbon monoxide detectors.
“It's a culture change we're looking for here. When seatbelts came in it took a long time for people to transition to wearing them. Smoke alarms are no different.”
Residents can have the fire service come check on their smoke and carbon monoxide detectors if they think there is a problem by calling 911 or the business line and asking for the platoon chief.
“If people have nothing, we'll install them,” he said, adding the fire service can lay charges for lack of compliance if needed.
Kennedy said it's frustrating for the firefighters and fire service to see that lack of compliance so high in Welland.
And with fires burning hotter and quicker these days due to building construction and furniture inside homes, it's more important to have working detectors and a fire escape plan, the chief said.
With the holiday season upon us, he said it's also important people make sure they keep natural Christmas trees well-watered and away from any potential ignition sources and not to overload electrical circuits with too many lights. Space heaters, he said, should also be kept away potential ignition sources.
With smoking being a leading cause of fires at this time of year as well, Kennedy said people should have guests smoke outside of homes and if anyone is smoking inside, check the furniture because cigarette butts can smolder for hours.
Russell Westbrook and Paul George are beginning the process of building chemistry on the court as the new duo had their first workout as Oklahoma City Thunder teammates on Monday in Los Angeles, sources told ESPN.com.
At a gym on campus at UCLA, George and Westbrook went through drills and conditioning together, along with a few Thunder players, including Jerami Grant, Kyle Singler, Semaj Christon and Doug McDermott.
This was the second workout this summer organized by Westbrook, though George was unable to attend the first, as he was in Europe on a pre-planned vacation.
Before becoming teammates with a blockbuster trade hours before free agency opened, George and Westbrook were said to be only casual acquaintances primarily as opponents and teammates for USA Basketball. After the trade, Westbrook and George spoke on the phone the night it happened, then spent time together in person for a few hours the day before George was officially introduced in Oklahoma City.
Most of the front office and coaching staff was in Los Angeles on Sunday, including general manager Sam Presti and coach Billy Donovan, for George's celebrity fishing tournament. Westbrook was also at the event showing support for his new teammate.
HELSINKI (AP) — A Swedish think tank says South Korea's arms sales hit record levels last year, pushed by the continuous military threat from North Korea, complicated relations with China and a government decision to increase domestic arms production.
The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, or SIPRI, said Monday that arms sales by South Korean companies in 2016 stood at $8.4 billion, up 21 percent from the previous year.
SIPRI researcher Aude Fleurant said Seoul has been developing its own arms production since the 1970s to reduce dependency on foreign suppliers because of "threat perception in the region," and the results are now being seen.
The report said said the world's 100 biggest armaments groups sold weapons and weapons systems worth $375 billion in 2016, up 2 percent from 2015.
DALLAS & SHANGHAI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Celanese Corporation (NYSE: CE), a global technology and specialty materials company, will showcase its broad engineered materials product portfolio at Chinaplas 2018, Asia's largest plastics trade fair, held in Shanghai April 24-27 at the National Exhibition and Convention Center.
“With more than 50 years of technical and manufacturing expertise, Celanese is a trusted development partner and first-choice solution source globally, with one of the world's broadest thermoplastics portfolios on the market,” said Mark Oberle, senior vice president, Europe and Asia. “Expanding through recent acquisitions and polymer innovations, Celanese has further strengthened its leadership position in the engineered materials market to become a global elastomers and nylon compounding provider as well.”
At Chinaplas, Celanese will present four new polymer innovations at its stand in Hall 7.2 Booth #D35 to further demonstrate the Art of Material Selection. The four new polymer innovations will include:
Low-Emission Hostaform® XLE POM: offers more than 100 times reduction in formaldehyde emissions over standard POM (acetal copolymer) and allows parts suppliers and original equipment manufacturers to meet strict formaldehyde-emission guidelines, such as GB/T 27630, for automotive interior components. Low-Odor Celstran® XLE LFRT: provides superior odor and VOC emission performance and allows for the use of long-fiber enhanced thermoplastics in large automotive parts without significantly increasing overall odor or VOC levels of vehicle interiors. Celapex™ ultra high flow PEEK: addresses injection molding processing issues typically associated with PEEK. The Celanese solution enables molding of thin wall, intricate parts and long flow length components at lower injection pressure and lower melt temperature and enhances part making productivity at lower conversion cost as well as simplifies mold design. Zenite® SEA Series: improves high-end compact camera modules in portable devices with less particle, good dimensional stability and mechanical properties enabling thin wall design, molding consistency and productivity.
While at Chinaplas, Celanese will provide customers with insight into its solution-centric customer approach with the main focus at the booth on the Celanese “Innovation Station” which highlights three key areas: Innovative Polymers, Innovative Solutions and Innovative Services. Key customer themes will include Automotive Engineering, Enabling Electrification, Structural Lightweighting, Low Emissions, Appearance Harmony, Future Connectivity, Smart Home, and Green Life.
“As customer needs to diversify, Celanese is well positioned within China -- as well as the greater Asia region -- to meet the demanding technical requirements of consumer and industrial customers,” said Kevin Wu, vice president and managing director, Greater China and Korea. “The need for our customers to rapidly develop products for their customer base is ever increasing; and that's why partnering with Celanese can provide a competitive advantage when bringing new and innovative products and applications to market.”
For more information, visit the Celanese Chinaplas stand in Hall 7.2 Booth #D35 or go to https://celanese.com/Tradeshows/2018/chinaplas-2018.aspx.
About Celanese
Celanese Corporation is a global technology leader in the production of differentiated chemistry solutions and specialty materials used in most major industries and consumer applications. Our businesses use the full breadth of Celanese's global chemistry, technology and commercial expertise to create value for our customers, employees, shareholders and the corporation. As we partner with our customers to solve their most critical business needs, we strive to make a positive impact on our communities and the world through The Celanese Foundation. Based in Dallas, Celanese employs approximately 7,700 employees worldwide and had 2017 net sales of $6.1 billion. For more information about Celanese Corporation and its product offerings, visit www.celanese.com or our blog at www.celaneseblog.com .
All registered trademarks are owned by Celanese International Corporation or its affiliates.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006252/en/
CONTACT: Celanese
Investor Relations:
Surabhi Varshney, +1 972-443-3078
surabhi.varshney@celanese.com
or
Media Relations – Global:
W. Travis Jacobsen, +1 972-443-3750
william.jacobsen@celanese.com
or
Media Relations Asia (Shanghai):
Helen Zhang, +86 21 3861 9279
lan.zhang@celanese.com
or
Media Relations Europe (Germany):
Jens Kurth, +49(0)69 45009 1574
j.kurth@celanese.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CHINA TEXAS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS
SOURCE: Celanese Corporation
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 06:00 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 06:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006252/en
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — First came the ping of bats, a familiar sound of the leafy neighborhood's morning. Then the crack of gunfire, which isn't.
It started with a single pop, which for a split second was not alarming to the Republican members of Congress who had gathered for a final practice before a charity baseball game with Democrats this week. As one lawmaker would later note, it could have been a car backfiring.
Then, after a pause, the gunshots came in quick succession and the horror unfolded in the Del Ray neighborhood of Alexandria, home to many federal workers, lawyers and lobbyists who commute across the river to Washington.
A congressman, two Capitol police officers, a lobbyist and a legislative aide were wounded as lawmakers, some fighting back tears, sought to understand what had happened and why. In a hail of bullets, police killed the gunman.
"You never expect a baseball field in America to feel like being back in a combat zone in Iraq," said Ohio Rep. Brad Wenstrup, an Army reservist who served as a combat surgeon in Iraq and was on the field Wednesday when the shooting began. "But this morning it did."
They had gathered on this muggy morning, trading suits and ties for sneakers and baseball caps, to practice for Thursday's annual left-right match-up, a friendly Democratic-Republican rivalry for charity in a capital otherwise poisonous in its partisanship. Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks had bicycled nine miles to make the 6:30 a.m. start.
The baseball park, home to the T.C. Williams High School Titans, sits in a lively part of Alexandria. On weekdays, locals head off to work and school. People come and go at the nearby YMCA. Homeowners stroll the sidewalks, walking their dogs.
So it hardly seemed unusual when a man approached Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina in the baseball field parking lot.
His question was pointed: "'Excuse me sir, who's practicing today? Democrats or Republicans?'" Duncan recalled. "And I said it's the Republican team. He said, 'OK, thanks' and turned around." Duncan then left, saying later, "It was the guy they've identified as the shooter."
Rep. Steve Pearce of New Mexico was taking swings in the batting cage along the first base side when he noticed a bystander near the third base dugout. Within seconds, as Pearce left the batting cage and headed toward the dugout, the shooting started. "I saw the shooter clearly with his rifle, aimed and shooting around one corner of a building," he said in a video statement.
Chaos ensued. Lawmakers dove for cover. Gravel bounced as shots hit the ground.
From inside Swing's coffee shop directly across from the field, manager Jon "Scott" Mosel described the popping of gunfire. "Then a wave of players frantically running. It was absolutely frantic. We didn't know if they were being chased." The players ran from the first base side of the field across a basketball court and either jumped a fence into a nearby dog park or ran up the hill and crossed the street toward the coffee shop, he said.
Brooks hit the ground with a few others behind the batting cage, but quickly realized that didn't provide much cover. The gunman wasn't spraying bullets but rather taking aim, so there was a "little bit of time between shots."
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, the third-ranking Republican in the House, was fielding balls on second base when a gunshot crumpled him, Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake said. The 51-year-old Scalise, serving his fifth congressional term, dragged himself 10 to 15 yards into the outfield to try to get away, Flake said, leaving a bloody trail.
Marty LaVor, a retired Capitol Hill worker, was taking pictures by first base when he saw a man holding a rifle behind a chain-link fence by third base. LaVor saw Scalise go down, then a Capitol police officer.
"Almost within an instant, and I don't remember the time, somebody saidm 'Get in the dugout.' And they said it with such authority. You remember when you were a kid, and your parents said something? This was that sound."
LaVor got in the dugout.
The 911 call went out at 7:09 a.m. To those in the line of fire, it seemed an eternity before city police arrived, but in reality it took just three minutes. Brooks said the Capitol officers were armed only with pistols, and "taking on a guy with a rifle from 90-120 feet away. It wasn't a fair fight."
When Capitol police began firing, Brooks said, they were so close that he initially feared a second shooter was involved. Congress members helped apply a tourniquet to the injured leg of Zachary Barth, legislative correspondent for Rep. Roger Williams of Texas, as the shooting continued. Scalise, too, was attended to by his colleagues on the field.
Katie Filous, an attorney who was walking her dogs near the field, dropped to the ground when she heard "a lot of shots." A uniformed officer got out of a car, drew a handgun and shouted something to the assailant, she said. She saw the officer get hit with a bullet, and later evacuated by helicopter.
Three hours after the attack, Brooks still wore a batting glove, with dirt from lying face first in the dugout still smeared across his navy blue T-shirt, as he and other lawmakers at the scene described the attack to the AP.
Falisa Peoples, who teaches an exercise class at the YMCA, was walking to her car when she saw a man in shorts and a T-shirt firing. She thought, at first, it was a drill or a paintball game.
"He was very calm," she said. "He was just walking and shooting as if it was just like he was practicing." She recalled no other noise until she heard a police officer command, "Get down!" Peoples dropped her belongings and ran back to the Y, banging on the side door until someone let her in.
Rep. Chuck Fleischmann of Tennessee passed the shooter on his way into the dugout to hide. "He decided not to shoot me," he would later tell CNN. "The fear factor was horrific. There was blood all over, it was horrible." He said if the gunman had come after them in the dugout, "we would have been sitting ducks."
It was over in a matter of minutes. Members of Congress credited the Capitol police officers with shooting the gunman, though authorities did not immediately confirm who shot him. He died in the hospital.
Scalise underwent surgery for a wound to the hip, and was in critical condition. Matt Mika, the lobbyist and a former congressional aide, was also in critical condition, with multiple wounds. Special Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner of the U.S. Capitol Police, as well as Barth, were expected to recover fully.
The attacker was identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders said on the Senate floor that Hodgkinson apparently was a volunteer for his campaign last year. Police are investigating the attacker's motive, his associates and his social media posts.
Hours later, surrounded by crime scene tape, the field was still set for batting practice. A mobile backstop curved behind home plate, near metal bats. A crate full of baseballs sat near the pitcher's mound, and balls were scattered on the field among medical bags and supplies. Behind first base, next to a large medical bag, sat a single baseball shoe.
Off the field on the first base side, a medical gurney.
___
Associated Press writers Chad Day, Matthew Barakat, Kevin Freking, Michael Biesecker, Ben Finley and Erica Werner contributed to this report. Woodward reported from Washington.
U.S. consumer prices rose in January at the fastest pace in nearly four years, strengthening the case for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates this year.
The Labor Department says consumer prices rose 0.6 percent last month, most since February 2013. A 7.8 percent jump in gasoline prices accounted for almost half the increase. Stripping out volatile food and energy prices, consumer inflation rose 0.3 percent.
Overall, consumer prices rose 2.5 percent from a year earlier, most since March 2012.
After remaining low following the 2007-2009 Great Recession, inflation is running above the Fed's 2 percent annual target.
The Fed left a key interest rate unchanged at its Jan. 31-Feb. 1 meeting. It said it needs more time to monitor the economy but still expects to raise rates gradually.
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (CBSNewYork/AP) — Jermaine Kearse was far from pleased last week when he heard the details of the NFL's new policy on the national anthem.
The veteran wide receiver and his New York Jets teammates couldn't be happier, though, to have the full support of acting owner Christopher Johnson.
“For me personally, I'm very appreciative of him,” Kearse said after practice Tuesday. “I think he kind of gets it.”
NFL owners voted last Wednesday to require players to stand for the anthem or stay in the locker room. Teams will be fined if players don't stand. Some players have been kneeling during the playing of “The Star-Spangled Banner” before games the last two seasons to protest police brutality and racial inequality.
“Honestly, I'm disappointed,” Kearse said. “I think they're kind of missing the point. For us as a team, I think if you've paid attention, nobody on our team kneeled, but that doesn't mean we don't support the causes of why people are kneeling.”
Johnson said shortly after the league announced the policy that he will not punish his players for any peaceful protests — and would pay any potential fines incurred by the team as a result of his players' actions.
“To me, honestly, the conversation about whether players are kneeling or not, I felt like that conversation was dying and it didn't get brought up until they decided to make the rules,” Kearse said. “So, I think we're kind of getting away from the actual cause. I think we're starting to focus on the kneeling part rather than the cause behind it.
“I wish they would be more like Chris, to be quite honest, and support the players and actively be involved and have those conversations with their players.”
Added coach Todd Bowles: “It's always nice to have the owner have your back. It's about the issues for us. We didn't have a problem a year ago. We'll continue to talk as a group, as a team and as an organization, and go forward from there.”
Left tackle Kelvin Beachum echoed Kearse's sentiments about the NFL's new policy. Beachum and quarterback Josh McCown are part of the Players Coalition, an advocacy group of NFL players that has had discussions with league owners on social matters.
“It is disappointing, but it is what it is at this point,” Beachum said. “We've been talking about this issue for a number of years and the league finally made a decision. We're going to still continue to do the work. Our owner supports us in doing that work and he's with us as we're doing that work. So we're not going to keep talking this game and keep talking about the anthem. We're actually going to do something about it and go find a solution.”
MORE: Report: Jets Chairman Chris Johnson Says He'll Pay Any League Anthem-Related Fines
Johnson met with the entire team last week and explained to the players why he voted in favor of the new NFL rule — only San Francisco's Jed York abstained — while also assuring them they would not be punished by the team if they did not adhere to the league's policy.
“He's very supportive of us,” Kearse said. “I mean, whether guys choose to or not, he supports our decision — their decision — but like I said, nobody last year kneeled. The fact that he'll support us any way he can is a very gratifying feeling.”
Johnson took over the day-to-day operations of the team last June from his brother Woody, who is serving as the U.S. ambassador to the United Kingdom in President Donald Trump's administration. Trump frequently has been critical of players who have protested during the anthem, so it would appear a tough spot for the younger Johnson while balancing business, politics and family.
But Christopher Johnson immediately earned his players' respect last year when he went up to each one in the Jets' locker room before the team's home opener against Miami in September and asked if he could stand with them in unity.
MORE: Backlash Builds Over New York Jets' Response To NFL Anthem Policy
Johnson, the players and the coaches stood — arms locked — on the sideline before every remaining game. Several players pointed to the owner's actions as playing a large role in establishing cohesiveness on a team that stuck together despite a 5-11 record.
But Johnson's latest stance has become a polarizing issue with some Jets fans and even politicians saying the owner's support of a player potentially protesting during the anthem is misguided.
“It's great that he stuck his neck out there,” linebacker Darron Lee said, “because I know a lot of people feel passionate about that.”
New York Rep. Pete King wrote on Twitter on Saturday that it was “disgraceful” that Johnson would pay fines for players who would kneel during the anthem. King added that Johnson's decision was “encouraging a movement premised on lies vs. police.”
“Would he support all player protests?” King continued. “Would he pay fines of players giving Nazi salutes or spew racism? It's time to say goodbye to Jets!”
The Jets have not decided what they will do this year during the national anthem, but Lee said if he had to take “an educated guess,” he thinks the team will lock arms again. Beachum and Kearse stressed that unity is the top priority with the Jets.
“I think it's very important that no matter what we do, that we do it together,” Kearse said. “We're a locker room with different personalities, different thoughts, so not everybody thinks the same. Whatever we choose to do, if we can do it collectively, that would mean a lot more than individually.”
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
With stories of widespread hackings and websites selling your data, we all want to know how to keep our digital lives private and secure. One easy way is to use a VPN -- or virtual private network -- on your computer and smartphone.But, how do you know which one is right for you? In a partnership with Consumer Reports, 7 On Your Side's Michael Finney offers some guidelines.When Sara and Corey Meyer launched their chocolate company, Little Bird Kitchen, they knew they would have to travel all over the country to help it take wing. "In order to stay connected to our inventory, we needed a way to do it securely and we needed a VPN," said Sara Meyer, Owner of Little Bird Kitchen.Think of it as the server in the middle. In order for data to travel between your computer and another server, like a website, app, or the cloud, it has to pass through the VPN first, making your digital footprint harder to follow. "Most good VPNs also will have encryption," said Bree Fowler, Consumer Reports Tech Editor. "That will secure your data going back and forth."And it is not just for businesses. Fowler says anyone who uses public WiFi like at a coffee shop or airport would be wise to use a VPN.Choosing a service can be complicated. Sara Meyer's first two tries soured quickly. "We had to keep logging in, and it was so frustrating being in Ohio in a hotel room, and trying to get into our inventory system and we couldn't," she said.Her current VPN allows her to log-in with one click. "If you have to add in codes or put in a password, it may not get used, and a VPN that isn't used is not going to protect you," Fowler said.Another thing to look for is whether the company keeps a log of your activity."Some VPNs make no bones about the fact that they are collecting and selling your data, which is kind of antithetical to the idea of a VPN in the first place," Fowler adds. This is more common among free VPN's, but if you're willing to pay for privacy, a typical service for consumers will run you about five to ten bucks a month. Businesses will likely pay more.But Meyer says, the peace of mind really sweetens the deal. "I can be sitting anywhere where there is WiFi, and know that we are protected," she said.And this is not just for people who use public WiFi. Consumer Reports says you can also use it in your own home, so that your internet service provider cannot keep track of what you are looking at or shopping for because they can collect your data, too.
Enjoy a journey through the history of upholstery in the UK by visiting the latest exhibition at the National Centre for Craft and Design (NCCD) in Sleaford.
Second Sitters present Upholstery: Evolution to Revolution, at the NCCD, in Navigation Wharf, until Sunday, April 15.
A spokesman from the NCCD said: The show maps the changes within upholstery since it was formalised as a ‘trade' almost 700 years ago and includes techniques, materials and upholsterers stories.
Works in the exhibition include furniture, photography and film.
Featured upholsters include Jude Dennis, Hannah Stanton, Polly Granville, Miss Pokeno, Electra Read-Dagg, Mick Sheridan and Guerilla Upholsterer to name a few.
Workshops and sessions will be taking place at the NCCD alongside the latest exhibition.
These include a half-term family workshop, drawing classes, a footstool upholstery masterclass, chair caning and much more for visitors and art lovers to enjoy.
For more information, or to book your place at a workshop visit www.nccd.org.uk or call 01529 308710.
The exhibition is supported using public funding by the National Lottery, through Arts Council England.
Microsoft's .Net Core 2.0, an upgrade to the company's open source, cross-platform implementation of .Net, is becoming available today. The new release includes improvements intended to make .Net Core easier to use. It also conforms to the .Net Standard 2.0 specification designed to facilitate code sharing among .Net Framework, .Net Core, and Xamarin.
The .Net Core framework can be used to build web applications and services that run on Windows, macOS, or Linux. Ease of use improvements in .Net Core 2.0 include making the dotnet restore command (used to install project dependencies and other tasks) implicit for commands like run , build , and publish that require it.
Version 2.0 also introduces an opt-in mode providing basic globalization functionality, for localized user interfaces and regional data, across operating systems and languages. The .Net Core 2.0 runtime features profile-guided optimization, used by the C++ compiler to generate faster running code on Windows x86 and Linux x64 platforms. You can download .Net Core at this website.
The .Net Standard specification is an attempt to unify .Net and prevent fragmentation. It provides a specification that every .Net implementation has to support, enabling code-sharing across .Net variants including .Net Framework, .Net Core, Xamarin, Unity, and the Universal Windows Platform (UWP). (Support in UWP is due later this year.) Version 2.0 of the .Net Standard more than doubles the number of available APIs, bringing the total to 32,000. The additions make it easier to port existing code from one .Net implementation to another.
Microsoft is also releasing the 2.0 versions of the ASP.Net Core development framework and the Entity Framework Core object-relational mapper. ASP.Net Core is a framework for cloud-based Internet-connected applications. ASP.Net 2.0 features the Razor Pages user interface design paradigm, which is geared to make coding of page-focused apps easier, along with built-in templates for the Angular and React JavaScript development tools. Entity Framework Core 2.0, meanwhile, improves LINQ (Language Integrated Query) translation with more efficient queries.
Finally, today Microsoft is also releasing updates to Visual Studio 2017 (version 15.3) and Visual Studio for Mac (version 7.1) to allow developers to work with .Net Core 2.0. Both new versions of the IDEs are being released today as well. Visual Studio Code also works with .Net Core 2.0.
Uproxx
The food community was shaken on Monday morning when one of the world's biggest celebrity chefs joined the growing list of powerful men accused of sexual harassment and assault. Mario Batali — major tv personality and restaurateur — was accused by four women of sexual misconduct. As with any of these high profile media revelations, Batali's colleagues are expected to respond publicly and swiftly to his conduct. And in light of these allegations, his peers have been reacting on Twitter.
The lead upstarted Sunday night with Anthony Bourdain hinting that news about a well known chef was about to rock the community. After Queens of the Stone Age frontman Josh Homme apologized for kicking a reporter in the head during a concert, Bourdain shared his disgust and warned fans that, “.. and Monday, I'm afraid, isn't going to get any better.”
..and Monday, I'm afraid, isn't going to get any better . — Anthony Bourdain (@Bourdain) December 11, 2017
“No, trust me,” he continued. “Monday is really gonna suck.”
No. Trust me. Monday is really gonna suck . — Anthony Bourdain (@Bourdain) December 11, 2017
When the news broke about the famous chef allegedly groping multiple women, Bourdain released the thoughts that he had apparently been sitting on for quite awhile.
More Related Stories
Women's Weekly | Dapur With Love Limau Nipis Bundt Cake recipe courtesy of Root Cellar KL INGREDIENTS 260g sugar 170g butter 4 limau nipis (key limes), zest and juice 3...
Women's Weekly Nutella Cheesecake recipe courtesy of One Serambi Cafe INGREDIENTS 450g cream cheese 180g sugar 5 eggs 250g heavy cream BASE...
Jelita | Fashion & Beauty JELITA BAK DEWI PUJAAN Tampil cantik dan memukau di Hari Raya dengan seleksi item solekan daripada History Of Whoo
Her World | Fashion & Beauty The Ultimate Luxury Skincare Regime Pamper your skin with the Swiss line Cell Shock Luxe-Lift Creams and Overnight Balm – bespoke skincare that provides for...
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple is cooperating with U.S. government inquiries into its secret slowdown of older iPhones, further complicating its efforts to move past an issue that irked customers whose devices bogged down.
The company acknowledged the probes after both The Wall Street Journal and Bloomberg had reported the U.S. Justice Department and Securities and Exchange Commission were investigating how investors have been affected by Apple's handling of the situation.
A software update released in 2016 began to slow down older iPhones when their batteries weakened to prevent them from abruptly turning off, but Apple didn't fully disclose what it was doing until December.
Apple has since apologized for not being more forthcoming and is replacing batteries on older iPhones for $29, a $50 discount.
Hutto's most notable accomplishments included leading the Regional Council through management change, overseeing major reform to the way city and county mayors work together, and better positioning Wilson County and other local governments for improved access to grant funds for infrastructure and social services.
In 2016, with the retirement of the Regional Council's longtime executive director, Hutto ensured staff had the resources necessary to provide uninterrupted service to its members and clients. While the search for a new executive director was underway, he worked closely with the organization's senior staff to provide guidance and stability throughout the transition.
“Mayor Hutto served during a time of significant change, and his leadership provided a platform for the organization to evolve,” said Franklin Mayor Ken Moore, current president of the Regional Council. “We are now poised to better support our members, which will strengthen the communities we serve.”
During his tenure as president, Hutto established a framework to evaluate the collaborative environment among jurisdictions across Middle Tennessee. Throughout the effort, a committee of mayors and county executives worked together to research best practices, and organizational structures to better align regional decision making. After 12 months, the committee recommended the integration of the region's transportation planning agency, the Nashville Area MPO, into the Greater Nashville Regional Council, which led to the formation of the state's first Council of Governments.
Additionally, Hutto completed his chairmanship of the Regional Council's transportation policy board in January. In the role, he oversaw the adoption of its four-year transportation improvement program, which allocates funding for all regionally significant and federally funded transportation projects and programs. The TIP programs more than $1 billion in transportation investments are planned across Davidson, Maury, Sumner, Robertson, Rutherford, Williamson and Wilson counties.
“I want to thank Mayor Hutto, on behalf of the entire board, for his leadership,” said current transportation policy board chair and Smyrna Mayor Mary Esther Reed. “By working to improve how Middle Tennessee coordinates planning efforts, our future investments will have a greater impact.”
Through the programs of the Greater Nashville Regional Council, Wilson County has leveraged more than $105 million in private investment through the FastTracks grant opportunity, which led to the creation of about 400 new jobs last year alone.
The Greater Nashville Regional Council is a regional planning and economic development agency. Its membership includes city and county governments across 13 counties in Middle Tennessee. The Regional Council administers a variety of state and federal grants programs on behalf of local governments and offers economic and community development services, policy and planning assistance and aging and disability counseling to its member communities. For more information, visit gnrc.org.
The American Society of Cinematographers (ASC) has announced that they are expanding their presence in the Asia Pacific region with the launch of an International Masterclass in Beijing and the availability of the organization's magazine, American Cinematographer, in Chinese.
In collaboration with 107CINE.com, the first Chinese edition of American Cinematographer magazine was posted online April 1, featuring translated articles from the March 2017 print issue. The next edition will contain select articles from both the April and May issues of the magazine. 107CINE reports that the Chinese filmmaking community has responded with great enthusiasm; within the first 10 days, nearly 2,500 website visitors signed up to read the publication.
Concurrently with the premiere copy of the Chinese edition of the magazine, the organization is holding its first ASC Masterclasses in Beijing. Running April 10-13 and April 16-19 in partnership with ARRI, the classes are being led by ASC member instructors, including Bill Bennett, Karl-Walter Lindenlaub, Fred Elmes, Theo van de Sande, Steven Fierberg and Sam Nicholson. They will also present two forums with the Beijing Film Academy and the Beijing International Film Festival.
The ASC Masterclasses build on the organization's mission to educate the next generation of filmmakers. Classes include instruction on a variety of topics such as lighting, shooting for live action, animation and visual effects, and color grading. The next Masterclass will be held in Los Angeles at the historic ASC Clubhouse in May.
ASC President Kees van Oostrum said, “Over the past years, the ASC has increased its global outreach. This mission began in earnest with our first International Cinematographers Summit in 2011 and has continued to grow significantly as evidenced by our increased participation at Camerimage, IMAGO, and the second ASC International Summit, which we hosted in Los Angeles this past June. We have also seen members travel to Dubai, Qatar, Munich, Amsterdam and Toronto in the past six months as representatives of the ASC. I am excited to announce that we are now extending that global outreach to China.”
For more information, visit www.theasc.com.
To read the Chinese issue of American Cinematographer, visit https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B4l_Tu2kQOTDRVFVOFR0YlJ3ckU/view
States are moving forward with new initiatives to help workers save for retirement, even as the Republican-led Congress tries to block rules making it easier for them to do so.
Studies show a sharp divide in retirement savings between those who have employer-sponsored plans and those who do not. The state programs are designed to fill in the gap.
Dozens of small business owners recently gathered in Schaumburg, Illinois, to learn about the new state-sponsored retirement savings initiative, "Secure Choice IRA." Officials said it could help about 1.2 million workers who don't have access to an employer-sponsored retirement plan.
"It's clear there's a retirement crisis," Illinois Treasurer Michael W. Frerichs told the small business owners. "This is a problem not only for the families but for all of us."
Seven states — California, Connecticut, New Jersey, Maryland, Oregon and Washington, in addition to Illinois — are in various stages of implementing state-sponsored retirement savings plans.
California's plan will automatically enroll about 6.8 million employees. Employees can opt out of the plan and employers are not required to match contributions. Payroll deductions are expected to start in 2018.
The plans with automatic payroll deduction are IRAs and are tax-deductible, which means employees get a tax incentive because they don't pay federal taxes on the money saved for retirement until they're withdrawn.
The states programs were helped along by Labor Department rules governing automatic-enrollment and payroll deductions.
But Congress is moving to block those rules. A House vote is scheduled Wednesday.
"Our nation faces difficult retirement challenges, but more government isn't the solution," Rep. Tim Walberg, R-Mich., the chairman of the House subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor and Pension, said in a statement. "A better way is to reduce costly red tape and make it easier for small businesses to band together to offer retirement plans for their employees."
Walberg said there were concerns that these new retirement plans discouraged small businesses from offering private-sector plans and had inadequate safeguards.
A spokesman for Labor Secretary-nominee Andrew Puzder said it would be "premature" for the fast-food executive to comment on this issue before being confirmed.
At least 30 states have considered proposals to study or establish state-sponsored retirement savings plans over the past five years, according to the Center for Retirement Initiatives at Georgetown University.
The Labor Department estimates that as many as 70 million workers could benefit.
That includes workers like, Otto Deurloo-Willard, 31, a store manager at the Cork & Bottle Shoppe, a liquor store in Oregon. He earns $12.50 an hour, slightly higher than Oregon's minimum wage. He doesn't have a retirement plan at work and said he didn't think about saving until he got engaged.
"I'm at a different point of my life. I'm getting married, and we are planning for a life together," Deurloo-Willard said.
Americans without work-sponsored savings plans are less likely to save for retirement. Research from the nonpartisan research organization Employee Benefit Research Institute shows that 62 percent of employees with an employer-sponsored savings plan had more than $25,000 in savings and 22 percent of those workers saved $100,000. By contrast, about 94 percent of workers without access to those plans had less than $25,000, according to the 2014 study.
Those at the lower end of the income distribution are hit particularly hard, with many relying solely on Social Security when they retire, according to the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College.
"States win when more people are prepared for retirement and financially ready to be self-sufficient, which reduces the need for state spending on elder-support programs," said Gerri Madrid-Davis, AARP Director of State Advocacy and Strategies.
Democratic state Sen. Daniel Biss, who introduced Illinois' program, has called it the "most efficient and least intrusive way" to help people save for retirement while putting little burden on the state's employers.
But Mark Grant, Illinois director of the National Federation of Independent Business, says it adds to a long list of mandates small businesses have to fulfill.
"If a business can afford to do this kind of thing, they would do it for their employees," Grant said.
The plan, passed in 2015, limits participation to small businesses that have been open for more than two years and have at least 25 employees. The state hopes to fully implement it by 2018.
Jennifer Piacenza, operations manager for Palatine Welding Company, said she's excited about Secure Choice but worries that the 35 employees at her family business won't take advantage of it.
"We offered a retirement program to our employees and people didn't participate," Piacenza said. "We couldn't maintain it."
For his part, Deurloo-Willard says automatic retirement deductions from his paycheck are exactly want he needs.
"I've never made enough to save but what I like about this (the savings plan) is that it takes the responsibility of savings out of my hands," Deurloo-Willard said. "I don't have to think about it. It's deducted from my check."
———
EDITOR'S NOTE — Maria Ines Zamudio is studying aging and workforce issues as part of a 10-month fellowship at The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research, which joins NORC's independent research and AP journalism. The fellowship is funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.
It's a new year, and with it comes ill-fated resolutions to eat healthy, poised in direct opposition to reality, which offers up a bounty of one dollar chili cheese coney dogs, Oreo candy bars, Dunkin' Donuts vanilla latte Pop Tarts, sugar cookie flavored Pringles, and new M&M flavors. Goodbye, diet. We hardly knew ye. Never really wanted to anyway. Good riddance, ya frikkin' buzz kill. We have M&M's to snarf.
Confectionery giant Mars is starting the year off right with a Valentine's Day themed limited edition flavor, white cheesecake, which is already on shelves at Walmart, as spotted by Robbie, a reader of The Impulsive Buy:
Valentine's Day candies are popping up on shelves! White Cheesecake M&M's anyone? This was spotted by reader Robbie at Walmart. A photo posted by The Impulsive Buy (@theimpulsivebuy) on Dec 18, 2016 at 4:58pm PST
The new flavor comes in pink and white hues with a cheesecake flavored filling. Let's get fat.
The white cheesecake M&M's will join the ranks of other limited edition flavors like butterbeer, candy corn, pumpkin spice, birthday cake, and pecan pie. White cheesecake M&M's will be available at Walmart until Valentine's Day alongside the permanent M&M flavors chocolate, dark chocolate, peanut, almond, peanut butter, pretzel, crispy, mint, the new long-term addition coffee nut, and a potential new favorite that will be destroying remaining diet resolutions this May: caramel.
(Via The Impulsive Buy & That's Nerdalicious)
NEW YORK (AP) — Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is warning the Trump administration that pulling out from the Iran nuclear deal would undermine talks with North Korea by proving that America reneges on its promises.
He tells The Associated Press that if President Donald Trump withdraws, Iran would "most likely" abandon the deal as well. Zarif says Iran would no longer be bound by the deal's international obligations. That would free up Iran to resume enrichment activity beyond the limits imposed by the 2015 nuclear accord.
In an interview, Zarif says Iran would welcome reduced tensions on the Korean Peninsula. But he says Trump is showing that the U.S. "is not a trustworthy, reliable negotiating partner." Zarif says that makes the U.S. "a rather unlikely partner" for any other global agreements.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Getty Image
Even after canceling a string of recent concerts, including this weekend's KROQ Almost Acoustic Christmas, Morrissey is still finding a way to speak to his audience. After recent quotes from an interview with German publication Der Spiegel went viral, including lines sympathizing with Kevin Spacey and Harvey Weinstein as well as threatening Donald Trump, Morrissey issued a lengthy statement blaming the outlet for the quotes. This comes after a concert where Morrissey told his audience that he wouldn't do print interviews anymore after the incident.
Morrissey rolled back nearly every controversial element contained in the initial story, denying that he would even say such things:
“Would I kill Donald Trump? No, never. Would I support Kevin Spacey's private proclivities? No, never. Would I ever support abuse of children? No, never. Would I support sexual harassment? No, never. Would I support rape? No, never. Would Der Spiegel convey my views fairly? No, never. Would I ever again speak to print media? No, never.”
He then went on to blame print media in general, taking a bit of Trump-esque “fake news” tone to call into question all journalism:
“In the world of music, as with politics, if you show any signs of being able to make a difference, you will be blocked, and you will have your arms tugged out from their sockets. In the same world of music, if you have nothing to say, if your brain is a mental frost and if your pointless songs are the eyes of a dead fish, then your number one position awaits unasked, and your five-star reviews shall keep the press alive. Music is eternity, and the call of 2018 is the time to be new and different. But you must forget the print media who are infatuated with their own reflection and do not want yours. Be eggless and brainless and cloudy and crap, and they'll usher you through like a little bag of dung. Can you hear the wind between each ear?”
The message concludes with Morrissey saying he asked for the audio of the original interview and the publication has refused. While it might be heartening to think that he never said these things in the first place, blaming all print media, especially in a time when the professional work of so many are written off by our own elected leaders, is unfortunate. You can read his full Facebook statement below.
JORDAN-SYRIA BORDER (AP) — The commander of Jordan's border guards says Islamic State extremists are expanding their influence in a sprawling border camp for displaced Syrians, posing a growing threat to the U.S.-allied kingdom.
Brig. Gen. Sami Kafawin spoke to The Associated Press during a tour of the desert area where Jordan, Syria and Iraq meet.
A ride in a military helicopter offered a view of the Rukban camp, an expanse of makeshift shelters housing tens of thousands of Syrians.
Conditions in the camp deteriorated sharply after Jordan sealed its border in June, following a cross-border IS attack that killed seven Jordanian border guards.
Kafawin said on Tuesday that "the (militant) threat is increasing, especially in this area."
He says that nonetheless, Jordan tries to ensure the displaced Syrians get food and medical treatment.
Telstra has confirmed that around 1400 employees are set to lose their jobs.
The telco today briefed its staff on the cuts.
In November, the telco revealed that it was planning to find more than $1 billion in savings to offset the impact of the National Broadband Network on its business.
“Today, we're providing a target of more than $1 billion net reduction in our underlying core fixed costs by FY 21,” chief financial officer Warwick Bray said.
“Because this productivity target is net, it goes directly to offsetting the NBN impact.” The productivity target equated “to a more than two per cent annual reduction in our underlying core fixed costs,” the CFO said.
Telstra has said it expects the NBN to have an ongoing negative impact on EBITDA of $2 to $3 billion annually once migration to the new network is complete.
In a note sent to employees today, Telstra CEO Andrew Penn said that company needed to “transform, urgently”. Telstra faces significant challenges in the face of digital disruption and increased competitive pressures, as well as the impact of the NBN.
“This means we will need to become a leaner organisation, one built on digitised systems and services for customers and employees, and one where we will continue to rely on partners for scale,” the CEO said.
The company is undertaking a restructured across its Operations, Retail, Global Enterprise and Services, and Media & Marketing groups, the CEO wrote.
The changes will see up to 1400 roles cut over the next six months. Roles will be cut from most part of the business and affect staff in all states and territories and all levels of seniority and also affect some overseas roles.
“As a company, we are facing rapidly changing customer expectations, intensified market pressures and increasing competition, disruptive technology changes and shifting industry economics,” Penn wrote.
“This includes things that we have talked about previously – the $2-3 billion EBITDA gaps due to the rollout of the nbn; margins on resale of the nbn likely to be lower than today; and meeting our customers' increasing expectations of us.”
A new organisational structure will be rolled out across Operations “to provide end-to-end responsibility and reduce complexity in four key lines of business – Networks, nbn & Commercial Delivery, IT and Digital Solutions, and Customer Service Management. “
Telstra Retail will be renamed Telstra Consumer & Small Business and evolve “to bring together like capabilities from across the group to create three core divisions – Customer Experience & Transformation, Telstra Products, and Consumer & Small Business Sales & Service”.
In Global Enterprise and Services, sales and services will be rolled into one team and the business renamed Telstra Enterprise.
Telstra Business will be eliminated, with functions shifted either into Consumer & Small Business or Enterprise.
Telstra's Media & Marketing will also see changes to “focus more on the customer and be more agile in how we work we are streamlining how we go to market, including bringing together our domestic and international marketing teams for Enterprise and continuing to make changes in our Media Team to better deliver our media strategy, which is growing in importance to Telstra”.
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The U.N. Security Council is urging key players in Guinea-Bissau to implement a road map to resolve the political crisis in the country that political leaders agreed to on Sept. 10.
Council members stressed "the urgent need to ensure an inclusive dialogue among key national actors to ensure effective functioning of the government."
The council statement followed a briefing Tuesday by U.N. envoy Modibo Ibrahim Toure, who said that "despite the political crisis, Guinea-Bissau's economic performance has been remarkable."
He said the economy is estimated to have expanded by 5 percent in 2016, reflecting a bumper cashew harvest, the country's main export.
Guinea-Bissau has had so many coups and countercoups that no elected leader has been able to complete his term since the country won independence from Portugal in 1974.
KOLKATA, India (AP) — Indian rescue workers on Wednesday recovered another body from a canal where a bus fell earlier this week, reportedly while its driver was talking on his cellphone, bringing the death toll to 43.
District Magistrate P. Ulganathan said rescuers were continuing to search for four people still missing after the bus plunged nine meters (30 feet) into the canal in Murshidabad district in West Bengal state on Monday.
Ulganathan said 31 bodies were found trapped in the bus when it was pulled out of the canal late Monday. Another 11 bodies were recovered from the canal on Tuesday.
He said 11 people were rescued and hospitalized with injuries.
The bus careened off a bridge while trying to avoid a head-on collision with a truck. Witnesses said the driver was speaking on his cellphone while driving and refused to heed pleas by the passengers not to do so, The Times of India newspaper reported.
The accident site is 220 kilometers (135 miles) north of Kolkata, the capital of West Bengal state.
More than 110,000 people are killed annually on India's roads. Most crashes are attributed to reckless driving, poorly maintained roads and aging vehicles.
After soaring to $4,000 on exchange markets over the weekend, the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise, topping a record $4,300 on Monday — nearly a thousand dollars above its rate one week ago, according to data from the Coinbase currency exchange.
Bitcoin settled back under the $4,300 mark after reaching a new high Monday morning, according to several exchanges that track the decentralized currency.
"The bitcoin market cap soared past $70 billion," says CryptoCoins News, adding that a "flippening" that has been anticipated for years in the cryptocurrency community had finally come to pass, as "bitcoin now has a greater total valuation than payment-processing behemoth PayPal."
A bitcoin could be bought for around $570 just 12 months ago — reflecting a rise of around 645 percent to today's exchange rate.
Reporting on the rise, the Coindesk site says the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies reached a record $138 billion on Monday.
The steep ascent can be attributed to a number of factors, from political concerns to a recent split into two currencies — Bitcoin Classic and Bitcoin Cash. That change, which became official on Aug. 1, was made to give the currency a more robust infrastructure; it was also tied to a move to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently.
Formally introduced in 2009, bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors. And blockchain, the technology that underlies bitcoin, has been embraced by both academics and banking giants such as Fidelity — which now lets customers tracks investments in cryptocurrency — and Goldman Sachs.
Other factors, such as bitcoin's role as a hedge against political uncertainty, also play a role. A finance executive tells CNBC that South Koreans have shown a "surge of interest" in the currency as the U.S. and North Korea trade threats. The network also says there's strong interest in bitcoin in Japan, with the yen accounting for 42 percent of bitcoin currency purchases.
It's been a heady summer for bitcoin holders. After the virtual currency hit a record $2,420 in May, The Economist ran a story asking, "What if the bitcoin bubble bursts?" and wondering if its rise could be compared to historic market crazes — like the one over tulips.
Noting that "Anyone clever or lucky enough to have bought $1,000 of bitcoins in July 2010, when the price stood at $0.05, would now have a stash worth $46 million," The Economist added, "Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable." — before concluding, "If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble, this is it."
GREENEVILLE, Tenn. — Former Washington State standout Jackie Davis will be joining the Tusculum men's basketball program this fall announced Pioneer head coach Nick Pasqua.
Davis, a 6-4, 195-pound guard from Long Beach, California, played last season at junior college national power Odessa College as he and the Wranglers captured a NJCAA Region V championship and finished the 2016-1season 28-6 overall.
He began his collegiate career at NCAA Division I Washington State University where he played in 11 games during the 2014-2015 season.
“We are excited to add Jackie to finish out this class. His size and strength at the guard spot will really help on both ends of the floor,” said Pasqua. “We expect him to make an immediate impact on the lineup.”
During his senior season at Rolling Hills Prep in San Pedro, California, he averaged 24.8 points, 5.1 assists, 5.0 rebounds and 1.2 per game. He was named Co-MVP of the Coast League while earning All-CIF and Cal-Hi Sports All-State honors.
11:13 Reported News Briefs Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Scalise's condition critical again The MedStar Washington Hospital Center said, Wednesday evening that Congressman Steve Scalise (R-LA) is in critical condition and will require several more operations, after he was wounded in a suburban shooting, according to the Associated Press. There had been reports of an improvement in his condition.
The hospital said he was shot in the left hip, after which the bullet traveled "across his pelvis, fracturing bones, injuring internal organs and causing severe bleeding." ► ◄ Last Briefs
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on political fundraising reports (all times local):
6 p.m.
President Donald Trump started his formal re-election campaign earlier than any of his recent predecessors, and that appears to be paying off.
Trump's campaign says it finished 2017 with more than $22 million on hand. That's chump change in modern presidential politics and its billion-dollar campaigns, but it still signals Trump's aggressiveness with the election more than two years away.
The campaign says the president raised almost $2.2 million in direct contributions for his campaign during the final quarter of 2017. He took in another $3.5 million through a fundraising agreement with the Republican National Committee.
The campaign boasts that nearly all of its contributors are small donors who gave $200 or less, a sign the president remains popular with his base despite approval ratings mired in the 30s.
__
5:45 p.m.
The Democratic National Committee lags its GOP counterpart in fundraising despite the left's grass-roots energy since President Donald Trump's election.
But financial disclosure reports at the start of this election year also show other Democratic groups and many individual candidates are in stronger positions.
The Republican National Committee raised $132.5 million in 2017 and ended the year with almost $39 million on hand and no debt. The Democratic committee took in $66 million and had $6.5 million in cash available, but also owed $6.1 million.
Republicans believe their financial advantage will mean a superior campaign organization as they defend their majorities in Congress.
Democrats say they'll have the resources to win.
Their House campaign committee outraised its GOP counterpart in 2017, and several vulnerable Democratic senators have fundraising edges.
{"id":46857359,"title":"Supreme Court rejects Arkansas request to move ahead on an inmate's execution","duration":"1:04","description":"The Supreme Court refused to overrule a state court ruling halting the execution of Don Davis, who the state plans to put to death this month along with several other inmates.","url":"/GMA/video/supreme-court-rejects-arkansas-request-move-ahead-inmates-46857359","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"}
MELCROFT, Pa. (AP) — In a story Jan. 28 about the shooting deaths of four people at a car wash, The Associated Press, relying on information from state police, misspelled the first name of one of the female victims. She was Cortney Snyder, not Courtney.
A corrected version of the story is below:
The Latest: Victims' family says suspect driven by jealousy
Family members of the victims of a shooting at a Pennsylvania car wash say the suspect was driven by jealousy
MELCROFT, Pa. (AP) — The Latest on a fatal shooting outside a Pennsylvania car wash (all times local):
6:45 p.m.
Family members of the victims of a shooting at a Pennsylvania car wash say the suspect was driven by jealousy.
State police say 28-year-old Timothy Smith fatally shot four people at Ed's Car Wash around 3 a.m. in Saltlick Township, a rural town about 55 miles (89 kilometers) southeast of Pittsburgh.
Twenty-seven-year-old William Porterfield, 25-year-old Chelsie Cline, 23-year-old Cortney Snyder and 21-year-old Seth Cline were all killed.
Smith is on life support and not expected to survive after suffering a gunshot wound to his head. State police say it's possible the gunshot wound was self-inflicted.
Authorities would not immediately say how Smith knew the victims but family members tell the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review that Smith had developed an obsession with Chelsie Cline.
____
4:45 p.m.
State police say a man suspected of fatally shooting four people at a car wash in Pennsylvania is on life support.
Authorities initially had said that five people had died in the shootings early Sunday in the Melcroft community of Saltlick Township, about 55 miles (89 kilometers) southeast of Pittsburgh. Another person was injured.
But state police now say the suspect, Tim Smith, is on life support at a hospital.
Authorities have identified the four people killed as 27-year-old William Porterfield, 25-year-old Chelsie Cline, 23-year-old Cortney Snyder and 21-year-old Seth Cline.
Authorities say a woman who was injured survived by hiding in the back seat of a truck.
A motive for the shooting remains under investigation.
____
2:15 p.m.
Family members say a domestic dispute spurred the shooting deaths of five people at a Pennsylvania car wash.
But state police say they haven't yet confirmed that or a motive for the shootings that occurred early Sunday in the Melcroft community of Saltlick Township, about 55 miles (89 kilometers) southeast of Pittsburgh. WPXI-TV reports they spoke with family members.
The victims were identified only as three men and two women in their 20s and 30s. Four of the victims were pronounced dead at the scene. Another died at a hospital.
An injured person was hospitalized. His or her condition and identity is not yet known.
The Pittsburgh Tribune-Review reports a man who lives near the scene said he heard about 30 gunshots over a span of several minutes.
___
This story has been corrected to show that the TV station is WPXI-TV, not WXPI-TV.
___
12:20 p.m.
State police say three men and two women have been found dead in a shooting at a Pennsylvania car wash.
The shooting occurred shortly before 3 a.m. Sunday in the Melcroft community of Saltlick Township, about 55 miles (89 kilometers) southeast of Pittsburgh.
Police said Sunday they have no motive yet for the deadly shooting. Four of the victims were pronounced dead at the scene, while another died at a hospital.
Two victims died inside a vehicle and two were found outside in the car wash's parking lot.
An injured person was taken to a hospital. Authorities say it's not clear if that person was shot. Details on that person's condition were not immediately released.
Authorities were trying to determine if the shooter was among those found at the scene.
___
10:20 a.m.
State police say at least five people were killed in a shooting at a Pennsylvania car wash.
WPXI-TV reports the shooting occurred around 2:45 a.m. Sunday in Melcroft.
Melcroft is about 55 miles (89 kilometers) southeast of Pittsburgh
The victims were identified only as three men and two women. At least one other person was wounded and was taken to a hospital, but further details on that person's condition were not immediately released.
Authorities were trying to determine if the shooter was among those found at the scene.
A motive for the shooting remains under investigation.
Transcript for Stay-at-home dad leaves Post-its around the house for his wife
I have a question for everybody. Do you ever use these at home? Post-it notes. I live by them. What to do if you forget things. I do. Stay-at-home dad in Pennsylvania. Chris illuminati and his wife doesn't want him to forget things. He writes his wife funny messages as well and has a blog, he has 60,000 people that follow him for his like post-it parenting advice. We have some of them up here with us. He writes a lot. This one says if you're curious about my culinary skills let me just state that my kids are absolutely unfazed by a home fire alarm. I have one. The kid and I are counting down to the last day of school for very different reasons. That's a good one. Any time I see a lost toy I don't feel bad for the kid losing his mind for god. I feel bad for the parents losing their minds looking for it. Sage advice. Getting my handstand used to me I was getting into a crowded nightclub. Now it means my son and I are here to see the penguins. Like deep thoughts by a parent. We were talking about -- I don't know if you remember "Sex and the city" and when Carrie, her boyfriend broke up with her on that little post-it and said I can't, don't hate me. Too late. That's what I think about. Much better by text. We asked some of our audience members what they would like to post and have someone find in their home so we have Janelle from Brooklyn, New York. How are you? Good. What would you -- My message was that the dust bunny is in the corner and it's going to need feeding soon. Cute. Cute. Thanks so much. Kaitlyn, what's your message? Love your outfit but not on the floor. I understand. Lara understands. Rich from Rochester. I don't iron the clothes. I just let the dryer do it. That's a guy. Once a parent -- Delivery. Your delivery really sold it.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
image via AP.
Turkish officials have arrested eight people in connection with the shooting in an Istanbul night club called Reina on New Year's Eve that left 39 dead and 69 injured.
Advertisement
The Guardian reports that the gunman is not amongst the eight people detained by anti-terrorism squads. Turkey's interior ministry told reporters on Monday that there have been 147 detainments in just the last week over suspected ties to ISIS. Of those, 25 people were placed under formal arrest.
ISIS has reportedly released a statement taking responsibility for the lone gunman's act, saying he “struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate holiday.” The gunman is believed to be from either Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan. He may have escaped by abandoning his gun at the scene and slipping off in the ensuing chaos.
Advertisement
Police have supposedly seen some similarities between this attack and the suicide bomber who killed more than 40 people at Istanbul's Atatürk airport in June. The Guardian says that aside from arrests, the response to ISIS and this recent attack has been swift:
The Turkish military said it had carried out raids against Isis in Syria in response to the attack. Turkish jets struck eight targets, and tanks and artillery fired on 103 targets near al-Bab, killing 22 fighters, the Turkish chief of general staff's office told Anadolu.
ISIS claims to have multiple cells in Turkey, which it called in its statement a “protector of the cross.”
Architecture need not be static. In the pursuit of putting down roots, some of the most creative responses are mobile or temporary homes that take their cue from a different set of requirements. Nomadic Homes explores the ingenious ways some home-dwellers have accommodated their love of adventure, their vulnerability to political change, or their desire to escape, with evocative photographs and Philip Jodidio's insightful and engaging words. It's a great demonstration of how good design can transcend location.
£50, Taschen
Steve Stephens on Facebook
Police have intensified the manhunt for alleged murderer Steve Stephens. The search has been ongoing since Sunday afternoon after Stephens Facebooked a video of his random homicide of an elderly man, Robert Godwin Sr., near Lake Erie in Cleveland, Ohio. Stephens also claimed on his profile, which has since been removed, that he had killed up to 15 other people in what he described as his “Easter day slaughter.” Although police haven't located any additional victims, they consider the 6'1″ and 244 lb Stephens (who is bald and wears a beard) to be armed and extremely dangerous.
CNN reports that Stephens' phone last gave off a signal near Erie, which is 100 miles away from the homicide site. As such, they've widened the search net to include Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana, and Michigan. Stephens' mother also spoke with CNN about how she last saw her son on Saturday, and he issued an ominous statement about possibly never seeing each other again. On Sunday, Stephens told his mother that he was killing people “because he was angry with his girlfriend.”
The Washington Post has more about the homicide video, which was apparently not live streamed as originally believed (but posted a few hours after the fact) and included the following bone-chilling dialogue:
“I'm about to kill this guy right here; he's an old dude,” Stephens said as he approached Robert Godwin Sr., who was out looking for aluminum cans on the sidewalk. “Can you do me a favor?” Stephens said to Godwin before asking him to say the name Joy Lane. “Joy Lane?” Godwin responded. “Yeah,” Stephens replied. “She's the reason why this is about to happen to you.”
Cleveland.com reveals that Stephens' estranged girlfriend has now been placed in protective custody and is cooperating with authorities.
Although this video wasn't broadcast on Facebook as a live stream, the social media outlet has come under fire after reports that Stephens' footage was available for three hours after he uploaded it. This highlights the inherent difficulties of a vetting system that relies on user-based flagging for videos, especially after multiple crimes have been live streamed in the Chicago area (and elsewhere) over the past several months.
Following the discovery and removal of Stephens' homicide video, Facebook issued a statement: “This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content. We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with the law.”
(Via CNN, Washington Post & Cleveland.com)
Warner Bros.
When we last checked in on The Batman — the standalone Batman movie co-written, directed by, and starring Ben Affleck and co-starring Joe Manganiello as Deathstroke — it was switching release dates with the second Justice League movie. That gave The Batman an earlier release date in the summer of 2019. After the announcement, Affleck seemed enthusiastic about the earlier deadline, telling Variety that “everything is coming together” and adding, “We're still finishing up a script. I'm very excited.”
But Affleck now doesn't seem as assured with the schedule in a long, wide-ranging new interview released on New Year's Day. Affleck spoke to The Guardian while promoting Live By Night and had this to say when asked about directing The Batman.
“That's the idea. But it's not a set thing and there's no script. If it doesn't come together in a way I think is really great I'm not going to do it.”
A hundred Warner execs just felt their bowels drop to the floor, and it's not just New Year's hangover colon.
Ask him why he took the Batman role and he replies with characteristic honesty that he did it for his son. “Sam thinks his dad is Batman,” he laughs. “That's an incredible feeling.”
Wait, so he didn't want his son to think he's Daredevil?
(Via The Guardian and Variety)
The Daily Stormer, a Neo-Nazi website that promoted the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy, after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories.
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down, with the site posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous. That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours. But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group doesn't seem to be involved.
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer, 32, an anti-white nationalist protester. Police say James Alex Fields Jr., 20, killed Heyer when he drove his car into a crowd of people.
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia, prompting calls for GoDaddy, which hosts the site, to be taken down.
Posting a link to the offending story, women's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter, "@GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned."
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message, and the web service replied late Sunday night, "We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
In the story on the Daily Stormer, the purported hackers say they'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy. But in a break with notable hacking takeovers, the story doesn't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site; instead, it's published alongside other pieces, including the one about Heyer.
The Daily Stormer is published by Andrew Anglin, who also writes much of its most high-profile content; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising.
The alleged hackers' message included the hashtag #TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site's views to celebrate its seeming demise. News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover, which had included the explanation, "this evil cannot be allowed to stand."
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states, "We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous' is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host."
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and his site — the account states, "We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing."
People commenting on the Daily Stormer site also found the situation amusing, noting that the supposed hackers had said they had located Anglin and would be "sending our allies in Lagos to pay him a visit in person."
"LOL, this meme just won't end," one person wrote about the Lagos reference.
Earlier this year, Anglin's website was linked to an office in Worthington, Ohio, the Columbus suburb where he went to high school. As Columbus Alive reported, "Anglin's current whereabouts remain unknown."
The most popular response on the comment board was one that mocked people on Twitter who had announced the Daily Stormer had been taken over.
"Anglin you are a legend," one person wrote.
By ANDY WOLF
Staff Writer
OTTAWA — Blue and gold filled the gymnasium in support of both state-ranked unbeatens Ottawa-Glandorf and Archbold, which put their spotless records on the line Tuesday night.
The game, however, was all O-G.
Behind Kadie Hempfling's triple-double, the top-ranked Titans held a 40-16 halftime edge and picked up a 61-43 nonconference victory.
The Titans, ranked No. 1 in the final Division II Associated Press poll, improved to 20-0.
The Bluestreaks, ranked No. 2 in Division III, dropped to 20-1.
Hempfling, a 5-foot-9 junior wing, did a lot of everything in racking up 12 points, 15 rebounds, 13 assists, five steals and three blocks.
“We're feeling great,” Hempfling said after notching her first triple-double of the season. “I think we actually got better tonight, all of us. That was a great win. Archbold is a really great team so I'm just happy. We had a lot of fun tonight.”
Hempfling accounted for nine assists in the first half alone, routinely picking apart the Archbold defense both in half court sets and pushing the ball up in transition.
It wasn't just Hempfling finding quality shots as the Titans assisted on 15 of their 17 first half field goals.
“A lot of that starts with Kadie even when she's not getting the assist,” O-G coach Troy Yant said. “When she's making an outlet (pass) and you've only got to make one more pass to a wide open person both people should be getting an assist.”
The Bluestreaks got off to a 5-0 lead as Kierstyn Repp scored on their first two possessions.
Hempfling followed Repp's 3-pointer with a dish to Lexi Schroeder at the right block off an inbounds play.
Two possessions later, Hempfling snuck one in the paint from the top of the arc to a cutting Kylie White for an easy finish.
“Every time they trap me I always knew there's an extra person,” Hempfling said. “I know to make that pass to backside. I'm trying to get everyone better.”
Ashley Schroeder's feed to Lexi Schroeder finished a fast break and gave the Titans their first lead at 6-5.
O-G made its next four shots from the field in a string of seven consecutive with the last being a full-court outlet pass from Hempfling to White for a lay-in.
“We blitzed on them which was probably what we're best at,” Hempfling said. “We broke them down.”
The Titans opened the second quarter on a 12-2 run, forcing four turnovers and blocking four shots to start.
They ended the half with a bang as Erin Kaufman swished a 3-pointer from the right wing on a kickout from Hempfling.
Collectively, O-G made 17 steals and blocked 12 shots.
Archbold started 5 of 22 from the field and finished at 36 percent (16 of 44).
“You watch them on tape, they are the ones that are most active, Yant said of Archbold. “They are the ones that are most athletic. We knew it was going to be a challenge.
“It looked like a lot of those active hands could've been active fouls but we were fortunate we didn't get called for fouls.
Kylie White scored a game-high 19 points and blocked five shots for the Titans.
Lexi Schroeder (three steals) scored all of her 16 points in the first half while Kaufman put in 10 points and two steals.
Repp led Archbold with 12 points and seven rebounds.
“Playing in this atmosphere against this type of team is only going to make us better down the stretch,” Archbold coach Brian Ziegler said. “We came out sky high. I think we had a little too much emotion. Going up 5-0, I don't think we kept our emotions in check. You forget you're playing against the No. 1 team. They're going to make a run at you.”
And run O-G did.
Ziegler said his team has quickness and speed but couldn't still stay with O-G on the outlet passes.
“You can't outrun a pass,” Ziegler said. “Hempfling hurt us with a long pass a lot.”
ARCHBOLD (20-1)
Ziegler 2-3–8, Kohler 1-0–2, A. Peterson 4-1–9, Miller 1-2–4, Repp 4-2–12, Krieger 4-0–8. TOTALS: 16-44 8-11–43.
OTTAWA-GLANDORF (20-0)
L. Schroeder 8-0–16, A. Schroeder 1-2–4, Kaufman 4-1–10, White 9-1–19, Hempfling 5-1–12. TOTALS: 27-50 5-13–61.
Archbold 9 7 12 15 — 43
Ottawa-Glandorf 19 21 10 11 — 61
3-Point GOALS: Archbold 3-10 (Repp 2, Ziegler); Ottawa-Glandorf 2-7 (Hempfling & Kaufman).
rebounds: Archbold 21 (Repp 7); Ottawa- Glandorf 27 (Hempfling 15).
turnovers: Archbold 28: Ottawa-Glandorf 20.
junior varsity: Archbold, 41-38.
Wolf, 419-427-8496
Send an E-mail to andywolf
Comments
comments
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The U.N. human rights chief told an informal meeting of the Security Council Monday that the Syrian government's five-year siege of the Damascus suburbs of eastern Ghouta has involved "pervasive war crimes," use of chemical weapons and starvation as a weapon of war.
High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein was blocked from addressing a formal council meeting by a Russian procedural maneuver, but he delivered his hard-hitting speech to an open meeting anyway, decrying "mind-numbing crimes" committed by all parties in Syria using "unlawful methods of warfare."
He said multiple parties to the conflict, now in its eighth year, "claim to justify their military offensives based on their struggle against terrorism."
But Zeid said "never before have the campaigns against terrorism been used more often to justify the unconscionable use of force against civilians than in the last few months in Syria."
He was especially critical of Syria, singling out President Bashar Assad's claim that his government makes every effort to protect civilians.
The U.N.'s top human rights official dismissed it, saying: "When you are capable of torturing and indiscriminately killing your own people, you have long forfeited your own credibility."
Zeid pointed to eastern Ghouta as an example.
"The siege of eastern Ghouta by the Syrian government forces, half a decade long, has involved pervasive war crimes, the use of chemical weaponry, enforced starvation as a weapon of warfare, and the denial of essential and life-saving aid," he said.
Zeid said this has culminated "in the current relentless, month-long bombardment of hundreds of thousands of terrified trapped civilians."
"Families are now streaming out of the area," he said, "but many civilians fear reprisals will be taken against them for their perceived support for opposition groups."
Zeid stressed that "those who have perpetrated and are still perpetrating these mind-numbing crimes committed in Syria must be made to answer before a properly constituted court of law."
"This must be assured and made non-negotiable — for the victims," he said, but also for the legitimacy of the U.N. and the Security Council, and to prevent future violations and advance human rights around the world.
He again urged the council to refer Syria to the International Criminal Court.
That remains highly unlikely, however, since both Russia and China vetoed a resolution backed by more than 60 countries in May 2014 that would have referred the Syrian conflict to the ICC.
Zeid also said justice and respect for human rights must be at the center of any peace talks.
"No settlement which shields the perpetrators from prosecution is worth discussing, simply because such a settlement would be utterly empty," he said. "For peace in Syria to be meaningful and lasting, a guarantee of justice for the Syrian people must be assured."
Zeid had been scheduled to speak at an open council meeting Monday afternoon, but when it started, Russian Deputy Ambassador Gennady Kuzmin protested that it was a question for the Human Rights Council in Geneva, not the Security Council, which is charged with ensuring international peace and security.
He demanded a procedural vote on whether the meeting should be held.
To proceed, at least nine of the 15 council members had to vote "yes," but only eight did so. Four countries voted "no" — Russia, China, Bolivia and Kazakhstan — while the three African countries, Ethiopia, Ivory Coast and Equitorial Guinea abstained.
Longtime U.N. observers said it was exceedingly rare for a scheduled council meeting to be halted by a procedural vote.
France's U.N. Ambassador Francois Delattre criticized Russia for refusing any discussion of human rights in the Security Council, when rights violations in Syria "are at their very peak."
Britain's deputy U.N. ambassador Jonathan Allen said Russia "doesn't want the truth of ... the appalling human rights abuses taking place."
But he said: "We mustn't let them silence us."
Father awarded custody of his 9-year old daughter tells court his ex-wife flagrantly attempting to lead daughter away from her faith.
JTA - A haredi man from London told a family court judge that his 9-year-old daughter was facing ostracism from their community after her mother took her to eat at a non-kosher McDonald's fast-food restaurant, and to a mixed-sex gymnastics class.
The girl's mother had left her husband and their insular community, according to reports in the British media. A court had ruled that the girl would live with her father but spend time with her mother.
The father turned to a family court to complain about the mother's activities when the two spent time together, the London-based Jewish News reported.
In addition to the non-kosher food and the gymnastics class, the father told Judge Laura Harris that his ex-wife drove with their daughter in a car on the Sabbath and “dressed inappropriately” when picking her up from her religious day school. The mother, who had been religious, could not plead ignorance about how what she was doing would harm her daughter's social acceptance.
The judge reportedly told the mother the daughter could remain in her gymnastics class and said the mother promised not to feed her non-kosher food in the future. The case reportedly came to family court after the father had his former wife followed by a private investigator.
The case comes on the heels of a case in November in London family court in which a woman told the judge that her former husband, who had stopped being religiously observant, allowed their two young children to ride their bikes on Shabbat and to watch television, which are both activities forbidden by halakha.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. High 79F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 100%..
Tonight
Some clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
Transcript for Boy tries to hug Trump, gets kiss on forehead too
--
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The killing of the North Korean leader's outcast half brother adds to a long list of high-profile assassinations or attempts in which the country is suspected of targeting estranged relatives of the Kim clan, turncoats and South Korean public figures. Kim Jong Nam told medical workers he had been attacked with chemical spray at the Kuala Lumpur airport before he died, Malaysian officials have said. Leader Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials since taking power in late 2011, and experts believe he might have been trying to eliminate a potential challenger to his leadership. Others think he was enraged over recent news reports that his brother tried to defect to the South in 2012. North Korea has denied carrying out some of the killings and not commented on others. Some of the most notable assassinations or attempts it is suspected of doing: TRAITOR COUSIN Lee Han-young, a nephew of one of the former wives of the country's second leader Kim Jong Il, was found dead of gunshot wounds in front of a Seoul apartment in 1997. Lee had defected to South Korea through Switzerland in 1982, but Seoul kept his arrival secret until 1996, when his mother also fled the North. Lee had harshly criticized the country and his dictator uncle. The investigation into his death concluded Lee was killed by North Korean agents sent to deliver Pyongyang's payback and the assailants returned to North Korea before they could be captured. BLAST IN YANGON North Korean agents set off a bomb meant for South Korea's leader while he was visiting Burma in 1983. President Chun Doo-hwan narrowly escaped the attack, but more than 20 people were killed, including four of his Cabinet ministers, his ambassador to Yangon and several top aides. One North Korean agent was shot to death by police, a second was executed and a third reportedly died in prison in 2008. Burma, now known as Myanmar, cut diplomatic ties with North Korea following the blast, but they restored relations in 2007. SOUTH KOREAN PRESIDENT A team of 31 North Korean commandos slipped undetected into South Korea in 1968 and came within striking distance of the Seoul presidential palace. South Korean security forces managed to repel the assault at the last minute. The only commando that was captured said he had come to “slit the throat of (then-President) Park Chung-hee.” A furious Park established a secret commando team tasked with demolishing the Pyongyang palace of North Korea's founder. Tensions later eased, but the South Korean commando team, incensed that the planned infiltration was aborted, mutinied in 1971, killing their trainers and marching on Seoul before being stopped. HIGH-PROFILE DEFECTOR In 2010, two agents posing as defectors were arrested in a plot to assassinate Hwang Jang-yop, a former Workers' Party secretary who remains the highest-level North Korean to seek asylum in the South. South Korean officials said both agents were majors in North Korea's main army intelligence agency and were under orders to slit Hwang's throat. Hwang, who once tutored Kim Jong Il, bitterly criticized the North Korean government after his 1997 defection. North Korea called him a traitor and “human scum.” He died six months after the arrests at the age of 87.
Comments
comments
Noting that an effort to fast track defense procurement processes has actually resulted in “bureaucratic impediments,” President Rodrigo Duterte has issued an executive order that directs the secretary of national defense to institute measures that would monitor separate bids and awards committees.
Duterte signed Executive Order No. 18, repealing EO No. 235 that was issued by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo in 2003 in line with her administration's campaign for good governance.
Arroy is now a House member representing Pampanga.
ADVERTISEMENT
In his executive fiat, Duterte said that EO No. 235 “limited” the defense secretary's authority to delegate approvals of procurement contracts.
The Arroyo executive order also established a single bids and awards committee for the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP).
“It has been observed that the implementation of EO No. 235 resulted in bureaucratic impediments and unnecessary delays in the procurement of important defense projects,” Duterte's executive order said.
“The Secretary of the Defense is hereby mandated to identify and institutionalize measures that will effectively monitor the operations of the separate Bids and Awards Committees which may be created pursuant to RA No. 9184 (Government Procurement Reform Act of 2003), to ensure and promote transparency, impartiality, and accountability in procurement transactions,” the order said.
EO 235 actually allowed the defense secretary to approve contracts of the Department of National Defense (DND), its bureaus and attached agencies that are below P50 million “as he sees fit under the circumstances,” except if the contract is required by law to be approved by the President.
The executive order also allows the AFP chief of staff to sign contracts for the military below P50 million.
The Philippine military is considered as one of the weakest in Asia.
The Aquino administration focused on building an AFP with a “minimum defense credibility,” acquiring refurbished warships and brand-new jets while the military slowly shifted to territorial defense, its original mandate, before its decades-long focus on internal security operations. /atm/rga
Transcript for 1 dead after car plows into into pizzeria
We've got some breaking news when he gets to right now this is coming up when. Car has crashed into a sidewalk cafe. Outside of Paris killing an eight year old girl and injuring at least five others had this happen. At a pizza Rea just outside that town and parents can see it right there the driver was arrested nearby. Unclear right now if this was an intentional act and of course has been a series of car attacks recently we know of the one in Virginia. And it's also a week after an Algerian man drove his car into a group of its French soldiers. In more than a year after a truck attack in these France left dozens dead investigators on the scene trying to get the very latest as soon as we learn more information on this breaking news we'll bring it to you here.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Senior Night for the most successful group of Lady Bear basketball players ever was interesting on the court as well, but only for about 90 seconds.
Mount Airy started all five of its seniors, Jo Snow, Asherah Smith, Arry Ward, Madeline Mayfield and Tatyana Long. Mayfield jumped center and won the tip, but inadvertently tipped it in the direction of a Prep player, who raced downcourt and scored a quick basket.
If you were a Phoenix fan, that was the last thing you had to cheer about for quite some time. Although Mount Airy never put a full-court pressure defense on the struggling Prep team, the Lady Bears went on a 21-0 run that ate up most of the opening period. From there, they cruised to a 65-29 victory.
With the win, the Lady Bears (18-2, 8-0 Northwest 1A Conference) clinched no worse than a share of their second straight conference title. Mount Airy leads East Surry (12-9, 6-2) by two games with just two left to play. One more Lady Bear win or Lady Cardinal loss means the former wins the title outright.
The game with Prep (3-13, 0-7) eventually turned into something of a layup drill, with the Lady Bears attacking the basket early and often. Smith did most of the damage in the first quarter, scoring 13 of her game-high 20 points. In the second, Alyssa Cox had 10 points and junior Shaunae Sawyers, who didn't get to start because of Senior Night, tallied eight. Mount Airy went to the locker room with a 49-15 lead when Bailey Flippen ended the second quarter with a 3-pointer near the top of the key.
The team worked on its spread offense for most of the second half and played very conservatively on defense, keeping the score from getting much worse.
Sawyers and Cox both ended the game with 10 points. Mayfield scored eight and Snow seven. All five of the seniors scored.
Trezha Muhammad led the Phoenix with 17.
The Lady Bears can lock up the title outright on Tuesday night at Bishop McGuinness.
Mount Airy senior Madeline Mayfield dishes the ball off for an assist during Friday night's rout of Winston-Salem Prep. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_DSC_0102.jpg Mount Airy senior Madeline Mayfield dishes the ball off for an assist during Friday night's rout of Winston-Salem Prep. John Cate | The News The Lady Bears' Asherah Smith somehow gets off this scoop shot despite being tripped by a Winston-Salem Prep defender during Friday's game. Smith led top-ranked Mount Airy with 20 points in the 65-29 win. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_DSC_0111.jpg The Lady Bears' Asherah Smith somehow gets off this scoop shot despite being tripped by a Winston-Salem Prep defender during Friday's game. Smith led top-ranked Mount Airy with 20 points in the 65-29 win. John Cate | The News
By John Cate jcate@mtairynews.com
Reach John via Twitter at @johncate73.
Reach John via Twitter at @johncate73.
By on September 22, 2014
Communication for Peace
Lebanon
KAFA (Lebanon) produced a 15 minute documentary drama addressing the issue of 'date violence' - the abuse or mistreatment that occurs between 'dating partners', individuals who are moving towards an intimate relationship. Although dating violence may be experienced at any stage of life, most research has focused on young people including adolescents and university and college students. This docu-drama discussed all forms of abuse and violence; emotional, physical, and sexual. The study material included in the film used language and expressions familiar to adolescents allowing space for empathy among peers and offering a way of better understanding the problems and issues. Special consideration was given to the different cultural practices and traditions of social groups in different parts of Lebanon. The project also produced a 32-page magazine for youth and posters for use in public settings.
Project 560
WASHINGTON (AP) — American consumers saw their confidence rebound in April to a level close to the 18-year high it had reached two months ago.
The Conference Board says its consider confidence index rose to 128.7 in April, up from a March level of 127.0. The March level was just below the 130.0 hit in February, which had been the highest since November 2000.
The business research group's index measures consumers' assessment of current conditions and their outlook for the next six months. Economists believe the strength in confidence reflects a strong labor market, with unemployment at a 17-year low, as well as the impact of the $1.5 trillion in tax cuts approved in December, which began showing up in workers' paychecks earlier this year.
A bag that washed ashore near a private harbor has been confirmed as coming from a small plane carrying six people that disappeared over Lake Erie near Cleveland, authorities said Monday as they resumed a search for the missing aircraft.
The city said there have been multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of Burke Lakefront Airport, where a plane carrying a family of four and two neighbors departed late Thursday. John T. Fleming, chief executive of a Columbus-based beverage distribution company, was piloting. His wife, Sue, their two teenage sons, Jack and Andrew, and two neighbors were also aboard.
Police confirmed that a bag recovered Sunday was from the aircraft. It was found near Shoreby Club Harbor in Bratenahl, a small lakeside community. No other details were released immediately.
The other debris hadn't been verified as coming from the Cessna 525 Citation.
The aircraft was headed to Ohio State University Airport, northwest of downtown Columbus. The plane suddenly lost altitude about 2 miles out, according to a flight-tracking service.
Fleming's father has said the family and friends went to a Cleveland Cavaliers basketball game.
The city of Cleveland said there were light winds and fairly calm waters Monday for seven vessels and four dive teams searching waters 35 to 45 feet deep. The search grid area is some 2.5 miles from east to west along the shoreline and 2 miles north to south into the lake.
The U.S. Coast Guard and crews from Cleveland city agencies, the cities of Akron and Toledo, Ohio's Department of Natural Resources, New York State Police and Underwater Marine Contractors are involved in the search by air, shore and water.
The Coast Guard began searching the air after being notified soon after the plane's disappearance. High waves and blustery conditions prevented smaller Coast Guard boats from the Cleveland area from deploying Thursday night. A 140-foot Coast Guard cutter joined a search that covered 128 square miles of the lake on Friday.
Weather and water conditions didn't allow for recovery efforts to begin Saturday, but crews searched for the plane until darkness fell Sunday.
The Federal Aviation Administration and National Transportation Safety Board are investigating.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
The reach of Marvel television continues to expand, taking on Hulu with the upcoming series Marvel's Runaways. Based off of a comic series by Brian K. Vaughn and coming from the creative team of Josh Schwartz an Stephanie Savage (The O.C., Gossip Girl), Runaways begs the question: what do you do when you find out your parents are super evil? Such is the discovery of a group of teens living in Los Angeles, leading to mystical forces, familial strife, and a pet velociraptor.
The vibe of the first trailer is promising, boasting a young cast of relative unknowns, including Rhenzy Feliz as Alex Wilder, Lyrica Okano as Nico Minoru, Virginia Gardner as Karolina Dean, Ariela Barer than Gert Yorkes, Gregg Sulkin as Chase Stein, and Allegra Acosta as Molly Hernandez. Their super-villain parents will be played by Ryan Sands, Angel Parker, Brittany Ishibashi, James Yaegashi, Kevin Weisman, Brigid Brannagh, Annie Wersching, Kip Pardue, Ever Carradine, and James Marsters (Spike!).
While the series may skew a bit younger than other shows like Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. or Legion, Schwartz and Savage have made some of the most iconic teen television of all time, so there is definitely crossover appeal. The series premieres on November 21 (Hulu will release the first three of ten episodes of the first season on the premiere date), giving you just enough time to pick of Vaughn's sharp and engaging comic in the meantime.
By Tabitha Britt
New York is teeming with restaurants, and you can get tequila just about anywhere you go. But why go just anywhere when there are a few niche places that does it best? Embrace your adventurous side and say goodbye to watered down margaritas and syrupy sour mixes. If you're looking for a true tequila bar, we've got a few new places for you to explore.
Tortaria
4506, 94 University Place
New York, NY 10003
(212) 776-1830
www.tortaria-nyc.com
Don't let its size fool you. Although Tortaria is lined with tables for two, this intimate spot packs a punch when it comes to flavor. From made-to-order guacamole, hand-pressed and grilled corn masa and flour tortillas, and fresh fruit-squeezed margaritas and mezcal cocktails, Tortaria is the perfect place to bring a first date or spend a girls' night out. We recommend splitting a pitcher of Tortaria's house margarita, ordering up a few chicken quesadillas, and sharing a side of spicy fries. It's a fiery combination your taste buds won't forget.
Zen Taco
522 Columbus Ave.
New York, NY 10024
(212) 787-3473
www.zentacousa.com
Executive Chef Rene Garcia is serving heat on the Upper West Side. Located on Columbus Avenue, Zen Taco, also known as TruTaco, is giving guests the chance to be adventurous by combining Asian and Latino influences to make one out-of-this-world flavor. But the uniqueness doesn't stop with the dinner menu. Zen Taco has a variety of popsicle cocktails made with fresh ingredients and top-notch booze. Curb your tequila craving with the CavaAtCancun, a popsicle cocktail loaded with cava, tequila, pineapple, orange, and banana, or the Fressada, made with tequila and strawberry lemonade.
Tacombi
30 W. 24th St.
New York, NY 10010
(212) 242-3491
www.tacombi.com
After years of slinging tacos from the inside of a 1963 Volkswagen bus, the owners of Tacombi opened their flagship restaurant, Tacombi Nolita, on Elizabeth Street. Slowly but surely, Tacombi grew to become a well-known name where authentic food and Mexican hospitality was a given. Guests can order anything from made-to-order Mexican juices to fresh coffee straight from Veracruz, but we recommend starting your meal off with the famous Corn Esquites, made with fresh grilled corn, cotija cheese, homemade morita mayo, and chili pequin, and washing it down with a Watermelon Margarita.
Related: A Restaurant Where the Cooks Are Grandmothers
La Esquina
114 Kenmare St.
New York, NY 10012
(646) 613-7100
www.esquinanyc.com
La Esquina is the real deal. Located on the corner of Lafayette and Kenmare, La Esquina is a no-frills Mexican joint filled with tequila, freshly made tacos, and fun. Head downstairs to the brasserie for a night you won't forget or spend an afternoon dining outside in La Esquina's outdoor café. Either way, you're bound to fall in love with Chef Fabian's modern spin on traditional Mexican cuisine.
Barrio Chino
253 Broome St.
New York, NY 10002
(212) 228-6710
www.barriochinonyc.com
Prepare to be blown away by Barrio Chino's spicy margaritas, infused tequilas (have you ever had a habanero-infused tequila?), and cheap and cheesy enchiladas verdes. Meaning “Chinese hood” in Spanish, Barrio Chino brings it when it comes to flavor and authenticity. Decorated with Chinese portraits and hanging paper lanterns, Barrio Chino is a one-of-a-kind spot. But you'd better get there early, tables fill up quickly!
Related: What Is New York Pizza?
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the accident involving a train carrying to a policy retreat in West Virginia (all times local):
12:40 p.m.
An Amtrak spokeswoman says a train has come into contact with a vehicle on the tracks in central Virginia — the same area where members of Congress are reporting their train struck a truck.
Amtrak spokeswoman Kimberly Woods says there are no reported injuries to passengers or crew members after the incident that happened around 11:20 a.m. in Crozet, Virginia. Crozet is about 15 miles west of Charlottesville.
Woods says the train originated in Washington, but she couldn't confirm that members of Congress were aboard.
She says local law enforcement is investigating and crews are inspecting equipment for damage.
___
12:35 p.m.
The White House is confirming one fatality and one serious injury after a chartered train carrying Republican lawmakers to a retreat in West Virginia hit a garbage truck.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders says there are no serious injuries among members of Congress or congressional staff.
Sanders says President Donald Trump has been fully briefed on the matter and is receiving regular updates.
The train carrying the lawmakers hit a garbage truck south of Charlottesville, Virginia.
Lawmakers are heading to their annual legislative retreat at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia.
LONDON (AP) — A forecast prepared for the British government reportedly says the economy will be worse off after the country leaves the European Union whatever trade deal is struck with the bloc.
The leaked assessment published Monday by news website BuzzFeed says if Britain reaches a free trade deal with the EU, growth will be 5 percent lower than current forecasts over 15 years.
The document, dated this month, says if there is no deal and Britain resorts to World Trade Organization terms, growth will fall 8 percent. If Britain remains in the EU single market but as a non-bloc member, the decline will be 2 percent.
The government maintains that Britain will be able to strike new trade deals around the world after Brexit to replace any decline with the EU.
The leaked analysis says new trade deals with the U.S., China, India and other countries would boost growth, but not enough to make up for the lost revenue from the EU, currently Britain's biggest trading partner.
The government did not challenge the authenticity of the document, but said Monday it would not comment on its internal Brexit analysis.
The report is the latest in a string of economists' predictions that leaving the EU will harm the U.K. economy. Supporters of Brexit point out that many such forecasts have so far not come to pass.
The document is likely to further inflame feuding within Britain's Conservative government, between those who back a clean break with the bloc and those who want to keep Britain's economy as closely aligned with the EU's as possible after Brexit in March 2019.
So what if Eli Manning and the rest of the New York Giants' offense is not exactly lighting up the scoreboard as the team heads to the playoffs? The defense looked about as good as any in the NFL in its final postseason tuneup.
Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie picked off a pair of second-half passes, the defensive line — playing without the injured Jason Pierre-Paul — sacked Kirk Cousins four times, and the Giants beat the Washington Redskins 19-10 in a regular-season finale Sunday.
"A physical, hard-nosed football game," New York coach Ben McAdoo said, "against a hungry team, on the road, where we ran the ball, we stopped the run, we took care of the ball, and we took the ball away."
It was the Redskins (8-7-1) who needed a victory to have a chance at making the playoffs. It was the Giants (11-5) who were locked into the No. 5 seed in the NFC so had nothing at stake; they will play at Green Bay next week.
And yet, McAdoo's club looked a lot more intent and focused right from the start, particularly when its defense was on the field.
The Redskins' strength is supposed to be their offense, led by Cousins, but they never got going on Sunday.
Washington's first five possessions ended with punts; the sixth ended with a missed field-goal attempt as the first half finished with New York ahead 10-0.
"It was just business as usual for us," said Giants linebacker Keenan Robinson, who used to play for the Redskins. "It's a good preliminary matchup for us, getting ready for the playoffs, because we're going to see really good offenses."
By halftime, Washington had only four first downs and only 83 total net yards. By game's end, the Redskins had run for a paltry 38 yards.
"They put a lot in the box," Redskins left tackle Trent Williams said. "They smothered it, and we couldn't sustain a drive."
As for New York's offense, Manning, Odell Beckham Jr. and Co. put up one TD and 13 points — the other six came on a last-play fumbled lateral after the game's outcome was already clear — and that continued a season-long pattern of struggles.
The Giants failed to score at least 20 points in any of their final five games, and they never reached 30 in any game all season.
Asked whether that increases the tension for the defense, safety Landon Collins replied: "We live for the pressure. We don't think of it as pressure — we think of it as an opportunity to make plays and be the best that we can be."
So do the Giants own the best defense in the league after loading up on free-agent acquisitions last offseason?
"I feel," Collins said, "like we are in the running for it."
The next test for his unit will come next weekend in the wild-card round against the NFC North champion Packers. The Giants like their chances — thanks not to two-time Super Bowl MVP Manning, but to the defense.
"I feel like our defense is very capable of keeping teams under 14 points, 17 points," New York linebacker Jonathan Casillas said. "We got a great defensive line. We've got some capable guys. We don't have JPP, but everybody is playing bigger because he's down."
———
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—NFL
———
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
SANTA MONICA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--The year's biggest competitive Call of Duty® event of the season, the 2018 Call of Duty World League Championship, Presented by PlayStation®4, is headed to Columbus, Ohio, on August 15 – 19. The definitive competition for the best Call of Duty® esports players from around the world will take place at the Nationwide Arena August 17 – 19 and will close a record-setting season, featuring $4.2 million in total prizing. The first two days of competition (August 15 – 16) will be streamed live from the MLG Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005943/en/
Rise Nation: CWL Seattle MVP Pierce "Gunless" Hillman, Tommy "TJHaLy" Haly, Austin "Slasher" Liddicoat, Daniel "Loony" Loza (Photo: Business Wire)
“We're only half-way through the season and already it's been an incredible year for the CWL. Not only are teams competing for over $4 million this season, which has raised the stakes for everyone, but the action at every event has been amazing,” said Rob Kostich, EVP and general manager of Call of Duty, Activision. “The CWL continues to grow and that's thanks to the greatest community of players and fans in the world. We can't wait to see what unfolds as we head to Columbus this August.”
The announcement was made prior to the Grand Final at the CWL Seattle Open where Rise Nation captured the title of CWL Seattle Open champions, after three-days of intense competition. Teams Evil Geniuses, eUnited, and Echo Fox rounded out the top four spots at the CWL Seattle Open, Presented by PlayStation®4, at the CenturyLink Field Event Center in Seattle, Washington.
Players competed in Call of Duty®: WWII on PlayStation®4. Rise Nation will also be immortalized at a future CWL event in the G FUEL Hall of Champions, where championship teams throughout CWL history are celebrated for their achievements within the entrance of Call of Duty World League Global Open events. Rise Nation's Pierce ‘Gunless' Hillman was dominant while helping his team achieve victory in Seattle, earning him the title of ASTRO Gaming CWL MVP of the tournament.
Following their historic Loser's Bracket run at CWL Seattle Open, the Rise Nation roster makes a strong argument to be named the SCUF Gaming Team of the Week, which honors top competitors in the CWL each week.
In addition to the excited crowd, the first-ever Call of Duty World League event in the Pacific Northwest was streamed to fans around the world on MLG.com/CallofDuty and Twitch.tv/CallofDuty, as well as within the in-game Call of Duty®: WWII theater on PlayStation®4.
Here are the final placements for the CWL Seattle Open:
1 st – Rise Nation 2 nd – Evil Geniuses 3 rd – eUnited 4 th – Echo Fox 5 th /6 th – Team Kaliber / Ghost Gaming 7 th /8 th – Red Reserve / Luminosity
The next Global Open event in the Call of Duty® World League calendar brings competitive action back to the Anaheim Convention Center. The CWL Anaheim Open takes place June 15 – 17.
CWL Anaheim Open tickets are available now in multiple varieties, while supplies last. General admission passes for the event are available for $59.99 (plus applicable fees and taxes). A Premium Pass for the event is also available for $89.99 (plus applicable fees and taxes) and includes an event t-shirt and one month of MLG GameBattles Premium. A $299.99 (plus applicable fees and taxes) Prestige Pass is also available and includes an event t-shirt, event jacket, one-hour early entrance to the venue, access to the Prestige Lounge and more. For tickets, visit MLG.com/CWLAnaheim.
Visit CallofDuty.com/esports and follow the Call of Duty World League on Twitter and Instagram for the latest CWL updates. For live broadcasts and Video on Demand, visit MLG.com/CallofDuty.
About Activision Publishing, Inc.
Headquartered in Santa Monica, California, Activision Publishing, Inc. is a leading global producer and publisher of interactive entertainment. Activision maintains operations throughout the world and is a division of Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATVI), an S&P 500 company. More information about Activision and its products can be found on the company's website, www.activision.com or by following @Activision.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements: Information in this press release that involves Activision Publishing's expectations, plans, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements about the expected dates and features of the 2018 Call of Duty World League Championship and the CWL Anaheim Open and the features of the Call of Duty World League, are forward-looking statements, that are not facts and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause Activision Publishing's actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements set forth in this release include unanticipated product delays and other factors identified in the risk factors sections of Activision Blizzard's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon information available to Activision Publishing and Activision Blizzard as of the date of this release, and neither Activision Publishing nor Activision Blizzard assumes any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements believed to be true when made may ultimately prove to be incorrect. These statements are not guarantees of the future performance of Activision Publishing or Activision Blizzard and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond its control and may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations.
© 2018 Major League Gaming Corp. ACTIVISION, CALL OF DUTY and CALL OF DUTY WWII are trademarks of Activision Publishing, Inc. MAJOR LEAGUE GAMING is a trademark of Major League Gaming Corp. All other trademarks and trade names are the properties of their respective owners.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005943/en/
CONTACT: Call of Duty World League
Xav de Matos
PR Manager
xdematos@mlg.tv
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA OHIO WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT ELECTRONIC GAMES TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS GENERAL SPORTS TEENS CONSUMER SPORTS MEN
SOURCE: Activision Publishing, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 01:00 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 01:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005943/en
Getty Image
At the age of 28, Blake Griffin isn't far from his prime and, if things go well from a health perspective, the All-Star power forward could play at a high level for several more seasons. With that in mind, both Griffin and the Los Angeles Clippers have interesting decisions to make this offseason, as the veteran hits the market as an unrestricted free agent.
Conventional wisdom would dictate that the Clippers, who can offer the biggest financial package and the comfort of living 12 months a year in Los Angeles, have the inside track toward retaining Griffin this summer.
However, Adrian Wojnarowski of The Vertical shared on his podcast Wednesday that the Boston Celtics are perhaps the biggest threat to lure Griffin away.
(h/t MassLive for the transcription)
By BRENNA GRITEMAN
LIFE EDITOR
For the past three years or so, just about every new restaurant or retail store coming to Tiffin has settled in the downtown area. And that's no accident.
“It really tickles me to death when I walk through downtown Tiffin … and point side to side at all the new businesses,” says Mayor Aaron Montz, ticking off newcomers like Simply Susan's, The Empire at 138 and Put-N-Pita as prime examples. “It's just business after business locating down here.”
The new businesses join a host of downtown staples like Deckers Furniture and Burns Electric in an area of town that clearly has its eye as much on historic preservation as it does modern expansion. And amid the boom in new businesses, long-established joints like Reino's Pizza and Clover Club are looking better than ever thanks to a facade program that empowers shop owners to embrace the beauty of a historic structure that may need some sprucing up.
Six years ago, during his first run for mayor, Montz campaigned with a focus on bringing life back to a stagnant downtown. Now 31, he remains steadfast in his belief that a community's success is measured by its downtown activity — and that government doesn't create jobs, necessarily, but rather an energy and an environment which encourages others to do so.
During his first few years in office, Montz led the city in beautifying the downtown with flowers and planters, the removal of overgrown trees and the leveling of upheaved sidewalks. Then he turned his attention to the buildings themselves.
In September 2014, the city launched the Tiffin Facade Enhancement Grant Program which fed $100,000 of city funds into a pot. Downtown business owners could apply to the program with the promise of matching funds dollar for dollar. So far, the city has put $350,000 into the program, which has generated over $1.4 million in private investment. The fund has brought about 54 projects including the reintroduction of balconies and awnings to buildings that had removed them over time, new roofs, windows and paint jobs and tuckpointing.
In turn, the mass makeover tacitly invited other new businesses looking to establish themselves in a vibrant part of town into their midst. Downtown Tiffin welcomed 11 new businesses in both 2015 and 2016, and so far this year has seen four new businesses with three more confirmed.
“It's night and day difference in downtown Tiffin,” Montz says.
One of the area's greatest success stories is the fantastically popular Empire at 138 restaurants. Featuring white tablecloths, live piano three nights a week and a restored 19th-century bar, the restaurant is a hotspot for business lunches, date nights and cocktails over thoughtfully prepared dishes.
General manager Mike Pinkston says the restaurant opened last September and its reception has been decidedly positive. The Empire won diners' choice awards in February and March, and was named the best new restaurant in its market in January.
“We really wanted to do really delicious food in a wonderful environment that people could find in lots of metropolitan areas,” he says. “People like us a lot and come again and again and again.”
On the menu are classically American options like burgers and salads, along with some options you won't find just anywhere, including a Cuban rice bowl served with poached eggs, lollipop lamb chops and a truffle oil grilled cheese. Pinkston says all the jams, guacamole, hummus and even ketchup are made in-house, and locally sourced produce is used as often as possible.
Aside from the food, a talking point in the restaurant is the bar itself. Built in Cleveland in the 1870s, the bar was housed inside McClain's Restaurant in Bellevue until its closure 10 years ago. The Empire's owners bought the bar from a man who had purchased it at auction a decade ago and took it to a local woodworker who made matching pieces to those that were missing and fitted them all together. A local carpenter then fashioned the restaurant's front doors to match the bar. Pinkston calls the bar “a real standout piece” and says some customers do recognize it, although they can't always put their finger on from where.
Like so many others downtown, the building housing The Empire went through a miraculous change before becoming the chic space it is today. Built just after the Civil War, the dining room area was a former drugstore, while the bar was a grocery. During its extensive renovations, the restaurant owners kept the original wood floors and tin ceiling intact while also taking advantage of the downtown facade program for things like new windows, decorative trim and steel columns.
As someone who spends most days in downtown Tiffin, Pinkston says it's been fun to watch the area come to life, with people living in apartments above the buildings, storefronts being cleaned up and more people in general out and about.
“There's a lot of enthusiasm for downtown. … It's fun to watch that happen,” he says.
Amy Reinhart, downtown Main Street manager with Seneca Industrial and Economic Development Corp., says the facade program was a “fantastic catalyst” to the resurgence of downtown Tiffin, adding Heritage Ohio has called it the best facade program in northwest Ohio. However, she feels the area's growth can also be attributed to the city joining the Ohio Main Street program in December 2015 and becoming a nationally accredited Main Street city in March of this year. Operating under Heritage Ohio, the program takes a comprehensive approach toward revitalization including design, marketing, business enhancement and operations.
A few other new or nearly new businesses in downtown Tiffin include:
• FroZone Frozen Yogurt: Think Sweet Frog, but without all the neon. This classy-looking self-service frozen yogurt shop is located inside the Laird Arcade and is a favorite among kids of all ages.
• Joanie's Trash To Treasures: A thrift shop located at 181 S. Washington St., you'll find a little bit of everything here. Best of all, proceeds are used to help community members in need. Charitable donations can be dropped off during store hours.
• Put-N-Pita: This Greek restaurant is located inside the Laird Arcade and spreads delicious smells throughout the entire three-level building. The gyro meat is packed around a spool and cooked rotisserie-style, as is tradition.
• Simply Susan's: Located at 70 S. Washington St., these women's clothing boutique also offers handmade chocolates (think Dietsch's, minus the ice cream) and Ohio- and Tiffin-themed clothing items, along with crafting and scrapbooking supplies with regular art classes held in the back room.
• Washington Street Outfitters: This impossibly cool boutique sells clothing for men and women at prices the college kids can actually afford. Also on sale in the two-story Laird Arcade shop are jewelry and other accessories, housewares and, of course, vinyl.
Griteman: 419-427-8477
Send an E-mail to brennagriteman
Twitter: @BrennaGriteman
Discover Tiffin! this summer
There's no shortage of summertime fun to be had in downtown Tiffin, as listed by Discover Tiffin!
Here are a few things to look forward to through the end of August:
• Party in the Garden at Grammes-Brown House: 1-4 p.m. Sunday and Monday
• Seneca County Farmers Market, 100 S. Washington St.: 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 24; July 8 and 22; Aug. 12 and 26
• Beer Tasting and Tap Takeover at Phat Cakes: 6 p.m. June 24, July 29 and Aug. 26
• Farm to Table Dinner at Empire 138, 138 S. Washington St.: June 28; July 12 and 26; Aug. 16 and 30
• St. Joseph Festival at St. Joseph Church: 3-11 p.m. July 8; 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. July 9
• Monty Python's “Spamalot,” at The Ritz Theatre: 7:30 p.m. July 14, 15 and 22; 2 p.m. July 22
• Simply Susan's Painting on the Patio at Clover Club: 7 p.m. July 19
• Pizza Palooza and Family Movie Night: 6 p.m. July 22
• Downtown Garage Sale: 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Aug. 12
• Tiffin Music & Art Festival: 6 p.m. to midnight Aug. 25; 9 a.m. to noon Aug. 26.
To stay up to date on all that's happening, visit TiffinOhio.org or download the Discover Tiffin! app.
Comments
comments
YouTube
There are few people in professional wrestling more respected than William Regal (Lord Steven Regal, if you're nasty). The general manager and one of the faces and masterminds behind WWE's NXT brand has been everywhere and has done it all, but spent the vast majority of his wrestling career playing pompous stuffed shirts or dastardly bruises. As such, it's not often that Regal — either the person or the character — really gets a chance to cut loose.
Thankfully, Regal is currently on a house show tour with NXT on the west coast, and when the show stopped by Sacramento, California, Regal not only got to cut loose, but he got to cut a rug. He was welcoming the crowd back from intermission when the familiar strains of No Way Jose's theme song broke in. And as everyone knows, it's nearly impossible to not move your body to No Way Jose's theme song. Generally in an incredibly sensual manner.
William Regal is only human.
The Rolling Stones
While they still haven't released a record of original material in quite some time, The Rolling Stones have treated their fans to an enormous treasure-trove of live-recorded material over the past several years as part of their “From The Vault” series. Legendary shows from their different runs throughout the 1960s, '70s, and '80s have been cleaned up and re-issued on vinyl and through digital medium to the lasting delight of their truest acolytes. Now, today, the band has gone back deeper than ever before, announcing the release of a new album titled On Air, that collects some of their earliest live recordings made while guests on several different BBC programs.
On Air is stretched out to 18 tracks total — 32 on the deluxe edition — and captures their performances on shows like Saturday Club, The Joe Loss Pop Show, Blues in Rhythm, Top Gear and Yeah Yeah between October 1963 and September 1965. Eight of the songs on the collection have never been commercially released before.
All of the recordings have been cleaned up and mixed through a process called “audio source separation,” whereby “engineers at Abbey Road [gained] access to the original instrumentation and voices within each track, so that they could be rebuilt, rebalanced and remixed to achieve a fuller, more substantial sound,” the Stones rep explained.
On Air is set to drop on December 1st. You can-pre-order it here and check out the full tracklist below.
On Air Track List
1. “Come On” Saturday Club, 26 October 1963
2. “(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction” Saturday Club, 18 September 1965
3. “Roll Over Beethoven” Saturday Club, 26 October 1963
4. “The Spider And The Fly” Yeah Yeah, 30 August 1965
5. “Cops And Robbers” Blues in Rhythm, 9 May 1964
6. “It's All Over Now” The Joe Loss Pop Show, 17 July 1964
7. “Route 66” Blues in Rhythm, 9 May 1964
8. “Memphis, Tennessee” Saturday Club, 26 October 1963
9. “Down The Road Apiece” Top Gear, 6 March 1965
10. “The Last Time” Top Gear, 6 March 1965
11. “Cry To Me” Saturday Club, 18 September 1965
12. “Mercy, Mercy” Yeah Yeah, 30 August 1965
13. “Oh! Baby (We Got A Good Thing Goin')” Saturday Club, 18 September 1965
14. “Around And Around” Top Gear, 23 July 1964
15. “Hi Heel Sneakers” Saturday Club, 18 April 1964
16. “Fannie Mae” Saturday Club, 18 September 1965
17. “You Better Move On” Blues in Rhythm, 9 May 1964
18. “Mona” Blues In Rhythm, 9 May 1964
Bonus Tracks (Deluxe)
19. “I Wanna Be Your Man” Saturday Club, 8 February 1964
20. “Carol” Saturday Club, 18 April 1964
21. “I'm Moving On” The Joe Loss Pop Show, 10 April 1964
22. “If You Need Me” The Joe Loss Pop Show, 17 July 1964
23. “Walking The Dog” Saturday Club, 8 February 1964
24. “Confessin' The Blues” The Joe Loss Pop Show, 17 July 1964
25. “Everybody Needs Somebody To Love” Top Gear, 6 March 1965
26. “Little By Little” The Joe Loss Pop Show, 10 April 1964
27. “Ain't That Loving You Baby” Rhythm And Blues, 31 October 1964
28. “Beautiful Delilah” Saturday Club, 18 April 1964
29. “Crackin' Up” Top Gear, 23 July 1964
30. “I Can't Be Satisfied” Top Gear, 23 July 1964
31. “I Just Want to Make Love To You” Saturday Club, 18 April 1964
32. “2120 South Michigan Avenue” Rhythm and Blues, 31 October 1964
Former "The Bachelor" contestant Corinne Olympios on Wednesday broke her silence about the incident that allegedly took place on the set of "Bachelor in Paradise" earlier this month.
The reality TV star confirmed in a statement to ABC News on Wednesday afternoon that she was a part of the incident that prompted Warner Brothers, the studio behind the show, to suspend production and launch an investigation into allegations of misconduct.
Though she did not delve into details, Olympios explained that she's piecing together what happened and is in therapy to "begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma" that she sustained while in Mexico for the show.
She also said that she has retained an attorney to "obtain justice."
“I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4. Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production," she said. "As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality."
A representative for Warner Brothers did not immediately respond to a request for comment. A representative for ABC, the network on which the show airs, referred a request for comment to Warner Brothers, as the incident deals with production.
On Sunday afternoon, Warner Brothers released a statement confirming that production on season four of the show had been suspended as a result of "allegations of misconduct," and "appropriate responsive action" would be taken following a "thorough investigation."
Two days later, Chris Harrison, the host of the "Bachelor" franchise, urged fans to "be patient" and apologized for "any inconvenience and disappointment" caused by the show's suspension.
"The safety and care of the cast and crew of our show is of the utmost importance to us. It is with this thought in mind that we made the decision to suspend filming," he said. "Out of respect to all involved, there's only so much I can and will say at this time. Normally with a situation like this I would not say anything until the incident is fully resolved, but with all the rumors and misinformation being put out there I don't find that to be possible anymore."
"I know in this day and age we want and even expect immediate answers but in this case it's just not possible," Harrison continued. "I will keep you as informed and up to date as I possibly can."
Last week, ABC released the names of several "Bachelor in Paradise" contestants. In addition to Olympios, several women from the last season of "The Bachelor" had signed up.
At this point baseball fans shouldn't really be amazed by anything the Cleveland Indians do. Not after their magical run to the World Series last season. Not after their 22-game winning streak this year.
But here we are, two games into the Indians' American League Division Series against the New York Yankees and the Indians have twice proven themselves amazing.
In Game 2, the Indians pulled off a dramatic comeback to overcome a disastrous start by ace Corey Kluber. It took 13 innings, two clutch homers and a dazzling extra-innings pick-off, but the Indians ultimately won 9-8 to take a 2-0 series lead and complete the biggest postseason comeback in franchise history.
Francisco Lindor hit a sixth-inning grand slam to turn a 8-3 game into a 8-7 nail-biter. Then Jay Bruce hit a solo dinger in the eighth to make it 8-8. And the final blow came when Yan Gomes singled home Austin Jackson.
This was not without controversy. In the 11th, the Yankees got a leadoff single by Todd Frazier, who advanced to second on an error. Pinch runner Ronald Torreyes took Frazier's place, but was picked off second on a laser throw from Yan Gomes and a swift tag from Lindor. Torreyes was called safe on the field, but was ruled out after a replay review. Instead of a runner at second with nobody out, the Yankees had to start all over.
Francisco Lindor celebrates after hitting a grand slam in the sixth inning of ALDS Game 2. (AP) More
In the sixth, before Lindor's homer, Yankees reliever Chad Green hit Lonnie Chisenhall with a pitch to load the bases. Or did he? Yankees catcher Gary Sanchez seemed to think it hit the knob of Chisenhall's bat. The Yankees, however, opted not to challenge the ruling on the field and the Indians took full advantage of that decision.
NEW YORK (AP) — Comedy Central's Jordan Klepper is planning a slumber party for young activists pushing for action on gun control
Klepper plans to host Thursday's episode of his show, "The Opposition," from a bedroom of a private home in Bethesda, Maryland. That's where young people are gathering in preparation for Saturday's March For Our Lives on Washington to oppose gun violence.
Klepper took special interest in the issue even before he began hosting the show last fall. He did several stories on gun control when he was part of "The Daily Show."
He plans to stay in character, as a right-wing conspiracy theorist, as he interviews the activists.
In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks) are to be treated as variables.
TRAVERSE CITY, Mich. (AP) — Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder says an interstate partnership is being established to help strengthen defenses against invasive Asian carp in a Chicago-area waterway.
The initiative would help pay costs of upgrading the Brandon Road Lock and Dam near Joliet, Illinois, a key choke point between the carp-infested Illinois River and Lake Michigan.
A plan drafted by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers would spend $275 million on measures to block the carps' path, including an electric fish barrier, noisemakers and vessel cleansing devices.
Snyder says the interstate partnership would temporarily cover most of the costs of operating and maintaining the system — about $8 million a year.
He says Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin and the Canadian province of Ontario are taking part, while other Great Lakes states are invited to join.
Building a slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here are the big takeaways:
Business professionals could gain from wearing a wearable device, but some have more fitness features than business features.
Professionals should look for wearables with different ways to stay connected, basic activity tracking, and a fashion-forward look.
Wearables, like smartwatches and fitness trackers, are popular with business professionals, and for good reason. The devices can collect data and provide insights, allowing wearers to track their fitness and productivity to reach their goals faster.
But some devices may not work the best for business professionals. They may not have enough ways to stay connected in terms of communications, or they may be too focused on physical goals like meditation. And some may stand out too much for professionals in formal business attire to feel comfortable wearing them.
SEE: Wearable Device Policy (Tech Pro Research)
How to choose a wearable for business
Connectivity is the first thing to consider when selecting a wearable for business purposes. Some options can connect to a smartphone, while others work outside of a cellular network. Some professionals need constant access to business communication, and selecting a wearable that works in tandem with a smartphone can provide that.
Think about what you want to accomplish with your wearable. Do you want to just be able to see notifications, or do you need to be able to answer texts and emails as well? What about activity tracking? It can help you understand how you spend your hours to find ways to become more productive, or you can use it for fitness purposes as well.
Apps and integrations can be helpful for business professionals, so check out what is available. Some, especially ones connected to a smartphone, have multiple options, while others have fewer choices. Integrations can streamline things between your wearable and other devices, potentially making you more efficient. Apps can offer new ways to boost productivity.
Mindfulness features are also helpful, especially in high-stress jobs or industries. A sleep tracker can help understand if you're sleeping long or well enough.
Finally, looks aren't everything, but some wearables can stand out when worn with business attire. More wearables are adopting the look of traditional watches, with leather bands and sleek faces. A wearable won't do much if you don't wear it because of its look.
How to choose a wearable for fitness
First, you should consider if you want one device to carry from work to the gym, or if you want separate options. Some popular devices, like the Apple Watch, can work for both environments due to the amount of features and connectivity options.
Much like with business wearables, you need to consider what exactly the fitness tracker needs to do. Most will offer the same baseline metrics, but others offer more analytics. How much insight do you want into your workouts? Some only need simple step tracking, but someone trains for a marathon may need more detail.
In what physical environment are you going to use the device? Whatever the answer, the tracker should be ready. For example, if you're a swimmer, you obviously need a water-resistant device. Runners may want a device with a built-in GPS so they can track their runs.
You should also consider the tracker's connected app, if it has one. What analysis and insights can you get on the app? Does it have features to track food and water intake? Like with business wearables, integrations may also be important, so review the offerings.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Tech News You Can Use newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
Hundreds of protesters took to the streets in Richmond, Virginia on Sunday night chanting anti-Confederate slogans one day after a woman was killed during a protest in nearby Charlottesville.
ABC affiliate WRIC reported the protest took place on the Virginia Commonwealth University campus, where marchers stopped at a statue of Robert E. Lee and chanted "take down the monuments." One protester was arrested, according to Richmond police.
During the protest, a person also climbed a statue of J.E.B. Stuart and waved an anti-fascist flag, ABC8 reported.
Demonstrators continuing westbound toward Harrison. WB lanes blocked. #RVA pic.twitter.com/v098f4LUWd — Richmond Police (@RichmondPolice) August 14, 2017
The demonstrations came one day after a driver plowed into a group of anti-fascist protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia -- about an hour west of Richmond. Heather Heyer, 32, was killed and 19 others were injured in the ramming attack.
Police arrested James Alex Fields, 20, and charged him with second-degree murder in the incident.
The anti-fascist protesters had gathered on Saturday to counteract a white nationalist rally called "Unite the Right," attended by former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard David Duke and self-proclaimed "alt-right" leader Richard Spencer.
She had overdosed. Someone had brought her to the clinic in the middle of the night, authorities said, but when the clinic was closed, whoever brought her abandoned the car and left. They didn't call 911.
This month, the Grand Forks Police Department put out a reminder that those using and possessing drugs who are present at the time of an overdose will not be prosecuted if they call and cooperate with first responders.
In North Dakota and Minnesota, Good Samaritan laws are on the books that give immunity to those who call in drug overdoses if the caller remains on scene until first responders arrive and cooperate with medical services and law enforcement. The person must be in need of emergency medical services. Up to three people can be granted immunity.
The law also applies to people overdosing from alcohol consumption.
"We want people to be focused on saving a life," said Lt. Jeremy Moe with the special resource bureau.
In 2016, Grand Forks Police responded to 28 calls for overdoses. Three of them were fatal.
State Sen. Howard Anderson Jr., R-Turtle Lake, was a sponsor of the Good Samaritan laws that passed in North Dakota in 2015. The former director of the North Dakota Board of Pharmacy, Anderson said he wanted to sponsor the law to give people a better chance to survive. Information provided by companions can be key to successful care.
"It's hard to find out what they took or what the situation is, so by the time doctors get a chance to figure out what it is, it's too late," Anderson said.
In the process of passing the law, legislators heard testimony from a man whose companions had abandoned him in a dumpster, thinking he'd overdosed, Anderson said.
But too few people know about the law, Anderson said. He also believes law enforcement have been overzealous in pressing charges against people, despite the law.
"They're using the Good Samaritan laws as an excuse to charge people because, obviously, if I gave you drugs, then I'm guilty of providing them for you. It's like a sale even if I gave it to you free," he said. "So we need a little better education with police. If you're trying to save somebody's life for crying out loud, back off a little bit. Catch the crook the next time."
Anderson said users speak to one another, and if law enforcement is too aggressive, it might deter people from calling for help.
Grand Forks Police said they were not aware of any specific incidents in town where immunity had been granted based on the Good Samaritan laws.
Forum News Service contributed to this article.
TARRYTOWN, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — The new Tappan Zee Bridge does not open for nearly two weeks, but it has already seen some unwanted traffic.
As CBS2's Brian Conybeare reported, three daredevils are now facing criminal charges for sneaking onto the span last month. Their own video posted online is what got them caught.
“I'm going to be climbing and exploring a bridge that still under construction,” one of the teens says in the video while sitting in a dark room.
The Westchester teen brazenly talks about trespassing on the new Tappan Zee Bridge, and then heads out just before 4 a.m. with two friends from Yonkers and Tuckahoe to do just that in a video posted to YouTube on July 13.
They apparently sneak through a local boatyard, jump a fence, and walk down the Metro-North Railroad tracks in Tarrytown. Afterward, they climb through a hole in a security fence and somehow find a construction later.
Suddenly, they are right on top of the brand new $3.9 million bridge, even climbing inside what appears to be the 419-foot-tall main span towers.
“Yo, that's such a nice view — look at that!” one of the teens says in the video.
But then, someone from the private contractor Tappan Zee Constructors' security team apparently spots them. They take off running and get away, at least temporarily.
New York State Police confirmed all three boys were arrested early on Aug. 3 – weeks after the video was posted. Their names have not been released because of their ages, but the incident has raised concerns at what is supposed to be a secure construction site.
“To restate the obvious, that was a serious security lapse,” said state Assemblyman Tom Abinanti (D-Greenburgh).
Abinanti noted that the new 3.1-mile twin-span bridge has been designated an infrastructure project of national significance by the Department of Homeland Security, requiring extra protections.
“If they can't keep three teenagers from climbing up on the bridge, how can we be sure that they're going to keep terrorists away from the bridge?” Abinanti said.
No one from TZC would answer CBS2's questions on cameras, but spokesman Damien LaVera said in a statement: “The safety and security of the project site are top priorities…. After gathering evidence, we turned the matter over to the State Police, who quickly made arrests.”
There are surveillance cameras, “no trespassing” signs, and 24-hour security onsite, but it took the teens' own YouTube video to catch them.
The three teens are all charged with criminal trespass and due in court in August. They could all get up to three months in jail.
A security review is also under way at the bridge.
Magic Leap just announced a preview of its software development kit and "creator portal," which will offer resources for people who want to build for its yet-unreleased Magic Leap One headset . You can now download a preview build of the Unreal or Unity engines, designed for what Magic Leap dubs "spatial computing." This is one of Magic Leap's juiciest announcements, marking one of the secretive company's first steps toward establishing itself as an open platform. It also may be a sign that the company is finally close to releasing hardware. The Verge reports:
MANCHESTER, N.H. (CBSNewYork/AP) — Unveiling a long-awaited plan to combat the national scourge of opioid drug addiction, President Donald Trump called Monday for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including embracing a tactic employed by some of the global strongmen he admires: the death penalty.
“Toughness is the thing that they most fear,” Trump said.
The president traveled to New Hampshire, a state ravaged by opioids and which is also an early marker for the re-election campaign he has already announced. The president called for broadening awareness about drug addiction while expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts, but the backbone of his plan is to toughen the punishment for those caught trafficking highly addictive drugs.
“This isn't about nice anymore,” Trump said. “This is about winning a very, very tough problem and if we don't get very tough on these dealers it's not going to happen folks … I want to win this battle.”
The president formalized what he had long mused about publicly and privately: that if a person in the U.S. can get the death penalty or life in prison for shooting one person, a similar punishment should be given to a drug dealer who potentially kills thousands.
Trump has long spoken approvingly about countries like Singapore that have fewer issues with drug addiction because they harshly punish their dealers. During a trip to Asia last fall, he did not publicly rebuke Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, who authorized extrajudicial killings of his nation's drug dealers.
Outside a local firehouse that Trump visited before the speech, someone compared the leaders with a sign that said: “Donald J. Duterte.”
“Drug traffickers kill so many thousands of our citizens every year,” Trump said. “That's why my Department of Justice will be seeking so many tougher penalties than we've ever had and we'll be focusing on the penalties that I talked about previously for big pushers, the ones that are killing so many people, and that penalty is going to be the death penalty.”
He added: “Other countries don't play games. … But the ultimate penalty has to be the death penalty.”
The Justice Department said the federal death penalty is available for limited drug-related offenses, including violations of the “drug kingpin” provisions in federal law.
It is not clear if the death penalty, even for traffickers whose product causes multiple deaths, would be constitutional.
Opioids, including prescription opioids, heroin and synthetic drugs such as fentanyl, killed more than 42,000 people in the U.S. in 2016, more than any other year on record, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Trump has declared that fighting the epidemic is a priority for the administration, but critics say the effort has fallen short.
Last October, the president declared the crisis a national public health emergency, short of the national state of emergency sought by a presidential commission he put together to study the issue.
Trump called for a nationwide public awareness campaign, which he announced in October, to scare kids away from dabbling in drugs. He announced a new website, http://www.crisisnextdoor.gov , where members of the public can share stories about the dangers of opioid addiction.
Trump said the administration will work to cut the number of opioid prescriptions that are filled by one-third within three years.
The president also discussed how his policies, including a U.S.-Mexico border wall and punishing “sanctuary” cities that refuse to comply with federal immigration authorities, would help reduce the flow of drugs and help end the addiction epidemic.
Monday was Trump's first visit as president to New Hampshire, which has long occupied a special place in his political rise. He captured his first Republican presidential primary here in 2016, though he narrowly lost in the general election to Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Trump's appearance came as the White House announced an addition to the president's legal team in the Russia investigation.
Joseph diGenova, a former United States attorney for the District of Columbia, is scheduled to join the team later this week.
DiGenova has been outspoken in his defense of Trump. He has publicly discussed what he believes is a “brazen plot” to exonerate Hillary Clinton in the email investigation and to “frame” Trump with a “falsely created crime.”
DiGenova's addition comes at a sensitive moment in special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia probe, as Trump's attorneys weigh whether Trump should submit to an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller and under what terms.
DiGenova will work with Trump's other lawyers in the Russia investigation, John Dowd and Jay Sekulow.
Trump drew criticism last year after leaked transcripts of a telephone conversation with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto showed he had described New Hampshire as a “drug-infested den.” The Washington Post published the transcripts.
Though the 2020 election is more than 30 months away, early jockeying is already happening in states that play an outsized early role in choosing a party's nominee. Retiring Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., a persistent Trump critic, visited New Hampshire, which holds the nation's first presidential primary, last week. He told Republicans someone needs to stop Trump — and it could be him if no one steps up.
Meanwhile, the president's daughter, White House senior adviser Ivanka Trump, spent Monday discussing infrastructure and workplace development in Iowa, which traditionally holds the first presidential nominating caucus.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Former “Smallville” actor Allison Mack is being released on bond after being charged in New York with sex trafficking and forced labor conspiracy charges related to the secretive NXIVM group.
Mack was picked up by federal authorities at her Brooklyn apartment last week. Prosecutors say she helped recruit sex slaves for leader Keith Raniere and his cult-like organization NXIVM, pronounced “Nexium.”
The former celebrity face of the self-improvement group is being released to stay with her parents in California. Her defense lawyers Sean Buckley and William McGovern of the law firm Kobre & Kim previously had entered a plea of not guilty on her behalf in a Brooklyn courtroom.
Raniere, 57, was the leader of a secretive group accused of coercing female followers into having sex and getting branded with his initials.
WEB EXTRA: Read The Indictment (.pdf)
A core group of disciples was drawn to Raniere, including actresses, wealthy heiresses and a son of a former president of Mexico. His followers were known as “Nxians,” and were “encouraged to pay for additional [NXIVM] classes and to recruit others to take classes in order to rise within the ranks of NXIVM,” prosecutors said.
Proscutors said NXIVM “maintains features of a pyramid scheme.” They allege Raniere created a secret society within NXIVM called “DOS,” in which “masters” held “slaves.” All members of the DOS group except for Raniere, who was at the top of the Master/Slave group, prosectors said.
“Many DOS slaves were branded on their pelvic areas using a cauterizing pen with a symbol which, unbeknownst to them, incorporated Raniere's initials,” prosecutors said. “During the branding ceremonies, slaves were required to be fully naked, and a master would order one slave to film the branded while the others restrained the slave being branded.”
Mack allegedly “required her slaves… to engage in sexual activity with Raniere.”
Raniere and Mack each face a minimum of 15 years in prison and could get life if convicted.
In March, federal authorities raided an upstate New York residence near Albany where NXIVM was headquartered. The organization also ran programs in Mexico.
Raniere's followers included Clare and Sara Bronfman, heiresses to the Seagram liquor fortune, and Emiliano Salinas Occelli, son of former Mexican president Carlos Salinas de Gortari, who with a business partner controlled the Raniere-linked Executive Success Programs in Mexico.
Catherine Oxenberg, who once starred on “Dynasty,” became connected to the group when she attended a meeting with her daughter several years ago. She has said she was turned off by it but her daughter remained a devotee.
Founded in 1998, NXIVM promoted Raniere's teachings as a kind of mystical, executive coaching designed to help people get the most out of life. Enrollees in its Executive Success Programs paid handsomely for his advice, but the organization also drew criticism from people who likened it to a cult.
Last year, the accusations took a new twist, with women who were part of the DOS subgroup coming forward to say that they had been physically branded near their pelvises with a surgical tool against their will.
“This is just the beginning of what needs to happen to stop the reign of terror that Keith Raniere and NXIVM has,” said Raniere's ex-girlfriend Toni Natalie.
Raniere's lawyer, Marc Agnifilo, previously said his client is innocent.
“The facts will show that Raniere didn't compel or pressure anyone to do anything and that everyone was acting in accordance with his or her free will at every instant,” he said.
by Brian Nelli, Contributing Writer
Inshore Report
Pompano, bluefish, jacks and Spanish mackerel become more of the focus in January. I like to target areas near the inlets like the mouth of the Loxahatchee River in Jupiter and Sailfish Flats in Stuart. The deeper channels and sand flats make them ideal locations for the fish to swim in and out with the tides. Try working the edges of these channels with goofy jigs, small buck tails and DOA jerk baits. This time of year brings cold air and wind which in turn creates wet conditions on the kayak. Having a pair of waders to keep you dry and warm in the chop is highly recommended.
Offshore Report
January is considered one of the best months to target sailfish. As always winter months are very weather dependent. There are typically only a handful of days during this month that the weather will allow you to get in the ocean without rolling your kayak in the process. Choose your days wisely and be sure to have all safety equipment on board. Sailfish prefer smaller baits like smaller goggle eyes and pilchards. Keeping them up top on the surface and frisky is your best bet. Check us out Pushin' Water Kayak Charters on Facebook, Instagram and Youtube for all the latest adventures my clients and I get into.
MOSCOW (AP) — After a decade of duopoly, the FIFA-run vote to crown soccer's best player finally seems open to third parties after Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo left the World Cup early.
Neymar must help Brazil lift the trophy next week if he wants to join the greats, according to the World Cup winner who first took home FIFA's top individual award.
Cutting out the play-acting would also help Neymar win votes, 1990 World Cup winner Lothar Matthaeus said Wednesday.
"We need players like Neymar," said the former West Germany captain, who won the inaugural FIFA world player award in 1991. "But not with this acting what he was doing now in each game."
A debate about Neymar faking injury and overreacting to tackles is polarizing opinion between European outrage and Brazilian defense.
Former England forward Alan Shearer called Neymar's behavior "absolutely pathetic" in a British broadcast Monday. Neymar's theatrics distracted from Brazil's 2-0 win over Mexico that took the five-time champion into the quarterfinals.
"The criticism is nonsense," Brazil great Ronaldo told reporters Wednesday. "I am against all these opinions you mentioned. I don't think referees have been protecting him enough."
Ronaldo, a three-time winner of FIFA's best player award, and Matthaeus spoke at a briefing about the individual accolade that Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have won five times each in the past decade.
With Portugal and Argentina both leaving Russia in the round of 16, the award seems open for a new winner to emerge.
"Sure, Neymar — when he will win the World Cup," said Matthaeus. "You have to win titles with your team."
Ronaldo and Messi arrived in Russia after Real Madrid won a third straight Champions League title and Barcelona won La Liga. Neymar's absence since February with a foot injury was barely a blip for Paris Saint-Germain's procession to win the French league.
"It's easy to win the title in France," Matthaeus said. "For me, Neymar this season, he did not show until now he can be the best."
The German great picked out another PSG star, Kylian Mbappe of France, England captain Harry Kane and Croatia captain Luka Modric as potential candidates for the FIFA award when voting opens July 23.
The winner announced in London on Sept. 24 is judged by a vote by national team coaches and captains, plus media from FIFA's 211 member countries, and fans voting online. It is separate from the Golden Ball given to the World Cup's best player.
Ronaldo singled out Neymar as a potential winner — noting that he himself won the FIFA award after an injury-hit season that peaked with Brazil's World Cup title. Ronaldo's eight goals in Japan and South Korea included both in the final, a 2-0 win over Germany.
"The results for Neymar with the national team are incredible and he's still not at his best," Ronaldo said.
Matthaeus suggested an 11th year of Messi-Ronaldo dominance is likely.
"I give them maybe one or two years more," he said, "then there will come a change for this award."
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Is there a Broadway blight going on? Perhaps you've noticed the abundance of empty stores up and down Manhattan.
As CBS2's Hazel Sanchez reported, vacant storefronts have become a familiar sight all around the city.
Manhattan Borough President Gale Brewer is making it her business to find out why no one is leasing the space, and what can be done about it.
“Those are the heart and soul of your neighborhood. And I think when they're empty for a long period of time you feel depressed,” she said.
Brewer organized a group of volunteers who surveyed Broadway from Battery Park to Inwood, and identified 188 empty street level store fronts within the 244 blocks.
Vacancies the borough president believes are killing the vitality of neighborhoods.
“You often have stores nearby that then don't have the level of business because people tend not to visit a store when there's a whole bunch of vacancies,” she said.
Some blame online retailers and high rents for the mass vacancies.
A recent report by the Real Estate Board of New York or REBNY showed landlords are reacting.
The average asking rents have gone down in 14 of 17 high-profile corridors like Broadway in SoHo where there are plenty of empty shops.
Despite all the unoccupied space, REBNY said on average the commercial market is actually strong.
It might not make sense, but experts said it's the norm.
Some neighborhoods are doing well — Broadway landlords from Battery Park to Chambers were able to raise their average asking rents for ground floor retail space from $326 per square foot in the spring of 2016 to $362 in spring of this year.
“In a city as large as New York where we have almost 8-million people it's not unusual that we have a vacancy rate of about 7 percent which the borough president points out,” REBNY President John Banks said.
Brewer is working on legislation that would penalize landlords who keep property vacant for long periods of time.
The Real Estate Board of New York said it would oppose any legislation that would force landlords to rent out their property or face a penalty.
John Oliver has trolled his way to the top.
The HBO host's spoof of a new picture book by the wife and daughter of Vice President Mike Pence was No. 1 on Amazon.com and out of stock as of midday Monday.
"Marlon Bundo's Day in the Life of a Vice President" is a tribute to the Pence family's beloved rabbit. It was written by the vice president's daughter, Charlotte Pence, and illustrated by his wife, Karen Pence. Oliver's book, which he announced over the weekend, is called "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Presents a Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo." The story is the same, almost: This Marlon Bundo has fallen for a male bunny.
"There are a few small differences between the two books," Oliver said on his show, noting Pence's opposition to gay marriage and other LGBTQ rights. "This is a sweet story about Marlon Bundo falling in love."
Published by Chronicle Books, the parody was written by "Last Week" contributor Jill Twiss and illustrated by EG Keller. Proceeds are being donated to The Trevor Project, a suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth, and AIDS United.
It's not the only current best-seller inspired by the Trump administration. No. 2 on Amazon was James Comey's "A Higher Loyalty," the upcoming memoir by the FBI director fired last year by President Donald Trump. At No. 3 on Monday was "Russian Roulette," in which Michael Isikoff and David Corn investigate Trump's alleged ties to Russia.
The Pence book, meanwhile is a best-seller, too, ranked No. 11 on Amazon.
TOP STORY:
SOC--ENGLISH ROUNDUP
MANCHESTER, England — Manchester United and Chelsea couldn?t afford any slip-ups if they were to have even the slightest chance of catching Manchester City in the final months of the Premier League. By Steve Douglas. SENT: 707 words, photos.
NEW/DEVELOPING:
SOC--EUROPE-TRANSFERS
The Premier League had already spent a record amount in the January transfer window before the likes of Arsenal and Chelsea added to their squads on the final day. By Rob Harris. UPCOMING: 700 words by 0100 GMT, photos.
CAR--F1-WOMEN ON GRID
PARIS — There will be no more "grid girls" before Formula One races and no more "podium girls" celebrating with the drivers after them. By Jerome Pugmire. SENT: 387 words, photos.
GYM--DOCTOR-SEXUAL ASSAULT
CHARLOTTE, Michigan — Another wave of victims confronted Larry Nassar on Wednesday, this time about sexual abuse at an elite Michigan gymnastics club where young athletes felt they had to use the disgraced doctor's services and could not question the adults who ran the facility. By David Eggert. SENT: 868 words, photos, video.
OLY--RUSSIAN DOPING-PUTIN
MOSCOW — Russian President Vladimir Putin has told the country's athletes to forget about doping scandals when they compete at the Pyeongchang Olympics. SENT: 387 words, photos.
FOOTBALL:
SOC--SPANISH ROUNDUP
MADRID — Leganes boosted its chances of reaching the Copa del Rey final for the first time by salvaging a 1-1 draw against Sevilla on Wednesday, netting the equalizer after a mistake by Sevilla goalkeeper Sergio Rico. By Tales Azzoni. SENT: 164 words, photos.
SOC--ITALIAN ROUNDUP
MILAN — AC Milan drew 0-0 at home to Lazio in the first leg of their Italian Cup semifinal on Wednesday and could be left counting the cost of an embarrassing miss by Hakan Calhanoglu. SENT: 322 words, photos.
SOC--FRENCH ROUNDUP
PARIS — First-half goals from Radamel Falcao sent Monaco back into the League Cup final after a 2-0 home win against Montpellier on Wednesday. SENT: 297 words, photos.
SOC--GERMANY TRANSFERS
BERLIN — Borussia Dortmund dominated the end of the transfer window in Germany with a flurry of activity that saw star striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang leave and Michy Batshuayi take his place on Wednesday. By Ciaran Fahey. SENT: 698 words, photos.
SOC--ITALY-TRANSFERS
MILAN — Roma was the only one of the top-five Serie A clubs to make a major signing as the Italian transfer window closed on Wednesday, with the capital club bringing in Argentina left back Jonathan Silva on loan from Sporting Lisbon. By Daniella Matar. SENT: 346 words, photos.
SOC--SPAIN-TRANSFERS
MADRID — Real Sociedad signed veteran Mexico defender Hector Moreno on a day without major transfers involving Spain's top clubs. By Tales Azzoni. SENT: 382 words, photos.
WINTER OLYMPICS:
OLY--LUG-GERMAN GREATNESS
There has never been a women's luge athlete who has won more World Cup medals than Natalie Geisenberger. The same goes for world championship medals, same goes for Olympic medals. Her resume is beyond compare. So she's the best ever to slide, right? "No," she says, adamantly. "I'm not the best." SENT: 801 words, photos.
TENNIS:
TEN--FED CUP-FRANCE
PARIS — Kristina Mladenovic, Pauline Parmentier and Amandine Hesse were named in France's Fed Cup team on Wednesday for the first-round match against Belgium. SENT: 267 words.
TEN--ST PETERSBURG LADIES TROPHY
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia — Petra Kvitova advanced to the second round of the St. Petersburg Ladies Trophy on Wednesday, and Caroline Garcia was eliminated. SENT: 82 words.
GOLF:
GLF--PHOENIX OPEN
SCOTTSDALE, Arizona — Phil Mickelson and Jon Rahm will get the party started early Thursday in the Waste Management Phoenix Open. By John Nicholson. SENT: 752 words.
Other Stories:
— HKO--Kladno-Jagr. Jaromir Jagr signs contract with his Czech hometown club. SENT: 206 words.
YOUR QUERIES: Questions and story requests are welcome. Contact your local AP bureau or the AP International Sports Desk in London by telephone at +44 207 427 4224 or email lonsports@ap.org.
A self-driving Uber car hit and killed a pedestrian Sunday night in Tempe, Arizona, police said, in what appears to be the first case of a pedestrian death caused by an autonomous vehicle.
Interested in Uber? Add Uber as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Uber news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The vehicle was in "autonomous mode at the time of the collision, with a vehicle operator behind the wheel," Tempe police said in a statement.
ABC15 Arizona
The female pedestrian, identified as 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg, was walking her bicycle across the street outside the crosswalk when she was struck, police said, adding that an investigation is ongoing.
She died of her injuries at a hospital.
Natalie Behring/Reuters, FILE
There were no passengers in the Uber vehicle.
In a statement to ABC News, Uber said, "Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."
In the wake of the crash, Uber has suspended its self-driving operations in San Francisco, Pittsburgh, Phoenix and Toronto, the ridesharing service said.
Editor's note: An earlier version of this story misidentified the women. She was walking her bike across the street when hit, police said.
Anthony DeVito is a comedian probably best known for his appearances on numerous late night shows over the years. You may have also known him from Adam Devine's House Party and This American Life. Tonight, DeVito's standup will be featured on Comedy Central's Comedy Central Stand-Up Presents. He was nice enough to participate in our twenty questions questionnaire series recently.
1. You walk into a bar. What do you order from the bartender?
I love a White Russian. Anytime you can mix alcohol with milk you're heading in the right direction.
2. Who's your favorite person to follow-on Twitter and/or Instagram?
I'm not really big into Twitter. I like Instagram a lot, my favorite person on there is Ludacris. It's mainly pictures of him on vacation with Kevin Hart. But he hashtags everything “now, that's Ludacris.”
3. What's currently waiting for you on your DVR and/or streaming queue?
I'm a fan of The Sinner. Jessica Biel plays someone on trial for a murder she committed in plain sight. Her life makes me feel better about my own.
4. It's your last meal — what are you going out with?
I'd like a steak from this place in Paris. Can't remember the name, something French.
5. What websites do you visit on a regular basis?
I'm all over the dark web. All kinds of great sties on there. Can't name any for legal reasons.
6. What's the most frequently played song on your mobile device?
I think “Dorks” by Aesop Rock. I like listening to rap music while walking around NYC, seems to fit the hostile atmosphere.
7. If you could go back and give your 18-year-old self one piece of advice what would it be?
Adrien is going to break your heart, so sleep around more in college.
8. What's the last thing you Googled?
“Does the curly hair on Orthodox Jews come with the hat?”
9. Dogs or cats?
Dogs, I don't need the kind of judgment I get from cats. I'm already doing that to myself.
10. Best concert of your life was…?
I saw The National in Central Park a couple years back. When they played “Fake Empire,” as the trumpets kicked in, it was very cool. Also, Wyclef in college. The man's an entertainer.
11. What book are you most likely to give as a gift?
American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House. My Grandma got it for me a while ago, never been able to get rid of the thing. If anyone wants it, hit me up.
12. What's the nicest thing anyone's ever done for you?
Comedy Central gave me a half-hour special, which airs October 6th at midnight. That was so nice of them.
13. South Park or Family Guy?
South Park, but I like Family Guy. South Park is just more impressive. They're so fast, and original. It's like a time capsule. Rewatching the whole series is like reliving the past two decades.
14. You have an entire day to do whatever you want. What would you do?
I'd wake up around 10:30 am, get a coffee, read the paper, write jokes, then eat lunch. After that, it's about a six-hour Netflix break until I take a shower and do shows.
15. What movie can you not resist watching if it's on?
White Men Can't Jump or Demolition Man. Both are tremendous Wesley Snipes vehicles.
16. The sports team or teams you're most passionate about?
I'm most passionate about basketball. I was consumed by it as a kid, used to sleep with a ball in bed with me. Not anymore though, as an adult, my bed's not big enough.
17. Where did you eat the best meal of your life?
Galatoire's in New Orleans. It's an institution of a restaurant where you have to wear a blazer, and the waitstaff has white gloves on. Actually, they might not have them on, but that's how I remember it. A fancy joint.
18. The last movie you saw in a theater?
Ingrid Goes West, an indie kinda movie with Aubrey Plaza. It was great. My girlfriend and I were fighting, so it was a welcome respite before we got back into arguing.
19. Who was your first celebrity crush?
Kathy Ireland. And, it hasn't changed.
20. What would you cook if Nic Cage was coming to your house for dinner?
I'd make him my world famous “4th of July pasta.” It's just ice cubes covered in brown gravy.
PREVIOUSLY: Casey James Salengo
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Clinton girls 57 Karns 12: The Lady Dragons snapped their three-game losing skid by dominating the Lady Beavers from start to finish. Amaya Whitt led CHS (5-3, 1-3) with 18 points while Danyel Joy added 13. Karns lost its 36th consecutive game.
Karns boys 85 Clinton 72: Karns blew open a close game in the fourth quarter behind 33 points from Tee Hodge-Harper to win at Clinton. Luke Harrison scored 18 to lead Clinton (1-6, 1-3) while Daraon Jones added 17 for the Dragons.
Halls girls 63 Anderson County 34…Anderson County boys 64 Halls 55
Campbell County girls 54 Powell 40…Powell boys 68 Campbell County 34
(Chick-Fil-A East/West Classic at Chattanooga) Arlington girls 56 Oak Ridge 52…Fayette Ware boys 68 Oak Ridge 61
Rockwood girls 52 Harriman 48…Harriman boys 67 Rockwood 39
Sunbright girls 47 Oakdale 21…Oakdale boys 81 Sunbright 57
Wartburg girls 52 Oliver Springs 34…Wartburg boys 72 Oliver Springs 42
Oneida girls 57 Midway 46…Oneida boys 67 Midway 49
Saturday
(Chick-Fil-A East/West Classic at Chattanooga) Oak Ridge girls 60 Houston 55…Bolton boys 62 Oak Ridge 54
Former Justice Minister and Finance Minister Ya'akov Ne'eman will be brought to rest this afternoon.
The funeral procession will start form central Jerusalem at 12:00 and will proceed to the Mount of Olives cemetery.
Ne'eman passed away yesterday at age 77.
Major business and economic events scheduled for Thursday:
WASHINGTON — Commerce Department releases personal income and spending for April, 8:30 a.m.
WASHINGTON — Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m.
WASHINGTON — National Association of Realtors releases pending home sales index for April, 10 a.m.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. (AP) — Phil Mickelson and Jon Rahm will get the party started early Thursday in the Waste Management Phoenix Open.
The former Arizona State stars will begin play with Xander Schauffele on the 10th tee at TPC Scottsdale just before 8 a.m. They will hit the rowdy par-3 16th hours before the alcohol-fueled revelry kicks into high gear at the stadium hole. No matter the time, they'll hear plenty of "Forks up!" and "Go Devils!" cries from the gallery.
"Every time I go by, every hole, every single shot, I get cheers from someone from ASU," Rahm said. "When you miss a shot, you remember how many people you have pulling for you. And when you're playing good, it makes it that much more fun. It just escalates everything to a whole level of joy."
Two-time defending champion Hideki Matsuyama will be in the group directly ahead with Rickie Fowler and Webb Simpson, the players the Japanese star outlasted in playoffs the last two years.
"It's going to kind of be weird to play with them on Thursday and Friday," Matsuyama said.
On the other side of the draw, Jordan Spieth and Justin Thomas will join Patton Kizzire, the lone two-time winner this season.
"This is always a little different week, very exciting," Spieth said. "Nice change, kind of fun change with this kind of party crowd."
Rahm and Mickelson are playing together for the first time in the tournament and fourth time on the PGA Tour. Mickelson's brother, Tim, coached Rahm at Arizona State and was the Spaniard's agent. Tim Mickelson is now his older brother's caddie.
"He's always been a great friend and mentor to me," Rahm said about the 47-year-old Hall of Famer. "He's helped me out on everything he's been able to help me out on. Even in college and out of college. And we just have a lot of fun together. I love playing practice rounds with him, I love joking around with him."
Rahm won the CareerBuilder Challenge two weeks ago in a playoff in the California desert and was in contention last week in his title defense at Torrey Pines before fading on the weekend. The 23-year-old has jumped to No. 2 in the world behind Dustin Johnson.
"He'll get there (No. 1), eventually," Mickelson said. "He's so talented and to have him do it as quickly as he had right out of college, very impressive. Not only that, he's such a nice guy to be around."
Rahm was second behind Johnson at Kapalua in his first start since winning the European Tour's season-ending event in Dubai in November. He's making his third appearance in the tournament after tying for fifth as an amateur in 2015 and tying for 16th last year.
"I live a couple miles from here," Rahm said. "It's home."
Mickelson is making his 29th start in the event, matching the record held by Gene Littler, Jim Ferrier and Jerry Barber. Lefty won on the Stadium Course in 1996, 2005 and 2013.
"I just love what I do. I love playing golf for a living," Mickelson said. "I love the West Coast and I'm excited to be back here in Phoenix. The golf course is in great shape. We have got great weather. It's just a fun place to play, one of the places I look forward to every year."
The third-ranked Spieth took a quick trip to Cabo in Mexico to prepare after taking a break following Kapalua.
"They got the greens perfect for me at El Dorado," Spieth said. "The golf course is fantastic. It's desert golf, so it was good prep for here."
In the pro-am Wednesday, Spieth played with Green Bay quarterback Aaron Rodgers, and Thomas was with former Arizona Cardinals coach Bruce Arians.
"He spent a little time in Alabama, so we had that in common," Thomas said.
The fourth-ranked Thomas is using putting coach Matt Killen as his caddie with Jimmy Johnson sidelined by plantar fasciitis in his right foot.
"There are a lot of things I'm going to do differently on the putting green in practice than I do in tournaments, so he may be able to pick up on those things," Thomas said.
Johnson hopes to return in two weeks at Riviera.
"I didn't want him coming back too soon and then having to take another month off," Thomas said.
The fifth-ranked Matsuyama is trying to match Arnold Palmer's record of three straight victories. Palmer accomplished the feat from 1961-63.
"That would be something," Matsuyama said.
SOUTHBRIDGE, Mass. — Officials said a nurse was stabbed by an emergency room patient at a Massachusetts hospital and suffered serious injuries.
Worcester County District Attorney Joseph Early Jr. said 24-year-old Conor O'Regan attacked the nurse at Harrington Hospital on Wednesday morning.
Hospital officials said O'Regan had been through the registration process and was being directed for care.
ADVERTISEMENT
Early said O'Regan fled after the stabbing. Southbridge police apprehended him off-campus.
Authorities said the nurse was airlifted to UMass Medical Center where she's in critical but stable condition.
Authorities said O'Regan was charged with assault with intent to murder and aggravated assault and battery with a dangerous weapon.
The suspect would be arraigned Thursday in Central District Court in Worcester. It couldn't be determined Wednesday if he has been assigned a public defender./rga
ISTANBUL (AP) — The head of the Turkish soccer federation says the country will bid to host the 2024 European Championship.
Federation president Yildirim Demiroren says Turkey will formally submit its bid on March 2, its fourth effort to host the European Championship.
Turkey had bid to host the final games of Euro 2020 but later withdrew its application saying it would concentrate efforts on 2024.
Demiroren says "Turkey is the only country in Europe and in the world to have invested in 32 stadiums in the past few years ... We believe that this time, as the (federation) and the people, we deserve to win this."
The three-story building on Union Street in North Beach has been red-tagged and barricades have been set up to keep pedestrians away after a 4-alarm fire broke out Saturday night.The Building Department issued a notice of violation requesting that the owner provide an engineer's report within 24 hours and to brace the exterior brick walls as necessary under the direction of that engineer.Neighbors say firefighters responded quickly. We found Steve Lego who took this picture at 7:29 p.m. shortly after the first truck arrived."The way they attacked it, they were there, they were doing something, they seemed to know exactly what was going on. No one got hurt, my building didn't burn. Seems like a win to me," said Lego.But at least one city official has questioned the response of firefighters. Supervisor Aaron Peskin Saturday night said it took too long to put water on the fire."They completely, totally failed to address this working fire in a quick, efficient way," expressed Peskin while watching the fire.The President of the firefighters union explained what was happening when Supervisor Peskin arrived."He got there when we were going from an interior attack to an exterior attack, so it may have looked like we weren't putting water on the fire, but we were evacuating all of our members and setting up ladder-pipes. So to the untrained eye it may look like we weren't doing anything, but it's actually a very critical transition in the fire fight," said O'Conner." I think it was irresponsible for an elected official to try to tell them how to do their job and call for the resignation of the fire chief," said San Francisco Mayor Mark Farrell.Fire Chief Joanne Hayes-White was unavailable Monday and Peskin left a voice message on his cellphone saying he was out of town.
CBS Local — Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock reportedly booked two rooms at a hotel overlooking Lollapalooza two months before the massacre outside the Mandalay Bay Resort.
TMZ reports Paddock booked one room at the Blackstone Hotel, 636 S. Michigan Av., for Aug. 1 through Aug. 6. He later booked a second room for Aug. 3 through Aug. 6, the same days as Lollapalooza in Grant Park.
A police source tells CBS 2 that the Blackstone reservation tip was sent anonymously to investigators.
The Blackstone, a 21-story hotel, has windows overlooking Grant Park, including the stages where bands performed at Lollapalooza. An estimated 400,000 people, including former First Daughter Malia Obama, attended the four-day music festival in August.
According to TMZ, Paddock specifically requested rooms overlooking Grant Park, but he never showed up at the Blackstone.
Two months later, Paddock rented a room on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort, and opened fire on a country music festival on the Las Vegas Strip, killing 58 people and wounding hundreds more. He killed himself as police were preparing to enter his room.
Chicago Police Department spokesman Anthony Guglielmi would not confirm the TMZ report about Paddock's plans in Chicago, but said the department is aware of the report.
“We are aware of the media reports and have been in communication with our federal partners. As you saw earlier this week the city conducts extensive public safety planning and training around major events, in close coordination with our law enforcement partners, to ensure public safety,” he said.
We are aware of recent media reports concerning Chicago and the Blackstone hotel. Statement below: pic.twitter.com/IuI3otUYgc — Anthony Guglielmi (@AJGuglielmi) October 5, 2017
A Blackstone spokeswoman declined to comment.
Paddock also looked at rooms overlooking another concert a week before his rampage in Las Vegas. That festival featured Chicago's Chance The Rapper, who also performed at Lollapalooza on Aug. 5.
[H/T: CBS Chicago]
BEIJING (AP) — Prominent legal activist Yu Wensheng has been charged with inciting subversion of state power after writing a letter calling for democratic reforms, his lawyer said Monday.
Police informed Yu's wife of the charge on Saturday, lawyer Huang Hanzhong said. Inciting subversion is a vaguely worded charge often used to muzzle dissent.
Earlier this month, more than a dozen police officers grabbed Yu, a lawyer in Beijing, while he was waiting in his car to take his 13-year-old son to school. The seizure came a day after he posted a letter online calling on the ruling Communist Party to reform the Chinese Constitution and allow open presidential elections.
"The president, the head of state, is basically appointed without any meaningful election. It has no credibility for the country, for civil society and for countries across the world," Yu said in the letter.
Huang said police also took Yu's wife, Xu Yan, to the Shijingshan police station in Beijing on Saturday on the same charge, though they released her the next day.
Police searched Yu's home and office and seized computers, USB drives, cellphones and various files documenting cases that Yu had handled in recent years, Huang said.
Reached by phone, an official at the Shijingshan police station directed queries on Yu to its Xingucheng branch. An official at Xingucheng in turn referred questions back to the Shijingshan station.
Xu was told her husband's case would be handed over to a police bureau in the eastern city of Xuzhou in Jiangsu province for further investigation though no reason was provided, the lawyer said. Chinese authorities sometimes transfer politically sensitive cases to courts and prosecutors far from where the alleged offenses took place, moves activists say are intended to make it difficult for supporters to pressure the authorities.
Yu gained widespread attention after being detained for three months in 2014, during which he says he was tortured and questioned. He was detained again in 2015 but released after a day when his case received wide publicity.
An Entwistle woman is among three people police have charged after finding them in possession of a stolen vehicle in Wildwood, Alta.
On May 20, members of the Western Alberta District Crime Reduction Team were patrolling a rural area when they spotted a man who was wanted by RCMP and determined that man was in a stolen vehicle. RCMP attempted to make contact with the man, but he and two others in the vehicle fled from police.
Shortly thereafter, police located the vehicle again and arrested two of the occupants without incident. Adam James Barass, 33, of Yellowhead County was charged with possession of property obtained by crime over $5,000, possession of property obtained by crime under $5,000 and possession of break-in tools.
Megan Yuhasz, 34, of Entwistle, was charged with possession of property obtained by crime both over and under $5,000.
Barass was released on bail and will be in an Evansburg Provincial Court and Yuhasz was released on a recognizance with a court date scheduled for June 25 in Evansburg.
The third occupant, identified as Robert William Sherwood, 35, of Entwistle, managed to evade police despite Police Dog Services being brought into the area to assist with the search.
Sherwood is wanted on numerous charges, including eight new charges that stemmed from this incident. He has been charged with possession of property obtained by crime over $5,000, obstructing and resisting a peace officer, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle, breach of recognizance and four additional charges.
Sherwood is described as a slimly built, white male, standing 5'11” and weighing 146 lbs. Sherwood has blonde hair and green eyes.
RCMP is asking anyone with information on Sherwood's whereabouts to contact their local police or Crime Stoppers.
South Korea adds several North Korean groups and individuals to its sanctions list in a largely symbolic move that is part of efforts to cut off funding for the North's weapons programs. [Read More]
—–
Source: The Daily Star
Mayor Nir Barkat of Jerusalem told an international rabbinical conference on Monday, "You're all shareholders in Jerusalem. Your role around the world is critical." He cited their "ability to connect to the leadership, heads of state, leaders of opinion in the wider world, to convey the message of Zion to the world."
Barkat wished success to President-elect Donald Trump and expressed hope and belief that Trump would follow through on his pledge to move the United States embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
Poland's international isolation and political uncertainty at home deepened on Wednesday as a purge of the Supreme Court's justices took effect, with the chief justice defiantly refusing to step down.
First President Malgorzata Gersdorf arrived for work as usual at the court in Warsaw, vowing to continue her constitutionally mandated term, which runs through 2020. The court's judges support this view.
Thousands of anti-government protesters cheered Gersdorf on and vowed to defend the constitutional order and fight what they see as the erosion of their democratic system.
While she was allowed in to the modern glass Supreme Court building in Warsaw and oversaw a meeting with other judges, it was not clear how Gersdorf could continue in her role following a new law that lowers the mandatory retirement age to 65 from the previous 70.
Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the ruling party leader, said in an interview published Wednesday by the Gazeta Polska daily that the judges' "action" will result in their "shameful disaster." An adviser to President Andrzej Duda also insisted that Gersdorf has no choice but to step down.
Meanwhile, Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki faced a grilling in the European Parliament for what many European lawmakers see as Poland's violations of democratic standards with a broader overhaul of the judiciary that gives the ruling party vast political control over courts and judges.
Manfred Weber, a German member of the conservative European People's Party group, hailed Poland's great democratic legacy, praising the 10 million Poles who joined Solidarity in the struggle against communism in the 1980s.
"Their great achievement — a sovereign, democratic Poland — is at stake today," Weber said.
He also mentioned the ruling party's transformation of state media into a propaganda tool and the prosecution of peaceful anti-government protesters even as authorities have failed to act against nationalists who had attacked the protests.
Udo Bullmann, head of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats, praised Gersdorf for defending the Polish constitution, and criticized Morawiecki for dismantling "the last bastion of the judiciary in Poland."
Guy Verhofstadt, president of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats, said that putting judges under political control was reminiscent of Soviet practices and said Poland should abandon its "illiberal" illusions.
"I ask you personally, really, to turn the wheel and bring Poland back into the family of democratic nations," Verhofstadt told Morawiecki.
Morawiecki defended the changes the populist Law and Justice party has brought to the justice system, insisting his government is working to make judges more accountable to the democratic will of the people and that Poland's democracy "has never been as alive as it is today."
Though calm, he did not take the criticism well.
"We are a proud nation and we know the price of freedom," he said. "It is not good when proud nations are being lectured to by others, because that produces deadlocks."
Speaking later to reporters he insisted the forced retirements were "perfectly in line with the constitution."
In the debate that was to be dedicated to Europe's future, Morawiecki also got support from some who backed Warsaw's arguments that an overreaching EU was meddling in a sovereign state's internal affairs.
The new law lowers the mandatory retirement age from 70 to 65 for the Supreme Court justices. That forces Gersdorf, who is 65, and as many as one-third of the court's 73 sitting judges to step down, unless they obtain from the president a special permission to remain.
After having taken control of common courts and the constitutional court, Law and Justice now takes control of the top court, which handles appeals for all civil and criminal cases and authorizes election results.
Protesters expressed fears that the party will use its political sway over the court to falsify future elections.
"We have the right to live in a free country with a constitution," said Monika Czerniakowska, 50. She said once a government violates the constitution, "anything can happen. Look what's happening in Hungary. How far can we go?"
More protests were held late Wednesday in a number of cities and Lech Walesa, the legendary pro-democracy fighter and Solidarity leader in the 1980s, addressed the cheering crowd in front of the Supreme Court building.
"He who breaks the constitution and the division of powers is a criminal, they are criminals," he said.
"We must do everything to send these people away and vote to choose different people," Walesa said, apparently referring to the ruling party.
On Wednesday, 63 justices were working, meaning that 10 of the 27 covered by the new legislation have accepted their retirement under the new law, according to the court's press office.
"I still hope that the legal order will be restored in Poland," Gersdorf said as she arrived at the court.
The European Commission, which polices compliance with EU laws, opened an infringement procedure Monday against Poland over the Supreme Court law.
Government critics now are putting their hopes in the EU to preserve the rule of law in their homeland — a message that was reflected in the chants and slogans at the protest.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Former NBA forward Rasual Butler and his wife were killed in a single-vehicle rollover crash in Los Angeles.
The crash happened around 2:30 a.m. Wednesday in the Studio City area and left a swath of damage along a major thoroughfare.
Coroner's Assistant Chief Ed Winter says the 38-year-old Butler and 31-year-old Leah LaBelle Vladowski were pronounced dead at the scene. Autopsies are pending.
Butler was drafted in 2002 by the Miami Heat and played for a total of eight NBA teams including the Los Angeles Clippers, Chicago Bulls and San Antonio Spurs.
Butler's wife was an R&B singer signed to Epic Records. She placed 12th on the third season of "American Idol" in 2004.
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. He believes that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," he says. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about his sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped his challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed his radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so she feels somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like her would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
Getty Image
The basketball world was rocked on Tuesday night, when The Ringer published an explosive story indicating that Sixers executive Bryan Colangelo operated five burners Twitter accounts to criticize a laundry list of people that included players and the man he replaced, Sam Hinkie. There were a myriad of other allegations in the piece, including that Colangelo was using the accounts to subtly reveal sensitive information that only someone of his stature would know.
Even Joel Embiid seemed to struggle to completely understand what the hell was going on, because it is hard for anyone to fully comprehend this strange saga. In response, Philadelphia is doing basically the only thing it can do at this juncture, as the franchise announced that an investigation is underway on Wednesday morning.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
NEW YORK (AP) — Bond yields climbed again on Wednesday and U.S. stocks held close to their record highs after more reports showed the economy continues to strengthen. The encouraging data could push the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates sooner rather than later in its gradual move away from record low rates during the Great Recession.
KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index was close to flat at 2,338 as of 9:57 a.m. Eastern time. The index closed at a record high Tuesday after rising for the sixth straight day. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 37 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,541. The Nasdaq composite rose 8, or 0.1 percent, to 5,790.
ENCOURAGING ECONOMIC GAINS: Wednesday's economic reports give the Federal Reserve more leeway to raise interest rates. Retailers had stronger sales in January than economists expected, and inflation at the consumer level was the highest in years. Consumer prices rose 2.5 percent in January from a year earlier, the highest rate since March 2012.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen said in testimony before a Senate committee on Tuesday that the strengthening job market and a modest move higher in inflation should warrant continued, gradual increases in interest rates. The central bank raised rates in December for just the second time in a decade, after keeping rates at nearly zero to help lift the economy out of the Great Recession. Yellen speaks before a House committee Wednesday.
BOND YIELDS: Treasury yields jumped immediately after the release of the retail sales and inflation reports. The 10-year yield rose to 2.50 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. The two-year yield inched up to 1.25 percent from 1.24 percent, and the 30-year yield rose to 3.09 percent from 3.06 percent.
DAMPENED DIVIDEND DEMAND: When bonds are paying more in interest, it can mean less demand from income investors for stocks that pay big dividends. Utility stocks, which are some of the biggest dividend payers, fell 1.2 percent, the largest loss among the 11 sectors that make up the S&P 500. Real-estate investment trusts and telecom stocks are also go-to buys for dividend seekers, and they were weak as well.
GLOBAL MARKETS: In Europe, the German DAX index lost 0.2 percent, while the French CAC 40 and U.K. FTSE 100 each added 0.4 percent. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose 1 percent, Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 1.2 percent and the Kospi in South Korea gained 0.4 percent.
CURRENCIES: The strong U.S. economic reports helped lift the value of the dollar against many of its rivals. The dollar ticked up to 114.64 Japanese yen from 114.22 late Tuesday. The euro fell to $1.0557 from $1.0572, and the British pound dipped to $1.2411 from $1.2465.
COMMODITIES: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 2 cents to $53.22 per barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 11 cents to $55.85 in London. Natural gas rose 5 cents to $2.96 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Gold slipped 30 cents to $1,225.10 per ounce, silver was close to flat at $17.89 per ounce and copper was flat at $2.74 per pound.
BOISE, Idaho (AP) — Rosalie Sorrels, a Grammy-nominated folk singer and native of Idaho who recorded more than 20 albums and performed at top folk festivals around the country, has died. She was 83.
She died on Sunday in Reno, Nevada, at the home of her daughter, Holly Marizu.
Marizu told The Associated Press on Wednesday that her mother had been diagnosed with colon cancer in 2016 and also suffered from dementia, but a cause of death hadn't been determined.
Sorrels started traveling to performances with her five children after her marriage broke up in 1996. She received Grammy nominations for two of her albums.
In the 1980s she moved to a cabin near Idaho City about 60 miles (96 kilometers) northeast of Boise.
Memorial services are being planned, one of them in Boise later this month.
A federal judge has ordered a civil trial of the Texas prison system and its leadership in a civil rights lawsuit arising from the heat-related death of an inmate, saying state prison officials refused to provide air conditioning that could have also kept 21 other inmates alive.
Larry Gene McCollum, a 58-year-old Waco-area taxi driver, was among 22 inmates who have died front the heat in Texas prisons since 1998, including 10 during a 2011 heat wave alone, U.S. District Judge Keith Ellison of Houston wrote.
McCollum was serving a one-year sentence in the Hutchins State Jail near Dallas for writing a bad check when he died of a heat stroke on July 22, 2011, just seven days after he arrived at the jail.
In an 83-page opinion filed Tuesday, Ellison, who visited state prisons during the peak of the summer heat, wrote that prison logs showed that the day before McCollum's death, the outside air temperature was above 90 degrees for at least nine hours and above 100 degrees for at least six hours, peaking at 107 degrees and staying at 106 degrees at 6:30 p.m., when the last recording of the day was taken. Humidity never fell below 40 percent that day.
Although the log represents that the heat index at 3:30 p.m. was 116 degrees, a chart provided by the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston and used by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice computes the heat index was about 150 degrees.
The jail utilizes air handlers for ventilation, which circulate outside air through the facility without changing its temperature, Ellison wrote.
"Larry McCollum's tragic death was not simply bad luck, but an entirely preventable consequence of inadequate policies. These policies contributed to the deaths of 11 men before McCollum and 10 men after him," Ellison wrote.
The TDCJ will appeal the ruling to the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal, said spokesman Jason Clark.
"The safety, security, health and overall well-being of offenders is of paramount importance to the TDCJ," Clark wrote in a statement.
The attorney for McCollum's family, Jeff Edwards of Austin, said he and his clients are gratified that the facts will finally be heard by a jury and receive a full hearing. Of the 109 prisons in the Texas system, 30 are fully air-conditioned.
State law required all county jails to be air conditioned. Many inmates have trouble acclimating themselves to a prison in the middle of summer where air-conditioning is unavailable, Edwards said.
"All this is going to say is 'Let's look at the facts.' We believe they will speak for themselves" when presented to a jury, he said.
The ruling was sealed Friday and unsealed Tuesday.
Italy is letting its ambassador take up his post in Cairo, citing on Monday progress by Egypt in the investigation of the 2016 torture death of an Italian scholar that had weighed on diplomatic ties.
The move does not mean Italy intends to ease the pressure on Egyptian authorities to bring Giulio Regeni's killers to justice, Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano said. The ambassador will bear a letter asserting the Italian government's determination to discover the truth about the murder, Alfano said.
Ambassador Giampaolo Cantini "will have the task of contributing, via contacts with Egyptian authorities, toward reinforcing judicial cooperation, and, as a consequence, the search for the truth," Alfano said in a statement.
Regeni was a Cambridge University doctoral student researching labor movements in Egypt when he was abducted in Cairo in January 2016. His body was found along a Cairo road a few days later bearing marks of extensive torture.
Italian news agency ANSA said Italian and Egyptian prosecutors issued a joint statement pledging to find the "truth and all the circumstances that led to the abduction, torture and death."
Italian state TV said Egypt has sent Italian prosecutors transcripts of fresh questioning of Egyptian police officers who had a role in investigating Regini's death. Egypt also assured Italy it would provide video surveillance footage from cameras at the Cairo subway stop where Regeni was known to have been last seen alive.
In April 2016, the then-ambassador was recalled to Italy for consultations, to highlight the Italian government's frustration with Egyptian investigators. Since then, that ambassador was assigned elsewhere, and the embassy in Cairo awaited its ambassador.
Regeni disappeared on a day Cairo police were on a tense watch for protests on the fifth anniversary of the 2011 popular uprising.
After his body was discovered, Egyptian authorities offered various explanations, including an assertion that Regeni had been hit by a vehicle. Later, they said he was a victim of a robbery.
Egypt is considered a key ally both in international efforts to combat Islamist-terrorism and efforts to stabilize neighbor Libya, a base for human traffickers who have sent hundreds of thousands of migrants by sea toward Italy in the last few years.
In a statement, Alfano dismissed any suggestion that Italy's desire to slow the flow of migrants across the Mediterranean Sea had triggered dispatching the ambassador to Cairo.
"That Egypt is an inescapable interlocutor on issues of primary importance for Italy, like the stabilization of Libya and the fight against terrorism, doesn't signify that Italy intends to turn the page in the search for truth in Giulio Regeni's murder," the minister said.
Regeni's family has been outspoken in demanding that Italy insist on getting the truth from Egypt. His mother has said her son's face was so badly pummeled the only facial feature she could recognize was the tip of his nose.
Italian state TV said Monday night the family was indignant that the ambassador was allowed to go to Cairo.
———
Frances D'Emilio on Twitter: www.twitter.com/fdemilio
Getty Image
If the NFL was hoping that Colin Kaepernick's absence from a team roster would allow them to move on from player protests during the national anthem, they've been proven very wrong during the first week of preseason games. Raiders star running back Marshawn Lynch was the first to sit through the anthem on Saturday, which he insisted is something he's been doing for years.
On Sunday, Lynch's former teammate and Seahawks' star defensive end Michael Bennett joined him as stars to sit through the anthem in protest. Bennett is known as one of the league's most vocal players when it comes to social and political issues, so it shouldn't come as a significant surprise that he would be among those to take a stand in response to the tragic events in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend.
ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistan's Supreme Court has disqualified a lawmaker from the ruling party for five years after finding him guilty of threatening judges in a speech last year.
In Thursday's decision, the court also sentenced Nehal Hashmi, of the Pakistan Muslim League, to one month in prison.
The decision came a day after Hashmi apologized over his May 2017 speech, in which he threatened judges for ordering a corruption probe against former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. In the speech, he said once the judges retire, "we will make your life and (the lives of) your family members miserable."
In July 2017, the Supreme Court disqualified Sharif from office for concealing assets.
Since then, Sharif himself has castigated judges for ousting him from power, but has faced no legal action over his speeches.
05:37 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Death toll in Burkina Faso shooting rises to 17 Read more ► ◄ Last Briefs
Proposed legislation that would force eBay and other international online marketplace operators to collect GST on low-value purchases by Australians is “complex, inconsistent, unworkable and will harm Australian consumers in many ways”, the company's local managing director has argued.
In a submission to a Senate inquiry scrutinising the Treasury Laws Amendment (GST Low Value Goods) Bill 2017, eBay's Jooman Park wrote that if passed the changes to tax law “may force eBay to prevent Australians from buying from foreign sellers”.
Currently, GST is not payable on goods that cost less than $1000 purchased by individuals and imported into Australia. The government bill, announced in the 2016-17 budget, is expected to boost revenue by $300 million over three years by eliminating the zero GST threshold.
The bill to close the sub-$1000 GST ‘loophole' follows government efforts to tax digital goods purchased from overseas suppliers and crack down on profit-shifting.
Under the proposed legislation, the operator of an “electronic distribution platform” will be treated as the supplier of low value goods, if the platform is used to purchase the goods — capturing companies like eBay.
If eBay blocks Australian consumers from its online auction service, “No tax would be paid to Australia and none would be owed,” Park wrote.
“It would raise no revenue, deny Australians access to choice and lessen price competition. This solution would not even represent a win for bricks and mortar retailers, because Australians would still find ways to buy online. They would do so direct via dot.coms without paying GST and they would lose the confidence they current enjoy buying from eBay with the advantage of its trusted seller ratings. This appears to be the most likely outcome at present.”
As an alternative, eBay has argued that the government could work with logistics companies to collect GST on imported goods.
“A simpler alternative for an island nation is to work with the logistics companies,” Park wrote.
“All parcels arrive at a small number of Customs points, via a small number of international logistics companies, one of which is government-owned. These companies can require buyers to declare whether a good is new and to nominate a value of the good as part of the pricing of parcel delivery to Australia.”
A submission from Amazon to the inquiry said that while it supported reducing the GST threshold to zero, like eBay it did not support the proposed collection model. Amazon said that it too supported a logistics-based model. A joint submission by the eBay, Alibaba Group and Etsy also advocated such a model.
DAYTON, Ohio (AP) — Fire officials say up to 10 infants have been relocated safely away from smoke in a southwest Ohio hospital.
Dayton District Fire Chief James Rose tells the Dayton Daily News that Miami Valley Hospital staffers moved the babies from the Berry Women's Center before firefighters arrived in response to the smoke. He says the smoke came from an overheated motor and that crews were able to clear the smoke with ventilation.
Rose said early Monday that most of the smoke was contained from spreading.
He says there were no injuries.
Two former mayors in Bohol and Leyte were separately charged over illegal cockfighting in their jurisdictions.
The Office of the Special Prosecutor charged then Burauen, Leyte mayor Fe Sudario-Renomeron and Ubay, Bohol mayor Galicano Atup for illegal cockfighting which violated Presidential Decree 449 or the Cockfighting Law of 1974.
In Renomeron's case, prosecutors said Renomeron and Sanggunian Bayan members David Alcober, Felipe Coral Jr., Antonio Tan, Luis Marlon Torres, Benoni Pocpoc, Ed Gabriel Guimba, and Roger Serdoncillo were charged with two counts for criminally allowing cockfighting in the municipality during the days which are not legal holidays, Sundays, or local fiestas.
ADVERTISEMENT
In the first count for violation of Section 5(d) of Presidential Decree 449, prosecutors said the officials passed a municipal resolution allowing the Burauen Games and Amusement Corp. to hold regular cockfights in the municipality on Tuesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays in 2008.
In the second count, the officials again approved a municipal resolution to allow the conduct of a special cockfight every Wednesday in April 2008 onwards except for the month of May.
In Atup's case, also accused are his vice mayor Nelson Uy; councilors Efren Tanjay, Victor Bonghanoy, Isidore Besas, Sabiniano Atupan, Eustaquio Bacolod; barangay captain Melinda Gallego; barangay kagawads Rod Arthur Cañete, Alan Mendez, Letecia Bunado, Constantina Villasan, Antonio Cutamora, Johnny Lim Garces; and treasurer Arme Taan. They are all members of the Barangay Union in Ubay, Bohol.
Prosecutors accused them of taking advantage of their position in approving the conduct of a cockfighting event during the annual town fiesta from Nov. 2013 to Jan. 2014 at the Union Cultural and Sports Center, which turned out to be an unlicensed cockpit.
Prosecutors recommended a P10,000 bail for each count in Renomeron's case, while it recommended a P12,000 bail for each count in Atup's case. With reports from Shane Atim, INQUIRER.net trainee/JE/rga
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
In early November, my buddy and I set out to fish some shallow flats in our kayaks. The water and air temperatures were near the 80-degree mark in south Texas. The area we had available to us only had a few inches of tidal flow predicted. When saltwater fishing, current is at the top of the list for catching requirements, but when the tide doesn't provide it, find something that will.
I had not fished this area in three years, and since that time hurricane Harvey changed a few things from the vehicle access point to my favorite hole, which isn't a hole anymore. Needless to say, this was going to be a scouting mission as well as a fishing trip. We made our way to our first stop, which was a large knee- to waist-deep grass flat with a deep channel running down one side that is separated by a few spoil islands. We anchored up at the tip of a spoil island and cast to the channel. Although there was an abundance of bait, we didn't get a strike.
Off to plan B, my old honey hole. Once there, I realized the sweet spot was no longer, but we fished the area thoroughly since bait was present. We managed only a few strikes and a couple small trout.
Knowing that the fish were inactive and that the tide was weak, I searched for an area where the wind might help drive a little more water flow to get the fish feeding. We headed back to the vicinity of our first stop, which was a flat the shape of a football field with the wind blowing from one endzone to the other. On the downwind side, there were a few small islands with breaks between them. Due to the wind, these breaks funneled stronger water movement onto a small shallow flat. This flat didn't have more bait than the other areas, but it did have water movement, which sparked the bite. We spent several hours in this tiny area catching reds and speckled trout.
We used the same lures and presentation as we did earlier in the day. Soft plastic topwater jerk baits in pearl accounted for the more aggressive fish, but they were the smaller ones in this area. All of our larger fish came on slow-sinking paddle shad. Targeting the potholes and letting the lures slowly sink at the edge of the sand-to-grass transition drew the better strikes.
When fishing on less than desirable tides, remember to seek out locations that can offer it a push. Funnels and choke points are always a good bet, even if they are subtle. The water depth was the same on both sides and in between the islands, but it gave that little push the fish needed.
Capt. Michael Okruhlik is the inventor of Controlled Descent Lures and the owner of www.MyCoastOutdoors.com.
Embattled Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro announced plans Monday to expand the number of civilians involved in armed militias as tensions in the crisis-wracked South American nation continued to rise.
Maduro said he hopes to expand the number of civilians involved in the Bolivarian militias created by the late Hugo Chavez to 500,000, up from the current 100,000, and provide each member with a gun.
Speaking to thousands of militia members dressed in beige uniforms gathered in front of the presidential palace to mark the force's seventh anniversary, Maduro said it is time for Venezuelans to decide if they are "with the homeland" or against it.
"Now is not the time to hesitate," he said.
The announcement comes as Maduro's opponents are gearing up for what they pledge will be the largest rally yet to press for elections and a host of other demands Wednesday.
Thousands of Venezuelans have taken to the streets since the Supreme Court stripped the National Assembly of its last vestiges of power nearly three weeks ago, a decision it later reversed. At least five people have been killed, dozens hurt and more than 100 detained in the demonstrations.
The Maduro government has vowed to hold a counter mass gathering Wednesday in defense of the socialist movement started by Chavez.
Chavez created the civilian militias with the goal of training 1 million Venezuelans to assist the armed forces in the defense of his revolution from external and domestic attacks. Maduro told the militia Monday that vision remains relevant as Venezuela continues to face "imperialist aggression."
"A gun for every militiaman!" he cried.
Maduro's government claims foreign-backed opposition leaders are fomenting violence in an attempt to remove him from power. The opposition denies that assertion, saying it is Maduro himself who is responsible for Venezuela's woes, including triple-digit inflation, rising crime and food shortages.
They also blame Maduro for ordering security forces to use tear gas against protesters and failing to stop pro-government armed groups from attacking demonstrators.
Former congresswoman Maria Corina Machado posted a photo of the militia gathering Monday on her Twitter account, calling it a, "pathetic, desperate and unconstitutional attempt by the regimen to intimidate Venezuelans."
It was a tale of two halves Friday night as the North Surry Greyhounds hosted the Golden Eagles of Surry Central High School.
Just when it looked like the Greyhounds were on the way to conference win number five, the Eagles exploded for a 17-3 run to start the second half. Central went on to win 58-49.
Shooting woes in the first half gave North Surry the initial lead.
Following a basket by Central's Noah Cox to open the game, Greyhound Evan Marion knocked down a three put his team on top. North Surry maintained this lead for the remainder of the first half.
A contrast of styles took some getting used to the teams' second match-up of the season. Surry Central pounded the ball inside, while the Hounds took advantage of their superior perimeter shooting.
North Surry didn't score its first two-point field goal until there were only 24 seconds left in the first quarter, while the Eagles scored their first basket outside the paint with 2:12 remaining in the first half.
The first-quarter workhorses for the Eagles in the first half were Mason Ward and Noah Cox. The duo combined for nine of the team's 10 points and did work on both ends of the floor
The problem with scoring in the paint is that threes count more than twos. Marion and Eli Riggs each notched a triple in the first quarter, while Nick Badgett, Chase Swartz, and Carson Draughn added points from the charity stripe.
The 3-point barrage continued in the second quarter for North Surry. The team connected on four trey balls for 12 of the team's 16 second-quarter points, two of which came from Nick Badgett.
Failure to finish down low and an injury to Cox put Central down 23-16. This is when Blake Woods knocked down the team's first 3-pointer of the game. Nolan McMillen added another triple to end the half at 28-22, with North Surry still clinging to the lead.
Myles Wilmoth's squad came out of the locker room determined and it showed on the hardwood. Central began the quarter by scoring 13 straight points.
The first five points of the quarter came from McMillen, who then handed the baton to Brandon Norman for the next six points. All the while, the Hounds' shots weren't dropping.
A 3-pointer from Marion broke the dry spell at 3:30. The only other Greyhound points in the third quarter came from a Ryan Ward layup at 1:46.
Central outscored North Surry 19-5 in the third quarter to take a 41-33 lead. Ryan Martin had six in the quarter.
Business picked up when technical fouls were awarded to North's Badgett and Central's McMillen. Another technical to the Eagles' Wood resulted in the quarter's first points, a pair of free throws from Ward.
Ward added to his free throws with two 3-pointers in the quarter. One of Ward's threes cut the lead to five, but it wouldn't last.
Surry Central was able to convert on 10-of-13 free throws in the quarter to hold on for a 58-49 victory.
The Golden Eagles improve to 6-15 on the season, 3-7 in the Western Piedmont 2A Athletic Conference. McMillen and Martin tied with 14 points each. Norman finished with 10 and Woods with nine.
North Surry falls to 7-14 on the season, 4-6 in the WPAC. Ward led the Hounds with 13 points, followed by Draughn with 11, and Marion with 10.
Central's Ryan Martin drives along the baseline in Friday's game. Martin tied for a team-high 14 points. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_c.jpg Central's Ryan Martin drives along the baseline in Friday's game. Martin tied for a team-high 14 points. Cory Smith | The News In addition to his 10 points, Golden Eagle Brandon Norman lit up the stat sheet with this monster block. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_cc.jpg In addition to his 10 points, Golden Eagle Brandon Norman lit up the stat sheet with this monster block. Cory Smith | The News North Surry's Nick Badgett takes the ball across halfcourt to go one-on-one with Central's Nolan McMillen. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_ccc.jpg North Surry's Nick Badgett takes the ball across halfcourt to go one-on-one with Central's Nolan McMillen. Cory Smith | The News Carson Draughn pounds his way into the lane in the Greyhounds' 58-49 loss to Surry Central Friday. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_cccc.jpg Carson Draughn pounds his way into the lane in the Greyhounds' 58-49 loss to Surry Central Friday. Cory Smith | The News
Surry Central outscored North Surry 37-21 in the second half in the Eagles' victory Friday
By Cory Smith csmith@mtairynews.com
Reach Cory on Twitter @MrCoryLeeSmith
Reach Cory on Twitter @MrCoryLeeSmith
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Marvel
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 won't hit theaters until May 5th, but a bunch of lucky so-and-so's got a chance to see the whole movie at an early press screening on Monday night (while interviews with the entire cast were airing on Jimmy Kimmel Live! Synergy!). Full reviews are under embargo until April 24th, but audience members were allowed to tweet their spoiler-free first impressions, which we've gathered below. You're welcome.
We already knew Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 was testing better than any Marvel film in history, and the critics seem to concur, with several people commenting on the humor, the touching moments of camaraderie, the vivid colors and dynamic production design, and — of course — the characters, with more than one person saying returning cast member Drax (Dave Bautista) and new cast member Mantis (Pom Klementieff) stole the show. And you can already guess how much love Groot was getting. (“Baby Groot is cuter than you can possibly imagine.”)
Right off, Uproxx's own Mike Ryan praised Groot and talked post-credit scenes:
GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL 2. is very fun. Takes the EMPIRE "split up your characters" strategy. Drax is a hoot. Baby Groot steals the show — Mike Ryan (@mikeryan) April 18, 2017
Also: Come for the movie, stay for the not one, not two, not three, but *four* post credit scenes. — Mike Ryan (@mikeryan) April 18, 2017
Everybody seemed to be excited about those four post credit scenes:
But then director James Gunn weighed in to clarify there are actually going to be five post credit scenes in the final theatrical cut:
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (CBSNewYork/AP) — The battle to replace Johnathan Hankins at defensive right tackle for the New York Giants has come down to Jay Bromley and Dalvin Tomlinson.
Both have split the work with the first team in recent weeks in training camp and they both looked good in the preseason opener against the Pittsburgh Steelers on Friday night.
Having Tomlinson compete for the job is not a surprise. The former Alabama product was the Giants' second-round draft pick and it was expected he would get a shot to play next to left tackle Damon Harrison after Hankins signed with the Indianapolis Colts as a free agent.
Bromley has been a surprise at camp. A third-round pick out of Syracuse in 2014, he has not showed much in his first three seasons. Some wondered whether he would make the team with Robert Thomas and veteran Corbin Bryant and rookie free agent Josh Banks in the mix.
Instead, he has made plays since camp started and he opened more eyes Friday by combining with safety Landon Collins to stop Fitzgerald Toussaint for a 1-yard loss on a third-and-1 run from Steelers 28 on Pittsburgh's second possession.
“I just want to go out there and make the plays that I know I can make,” Bromley said after the game. “I know I can make those plays and I want to consistently make those plays. That's the only goal that I have, to make the plays that I know I can make.”
Bromley said he hasn't come to camp with a new approach. He feels that everything that he has learned in his first three seasons is finally starting to sink in. He is not worried about mistakes and the result is that he is playing faster.
That style has afforded him the chance to win the starting job.
“I believe I have what it takes to be the starting defensive tackle and that's my goal,” said Bromley, who finished with three tackles in the game, one less than Tomlinson, who probably had more playing time.
Tomlinson said it was exciting to play in his first NFL game, noting the game was a little faster than college. He said the biggest change in becoming a professional is the increase in meetings and watching videotape on your own. He said he watched a lot of film in college, but now the film goes home with him.
“My focus is just getting better each day,” Tomlinson said Sunday after practice. “If it happens, it happens. Right now, I am just trying to get better every day.”
Veteran guard John Jerry has faced both players in practice. He said Bromley has improved and Tomlinson is strong and will be hard to move.
“I just think (he's) more experience,” Jerry said of Bromley on Sunday. “When guys are experienced, you know more and you can react. It's not like trying to figure things out on your own.”
Coach Ben McAdoo also likes what he saw from Bromley, who did not speak to reporters Sunday.
“I think Jay's improving,” McAdoo said. “He's playing with some hostility out there, he's playing aggressive, playing physical football.”
Tomlinson plays the same way, but he is behind Bromley in understanding coordinator Steve Spagnuolo's defense.
Either way, both players will see plenty of action this season because the Giants rotate their defensive line in games.
NOTES: WR Kevin Norwood left practice with a hip injury. … McAdoo said LB J.T. Thomas and RB Shaun Draughn are close to coming off the physically unable to perform list. … QB Eli Manning did not play in the preseason opener and McAdoo said that he looked rusty in practice Sunday. “I don't know if that needs to be a headline, but I'm sure most of you may use it. It's an easy one,” McAdoo said. “We need to get him back and get him some work. I know he's excited to get back to work. … Veteran RB Orleans Darkwa had three rushes for 18 yards on Friday. He said no one in the running backs group is conceding the starting job to Paul Perkins. “If you don't have the mentality that you want to be the guy, then what are you doing?” … PK Mike Nugent missed 2 of 4 short field goal attempts Sunday. He is competing with rookie Aldrick Rosas for a job.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — The Latest on Kenyan opposition's mock "inauguration" (all times local):
3:15 p.m.
Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga has been sworn in during a mock "inauguration" as "the people's president" despite the government's warning that the event would be considered treason.
Thousands have gathered in a Nairobi park for the ceremony meant to protest President Uhuru Kenyatta's new term after months of deadly election turmoil.
Odinga held a Bible over his head. "Today is a historic day in the history of Kenya," he said.
The opposition successfully challenged the August election in court, claiming vote-rigging, but boycotted a fresh election in October, claiming a lack of electoral reforms.
Kenya's government cut transmission of three TV channels airing live broadcasts of the "inauguration" Tuesday.
___
11 a.m.
Streets are quiet in the central business district of Kenya's capital ahead of the opposition's plan to "swear in" its leader, Raila Odinga, as an alternative president despite the attorney general's warning that such an act challenging the official president will amount to treason.
The U.S. has advised Odinga against the so-called inauguration Tuesday, as East Africa's economic hub tries to move beyond months of deadly election turmoil. Police have vowed to block opposition supporters from attending the event.
Heavy police deployment was withdrawn Tuesday without explanation at the Uhuru Park where the opposition had said the event would take place. A heavy police presence remains in city slums, which are opposition strongholds.
The fate of the U.S.'s top diplomat for Asia remains in limbo two weeks ahead of the expected historic summit with North Korea.
Interested in North Korea? Add North Korea as an interest to stay up to date on the latest North Korea news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
In one of his first major personnel moves as secretary of state, Mike Pompeo is expected to withdraw the nomination of Susan Thornton for Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs, three sources with knowledge of the matter told ABC News.
Thornton is a career Foreign Service officer with 20 years of experience in the region who has been the acting Assistant Secretary since March 2017. Former Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was a fierce proponent of hers, battling China hawks in the administration and on Capitol Hill to get White House approval for her nomination in December.
Michael Reynolds/EPA via Shutterstock
Despite her pending nomination and current role, Thornton has been largely sidelined from North Korea negotiations compared to other senior administration officials. She traveled to China and Japan in May to meet her counterparts, but she did not accompany Pompeo on either of his trips to North Korea to meet Kim Jong-un. She also did not join Pompeo for his Wednesday trip to New York where he was set to meet with Kim Yong Chol, a top adviser to Kim and Vice Chairman of the Central Committee.
One former administration official said Thornton has been “totally cut out” of talks.
State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert did not elaborate on her role, only telling ABC News “Susan Thornton remains the nominee and is a respected member of the State Department team. The secretary has met with her numerous times to seek her counsel.”
Before Pompeo's confirmation as secretary of state, he used CIA channels to start talks with North Korea and has since relied on a small coterie of advisers. That team includes National Security Council Director for Asia Matthew Pottinger and the State Department's Policy Planning Director Brian Hook, Executive Secretariat Lisa Kenna, and spokesperson Nauert – all of whom traveled with Pompeo in May.
Other officials, including the National Security Council's Director for Korea Allison Hooker, Assistant Secretary of Defense for East Asia Randall Schriver, State Department Korea Desk Director Mark Lambert, and U.S. Ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim, have been involved in planning meetings with North Korea ahead of the summit.
The ambassador posting in South Korea has been vacant for 16 months. President Donald Trump nominated Navy Adm. Harry Harris for the position on Saturday but he is nowhere near being confirmed before the summit.
"I think it's going to lead to a position where we have no experts at the table, no one who has weighed in over the course of the situation," said foreign policy expert Brett Bruen, who worked as a State Department official for 12 years.
"There's no medium or long-term memory that has been built up over the last year and a half. From a national security perspective, on North Korea, Iran, any other major threat, we are flying blind," he added.
Tillerson and Thornton had a good working relationship, with Tillerson publicly praising her and privately going to the mat to secure her nomination. His aides also believed that promoting a career diplomat to the position typically allotted to political appointees would boost morale within the department.
But Thornton faced resistance from critics like former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, who said he was "getting Susan Thornton out at State" in his last interview while working for the administration.
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images, FILE
Key Republican senators like Marco Rubio and Tom Cotton say she is too soft on North Korea and China.
Her nomination process has slowed to a crawl on Capitol Hill. After a confirmation hearing in February, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has not held a vote on her nomination, and Rubio has vowed to block her approval.
"I will do all I can to defeat the current nominee for top Asia diplomat," he tweeted in March. "This position needs to be held by someone who understands we need to rebalance our relationship with China, support Taiwan & defend human rights."
Sources with knowledge of the matter say that Pompeo is considering Adm. Scott Swift and the Pottinger from the National Security Council as possible replacements, but he will not withdraw Thornton's name until after the potential summit in Singapore.
As a career diplomat, Thornton is expected to be reassigned to an ambassadorship in the region, possibly to Singapore where the Trump administration nominated and then withdrew former Deputy National Security Adviser K.T. McFarland after details emerged about her role in the Trump campaign's contacts with Russian officials.
Pompeo hinted at the shakeup at a hearing on the Hill last week saying he was "close to making a number of significant announcements about new members of the team, Assistant Secretary for East Asia Affairs and South Asia among them."
As the administration closes in on trade talks, the president appears to be taking a tougher line on China again. On Tuesday, the White House announced that the administration will go through with Trump's threat to place $50 billion worth of tariffs on Chinese goods.
YouTube
We've all watched WWE programming and wondered whether or not anyone is embarrassed by what's happening. But of course, despite that, the WWE machine keeps plugging away, airing approximately five million hours of original programming every week on the WWE Network and USA.
That last thing is slated to change, though, as WWE Smackdown is preparing to move to Fox in a gigantic deal worth more than $1 billion over the course of five years. Thanks to The Hollywood Reporter, we got some more information on how Fox managed to pull this move off.
As it turns out, Fox executive and noted person who you probably haven't thought of in a while but whose name makes you mad Rupert Murdoch was instrumental in the move. Murdoch made it clear to WWE that, by moving to Fox, they'd be on a network that isn't embarrassed of the company.
NBCU had the right to match any offer of $200 million or less per year, but decided not to pursue SmackDown and focus instead on keeping Raw, which averages 3 million viewers and features A-list superstars including John Cena. Fox came in with $205 million, but the company was offering more than cash. The elder Murdoch insisted NBCU was “embarrassed by your product.” Fox, he said, would fully embrace WWE, with SmackDown promos airing across sports programming every night of the week, along with a weekly studio show on FS1. More than that, the deal, Lachlan Murdoch told McMahon during a private call at the end of the meeting, would herald the marriage of the Murdochs and the McMahons, rebel outsiders who had built media empires.
It's easy to see how “we'll make you a bigger deal and won't be embarrassed by you” would appeal to someone as competitive as McMahon, and giving WWE more of a presence in the form of a weekly studio show is quite the pitch. At the very least, it's obvious that WWE's relationship with Fox will be more than a two-hour live show once a week.
(Via The Hollywood Reporter)
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
French lawmaker Valerie Oppelt on Wednesday called for calm after police shot and killed a 22-year-old man in Nantes, triggering unrest in several neighborhoods across the western city.
Shortly after news of the man's death emerged, groups of young protesters gathered in the Breil neighborhood. The protesters threw Molotov cocktails and torched at least three vehicles and a shopping center during clashes with police.
Read more: Can Emmanuel Macron's banlieues plan reach the poor?
"Nantes was the scene of violence last night. I appeal for calm. An investigation is under way to learn the circumstances of this tragedy," Oppelt said in a tweet. "My thoughts go out to the residents of the Breil neighborhood."
Local police chief Jean-Christophe Bertrand said the 22-year-old man was pulled over during a traffic check, but his identity was "not clear and officers received orders to bring the driver to the police station."
The man then attempted to reverse the vehicle, in the process hitting a police officer in the knee. "One of his colleagues then fired, hitting the young man who unfortunately died," Bertrand said.
Police: 'We expect the worst'
Groups of protesters also clashed with police in the Dervallieres and Malakoff neighborhoods, known as sensitive areas in Nantes. "We expect the worst in the coming days," police said, according to the Nantes-based Presse-Ocean newspaper.
Authorities said Nantes police will receive reinforcements to ensure security in the affected neighborhoods.
The protests resembled civil unrest that erupted in Paris' "banlieues" – low-income migrant neighborhoods on the outskirts of the capital – in 2005 and have flared up several times since then.
Read more: Emmanuel Macron leaves France's suburbs in the lurch
In 2005, the banlieu of Clichy-sous-Bois became a focal point of violent protests, which erupted in response to the deaths of two boys killed while fleeing police. They highlighted the country's broader difficulties integrating minority groups and ultimately paved the way to the presidency for then-Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy.
ls/msh (AFP, dpa)
TRI-CITIES, TN/VA (WJHL) – High school football is back in the Tri-Cities and your News Channel 11 sports team will be bringing you high school football scores each week from around the region. Text “11SCORES” to 36729 to receive scores of high schools.
Scores for Week 8 will be continuously updated in the list below:
TENNESSEE:
Johnson Co. Happy Valley Morristown West Jefferson Co. Hardin Valley Science Hill Sullivan South Greeneville Elizabethton Union Co. Farragut Dobyns-Bennett Grainger Chuckey-Doak Cocke Co. Tennessee High Unaka Unicoi Co. David Crockett Cherokee Sullivan Central Sullivan East North Greene South Greene Cloudland Hampton Cosby Concord-Christian Volunteer Daniel Boone Cumberland Jellico West Greene Knox Catholic
VIRGINIA:
Virginia High Abingdon Eastside Rye Cove Graham Lebanon Hancock Co. Thomas Walker John Battle Wise Central Marion Gate City Twin Springs Castlewood Honaker JI Burton Richlands Tazewell Union Lee High Hurley Grundy Holston Patrick Henry
Follow game updates from our crews out in the field tonight by visiting #WJHLTDFN.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
Scientists have witnessed the first modern case of what they call "river piracy" and they blame global warming. Most of the water gushing from a large glacier in northwest Canada last year suddenly switched from one river to another.
That changed the Slims River from a 10-foot (3 meters) deep, raging river to something so shallow that it barely was above a scientist's high top sneakers at midstream. The melt from the Yukon's Kaskawulsh glacier now flows mostly into the Alsek River and ends up in the Pacific Ocean instead of the Arctic's Bering Sea.
It seemed to all happen in about one day — last May 26 — based on river gauge data, said Dan Shugar, a University of Washington Tacoma professor who studies how land changes. A 100-foot (30-meter) tall canyon formed at the end of the glacier, rerouting the melting water, Shugar and his colleagues wrote in a study published in Monday's journal Nature Geoscience .
The term "river piracy" is usually used to describe events that take a long time to occur, such as tens of thousands of years, and had not been seen in modern times, especially not this quickly, said study co-author Jim Best of the University of Illinois. It's different from something like the Mississippi River changing course at its delta and it involves more than one river and occurs at the beginning of a waterway, not the end.
The scientists had been to the edge of the Kaskawulsh glacier in 2013. Then the Slims River was "swift, cold and deep" and flowing fast enough that it could be dangerous to wade through, Shugar said. They returned last year to find the river shallow and as still as a lake, while the Alsek, was deeper and flowing faster.
"We were really surprised when we got there and there was basically no water in the river," Shugar said of the Slims. "We could walk across it and we wouldn't get our shirts wet. It was like a snake-shaped lake rather than a river."
What had been a river delta at the edge of the Slims River had changed into a place full of "afternoon dust storms with this fine dust getting into your nose and your mouth," Best said.
The lack of water in the Slims wasn't because of changes in rainfall, Shugar said. They know that because it's a river fed mostly by glacial melt, not rain, and the Alsek increased in amounts similar to what disappeared from the Slims.
The Kaskawulsh glacier covers about 9,650 square miles (25,000 square kilometers), about the size of Vermont. The front of the glacier has retreated nearly 1.2 miles (1.9 kilometers) since 1899, Shugar said.
The scientists calculate that there is only a 1 in 200 chance that the retreating glacier and river piracy is completely natural without man-made global warming. They used weather and ice observations and a computer simulation that models how likely the glacier retreat would be with current conditions and without heat-trapping greenhouse gases.
Several outside scientists praised the study as significant and sensible.
"This is an interesting study and reconfirms that climate change has large, widespread and sometimes surprising impacts," Pennsylvania State University glacier expert Richard Alley, who wasn't part of the study, said in an email.
———
Follow Seth Borenstein at http://twitter.com/borenbears and his work can be found at http://tinyurl.com/sethap
Gunmen stormed an upscale cafe overnight in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, strafing the building with bullets and barricading themselves inside for hours. By the time security forces reclaimed the restaurant around dawn Monday, at least 18 people had been killed and eight others wounded, according to local authorities.
The West African nation's communications minister, Remis Dandjinou, told reporters Monday that by daybreak, two of the attackers had been killed and several foreign nationals were among the dead. In separate statements, officials in Paris and Ankara confirmed the victims include a French citizen and Turkish citizen, while another Turk was injured in the violence.
While Burkinabe officials blamed Islamist militants for the attack on the Turkish cafe, no one group immediately claimed responsibility.
"I salute the bravery of our security and defense forces whose engagement allowed us to neutralize the terrorists," Burkinabe President Roch Marc Christian Kabore said in a statement, as translated by CNN.
"The struggle against terrorism is a lengthy fight," he added. "That is why I am calling for vigilance, solidarity and unity of the whole nation to face up to the cowardice of our enemies."
In a news conference Monday, Dandjinou detailed the night's bloody events, which opened when he says about three to four militants rolled up to the cafe on motorcycles around 9 p.m. local time. They opened fire on an outside seating area outside then moved indoors, where The New York Times notes a family had been celebrating a 9-year-old boy's birthday.
The newspaper reports the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack.
For Burkinabes, the attack on Aziz Istanbul cafe, which is popular with foreigners, prompts bitter memories of another bloody episode just over 18 months ago. In January last year, militants conducted an hours-long raid on a luxury hotel and a cafe just blocks away from Aziz Istanbul, ultimately killing some 30 people before being dislodged by security forces.
Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, a militant group based in the region, claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as another deadly assault just months before in neighboring Mali.
Islamist groups have been active for years in the Sahel region, which includes Mali and Burkina Faso. As groups linked to al-Qaida have carried out attacks in the area, the Times points out that the United Nations peacekeeping mission to Mali "has become one of the most dangerous in the world."
The French government — which controlled Burkina Faso, then called Upper Volta, as a colony until 1960 — says President Emmanuel Macron met with Kabore on Monday to discuss the circumstances of the latest attack.
The pair of leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to the formation of an international security force in the Sahel region to "continue the fight against terrorist groups."
A hole-by-hole look at Erin Hill Golf Club, site of the 117th U.S. Open to be played June 15-18:
No. 1, 608 yards, par 5: The last time the U.S. Open began with a true par 5 was at Olympia Fields in 2003 (the first hole at Chambers Bay played a par 5 and a par 4). A tee shot up the left side, closer to the wetlands, will help the hole play shorter. Players going for the green will negotiate a right-to-left slope in the fairway that can feed the ball toward the small green. This should be a good birdie chance.
No. 2, 338 yards, par 4 : The shortest par 4 on the course features a partially blind tee shot. Those trying to drive the green will have to be precise because the green is the smallest at Erin Hills and slopes from front to back. Anything left will leave a delicate pitch from below the green. A bunker is right of the green.
No. 3, 508 yards, par 4: The fairway is well-bunkered and slopes significantly to the left in the landing area. The approach is slightly uphill and is guarded with a bunker short of the green, and two bunkers on each side of the putting surface. The green features two levels divided by a pronounced ridge.
No. 4, 439 yards, par 4: Tee shots must avoid fairway bunkers. The absence of trees makes it difficult to pick a line for the uphill second shots, and players should avoid going over the greens because of the closely mown area behind the green. The putting surface is shallow and features a false front.
No. 5, 505 yards, par 4: This is the first hole that goes in an easterly direction. It has a pair of bunkers on the right side of the fairway. The front bunker is perpendicular to the green, which has a backstop on the left that can feed a shot back onto the green.
No. 6, 208 yards, par 3: The first par 3 plays with the prevailing wind and features the longest green on the course at 48 yards. It slopes away from front to back, obscuring the back part of the green. A forward tee is likely to be used for any front pin positions.
No. 7, 607 yards, par 5: The hole has 14 bunkers, several of them making the landing area tight. This plays into the prevailing wind, and more bunkers could come into play on the second shot. Approach shots that miss right leave a tough up-and-down on the largest green at Erin Hills, with a ridge that defines distinct quadrants.
No. 8, 492 yards, par 4: The tee shot is partially blind, and while it has no bunkers in the landing area, the fairway slopes to the right as the holes bends to the left. Three deep bunkers front a shallow green (26 yards). There is a slope on the back left of the green that should help feed the ball toward the middle.
No. 9, 135 yards, par 3 : The shorter the hole, the more loft in the shot, and the more the wind can wreak havoc. That's why the shortest hole at Erin Hills should not be underestimated. The tee is about 25 feet higher than the narrow green. The green has a false front and slopes from front left to back right. It is surrounded by bunkers, with the most daunting at the back left of the green.
No. 10, 504 yards, par 4: The 10th hole is the only one that plays in a northerly direction and has a large landing area with plenty of contours, including a slope that can send the ball bounding further down the fairway. The green is only 24 yards deep and bisected by a ridge. The right side is smaller and slightly raised.
No. 11, 460 yards, par 4: The blind tee shot is one of the most intimidating on the course, and players will have to choose their line to a fairway set on an angle from right to left. The deep bunkers fronting the green are not as close to the putting surface as they appear. The small green slopes from left to right and from back to front.
No. 12, 464 yards, par 4: The landing area is narrow, and players can get more roll down the right side. But a miss to the right could leave an awkward sidehill or downhill lie for the second shot to an extremely narrow green that is crowned, with subtle slopes running toward the front and back of the green.
No. 13, 193 yards, par 3: The tee shot goes from hill to hill and has a large bunker to the left of the green, along with a swale that helps feed errant shots into it. Players who miss the green to the right will likely see their ball fall away, leaving an uphill pitch to a green that slopes away from them. The green is 40 yards deep and has a small plateau at the front left.
No. 14, 594 yards par 5: Tee shots that favor the right side provide a better angle of attack to the green, and those who attempt to reach the green in two must hit a precise shot, guarding particularly against the severe drop-off to the right. A variety of shot options are available from the closely mown areas around the green, which features a large false front.
No. 15, 357 yards, par 4 : The back nine also has a short par 4 that requires precision for those who hit driver. The putting surface is small and slightly elevated, which will repel a shot that slightly misses. Laying up requires players to face a wedge into a green surrounded by several bunkers. A spine bisects the green, and players will face a tough two-putt if they're on the wrong side.
No. 16, 183 yards, par 3: This plays in an easterly direction to an elevated green angled from the front right to the back left. The two-tiered putting surface is 42 yards deep but very narrow, and it slopes significantly from back to front. There are deep, narrow bunkers on both sides of the green.
No. 17, 509 yards, par 4: This is the only hole at Erin Hills without a bunker. The fairway is undulating, meaning there will not be many even lies for the second shot. A large mound on the left can obscure the player's view of the green, particularly from the left side. Approach shots that miss long or to the right can bounce away from the green, which slopes from back to front.
No. 18, 637 yards, par 5: This joins Chambers Bay (on two days) and Torrey Pines and Pebble Beach as U.S. Open courses that end with a par 5, though this one should be a three-shot hole. Two accurate shots are required to get into range for the wedge shot to the green. Players who get out of position will have a hard time catching up because of several bunkers that come into play. And the green is receptive only to short shots.
Omdahl's column is a terrific complement to Herald staff writer Sam Easter's story from last week, "Great debates: Grand Forks history shows division over big projects" (Page A1, Dec. 29).
As Easter documents, Grand Forks has long had a tough time getting to "Yes" on big projects such as the library. "It seems — it's just this perception — when you go to other communities, they seem to do much better," City Council member Ken Vein says in the story.
But Grand Forks residents shouldn't feel too bad, because North Dakotans as a whole tend to share this resistance to change. That's because "North Dakotans like access, even when it means throwing efficiency under the bus," Omdahl writes.
"People want a role—a big role—in government. Having many points at which citizens can be a part of government implements the cultural idea that everybody is important and should 'have a say.'"
There's no better analysis of the stop-and-go process that has held up development of Grand Forks' Arbor Park.
But what about Fargo? For that matter, what about Bismarck?
In both cities, access-loving North Dakotans have mustered the efficiency to get projects done. In 2004, Fargo voters passed an 18-month, half-cent sales tax to build a new downtown library and two branch libraries with 62 percent of the vote.
And in Bismarck, the Chamber of Commerce and a steering committee recently raised $8 million to renovate the Community Bowl, in part to keep the 1990s-era facility's status as host of the state high-school track meet.
It's always hard to compare communities, because it's so easy to selectively choose examples to make a point. And whenever Grand Forks frets about Fargo or Bismarck, it should remember City Council President Dana Sande's perceptive comment in Easter's story:
"My opinion is that people (in Grand Forks) are generally happy. And when you're generally happy, your tendency is to vote no for change."
But even contented populations can learn from other communities, especially where big and expensive projects are concerned.
Furthermore, Grand Forks' sense that Fargo, in particular, has a stronger efficiency mindset goes back not just years but decades. Where development is concerned, "Fargo means business and Grand Forks means hassles," a Grand Forks City Council member said in a Herald story on the subject in 2003.
Grand Forks' policies strike us as being much friendlier to growth than they were then. Now, it's our hope that Grand Forks' determination will follow suit—that the city and its people will follow the Grand Forks Park District's lead, in mapping out an ambitious project (as the district did with Choice Health & Fitness) and finding ways to get it done.
-- Tom Dennis for the Herald
YouTube
It might be hard to believe, but Ryback has now been gone from WWE for over a year. In his time since leaving the company and picking up work on the independent scene, he's been one of the most outspoken wrestlers in the entire world, never afraid to voice his opinion or spill some tea.
Not too long ago, Ryback shared a great story about Vince McMahon thinking he was too fat to wear anything but a singlet, and sang the praises of one Roman Reigns. Oh, and he also took shots at John Cena and suggesting Cena doesn't have any balls. Our basic point is that the Big Guy finds ways to keep busy, and we don't necessarily mind it when he shares his various bon mots.
On the latest episode of Ryback's Conversation with the Big Guy podcast, the titular big guy talked about enjoying life on the indies, but also spoke at length about Lucha Underground, which of course has finally confirmed that it will return for a fourth season.
Europe is bracing for the United States to announce restrictions as early as Thursday on imported steel and aluminum, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trade tensions.
Top European officials held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum. But they did not sound optimistic.
"Realistically, I do not think we can hope" to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner.
The United States in March announced tariffs of 25 percent on steel and 10 percent on aluminum. But it granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, Malmstrom said, "I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports."
European officials said they expect the United States to announce its final decision Thursday. U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris that were planned to continue Thursday.
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war — a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn.
"Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing," French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
In a clear reference to U.S. President Donald Trump, Macron added: "These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term ... One can think about making voters happy by saying: I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see."
But he said that those "who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment."
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Europe is expecting a decision from Trump during the day Thursday, French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said. He pledged that the European response would be "united and firm."
If the U.S. goes ahead with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return.
EU Trade Commissioner Malmstrom tweeted that "the EU wants to be fully excluded from these tariffs and rather engage in a positive trans-Atlantic trade agenda."
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of U.S. national security.
After meeting with Ross, German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier told reporters that he doesn't expect a decision soon on foreign cars.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," he said. He noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But Germany's Altmaier insisted that the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," he said.
Ross and Lighthizer seem like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
The OECD also said persistent high oil prices could push up inflation and push down household incomes. After a first-quarter slowdown, the agency slightly revised down its forecast for world growth this year to 3.8 percent, with 3.9 percent expected next year.
———
Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman in Washington contributed to this report.
Each school honored a True Friend of Education and a True Business Friend of Education.
“We are lucky to be in such a wonderful community and have people support what we do,” said Lebanon Director of Schools Scott Benson.
True Friend of Education recipients included Burr Sheely and Lois Underwood at Byars Dowdy Elementary School; Audrey Griffin at Castle Heights Elementary School; Katy Moscardelli at Coles Ferry Elementary School; Angela Jimenez at Sam Houston Elementary School; Courtney Perry at Walter J. Baird Middle School; and Nancy Barrett at Winfree Bryant Middle School.
True Business Friend of Education recipients included Hope Sampson and College Hills Church of Christ at Byars Dowdy; Rick Thorne and THW Insurance at Castle Heights; the Huffaker Group at Coles Ferry; Spectra Energy at Sam Houston; Lisa Anderson and Middle Tennessee Recycling at Walter J. Baird and Jeff Gannon and State Farm Insurance at Winfree Bryant.
The group also honored the newly formed Byars Dowdy choir, led by Soniya Patel, during its student spotlight and Byars Dowdy secretary Laura Stafford during its employee spotlight.
Getty Image
Pop music has long been a realm that celebrated self-expression and identity. With figures like David Bowie, Madonna, and Freddie Mercury preceding our current wave of artists, the idea that an artist would be asked to hide who they're attracted to feel particularly antiquated. But that's just what was asked of Years & Years' frontperson Olly Alexander early in his career before the group took off. As Billboard points out, Olly was speaking as the keynote at the Stonewall Equality Dinner on Friday night when this story came up, and it feels particularly surprising considering how open he has been about his sexuality for the past several years.
“She said, with very good intentions I'm sure: ‘Why does anybody need to know about your sexuality?'” Alexander said of his media trainer, who encouraged him to stay in the closet. “‘What business is it who you go to bed with? Do you really want to invite personal questions like that? Maybe it's better to not say anything about your sexuality at all.'”
Alexander obviously ignored that advice, choosing instead to stick up for the person he had been in the past by refusing to be closeted in the future. “I realized I needed to say that for my 15-year-old self,” he said. “I needed to say to him, ‘Look, we are not hiding anymore,'” he said.
“We don't get equality until we all have equality,” he added. “That is why I continue to speak out. We have to listen and learn from each other to lift each other up, so we can all live the life we deserve.”
Years & Years recently shared new music in the form “Sanctify,” and have a sophomore album expected soon.
On Friday, employees of BP Exploration Alaska discovered an uncontrolled gas leak in an oil and gas well on Alaska's North Slope, near the community of Deadhorse. Soon after, they determined that the well was also spraying a mist of crude oil.
BP reported the leak and formed a "unified command," which included responders from Alaska's Department of Environmental Conservation, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and the North Slope Borough.
The well vented gas throughout the weekend. By Sunday, the crude was no longer spraying, and workers were able to activate a safety valve that reduced the pressure of the gas.
On Monday, nearly three days after the leak was found, ADEC announced the unified command had to managed to "kill" the well overnight and end the gas leak.
"The area impacted is limited to gravel," says Candice Bressler, spokesperson for ADEC. "There have been no reports of impacted wildlife." Oil droplets were found on about 1.5 acres of the well's drill pad, according to The Associated Press.
The community of Nuiqsut, 50 miles west of the site, had been notified of the incident, but was not evacuated.
"Responders determined that the well had 'jacked up,' or risen, approximately 3 – 4 feet; this vertical movement of the well caused the pressure gauge to break off and prevented operations from pumping into the well to kill it," ADEC reported.
BP began drilling at the massive Prudhoe Bay oil field in 1968. It has generated more than 12 billion barrels of oil, according to BP, and remains one of North America's largest oil fields.
The leak happened amid efforts to boost output from aging wells and reach new supplies in the North Slope's oil fields, reports Bloomberg:
"North Slope production rose to 565,000 barrels a day in March, its highest level since December 2013. That's still down by almost three-quarters from the peak of more than 2 million barrels in the late 1980s."
In a 2011 settlement with the Department of Justice, BP agreed to pay a $25 million civil penalty and carry out a "system-wide integrity management program" after it spilled more than 5,000 barrels of crude oil from its pipelines on Alaska's North Slope in 2006. Five years later, BP agreed to pay more than $20 billion in penalties for the 2010 Deepwater Horizon accident and oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
On Monday morning, New York City's transit system went into partial shutdown mode following breaking news (as reflected in this MSNBC clip) of an explosion at the Port Authority Bus Terminal near 42nd Street and 8th Avenue. ABC News quickly reported that the incident was due to a suspected pipe bomb detonated in a Metro Transit Authority passageway underneath the station, and the local ABC affiliate followed up with more details, including multiple people injured.
Details are continuing to spill forth now, including street closures around the station the evacuation of several lines.
Streets are being closed in the vicinity of the Port Authority. There are also the following subway disruptions: 1, 2, 3, N, Q, R, W and 7 trains are bypassing Times Sq-42 St in both directions. A, C and E trains are bypassing 42 St/Port Authority-Bus Terminal in both directions. There is no 42 St shuttle service in both directions.
(Via MSNBC, ABC News, ABC7)
The hottest and fastest-moving lava of Kilauea volcano's latest eruption spread across new parts of the Big Island Wednesday, forcing officials to order evacuations in two coastal neighborhoods over fears that the rapidly advancing flows could cut off dwindling escape routes.
Overnight, the lava was moving fast enough to cover about six football fields an hour, according to U.S. Geological Survey scientist Wendy Stovall.
"Hawaii County Civil Defense decided to evacuate all of lower Puna to ensure that people would be able to get out," Stovall said.
Lava gushed across and then along a roadway that leads from the commercial center of Pahoa toward smaller towns and rural farmlands to the east.
About two dozen new fissures in that area have created towering lava fountains and bone-rattling explosions throughout the eruption. The lava that is currently coming to the surface is the hottest and most fluid to date.
"This is the hottest lava that we've seen in this eruption, even just a matter of 50 degrees centigrade makes a big difference in how quickly lava flows can move and how they behave once the magma exits the vent," Stovall said.
In fact, the current lava eruptions in Puna are as hot as Hawaii's lava will ever get. "It can't get hotter than where we are," Stovall added. "We are pretty much tapping mantle temperatures right now."
One fissure was observed early Wednesday morning spouting lava over 200 feet (61 meters) into the air.
Hawaii County officials said lava destroyed the electric utility's equipment on the highway, which knocked out power to Vacationland and Kapoho Beach Lots.
"You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation," the Hawaii County Civil Defense agency advised the public.
There were several small earthquakes at Kilauea's summit Wednesday, where the vent inside the volcano's Halemaumau Crater has grown along with a series of explosive eruptions that have sent rock and ash thousands of feet into the sky.
The U.S. Geological Survey released drone footage Wednesday of another fast-moving lava flow that trapped a man in Leilani Estates over the weekend. As lava rushed past the property, a USGS crew that was flying the drone used the aircraft to lead rescue teams to the stranded person. The person was safely evacuated from the area.
Hawaii Volcanoes National Park remains closed because of the volcanic activity at the summit and the ongoing eruptions on Kilauea's eastern flanks. Park officials said that crews are working on clearing another roadway on the south side of the park that was covered by lava from previous eruptions. They hope the roadway will provide an alternative escape route if lava cuts off more roads to the north.
Strands of volcanic glass called as Pele's hair was accumulating on the ground in Leilani Estates and surrounding neighborhoods, and winds may blow lighter particles farther away, scientists said. The strands can cause irritation and respiratory problems when it comes in contact with people.
Volcanic gas emissions remain high from the eruption. Wind conditions for Wednesday were forecast to result in widespread vog — or volcanic smog— over the Big Island.
———
Follow AP's complete coverage of the Hawaii volcano here: https://apnews.com/tag/Kilauea
Follow AP's Hawaii correspondent Caleb Jones on Twitter: https://twitter.com/CalebAP
ASPEN, Colo. (AP) — Injured Olympic halfpipe champion Iouri Podladtchikov tweeted a picture of himself in a hospital gown along with the message "I am doing OK," after a scary wreck at the Winter X Games.
The snowboarder known as the I-Pod has a broken nose, but scans showed no signs of brain or neck trauma.
In one tweet, posted late Monday, he says: "Thank you so much for all the messages. I am so sorry for the mess of yesterday. I am doing OK."
He made no mention of whether he'll be able to compete at the Olympics. The men's halfpipe contest starts Feb. 13, and most snowboarders are heading to South Korea this weekend.
Podladtchikov's face slammed hard into the halfpipe Sunday night as he was landing a trick and he had to be taken off on a stretcher.
___
More AP Olympics: https://wintergames.ap.org
A Massachusetts police department is investigating a Facebook comment by an officer who wrote "Hahahaha love this" in response to a story about a car crashing into counter-protesters at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, killing one person and injuring at least 19 others.
Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri says he received a complaint about the comment Sunday and opened an internal investigation.
Officer Conrad Lariviere wrote in response to the violence: "Hahahaha love this, maybe people shouldn't block road ways."
In a Facebook interview with Masslive.com, Lariviere says he's a "good man who made a stupid comment."
Democratic Mayor Domenic Sarno says: "There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer."
An Ohio man is charged with second-degree murder and other counts over the crash.
Intel's chief executive officer Brian Krzanich announced Monday that he would resign from President Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council -- becoming the third CEO to do so in a day -- as the president dealt with criticism over how he responded to a deadly white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend.
Krzanich announced the resignation in a blog post on the chipmaker's website late Monday night.
“I resigned to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues, including the serious need to address the decline of American manufacturing,” Krzanich said. “Politics and political agendas have sidelined the important mission of rebuilding America's manufacturing base.”
Krzanich also said he had urged other leaders to condemn the white supremacists who took part in the Virginia rally.
“I have already made clear my abhorrence at the recent hate-spawned violence in Charlottesville, and earlier today I called on all leaders to condemn the white supremacists and their ilk who marched and committed violence,” Krzanich said.
I stand with others for equality and improving US competitiveness. Both require
improving in todays environment. https://t.co/RcjpGaFXBQ — Brian Krzanich (@bkrunner) August 15, 2017
Trump has faced mounting pressure over his initial response to the rally on Saturday, which left one dead and 19 injured after a car-ramming attack. Police arrested James Alex Fields, 20, and charged him with second-degree murder in the incident.
Kevin Plank, CEO of athletic wear design company Under Armour, and Kenneth Frazier, head of Merck -- one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world -- also quit the 25-member advisory panel on Monday.
Plank said he would resign because he did not want to engage in politics.
“Under Armour engages in innovation and sports, not politics,” Plank said in a statement Monday evening. “I love our country and our company and will continue to focus my efforts on inspiring every person that they can do anything through the power of sport which promotes unity, diversity and inclusion."
Frazier, who had been the only African-American CEO to serve on any of the president's several business advisory groups, announced early Monday morning that he would step down “as a matter of personal conscience.”
“America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry, and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal,” Frazier said. “As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
Trump slammed Frazier on Twitter a few hours after the announcement.
“Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES,” Trump said Monday morning.
“@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back & LOWER PRICES,” Trump wrote in a separate tweet.
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back & LOWER PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
The president came under fire on Saturday after he said both sides were to blame for the violence that occurred at the rally.
Trump later denounced neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan as “criminals and thugs” on Monday amid growing pressure from political leaders on both the right and left who criticized the president for not condemning the out hate groups by name.
He followed the remarks with a tweet saying "Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!"
14:50 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 'Revoke the salaries of MKs indicted for security offenses' Read more
MK Mickey Levy proposes law revoking salaries of MKs indicted for security-related offenses, says current situation is 'absurd.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
by Christopher Sprague, Jr. Angler – Team Tuppens
Hello anglers, this month has been insane for us tournament wise. Our team caught 2 great fish for the 2016 SKA Nationals. They were a 62 and 37-pound kingfish earning a 99-pound aggregate. We also won all the calcutta's, a 23 Sea Pro boat, 300 HP Mercury on a Loadmaster trailer and 3 bean bags! It was the best fishing trip I ever had. Day 1, we couldn't catch a fish for a long time. We waited and waited and finally got one on the flat line with a blue runner. We kept reeling and thought we lost it, but it was still on; a shark chased it to the boat. Our crew member reached out with the gaff and got it in the boat. It turned out to be 62 lbs. which got us into the 60-lb. club!
The next day we were nervous; we knew we only needed a 15 or above to most likely win. The same thing happened- it took around 7 hours to see a kingfish. We saw a 20 lb'er sky right next to us. It wouldn't bite; it was torture! We finally heard the reel scream and got the fish. We left right away for the weigh in. It turned out to be 37 pounds. We went to sleep that night very happy and couldn't believe we had won the SKA National Championships. It will be an experience I will never forget! If you'd like to see the video I filmed with my Garmin VIRB, check out my Youtube channel “Chronicles of Chris” kingfishing SKA Nationals Day 1 and Day2“! Tight Lines!
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — An iron collar that kept slaves in bondage. A branding iron that marked human beings as someone's property. A photograph of black babies captioned as "alligator bait." A fine china plate with gold lettering that says, "KKK 'God Give Us Men.'"
They're among the artifacts of slavery and segregation collected by NFL Hall of Famer and retired Minnesota Supreme Court Justice Alan Page and his wife, Diane Sims Page. They went on display this month in time for Super Bowl visitors and the thousands of other people expected to flock to downtown Minneapolis for the festivities. The exhibit, "TESTIFY: Americana from Slavery to Today," runs through Feb. 6 at the Minneapolis Central Library.
While a sign at the entrance warns that some items inside might be disturbing, there are also messages of hope and promise. There's a banner that was held by a mourner in 1865, when a funeral train took President Abraham Lincoln's body home to Illinois. The banner reads, "Our Country Shall Be One Country!" Page said it moved him to tears when he first saw it.
"For me it transports me back to that time and that place," Alan Page said.
Signs that once enforced segregation in the South hang from a wall down the center of the gallery. They designated restrooms as "white" or "colored," and marked the "colored waiting room" at train and bus stations. Just across from it is an assembly of vibrant pictures by black artists, showing how African-Americans reclaimed control over their own narrative. Diane Page said the contrast between the "oppressive and expressive" is deliberate.
Alan Page, a feared member of the Vikings' Purple People Eaters defensive line in the 1970s, played in all four of their Super Bowl appearances. He's one of only two defensive players ever voted the NFL MVP. He also became the first black justice on the Minnesota Supreme Court, serving 22 years until he hit the mandatory retirement age of 70 in 2015.
The Pages timed the exhibit to coincide with the Super Bowl on Feb. 4 in Minneapolis, but he noted that it also comes "at this time when white supremacy is raising its ugly head" in ways that he thought he would never see again.
"We hope the exhibit will challenge people by seeing what took place in the past, and challenge them in ways that will cause them to think about taking action, not only to prevent them from happening again, but to end the effects of that past, the effects that still linger today," he said.
It's one thing to see a picture of an artifact from that era; it's another to actually stand in front of it, said Lois Langer Thompson, director of the Hennepin County Library system. She said the library's location on the Nicollet Mall pedestrian zone, the site of a 10-day fan festival with free concerts and other attractions, makes it convenient for visitors to stop by and see the exhibit — and warm up.
Diane Page started the collection about 30 years ago after a friend pointed out that missing amid the sleek decor and a couple of Andy Warhols on the walls of their home were any pieces of African-American art or cultural items to educate the four Page children about their heritage. Eventually, the couple would visit antique stores and work with dealers to fill their home, and his Supreme Court chambers, with artifacts from slavery and the Jim Crow era.
"These items represent facts," he said. "Not somebody's opinion about what happened. Not somebody's view about what did or didn't occur, but actual facts. ... They help me understand where we are today. The disparities in education, our criminal justice system. For me the message I get is that we haven't come to grips with the discrimination that comes, that came with those facts. We haven't addressed the present effects of that past history, the present effects of that past discrimination."
Daughter Georgi Page-Smith took the lead in assembling the more than 100 items on display in the exhibit, which includes a "testification station," made from her father's stand-up desk from his chambers, where visitors are invited to write their impressions in a leather-bound book.
"We knew it would be very emotional," she said. "So we wanted to create an area where people could just stop for a minute, and do a little processing, and then reflect back to us."
As part of the exhibit, Alan Page will give a talk Wednesday called "TESTIFY: It's Not About the Flag or the Anthem, It's About Justice." He said the controversy over players kneeling during the national anthem misses the point.
"That debate about the anthem and the flag are the reddest of red herrings. The point is that we have injustice. And the question is: what are we going to do about that? Protesting draws attention to that injustice, but it's a tactic. It's not a program to end injustice. And so one of the things I also hope to do is encourage those who would be inclined to protest to take the next step, and take some concrete actions beyond merely drawing attention to the problem, and being involved in steps to eliminate it."
10:41 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Knesset committee meeting for annexing Ma'ale Adumim The Committee for Legislation is convening to discuss the legal aspects of applying Israeli law to Ma'ale Adumim.
► ◄ Last Briefs
If you see a Melania Trump lookalike around Houston, you're not imagining things.Claudia Sierra, 41, recently underwent nine cosmetic procedures in an effort to look more like the First Lady.Over a course of nine hours, Dr. Franklin Rose performed the surgeries, which included an eye lift, fat grafts in her temples and cheeks, rhinoplasty, breast implants, a tummy tuck, liposuction on her thighs and back and a Brazilian butt lift.But that's not all - Sierra even got hair extensions and a wardrobe overhaul to look even more like Trump."I know that I'm going to get a lot of criticism," Sierra told "Inside Edition" about her procedures. "I keep hearing that I need psychological help. That I should not want to look like anyone else."
TAIPEI (Taiwan News)--A rescue team set out on Thursday for a mission to search and rescue a mountaineer who became trapped in high mountains with a broken leg and no food to eat after a 30-day expedition of hiking alone through a treacherous area in the Central Mountains in northeastern Taiwan.
The mountaineer surnamed Lee had been hiking from a giant rock, which is said to be a sacred place for the Atayal tribe, near the border of Nantou County and Hualien County, towards a deserted Japanese-built logging railway station called Ha-Lun (哈崙) in the deep mountains of Hualien County, according to a rescuer nicknamed “Snow Ram.” The route cuts through a densely vegetated and rarely visited area and there is no trail to follow, Snow Ram said, adding that it is sheer exploration.
Lee, who had lost contact with the outside world for 30 days, used the last remaining battery power in his cell phone to make distress calls on Wednesday after suffering from injuries in his lower leg. Lee told the dispatcher that he fell into a valley and broke his lower leg, which made him unable to walk. He said he crawled all the way up to the ridge to wait for rescue, adding that he had consumed all his food and was worried about getting hypothermia.
Hualien County Fire Department Captain Wang Ming-chung (王明忠) said the location where Lee is being trapped is presumably on a ridge to the west of the Ha-Lun station at an elevation of 2,400 meters above sea level.
The rescue team consisting of seven people set out to search for Lee from Shoufeng Township, Hualien County on Thursday morning in spite of the rain.
Wang said that it will take five days to reach the location where Lee is being trapped by walking and as the visibility is low in the mountains due to the rainy weather, it is impossible to airdrop food and other materials to Lee.
According to the weather forecast, there will be rains in the mountainous area in the next few days, so Lee will have to be able to endure until the weather turns mild to be airlifted, he added.
“IMPROVE puts money back in the pockets of all Tennesseans and helps attract manufacturing jobs all while delivering nearly 1,000 road and bridge projects across all 95 counties. The Tennessee we can be provided not only access to opportunity, but the tools to be successful – good roads that take you to good jobs. As a conservative plan, the IMPROVE Act helps make us the Tennessee we can be,” Haslam said in an email statement.
Haslam's IMPROVE Act looks to raise the state's gas tax on gasoline by 6 cents and diesel by 10 cents, as well as cuts on the state's grocery tax and franchise and excise tax.
Committees in both houses approved the legislation last week, although some difference remains between the two versions. The Senate version also includes a property tax relief for eligible veterans and the elderly.
The House has seen several attempts to alter Haslam's plan, including a popular alternative introduced by Rep. David Hawk, R-Greeneville. Hawk's plan would have redirected a quarter of 1 percent of sales tax directly to the transportation fund, which should create about $291 million of reoccurring money every single year.
Hawk said during a House subcommittee meeting that he has worked with House leadership, including Speaker Beth Harwell, R-Nashville, to create an alternative plan, with the possibility of a phased-in approach to the gas tax increase or using general fund revenues.
He also did not rule out the possibility of introducing the alternative on the House floor this week.
The legislation has been heavily analyzed since Haslam introduced the measure, which he said would help alleviate about $278 million in backlogged transportation projects throughout the state.
Haslam visited Wilson County in February to discuss the plans, which called for a 7-cent gas tax increase at the time.
Several people questioned why money from a surplus could not be used rather than increasing the gas tax. Haslam said he did not want to commit surplus money to the road projects because they are too important and the surplus is not guaranteed every year.
Rep. Susan Lynn, R-Mt. Juliet, held several town hall meetings before and after the legislation was introduced, including a February meeting at the Mt. Juliet Chamber of Commerce.
Nearly all of the people in attendance said they favored a piece of legislation similar to Haslam's that is revenue neutral, rather than one similar to Hawk's proposal. Lynn said Hawk's plan is simple, but would go against two of the state's main principles when it comes to roads – build roads with cash and fund roads through user pay principles.
“In other words, those who use the roads pay for the roads and that way, what each person pays is proportion with their usage,” she said.
Economist Art Laffer, member of former President Ronald Reagan's Economic Policy Advisory Board, also offered his thoughts on the legislation earlier this year.
“We don't need more taxation in the state of Tennessee. We don't. You don't need to spend everything you get. When I look at the situation here, highway funding does appear to be a very needed activity. That's true, but we don't need to raise taxes and cut taxes that are temporary,” Laffer said. “We need to keep our taxes low and when you get extra revenues in, you want to make darn sure that you use those revenues to continue to control taxes.”
Under the IMPROVE Act, a total of 962 projects throughout the state would start within the next eight years, including 10 Wilson County road projects.
Among the Wilson County projects are two highly debated roadways in State Route 109 and South Mt. Juliet Road. The State Route 109 project is designated for the roadway from Highway 70 and north to the county line at Dry Fork Creek. The 7.5 miles of work is estimated to cost $18.5 million. The South Mt. Juliet Road project is estimated to cost $25.4 million to address the area between Central Pike and Providence Way.
Two Interstate 40 projects could address issues from Interstate 840 to Highway 70 and from State Route 109 to 840. The project's estimated total is $94 million.
Other projects include Central Pike from Old Hickory Boulevard to Mt. Juliet Road, Highway 70 from Park Glen Drive to Bender's Ferry Road, Hartsville Pike from south of Spring Creek to north of Lover's Lane and Hartsville Pike from north of Lovers Lane to Highway 70.
A new interchange at I-40 and Central Pike is also listed under the interstate program and estimated at $14.2 million.
Another project would feature I-40 and stretches across Davidson, Dickson, Cheatham, Williamson and Wilson counties, estimated to cost $4 million.
“IMPROVE directly addresses how we fund our roads and bridges for the first time in 30 years, keeping our transportation network safe, reliable and debt-free for the next generation of Tennesseans, and it provides Tennesseans the largest tax cut in our great state's history,” Haslam said.
Both houses are expected to take up the legislation Wednesday.
Getty Image / A24
The Coen brothers, the Russo brothers, the Wachowski siblings: sibling filmmaking teams sound great on paper, but how does that actually work in practice? While I can't speak to Benny and Josh Safdie's exact work practices, the sibling filmmakers behind Heaven Know What (directed by Josh and Benny, written by Josh and Ronald Bronstein) and now Good Time (ditto) have a clear dynamic when interviewed. Clean-shaven, caffeinated Benny, who answers quickly and expansively, is the performer, the actor-y one, eager to play this promotional game. Josh, hirsute in face and hair like an age-reversed Rick Rubin, dressed in his aggressively normcore director's uniform of black jacket and promotional hat from the movie he's just directed, is the artist, given to more considered responses, and to shepherding his brother back on track.
The pair seem precocious in person, though I hadn't guessed it from their film. Good Time is gritty and committed to realism, but without the self-seriousness you expect from young filmmakers exploring Very Serious Subjects. It never feels bloated or overly earnest, and they've smartly used their sociological impulses in service of a genre movie, which gives Good Time a tightness a lot of similar works lack. Whatever they're doing, it's working.
It was disconcerting at first, being face to face with this gregarious, articulate version of Benny, when up until that moment I'd known him only as his character in Good Time, Nick Nikas, the brooding, unibrowed, mentally challenged brother to Robert Pattinson's Connie Nikas, a tweaky, circle-bearded grifter. Pattinson was there too, the former sparkly vampire familiar with the process, affable and happy to be just Rob, a guy doing a movie.
You always go into these things thinking you want to know more about the famous guy, only to find that you kind of already know a lot, because of the fame. Then you hit on something interesting, like the fact that the actor playing Good Time‘s most interesting character, Ray (Buddy Duress), actually inspired the whole movie, by doing time at Rikers Island after being on the run while shooting the Safdies' previous movie. Only by then, your time is almost up and you have to go. It's just how these things go sometimes. But judging by the response to their movie, I have a feeling these guys will be making the rounds again soon.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 10-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 9-1-2 8-9-1 5-3-1 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 12-5-0 6-7-1 5-3-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 10-5-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 12-5-2 4-6-0 5-4-2 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 6-4-3 5-6-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 5-6-4 6-7-1 3-7-0 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 6-6-3 5-8-1 3-3-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 3-9-1 4-8-5 2-4-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 11-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 10-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 9-6-2 7-4-1 4-1-2 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 8-3-2 7-8-1 4-5-0 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 10-4-0 6-9-1 4-8-0 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 8-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 5-6-3 9-6-1 3-5-0 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 7-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 8-5-1 6-8-1 4-5-1 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 5-9-0 7-7-2 4-1-0 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114 3-8-1 4-13-4 1-5-3
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado 2, Pittsburgh 1
N.Y. Islanders 3, Washington 1
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 50 30 15 5 65 155 141 Toronto 52 29 18 5 63 167 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 50 24 18 8 56 144 146 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 52 25 22 5 55 173 189 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Vancouver 4, Colorado 3, OT
Wednesday's Games
Toronto 5, N.Y. Islanders 0
Washington 5, Philadelphia 3
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Saturday's Games
Ottawa at Philadelphia, 1 p.m.
Anaheim at Montreal, 1 p.m.
Detroit at Florida, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Columbus at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Winnipeg, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Minnesota at Dallas, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Chicago at Calgary, 10 p.m.
Arizona at Los Angeles, 10:30 p.m.
Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat expressed his hopes that the new US administration will fulfill its promises regarding Israel during the International annual Conference for Rabbis and community leaders in the Diaspora organised by the World Zionist Organization's(WZO) Department for Religious Affairs.
Barkat also gave an interview to Arutz Sheva following his speech.
"This is an opportunity to wish President-elect Donald Trump success in his position, I hope and believe that the US embassy will move to Jerusalem speedily, in our days," Barkat said.
He turned to the rabbis and told them, "I know the worldwide importance of the job you are doing, the ability to connect to the leadership, heads of state, leaders of opinion in the wider world, to convey the message of Zion to the world."
"You are all shareholders in Jerusalem. We of course do live here and promote our city, but there is no doubt that all of us in the Jewish world are shareholders in Jerusalem," Barkat says.
More than a hundred rabbis from around the world arrive in Israel this week to mark 50 years since the liberation of Jerusalem, about a week after the UN Security Council decided that Israeli sovereignty over parts of the city, including the Western Wall, is considered illegal under international law.
The rabbis, who come from dozens of countries around the world, will participate this week in the World Conference of Rabbis and Community Leaders in the Diaspora of the World Zionist Organization's Center for Religious Affairs in the Diaspora.
Among other places, the rabbis arrived from large communities such as the United States and France, but also from regions like the Amazon, India, and Singapore.
DEMOTTE, Ind. (AP) — A northwest Indiana woman has honored her father's memory with a humorous obituary that recounts his fondness for his family and details how he left behind 32 jars of Miracle Whip, 17 boxes of Hamburger Helper and other items that could prove helpful in a zombie apocalypse.
The obituary for Terry Ward also says he "escaped this mortal realm" with a belief that "The Blues Brothers" was the best movie ever. It recounts how he drove one of his Illinois high school teachers to an early retirement, volunteered to serve in the U.S. Army and worked "39 years of begrudging service" for AT&T. It also includes a long list of things he loved — including "free beer" and "discussing who makes the best pizza" — and says he was known for doling out ice cream sandwiches to his grandchildren.
Jean Lahm said she wrote the obituary for her father with a bit of humor because he "lived to make other people laugh." She said she began writing the obituary Tuesday after the 71-year-old died from a massive stroke.
"I wrote it myself and I didn't tell anyone I was going to make it funny," said Lahm, who added that her family thought the obituary was perfect.
The obituary has gotten attention online and Lahm said she's read comments from others saying, "I wish I would have known him." She said she's just happy to have been able to "get his personality across."
"He cared about the things that truly mattered. A lot of people can relate to that. A lot of people have these great dads that are just like that. Good guys. That's what he was," Lahm said.
Officials say a woman caught trying to smoke on a Southwest flight has been arrested after shouting she was going to kill everyone on the plane.
Sacramento County sheriff's spokesman Shaun Hampton said Monday that 24-year-old Valerie Curbelo was arrested on the tarmac when the plane landed Saturday.
Hampton says when the crew stopped Curbelo from having a cigarette in the plane's bathroom, she threatened to kill all the passengers and crew and became combative.
Southwest said in a statement that the flight from Portland, Oregon, received priority treatment from air traffic control and landed safely in Sacramento.
In a jailhouse interview with KOVR-TV, Curbelo, of Sandy, Oregon, said anxiety drove her to smoke.
She said she didn't know why she made the death threats, adding that it wasn't typical behavior for her.
Bunchie Young sports bright blue hair and Bible verses on his arms. But what is getting him attention on the football field is his raw athletic talent.
And he's only 11.
“He's a fast kid, like I can't even describe how fast he is,” Young's trainer, Mike Evans, told ABC News' Chris Connelly.
Bunchie said that when he's speeding down the field, “It's like nobody can touch you really, like when you run it, people [will] be all behind you and nobody will touch you.”
His favorite parts of the game? “Well, my teammates. I love my teammates,” he said. “And scoring touchdowns.”
WHAT TO KNOW One California training center has been pegged by college football programs for finding young athletes.
ABC News
The 5th-grader is already drawing attention from college football recruiters, and he's not the only very young prospect to get such attention.
Bunchie's dad, Dave Young, told ABC News he received a call from the University of Illinois.
“He was like, 'Man, your son is amazing. I mean your son is amazing. I just want to just build a relationship with you guys,'” Dave Young said.
Bunchie's trainer, Evans, is a former standout safety at the universities of Nevada and Louisville and is now owner of LacedFacts Training, a football academy in Norwalk, California, dedicated to training young, aspiring athletes.
“A lot of our workouts are real intense," Evans said. "You know you might sometimes see a kid cry because it is so hard.”
Dave Young said there are times when his all-star son doesn't want to go to practice, but he reminds the boy, “To be the best, man, you've got to practice when you don't even want to practice. So it's a grind, son. It's a grind, and that's what makes a champion.”
Between the young athletes' hard work and Evans' personal contacts in the college football world, the trainer said he is able to get his kids noticed by major college programs. “Everybody in the coaching world that I have ties to, they know that I'm not going to talk about a kid if he's not a good kid. You know, that's my credibility.”
ABC News
A good friend of Bunchie's who also trains with Evans has already received similar calls from college programs. Havon Finney Jr., 10, said that thanks to “social media and Mike” he got an offer from University of Nevada.
“I just thought it was unbelievable,” Risha Finney, Havon's mother said, adding that it didn't register for her that a 9 year old could receive an offer.
The boy's father, Havon Finney Sr., noted that a call from a recruiter is just that.
“It's not like the kid is going to play college football at 9 years old,” Finney said.
ABC News
Evans trains nearly 200 young football players at his facility and recently expanded to include an accredited school, which Bunchie, Havon and 7-year-old standout Kaleb Herndon will attend next fall.
Evans said he anticipates Kaleb could likely receive a college scholarship offer by the summer.
Evans said that eight college coaches came to his training facilities within two weeks of opening last year. And while some coaches want to wait until the kids are in high school, Evans knows that could be a missed opportunity.
He said he tells coaches, “'If you don't get them now then who knows who they're going to go to in high school.'”
“A lot of coaches are, like, 'OK ... send me the video then,'” Evans said.
ABC News
Lane Kiffin, a former NFL coach now at Florida Atlantic University, said he's had his own fair share of experience recruiting very young players.
“It's just got younger and younger. That's just where we're at now,” Kiffin said. “It goes back to making an impact so that the kid understands, OK we researched, we found you before anybody else did.”
Evans said that for kids to get that level of recognition is affirming.
“I think for the most part this is letting the kid know that he is special and they were first to do it. You know, Bunchie will always remember Illinois,” Evans said.
Neither of the football teams at the University of Illinois nor the University of Nevada confirmed that offers were made to Young or Finney, telling ABC News they don't talk about unsigned recruits. The offers are not binding on the schools or the kids.
Kiffin said that after they hear about a young player, coaches make sure to call the family first.
“We call the family first [to] say, ‘Is he able to handle this? Is he mature enough, you know, that this won't go to his head and all of a sudden he won't do great in school and keep striving to be better in football?' So we research all about [it] to make sure it's the right time,” Kiffin said.
Recruiting kids before high school has been a hot topic of discussion among coaches, trainers and parents of athletes in recent years, but some people can't get on board.
“This is absurd, this is absurd on so many levels,” USA Today sports columnist Christine Brennan told ABC News. “So you are an 11- or 12-year-old who already got an offer from a college. And even though we know that's not binding, we know that they can change their mind ... But how hard is that when all the adults in your life are already, kind of have you, directed in this manner?”
Evans thinks there are worse things young boys could be spending their time dedicated to than football. “I'd rather a kid is thinking about college now than thinking about joining the gang,” he said. “You know it's not just about football. You know it's about opening these kids' mind that there is more to life than the communities that we come from.”
Another overall concern is the safety of the sport; some states have recently called for the ban of tackle football for kids under a certain age, like 12 years old.
Kurie Hooks, Herndon's mother, said that her son's physical safety, amid growing concerns about concussions, is vital. “I want to make sure that his brain is protected,” she said, adding that her “biggest fear” is head-to-head contact.
But Evans said he teaches the kids to play safe. “I feel like the kids have to learn how to play safe. I feel like that's why you do it at such a young age. So you're not using your head,” he explained.
Finney Jr. said that getting tackled, “feels like someone's wrapping you up,” and that it “doesn't hurt.” Young said he's able to avoid big hits and tackles: “I rarely get tackled, but, because like I usually, I usually score touchdowns … So, I don't really get tackled.”
Young and Finney Jr., who (met playing football when they were just 2 years old) find that their success as football players has made them popular in the public sphere, particularly on social media. Finney Jr. has over 23,000 Instagram followers alone, and Young just hit 22,000 followers on Instagram.
ABC News
Late last year, Young was named Sports Illustrated Kid's “Sportskid of the Year” and flown to New York City to walk the red carpet, where he met and received advice from Houston Texans star JJ Watt. “Just keeping working really hard. Most importantly, have fun. Just remember you're a kid. Just be a kid and have fun,” Watt told Young at the time.
While the NFL may be the ultimate dream for their kids, Finney's parents said that getting a college education is the real win. “The NFL is great ... But a free college education,” Finney said, “we don't have to come out of pocket.”
Play
“It's about getting these kids prepared -- not just as athletes, but as young men and women,” Young's mother Laura Deshazor-Dunn added.
And Evans said that a lot of his players share that goal. “They want to go to college. That's like the biggest vision that I see and that's consistent amongst all the kids that I talked to,” he said. “We know that NFL stands for ‘Not For Long,' But a college degree, a college education lasts forever.”
Both Finney Jr. and Young have larger aspirations outside football. “I'll get my college degree. And help the homeless,” Finney Jr. said. And Young, who also wants to get his degree as well as an MBA, said that if he can't play football he wants to “build the Bunchie Young Foundation for cancer research.” He also wants to become the mayor of Hollywood.
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
Philippine government forces have foiled an attempt by a few dozen Muslim militants aligned with the Islamic State group to attack a small southern town in fighting that left four gunmen dead, an army official said Wednesday.
Army Lt. Col. Harold Cabunoc said troops clashed with 30-40 militants Tuesday and drove them away from the small farming community of Mopac where they planned to launch an attack on the town center of Datu Paglas about a half kilometer (quarter mile) away.
The militants from the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters led by Solaiman Tudon occupied several abandoned houses in Mopac, where he used to live, over the weekend but his family and other villagers asked the gunmen to leave.
"They took sniper positions and placed some bombs in the community and that alarmed the villagers," Cabunoc said.
Troops backed by artillery fire later arrived and clashed with the militants, who fled and were being pursued by government forces, Cabunoc said, adding that villagers started returning to their homes in Mopac on Wednesday.
Tudon's group is one of several small armed militant factions that have expressed support to the Islamic State group.
Clashes have erupted this week in a number of rural villages in Maguindanao province, where Datu Paglas is located, as troops pressed sporadic offensives to prevent a repeat of last year's siege of southern Marawi city by hundreds of Islamic State group-aligned militants. The five-month fighting in Marawi left more than 1,000 combatants and civilians dead and displaced hundreds of thousands of villagers.
NEW DELHI (AP) — India's foreign minister says the bodies have been found of 39 Indian workers who were abducted by militants in Iraq three years ago.
The abducted workers, mostly from northern India, had been employed by a construction company near Mosul when militants overran the Iraqi city and seized wide swaths of territory. Relatives said they received phone calls from some of the workers five days after Mosul was captured in 2015 saying they needed help.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj told lawmakers in Parliament on Tuesday that the bodies were recently found buried in a mound of earth.
Swaraj said DNA tests confirmed that 38 of them were the kidnapped workers. The DNA test for the remaining body has yet to be fully confirmed.
NEW YORK (AP) — The New York City police commissioner calls the subway pipe-bombing a "terror-related incident"
Colombia's president Juan Manuel Santos says no Latin America country would accept any form of U.S. military intervention in Venezuela and that it should never even be considered.
Santos held a joint news conference Sunday in Cartagena with visiting U.S. Vice President Mike Pence.
President Donald Trump said Friday that he will not rule out the possible use of the U.S. military to help restore democracy to Venezuela.
Recalling more than a century of U.S. military action throughout Latin America, Santos said no Latin leader wants “that phantom” to reappear.
He said a return to democracy in Venezuela must be peaceful, calling America a “continent of peace…let us preserve it as such.”
Pence did not rule out using military force, but he did not directly talk about it either.
He said there are may option available to pressure the Maduro regime in Venezuela, including more economic and diplomatic pressure. He assured Santos and everyone that the U.S. will not stand by as Venezuela “crumbles” and slides into dictatorship.
He said a failed state in Venezuela endangers the entire continent. He said Trump sent him to Latin America to marshal and consolidate regional support for the need to help the Venezuelan people.
Earlier Sunday, CIA Director Mike Pompeo told Fox News Sunday that Trump talked about the possibility of military actionto “give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored.” Venezuela called Trump's threat “reckless.”
Colombia is the first stop on Pence's week-long trip to to Latin America, which includes visits to Argentina, Chile, and Panama.
Pence and Santos also discussed drug and cocaine trafficking and Colombia's so-far successful peace agreement ending 50 years of war with FARC rebels.
In Chile, Pence will face questions over the U.S. withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact, Chile's U.S. ambassador Juan Gabriel Valdes told the VOA Spanish service. “With or without the U.S., we will continue working in the Asia Pacific to push for an agreement that results in clear rules for everyone,” Valdes said.
He added that his nation hopes the United States does not follow through on the threat to leave the Paris climate agreement because Chile believes that climate change is real.
U.S. trading partner Panama, home to the Panama Canal, established diplomatic ties with China in June, and Pence's upcoming visit comes against the backdrop of a growing Chinese trade role in the region. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: United States
A South Bay man who endured a horrific tragedy just months ago is facing a new setback.Gary Classen's wife Polly and son Trent were killed in a tragic accident in March.Now, he may lose the home he shared with his family."We've had bonfires out here. We've roasted smores -- it was a place we would dream of retiring," Classen told ABC7 News.He moved into his Los Gatos home two years ago, but he may be forced to say goodbye to the house that holds so many precious memories of his late wife and son.The county got wind of a rental unit on the bottom floor -- apparently built without permits decades ago. This means Gary will likely be prohibited from renting it out. This is a loss of income that covers most of his mortgage."I would need to sell. I'd have to move out and I'd have to leave the home that my family, my wife, and my son loved and that I love," Classen added.Classen, his wife, and his 8-year-old son were playing on a frozen pond when they fell through the thin ice. He says what's helped him cope has been the serenity of his mountain home and the emotional support from his tenants -- who are now busy packing in case they have to move."I think we kind of know the pain he's been through the most I mean we're right here and I worry about him being alone," said tenant and friend Christina Temple.It's unclear how the county learned about the property. Usually, it's someone from the public who calls it in.If so, Classen says he harbors no resentment.He's waiting to hear from the county about what his options are -- in the meantime, Classen is relying on his faith. "I know there will be a future and that I'm in good hands. I'll be okay."
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
By Annie Reuter
Update: Drake has deleted his Instagram post.
Drake surprised the crowd at Coachella this past weekend when he joined Future for a three-song performance of “Jumpman,” “Gyalchester” and “Fake Love” and while he looked like he had a blast on stage, the rapper revealed that he had a much less enjoyable experience when he was racially profiled during his stay at the Madison Club.
Related: Drake, Migos Joins Future on Stage at Coachella
While the club is described as “the most exclusive private residential community in La Quinta, California offering the finest golf and club facilities in an intimate and sophisticated setting,” it seems that Drizzy didn't enjoy all of the amenities the joint has to offer. After his visit to the establishment, Drake slammed the Madison Club on social media.
“The most offensive place I have ever stayed at in my life with staff who pick and choose who they are going to accommodate based on racial profiling,” he captions an image of the club.
Drake's fans had his back and quickly began posting one-star ratings to the Madison Club on Yelp. If the country club didn't know who Drake was while he was staying there, they do now.
Hamas, which is holding the bodies of IDF soldiers, angry over government's decision not to return the bodies of Hamas terrorists.
Hamas on Sunday evening blasted the Israeli government over its decision not to return the bodies of Hamas terrorists who were killed while carrying out terrorist attacks, as part of a new plan of action on bringing back the Israeli soldiers and civilians held captive by Hamas in Gaza.
The terrorist group said in a statement that the decision, as agreed upon by the Security Cabinet, is “vindictive and barbaric”.
“These decisions will not give positive results," it warned.
Hamas, whose charter openly calls for Israel's destruction, continues to hold the bodies of IDF soldiers Hadar Goldin and Oron Shaul, whom it captured during the 2014 Operation Protective Edge.
In addition, it is believed to be holding Avraham (Avera) Mengistu, an Ethiopian Jew who was suffering from mental health problems when he wandered unarmed across the border to Gaza. He has not been heard from since.
Hamas has repeatedly said that Israel would have to “pay the price” to secure the release of Mengistu, Goldin, Shaul and a Bedouin who went missing in Gaza as well.
On Saturday, the terrorist group taunted Israel by publishing two video clips featuring Shaul on the occasion of his birthday.
The first video, which was published four days after Shaul's birthday and the day before New Year's Eve, shows people wearing IDF uniforms sitting around a table. On the table is a cake which says "Oron is in captivity for three years."
Later, a Hebrew-language subtitle appears, which says, "One more New Year away from home." Underneath it, an Arabic subtitle reads, "A new year, and the soldier Oron Shaul is far from his family."
The second video clip shows a soldier tied to a chair, with a picture of Shaul glued onto the actor's face. Opposite him, the cake waits, and the soldier struggles to free himself and reach it, but to no avail. At the end of the video, Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu walks in the door, dressed as a clown. Netanyahu then walks towards the cake and puts out the candles.
"The decision is in the government's hands," reads the final subtitle in Hebrew and Arabic.
The Latest on sexual misconduct allegations against actor Steven Seagal (all times local):
1:15 p.m.
A lawyer for Steven Seagal says the actor adamantly denies sexual assault allegations made by two women against the action star.
Faviola Dadis said at a news conference Monday that Seagal toucher her sexually without her consent in 2002 when she was 17, and Regina Simons said Seagal assaulted her in 1995 when she was 18.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti said later Monday that the accounts of both women are "completely fictitious and totally made up."
He says the allegations are a disservice to women who are victimized because of real predators in the film industry.
The women are the latest of several who have come forward in recent months to accuse the 65-year-old action actor of sexual misconduct. He has denied all of the allegations.
———
11:30 a.m.
An aspiring actress says she was 17 when actor Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her during a supposed casting session in 2002.
Faviola Dadis said at a news conference Monday that she had recently moved to the U.S. from the Netherlands when she was invited to a Beverly Hills hotel room to audition for Seagal for a film he planned to make about Genghis Khan.
The 33-year-old former model says only Seagal and his bodyguard were in the room when the actor reached under her bikini top and then grabbed her genitals.
Dadis said she ended the audition and immediately left. She says she feared being blacklisted if she reported Seagal, and only recently filed a police report. Los Angeles County prosecutors say they are reviewing the case.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
Mike Huckabee says Judea and Samaria should be 'open,' says he thinks Trump will take 'very positive steps' supporting Israel.
While Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu traveled to the US to meet US President Donald Trump, Former Governor of Arkansas Mike Huckabee attended on Tuesday night an event in the Binyamin Region town of Psagot.
"I don't know that anything has changed," Huckabee told Arutz Sheva. "I mean, he certainly has his hands full right now with things in the US. But, I have not gotten any indication that the president has in any way dialed back his commitment, whether it's to move the Embassy, certainly to stand with Israel, to do everything possible to destroy the Iranian deal, I think all of those things are still very much front and center for this administration.
"I think we're going to recognize that Jerusalem is the legitimate capital of Israel, it should be a united city. I hope this all happens sooner rather than later."
Regarding Netanyahu's upcoming meeting with Trump, Huckabee said, "I'm not privy to the agenda, but I'm sure they're going to talk most prominently about Iran, and the threat that it poses not just to Israel but to the United States.
"I think they're going to talk about the UN resolution and how hurtful that was. Again, not just to Israel, but to the balance of power in the Middle East. And I'm sure they'll talk about everything from the embassy and settlements, I'm sure all of those things will come up. But I have to believe that the centerpoint of the conversation will be about Iran.
"I think America is going to be much more supportive. I mean, this is Israel. It's their country, their land. Judea and Samaria should be open for people of Israel to live wherever they want to live. I hope that's the message that President Trump will give to Prime Minister Netanyahu."
Huckabee also said he visits Israel several times a year, sometimes for business or political meetings, and sometimes leading groups.
"We have almost 400 people this time," he said. "These are people who come from America to learn, not only about the Biblical perspective of Israel, but also to understand how Israel fits into the whole geopolitical system of the world.
"I hope to take back 400 ambassadors for Israel, when we get back to the United States.
"I think the fact that the Obama administration is out of office, that is good news for Israel. Because they've been terrible, absolutely horrible for Israel. If Donald Trump doesn't do anything, it'll be better for Israel.
"But I think he's going to take a number of very positive steps that will show the world that the US is truly aligned as an ally of the State of Israel."
Also participating in the event were MK Yehuda Glick (Likud), Binyamin Regional Council Deputy Head Yisrael Gantz, Rabbi Avraham Gisser, and others.
Loading....
Magical lights and animals are the theme for Christmas at Waddesdon this year, with thousands of fairy lights on the trees in the house and a huge fluorescent dragon in the grounds.
The annual Christmas Fair market stalls, have been moved from the back of the house to the North Front.
One of the house decorations. Picture by Heather Jan Brunt
So when visitors arrive, they are greeted with 80 pretty wooden chalets selling everything from unique gifts to delicious food lining the drive up to the house.
The trees behind them are lit with pretty pink lights and the manor itself is incredible, From dusk, the front is decorated with an extraordinary light and sound show, Waddesdon Imaginarium, created by video design students from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
Projected onto the manor's ornate facade, the show has been inspired by the architecture, gardens and history of the estate with objects from the collections 3D scanned and transformed into detailed animations.
Visitors can see roaming porcelain animals, dancing musical clocks, fluttering clouds of butterflies and moths and 18th century portraits creating a fantastical visual story of Waddesdon.
The decorated bathroom. Picture by Heather Jan Brunt
Pippa Shirley, head of collections and gardens, said of the results of the collaboration with Guildhall: ”The house is exploding and the collection is liberated in a most extraordinary way. The musical sound track used is specifically for the projection and it was composed, created and is performed by the students.”
After several years of outdoor light installations from Bruce Munro, American artist Lauren Booth is now illuminating the Rothschild grounds with Electric Menagerie. The display winds from the Aviary to The Stables with a collection of neon goats, parrots, a flea circus and a quite spectacular dragon lighting up the darkness of the evening.
Inside the house, the theme for this year's decorations, Enchanted Menagerie, celebrates the weird and wonderful animals that can be seen throughout Waddesdon's collections, from an elephant parade inspired by the 18th century musical automaton to a life sized zebra and trees decked with colourful birds and mythical beasts, and in the Bachelor's Wing Noah's Ark in the billiard room and a very amusing bathroom decoration featuring sealions.
Florist Mike Massaro worked with his colleagues at The Flower People to create much of the artistry in the house. He said the project was planned over two to three months off site and then seven people arrived to put the displays together over several days. Fourteen feet Christmas trees are used throughout the house with 10,000 fairy lights, 3,000 baubles, 500 animals, 300 birds and 700 butterflies.
There is plenty of food and drink to keep visitors warmed and filled up during a visit to the manor. In addition to the tasty refreshments on offer from the Christmas Fair market stalls, the Wigwam Cafe has returned, and there is the Treaterie at the Stables and festive teas and lunches at the Manor Restaurant.
Waddesdon is open for Christmas from 11am-6pm Wednesdays to Sundays until January 2 (closed December 24, 25 and 26). Although not usually open on Mondays and Tuesdays, it will open on Monday January 1 and Tuesday January 2. Admission to the house and grounds is £25 for adults, £12.50 children, free for under fives. Admission to the grounds only is £10 adults, £5 children. Discounts are available, full information on opening times and ticket prices at www.waddesdon.org.uk
The Christmas Fair is at the manor during opening hours until Sunday December 10.
RICHMOND, Va. (WRIC) — While Virginia's gubernatorial race is still shaping up, we have a good idea of how the ballot will look for the race for attorney general.
The presumptive nominees are democratic incumbent Mark Herring and republican lawyer John Adams — the only candidates to qualify from their respective parties.
The attorney general is essentially the state's top lawyer.
“The attorney general can have a lot of leeway in terms of how the law is implemented and interpreted throughout the state of Virginia,” said political analyst Richard Meagher.
Herring is seeking a second term. Adams, who is new to politics, is currently with Richmond law firm McGuireWoods.
As one of only two states with statewide elections this year, Meagher says national attention — and money — will be pouring in to the campaigns in the commonwealth.
The attorney general enforces the state's laws, prosecutes them in court and has to argue the state's case as cases move up the system.
Meagher says a democratic attorney general would have a different approach than a republican attorney general, for example, when it comes to health care, Medicaid or gun rights.
Herring has served in the role since winning the 2013 election. Adams, trying to differentiate himself from the incumbent, considers himself “a Virginian, not a politician.”
Meagher says in the current political environment, which isn't friendly toward partisanship in general, positioning oneself as an outsider is helpful.
“The problem for Adams is he's going to try and position himself as a political outsider, but he's definitely an establishment figure. I mean, he's a rich lawyer who's working for McGuireWoods for the last 15 years.”
Even more important than the insider-outsider dynamic, according to Meagher, is the national political landscape.
“People across the country are going to be wondering, has Trump's election in 2016 fired up democrats enough that they're going to strongly oppose republicans — even in this kind of smaller, off year statewide election in Virginia?” he said.
The election is on November 7.
A primary election for the House of Delegates and the governor will be held on June 13.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
PARIS (AP) — A tardy Naomi Campbell triggered a dangerous media scrum as she entered Jean-Paul Gaultier's couture ode to smoking in Paris Wednesday.
It raised the heat in the already scorching atmosphere on the final day of Paris fall-winter shows.
Temperatures reached heatwave levels and sweating fashionistas fanned themselves with Gaultier-branded fans.
Here are some highlights of the couture collections.
GAULTIER'S ODE TO SMOKING
It's been banned in public — but smoking evidently has not been outlawed as a source of fashion inspiration.
The unusual homage by Jean-Paul Gaultier to one of the world's dirtiest, and most glamorous, habits made for a typically tongue-in-cheek collection of 73 varied looks.
A black bison tuxedo jacket had the words "Gaultier Smoking" emblazoned on the front.
It was a play on words on the French translation on "tuxedo," which is "le smoking" — and one that continued in myriad black and white deconstructions of tuxedo looks.
A surreal variation on the red Fez hat from Morocco — a country famed for its shisha pipes — also made an appearance. It covered the face, and from eye slits, the red tassels seemed to hang down like tears.
Tulle mouth masks followed white plume boas representing plumes of smoke.
But the final creation — a giant silver bridal veil — was the most creative look. Its shimmering, five-meter (16-foot) train was so diaphanous, it licked the air and evoked rising smoke.
Pedro Almodovar's muse, actress Rossy de Palma, applauded from the front row.
___
ELIE SAAB
Elie Saab took his itinerant couture inspiration to Barcelona this season.
The famed Modernist architecture of Antoni Gaudi — and its organic lines — were the focus of many of the Lebanese designer's gowns.
Oversize rounded shoulders, which were sometimes dramatically raised from the body, were a new silhouette variation on the house's bread-and-butter cinched waist looks.
The industrious Saab couture atelier had got to work to weave the signature crystals, sequins and pearls together to — as the program notes put it — depict "the sinuosity of organic forms."
The swirling stone reliefs of the Musee des Arts Decoratifs venue, inside the Louvre palace, accentuated the clothes' architectural lines.
___
PARIS FASHION GETS TOUGHER ON PRESS
Certain Paris Fashion Week houses pride themselves on careful image control and restrictive press access.
As privately held brands, this is their right — although it can sometimes be excessive and lead to accusations of elitism.
Invitations are sent to carefully selected journalists and buyers, and some houses prefer smaller venues. The system is thought to increase the mystery and cachet of the clothes.
Like Balenciaga, Maison Margiela under John Galliano is one of many with a highly strict policy.
For the second season Maison Margiela extended their media clampdown to all photographic agencies, bar two, sending out a note explaining they would be handling the photography mainly "in-house" for Wednesday's morning show.
The unusual move means that almost all images of the couture are now under the direct control of the Maison Margiela house.
___
Thomas Adamson can be followed at www.twitter.com/ThomasAdamson_K
Transcript for Political data firm with ties to Trump campaign behind scandal with Facebook
tonight, and to new undercover video here involving a company hired by the Trump campaign, a company that allegedly got its hands on up to 50 million Facebook accounts here in the U.S. Without you knowing. Your likes, your religion, your friends. And then, using that information to try to sway your vote. ABC's chief justice correspondent Pierre Thomas with the video tonight, and what that company also allegedly offered. Reporter: Tonight, new undercover video from Britain's channel four making headlines today. Reporters posing as foreigners with political ambitions are meeting with Cambridge analytica. The political data firm with ties to the Trump campaign is making its sales pitch to potential clients. If you are collecting data on people and you're profiling them, that gives you more insight that you can use to know how to segment the population. To give them messaging about issues that they care about. And we use that in America. Reporter: Cambridge analytica is the company behind that growing scandal involving Facebook and how the profiles of 50 million of the social media company's users may have been obtained without them knowing. The reporters even meet this man, Alexander nix, one of the company's founders, who promises to send an attractive woman to trap a rival candidate. Send some girls around to the candidate's house, we could bring some Ukrainians in on holiday. I'm just giving you examples of what can be done and what has been done. Reporter: Tonight, nix is saying he was playing along and had no intentions of breaking any laws. Tonight, questions about Cambridge analytica's ties to the Trump campaign. Steve Bannon helped secure early financing and Cambridge analytica has even touted its research in helping trump win the presidency. Here's the founder, the same person who discusses entrapping the rival candidate, speaking at a conference. But we were able to use data to identify that there was very large quantities of persuadable voters there that could be influenced to vote for the Trump campaign. Reporter: Now, with press reports surfacing, Facebook is banning the company, saying, "Protecting people's information is at the heart of everything we do." Christopher Wylie was an early key employee of Cambridge analytica. He left in 2014, but told ABC's James Longman that they tested some slogans long before the campaign. We tested things like drain the swamp. We started testing before they really gained prominence in American political discourse. Reporter: Cambridge analytica acknowledges the information was inappropriately obtained by a third party, but says it was never used and deleted as soon as they learned there was a problem. And the company is blaming this man, aleksandr Kogan, a researcher hired as a contractor described as a russian-american. How concerned are you that they might have ties to Russia? I'm very concerned about their ties, potentially to Russia, but also their activities in a number of countries where I believe they have proven to be a destabilizing force. So, let's get to Pierre Thomas, live with us tonight. Pierre, there are concerns tonight that some of that data taken from millions of Americans and their Facebook accounts, is still out there? Reporter: That's right. Claiming they deleted all this voter information, but tonight, Facebook is not taking their word, announcing they've hired investigators to figure out exactly what happened. David?
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
(AFP) - Deputy Turkish Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said on MondayTurkey will press on with its military operation in Syria despite the deadly Saturday-night attack on an Istanbul nightclub that was a "message" against the campaign.
Kurtulmus said, "We will carry on our cross-border operations and Euphrates Shield and with determination."
By Abby Hassler
Post Malone showed his love for his fans—and Popeye's biscuits—this past weekend at Coachella by ordering $8,000 worth of food from the fast-food chain at his platinum party for his Stoney album, according to TMZ.
Related: Post Malone Announces Headlining Tour Dates
The rapper ordered 10,000 Popeyes biscuits and used Postmates to deliver the food. In the video, the delivery guy's car looks to be completely packed with Popeyes boxes.
Think he'd be willing to share?
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
One man's heart has bonded two California families together forever.
Mathieu Bergeron, 20, died suddenly in May 2017 when he fell while riding his over-sized skateboard - known as a longboard - and fatally hit his head.
But out of that tragedy a miracle emerged - because Bergeron was an organ donor, and a fellow Californian named Dr. Murray Alsip desperately needed a new heart.
"Almost overnight, I got what appeared to be a cold," Dr. Alsip told ABC affiliate KGTV.
But that "cold" turned out to be a heart condition that made it difficult for Dr. Alsip to walk and, sometimes, breathe.
The former lifeguard and polo player realized he needed a heart transplant and fast. He described feeling like he had "one foot in the grave" before Bergeron's death became his hope.
"When I was diagnosed a million years ago, I knew the day would come," Dr. Alsip told KGTV. "But when the day comes, it's just such a transformation that you can't express in words."
KGTV
So Bergeron's heart now beats in Dr. Alsip's chest.
The organization Lifesharing, connected Bergeron's family and girlfriend with Alsip - first in a letter he wrote to them and ultimately face-to-face.
"Like when I read your letter, I was like, you're the perfect person to get it," Jessica Wallach, Bergeron's girlfriend, told KGTV about Alsip.
Mathieu had the biggest heart... and today his girlfriend heard it beating inside the man he saved ?? @10NewsBrian will share this emotional story on @10News at 11PM tonight #DonateLife #organdonation #hero pic.twitter.com/pbd5DGtGNl — Lifesharing (@LifesharingSD) May 30, 2018
They not only got to meet him, but also to raise a stethoscope to their ears and listen to Bergeron's heart beating again.
KGTV
"We'd always compare because mine wasn't as strong as his, and so, it still is really strong," Wallach said before bursting into tears.
Bergeron's mother couldn't stop thanking Dr. Alsip for agreeing to meet with them.
KGTV
Visit the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' website to find out more information on becoming an organ donor.
So, an "alt-right" speaker is coming to your school. What now?
You can choose to ignore it, you can choose to enlist support from groups normally targeted by the alt-right, or you can simply choose to hold a "joyful" peaceful protest.
Whatever you do, you should deny the speaker a "spectacle" or "heated confrontations."
These and many more tips are available in the newly released Southern Poverty Law Center campus guide to countering the alt-right. Titled "The Alt-Right on Campus: What Students Need to Know," the guide aims to give students a 360˚ look at the alt-right movement, its main speakers and most importantly, suggestions on how to combat the movement.
The guide came out just a few days before the clashes and confrontations sparked by the weekend's planned "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, home of the University of Virginia. Lecia Brooks, SPLC director of outreach, said she thinks the guide could have been helpful in that situation, because it could have helped single out the violent groups that went to Charlottesville for the rally.
The SPLC is an Alabama-based nonprofit organization that monitors hate crimes and hate speech across the country. It released the guide because it believes students are not adequately prepared to deal with the influx of alt-right speakers that have started to flood college campuses throughout the country.
The term alt-right has become intertwined with the term white nationalism, which originated as a euphemism for white supremacy, the belief that white people are superior to all other races and should therefore dominate society, according to Oren Segal, director of the Anti-Defamation League Center on Extremism.
Though people who hold these beliefs may go by names like alt-right, identarians or race realists, this is simply a rebranding: "a new name for this old hatred," Segal said.
Reflecting what observers say is a glaring nationwide trend, many college campuses have seen increasing tensions -- in some cases outright confrontations -- surrounding controversial speakers and programs in recent months.
Two examples: A scheduled appearance by right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos in February at the University of California at Berkeley was canceled amid near-riots. And in April, three people were arrested at Auburn University in Alabama amid mostly peaceful protests over the appearance of white nationalist Richard Spencer.
What to do, what to say
The SPLC guide is "meant to educate the students in advance," said the SPLC's Brooks. She said college administrators and leaders of college groups were ill-equiped to deal with these speakers.
"What often happens is [these speakers] will present themselves as conservative thinkers," Brooks said. "They don't really identify themselves as white nationalists."
The guide is being distributed by the SPLC's on-campus program. It is being sent to over 2,000 schools across the country, including historically black colleges and universities.
On the receiving end are student unions, student groups and college administrators.
Aside from identifying and explaining the main actors behind the alt-right movement, it also offers tips on how to address the situation before the speakers come to campus.
It encourages students to speak to their classmates, make a YouTube video or print out a pamphlet. Other ideas include passing out buttons and making T-shirts.
The guide also suggests enlisting college leadership, faculty and others for help.
Rise of white nationalism on College campuses
Brooks said white nationalism began to grip college campuses throughout America around 2012, with the first "White Students Union."
The union was founded by Matthew Heimbach at Towson University in Maryland. Since then, various other alt-right speakers, such as Yiannopoulos and Spencer, have had successful campus tours. College is a formative time and these speakers normally thrive in that atmosphere, according to Brooks.
For Brooks and the SPLC, the guide isn't about radical new ideas to combat the alt-right and white nationalism, it is more of a way to introduce Yiannopoulos and Spencer to the average college audience and explain that behind the "conservative" speaker is really a white nationalist mentality.
"Students often don't know who they are," Brooks said, and college administrators find themselves in a tough situation trying to protect free speech and also curb hate speech.
The most important piece of advice
The guide's most crucial piece of advice is to not engage directly with the speaker or resort to violence.
"There are many other ways to challenge the beliefs of this movement." it reads.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
Widgetized Section
Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone
DENVER (AP) — Sales of outdoor equipment are slipping as millennials drive changes in U.S. consumer habits by favoring clothes and sporting goods that are less specialized and more versatile, analysts say.
Industry retail sales totaled $18.9 billion from December 2016 through November 2017, down 6 percent from the previous 12 months, according to NPD Group, a market research company that tracks trends in two dozen industries.
The company announced the numbers this week as manufacturers and buyers gathered in Denver for the Outdoor Retailer and Snow Show, the industry's biggest winter marketplace.
Millennials — sometimes defined as people born between 1982 and 2004 — are less likely than the previous generation to demand outdoor gear that stands up to extreme conditions, said Matt Powell, NPD's senior adviser for the sports industry. He used boots as an example.
"The hardest, the most extreme condition some of these boots are going to have is walking from the Prius to the craft brewery," he said.
Powell also cited mountain bikes, which riders can use on streets or trails without special clothing and usually cost less than specialized road bikes.
"I describe it as good-enough products. A product that will get me through most of what I want to do, and a product that is versatile," he said.
Millennials are outdoorsy and support environmental preservation and sustainability, Powell said, but they have a different take on health and fitness than their predecessors. They have a more lighthearted approach that involves their friends, he said.
Some individual retailers and manufacturers have adapted, but the overall industry has not, Powell said.
"I think the outdoor industry has not responded enough to this shift in the mindset of consumers," he said.
Greg Thomsen, U.S. managing director for Adidas Outdoors, said his company is focusing on consumers in their 20s and younger.
"This industry has been aging for a long time, and it's nice to bring in some new people," he said.
Thomsen said millennials like Adidas' Flyloft jacket, which isn't suitable for severely cold weather but still works for outdoor recreation. It's less expensive, easier to care for and more versatile than a more hard-core outdoor jacket, he said, and it's suitable for a day in the mountains or a night on the town.
The Outdoor Retailer and Snow Show gives retail buyers a look at goods they can sell starting next fall. About 1,000 manufacturers are showing new products to 11,000 retail buyers at the show, which opened Thursday and runs through Sunday.
The 500,000-square-foot (46,000-square-meter) expo is packed with nearly everything outdoors people might need, and a few things they might not: Ski parkas and bikinis, snow boots and sandals, axes and accounting software, snowboards and sleds, bicycles and camper vans, packaged food and Colorado whiskey.
Displays range from a humble table to elaborate, two-story exhibits with changing rooms or conference tables. Some exhibitors wore clingy ski pants; another wore a Royal Canadian Mounted Police uniform complete with scarlet tunic.
This is the first Outdoor Retailer Show since it left its longtime home in Salt Lake City. Some big players in the outdoor industry argued that Utah's political leaders were too hostile toward preserving public lands, so the show moved to Colorado, whose environmental politics are more in tune with the industry's.
This week's show is also the first since its producer, Emerald Expositions, acquired the SnowSports Industries America Snow Show, which had been held each January in Denver. Organizers say it's the first time in nearly 30 years that the outdoor and snow industries have a combined show.
Snow industry sales, which include skis, snowboards, boots, bindings and other equipment, are faring better than the larger outdoor industry. For the first four months of the current winter season, sales totaled $2 billion, up 7.8 percent
___
Associated Press writer James Anderson contributed to this report.
___
Follow Dan Elliott at http://twitter.com/DanElliottAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/dan%20elliott .
Transcript for Ivanka Trump's brand in the spotlight over reported new trademarks
George. A lot of tension, Matt Gutman, thanks very much. President Trump planning to sign new executive orders as a new report reveals his daughter ivanka was awarded lucrative trademarks from chinaen 0 the same day she sat down with the Chinese president in Mar-a-Lago and Cecilia Vega has all the latest. Good morning, Cecilia. Reporter: Good morning to you, the associated press is reporting that the famous first daughter's business is booming. Sales they say have hit record levels. Imports are up and at least some of that success has come during some key moments during her short time here at the White House. Now, the day that Ivanka Trump's won provisional approval from the Chinese government for three new trademarks, that would give that company monopoly rights to sell things like jewelry and bags there, that night she and her husband Jared Kushner dined with China's president at Mar-a-Lago. Ethics experts are already weighing in and saying this could pose serious conflict of interest concerns. Ivanka Trump personally has tried to distance herself from her company and stepped down as CEO. She has said that she would recuse herself from con flishlgs of interest. We tried to ask Ivanka Trump, the White House, her team about this report. They have not responded to us yet but her attorney, take a look at this -- did tell the associated press, quote, she has retained authority to direct the trustees to terminate agreements that she determines create a conflict of interest or the appearance of one. But some big questions about that this morning. Can she judge her own conflict is the question. Meantime, these executive orders from the president designs to encourage hiring of American workers and buying of American products somewhat limited in scope. Reporter: This new order will take it tougher for tech companies to replace Americans with foreign workers. We're talking about these highly skilled workers on these h1b Visas. Candidate Trump had called for a moratorium on these Visas. That doesn't go that far and also doesn't seem to impact the seasonal workers at the Mar-a-Lago hotel. He brings them in down at Mar-a-Lago and let's bring in
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Greg Galeazzi trains becoming a doctor at Harvard Medical School after a 2011 roadside bomb in Afghanistan tore off both his legs and much of his right arm.
FOREST PARK, Ohio (AP) — Police are investigating shots fired at two vehicles in a northern Cincinnati suburb.
Forest Park police say no injuries were reported, but two vehicles were shot at. Officers were first called to Hamilton Avenue just off Interstate 275 early Tuesday morning after a woman said a shot was fired at her from a car. A short time later, a tractor-trailer driver reported shots fired at his vehicle while on the interstate.
Police say both vehicles had dents consistent with being hit by bullets. They believe the vehicles were targeted randomly.
Police are asking for cooperation from business owners with security cameras in the area.
Comments
comments
The polarizing politics of abortion have burst into the congressional budget debate, overwhelming bipartisan efforts to help millions of consumers who buy their own health insurance policies get relief from soaring premiums.
On Monday, Senate and House Republicans released their latest plan to stabilize the Affordable Care Act's insurance markets. It provides new federal money to offset the cost of treating the sickest patients and restores insurer subsidies that President Donald Trump terminated last year.
That's clearly a big shift from last year, when repealing "Obamacare" was the GOP's demand. But the fine print of the GOP offer includes restrictions on abortion funding that Democrats have already rejected, a "poison pill" to abortion rights supporters. They say the proposal could block abortion coverage by some health insurance plans consumers purchase with their own money.
Lawmakers of both parties have been negotiating over a health insurance stabilization bill for months, and some experts estimate such legislation could reduce premiums by 20 percent to 40 percent, after two years of relentless increases.
The office of one of the leading Democratic negotiators, Sen. Patty Murray of Washington, Monday called the Republican offer "partisan," saying in a statement it came as a surprise.
In an interview last Friday, Murray said that her GOP counterparts have only recently started raising the issue of abortion restrictions.
"To me that is just unacceptable," Murray said. "Why would they add it on at the last minute?" She complained that some Republicans were taking the stabilization bill "hostage."
The impasse over abortion restrictions on health insurance is just one of several divisive social issues complicating prospects for the $1.3 trillion spending bill that would keep the government open and provide funding increases for military and domestic programs.
Others include a Republican demand for stronger "conscience" protections for clinicians who object to abortions and assisted suicide, and a Democratic maneuver to protect family planning money for Planned Parenthood clinics, which provide birth control for many low-income women.
Federal funding for abortion has long been restricted by a series of laws known as the Hyde amendment, which prohibit taxpayer funds from being used to pay for abortions, expect in cases of rape, incest, or when the woman's life is endangered.
Abortion remains a legal medical procedure in the United States, covered by many employer plans. However, the abortion rate has dropped significantly, from about 29 per 1,000 women of reproductive age in 1980 to about 15 in 2014. Better contraception, fewer unintended pregnancies and state restrictions may have played a role, according to a recent scientific report.
Former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act attempted a compromise over abortion.
Passed with only Democratic votes, the health law allowed plans sold through HealthCare.gov to cover abortion, provided they didn't tap taxpayer subsidies that help low- to moderate-income people pay premiums. Instead the plans would have to collect a separate premium solely for abortion coverage, and keep the accounts strictly separate.
The ACA also allowed states to prohibit abortion coverage in their insurance markets, and about half have done so.
But abortion opponents decried Obama's compromise as a bookkeeping exercise. They wanted the Hyde amendment applied to plans sold to individuals through HealthCare.gov and state insurance markets.
The new GOP bill would apply the Hyde restrictions to two streams of federal money.
One is restored subsidies that compensate insurers for required discounts on copays and deductibles for low-income people.
The second funding stream would stabilize insurance markets by helping cover costs for the sickest patients.
Abortion rights supporters say that the second prohibition could result in abortion restrictions for health insurance that consumers buy with their own money outside of HealthCare.gov. That's because a fund to help with the costs of the sickest patients would help reduce premiums across all plans in a given state.
Sen. Murray is hoping Republicans will change their minds.
But Republicans say they've already come a long way, by signing onto legislation that would address some of the problems with "Obamacare."
"I'm willing to ensure payments are there to bring premiums down," said Rep. Chris Smith, R-N.J. "But we don't want to be complicit in taking the lives of unborn children."
The man who allegedly drove into a group of people who were protesting a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, Saturday, killing a woman and injuring several others, is set to appear at a bond hearing this morning.
James Alex Fields Jr., 20, is charged with second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count related to leaving the scene.
The crash that killed Heather Heyer took place at a United the Right rally spurred on by Charlottesville's plan to remove a Confederate statue from a local park.
The rally was attended by neo-Nazis, skinheads and Ku Klux Klan members, and the white nationalists were met with hundreds of counterprotesters, which led to street brawls and violent clashes.
Fields is accused of driving into the counterprotesters.
A former high school classmate of the suspect told ABC News that Fields had proclaimed himself a neo-Nazi and white supremacist.
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told The Associated Press she knew her son, who had recently moved to Ohio from where he grew up in Kentucky, was attending a rally, but she thought it was a rally for President Donald Trump, not for white nationalists.
"I don't really talk to him about his political views," she said.
A tweet from the University of Toledo's verified account was taken down Tuesday afternoon after the tweet, which promised to change the school's mascot to Shrek if there were 500,000 retweets, started gaining serious traction.
"The tweet was meant to be fun, but it caused too much of a distraction," school spokesperson Christine Billau said in an email to ESPN.
The tweet was up for more than three hours and had accumulated nearly 91,000 retweets. As more and more publications and handles picked up the tweet, the number of retweets gained momentum.
At the time the post was taken down, the tweet was averaging roughly 1,000 retweets per minute.
It was doubtful that even 500,000 retweets would result in a change of Toledo's mascot. DreamWorks Animation owns 12 trademarks to the cartoon ogre, which has generated more than $5 billion in revenue for the company.
Rocky the Rocket has been the mascot of the school's sports teams since 1966, last receiving an updated costume in 2008.
MINNEAPOLIS — The Pro Football Hall of Fame's 2018 class will include a couple of exciting receivers, and a pair of hard-hitting linebackers.
Receivers Terrell Owens and Randy Moss, linebackers Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher, and safety Brian Dawkins were the modern-era players voted into the Hall on Saturday. They're joined in the Hall by senior finalists Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile, and contributor finalist Bobby Beathard.
The voters spent more than eight hours Saturday debating the 15 modern-era finalists. Finalists must get 80 percent of the vote to make it in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Lewis was as close to a lock of a first-ballot Hall of Famer as there can be. He was a 13-time Pro Bowler, two-time Defensive Player of the Year and a Super Bowl MVP. Lewis finished his career with a Super Bowl win at the end of the 2012 season, his second title with the Ravens, and from there it was clear he'd make it into Canton on the first try. He made it easily despite pleading guilty to an obstruction of justice charge after two men were killed after Super Bowl XXXIV in Atlanta.
Ray Lewis will be formally inducted into the Hall of Fame this summer. (AP) More
[Stream Super Bowl LII live on the Yahoo Sports mobile app]
It's fitting that Moss and Owens made it to the Hall of Fame in the same year. Their careers paralleled each other in many ways.
Moss was one of the most electrifying players of the past few decades. He had an iconic rookie season, catching 17 touchdowns for a Minnesota Vikings team that went 15-1. His greatest season came in 2007, when he caught an NFL-record 23 touchdowns as the Patriots went 16-0. Moss is the only player in NFL history to post at least three seasons with at least 17 touchdowns.
CLEVELAND (AP) — A smiling reminder of lazy summer days. An ugly depiction of racism.
Beloved by some, reviled by others.
Chief Wahoo — the grinning, wide-eyed, feather-wearing logo that has divided baseball fans and even families in Cleveland — is being tossed from the game.
Major League Baseball announced Monday that starting in the 2019 season, the Indians will no longer have the polarizing Wahoo logo — used by the club since 1947 — on their jersey sleeves or caps.
Following discussions over the past year between Commissioner Rob Manfred and team owner Paul Dolan, the sides agreed that the cartoonish caricature is "no longer appropriate for on-field use."
It's being applauded as a significant step by some Native American groups, who hope the move pushes other major league franchises, like the NFL's Washington Redskins, to abolish logos or change nicknames deemed offensive.
"It's a step in the right direction," said Philip Yenyo, executive director of the American Indian Movement of Ohio.
While Yenyo was elated when the AP informed him of Wahoo's diminishing status, he also expressed deep disappointment that the Indians will continue to wear the logo during the upcoming season and sell merchandise featuring the big-toothed emblem.
"I don't understand why they're drawing this out," Yenyo said. "It doesn't make any sense to me, unless they want to continue to make what's basically blood money. Just make the leap already."
It may be more complicated than that in Cleveland. Although the club won't acknowledge it publicly, there were financial reasons to consider in banning Wahoo. The team will still profit from its use by selling caps, T-shirts and others products featuring Wahoo in the Cleveland area.
By maintaining the trademark, the Indians will keep control of the logo and its usage. If they surrendered the trademark, another party could use Wahoo anyway it wished.
Manfred said the impetus to remove Wahoo came from MLB's commitment to "building a culture of diversity and inclusion throughout the game." The Commissioner had been urging the Indians to drop the logo since 2016, when the club made its first World Series in 19 years and the national spotlight further illuminated an already touchy subject.
Although MLB and the Indians claim that Cleveland being awarded the 2019 All-Star Game did not play into the decision, it's clear that Manfred, who has been exerting more pressure on Dolan to dump Wahoo, did not want another big event tainted by the contentious logo's presence.
It was time for it to go.
"While we recognize many of our fans have a longstanding attachment to Chief Wahoo, I'm ultimately in agreement with Commissioner Manfred's desire to remove the logo from our uniforms in 2019," Dolan said in announcing the decision.
The Indians may consider an alternative logo in the future, but the team has no plans to change its nickname.
The club had already taken steps to address the concerns of Wahoo protesters, like reducing the logo's visibility and introducing a block 'C' as the club's primary insignia.
That wasn't enough for some Native American groups who believed the logo and nickname diminished them as people.
Yenyo believes changing the nickname is the only thing that will alter the behavior of some fans who may not realize how much their actions hurt others.
"If they don't get rid of the name, then you're still going to have fans going down there wearing headdresses and painted in red face," he said.
There was no immediate reaction from Indians players to MLB's decision.
However, Cleveland fans were quick to respond on social media, weighing in on a topic that has become engrained in the Cleveland sports lexicon for decades.
"It's a big disappointment," Jeremiah Baker of North Ridgeville, Ohio, said after picking through a clearance bin of caps with his wife and two children at a suburban sporting goods store. "Chief Wahoo has been so iconic for so many years, and I understand that some people may be offended, but it's a blow to native Clevelanders."
It will be interesting to see if Wahoo gains popularity following the decision to remove the scarlet-faced insignia. Cleveland's players may no longer be adorned with the logo in '19, but it will remain prominent in the stands as fans won't be denied for wearing caps and T-shits or bringing signs backing the infamous chief into the ballpark.
And to some, that's a sign of the times.
"That's the way it is, I guess," said Baker, wearing one of the team's blue caps with a red 'C'. "I know people get offended about just about everything nowadays. It's disappointing."
Change was inevitable, and it finally happened as the Indians near the start of a new season — the last one with Chief Wahoo on the field.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Writing bug-free software is practically impossible, due to the impracticality of predicting every way in which code might be executed.
But even if developers go above and beyond to avoid flaws that can be exploited by hackers, attackers can often still take advantage of vulnerabilities in the design of the underlying programming language.
At the recent Black Hat Europe conference, IOActive security services revealed it had identified flaws in five major, interpreted programming languages that could be used by hackers in crafting an attack.
"With regards to the interpreted programming languages vulnerabilities, software developers may unknowingly include code in an application that can be used in a way that the designer did not foresee," it writes.
SEE: Hiring kit: Python developer (Tech Pro Research)
"Some of these behaviors pose a security risk to applications that were securely developed according to guidelines."
These are the five programming languages and the flaws that were identified:
1. Python
Currently enjoying a surge in usage, Python is regularly used by web and desktop developers, sysadmin/devops, and more recently by data scientists and machine-learning engineers.
The IOActive paper found that Python contains undocumented methods and local environment variables that can be used to execute operating-system commands.
Both Python's mimetools and pydoc libraries have undocumented methods that can be exploited in this way, which IOActive used to run Linux's id command.
2. Perl
Popular for web server scripting, sysadmin jobs, network programming and automating various tasks, Perl has been in use since the late 1980s.
IOActive highlights the fact that Perl contains a function that will attempt to execute one of the arguments passed to it as Perl code. It describes the practice as a "hidden feature" within a default Perl function for handling typemaps.
3. NodeJS
NodeJS provides a server-side environment for executing JavaScript, the language commonly used for scripting in web browsers.
IOActive found that NodeJS' built-in error messages for its require function could be exploited to determine whether a file name existed on the machine and to leak the first line of files on a system—potentially useful information for an attacker.
4. JRuby
The Java implementation of the Ruby programming language was found to allow remote code execution in a way that isn't possible in Ruby as a base language.
By calling executable Ruby code using a specific function in JRuby, IOActive was able to get the function to execute an operating system command, the Linux command id, by loading a file on a remote server.
5. PHP
The venerable server scripting language was used to call an operating system command, again the Linux command id, using the shell_exec() function and exploiting the way PHP handles the names of constants.
"Depending on how the PHP application has been developed, this may lead to remote command execution," say researchers.
That said, many web admins have long known the potential risk posed by PHP's shell_exec() function, and how to disable it.
Exploitable flaws in each programming language were identified using a tool called a differential fuzzer, which was designed to automatically find vulnerabilities. The fuzzer works by running through a large array of scenarios in each language, calling each of the languages' native functions with a wide variety of different arguments and observing the results.
Keep up to date on all of the newest tech trends. Click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Next Big Thing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
WASHINGTON (AP) — A new report says the Brooklyn Bridge and Washington's Arlington Memorial Bridge are among thousands of spans considered structurally deficient.
Although the numbers of deficient bridges have declined in recent years, the American Road & Transportation Builders Association's analysis of transportation department data shows more than 55,000 bridges in the U.S. have been deemed deficient.
ARBTA says deficient bridges are crossed about 185 million times a day. The top 14 most-traveled deficient bridges are located in California.
Bridges labeled structurally deficient aren't necessarily in immediate danger of collapse. The term is applied when spans need rehabilitation or replacement because at least one major component has advanced deterioration or other problems.
Florinda Lorenzo has been in the U.S. illegally for more than a decade but checks in with federal immigration agents in Baltimore several times a year. Until recently, it had become routine, almost like a trip to the dentist.
Many immigrants — like Lorenzo — who are here illegally are not in hiding. Hundreds of thousands of them report to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement on a regular basis. They've been allowed to stay because past administrations considered them a low priority for deportation.
But with the Trump administration's crackdown on illegal immigration, that once-routine check-in has become a nerve-wracking experience. In recent weeks, some immigrants say they've been detained without warning at their ICE check-ins.
"It creates a lot of chaos for me," Lorenzo says through an interpreter. "I know lots of people are getting deported now, and I wouldn't want to be deported."
Lorenzo came to the U.S. from Guatemala 14 years ago. She has three children, two of them U.S. citizens who were born here. Lorenzo was arrested in 2010 and charged with selling prepaid phone cards without a license. The charges were dropped, but she's been required to check in with ICE since then.
Before her most recent appointment earlier this month, Lorenzo looked nervous. Her eyes were red.
"It's hard for my family, for me ... my kids, my husband," Lorenzo says. "It's very painful and stressful for me. ... I just hope I go back to my children today."
A few dozen friends gathered to pray and show their support — both for Lorenzo's sake, and for ICE officials, in case they were watching. Nick Katz, a lawyer with CASA de Maryland, an immigrant advocacy group, accompanied Lorenzo to provide legal help in case she was detained.
"The environment is so uncertain," Katz says. "We've heard stories of people being taken into custody. We know of at least one mother who was taken into custody out of a check-in."
Across the U.S., judges have issued final removal orders for more than 900,000 people in the country illegally. Many remain as long as they check in regularly with ICE.
Under the Obama administration, they were not considered priorities for deportation because they had clean criminal records, or strong ties to their communities. The Trump administration, however, is taking a more aggressive enforcement stance.
President Trump signed executive orders that broadly expanded the number of people who are priorities for deportation. That category now includes many immigrants whose only offense may be entering or staying in the country illegally.
Hans von Spakovsky, senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank in Washington, applauded the move. Von Spakovsky says criminals should be the priority. But, he says, that doesn't mean everyone else should get a free pass.
"You're in the United States illegally; you broke the law to come here illegally," von Spakovsky says. "And the government agency is basically saying, 'That's OK, we're not going to do anything about it.' That just to me is a complete violation of the rule of law."
An ICE spokeswoman did not respond to questions about the check-ins.
Several cases of unauthorized immigrants being detained at their ICE appointments have gotten widespread attention. That could have unintended consequences, says Alonzo Pena, who served as deputy director of ICE in the Obama administration. If agents detain large numbers of immigrants at their check-ins, he says, other immigrants may decide it's too risky to report.
"It's going to send a bad message to others, and it's going to really backfire," Pena says. "They lose faith in the system ... and you don't know where they're at.
"There's nothing good that will come out of that," he says.
Lorenzo emerges from her appointment in the ICE field office with a smile on her face.
"I feel very happy right now. ... My heart isn't as heavy anymore," Lorenzo says. "I don't have the words, but I feel relief."
Lorenzo found out that she can stay, at least for a few more months. She doesn't have to check in with ICE again until October. But neither Lorenzo nor her lawyers can say what will happen when she does.
HBO
For years, creator David Chase refused to discuss the series finale of The Sopranos. All he would say is, “If you look at the final episode really carefully, it's all there.” But in 2015, he provided an in-depth analysis of the diner scene, writing, “Life is short. Either it ends here for Tony or some other time. But in spite of that, it's really worth it. So don't stop believing.” True, it didn't provide the answers fans of the Emmy-winning HBO series were looking for — Is Tony dead? Why does the camera linger on the Man in Members Only Jacket? Are those really da the best onion rings in the state? — but it was better than nothing, especially from the occasionally prickly Chase. But he's softened somewhat since 2007; he's even discussed a prequel series.
In honor of the 10th anniversary of “Made In America,” Chase told Entertainment Weekly that although he has no interest in continuing the story beyond the final episode (“Like recasting?… Everybody's getting older, you can't match people anymore”), he could “conceive of maybe a prequel of The Sopranos. I could never see [a return of the show] except as a prequel.”
That jives with something Chase said in 2016, when he told Deadline, “If I had a really good idea and I thought it could be really entertaining and it wouldn't upset what was done, I might do it. But so far…” It sounds crazy, returning to The Sopranos universe all these years later, but so did a Breaking Bad prequel about a shady strip-mall lawyer, and looked how well that's worked out.
Of course, this doesn't mean HBO is going to pull a Game of Thrones and rush five prequel ideas into development. But at least it's a much better idea than bringing back Tony Soprano using CGI. It didn't work the first time…
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
(Via Entertainment Weekly)
Do you think BART should allow politically motivated ads in stations and on trains?Advertisements posted by a group called Progressives for Immigration Reform read "U.S. tech workers, your companies think you are expensive... un-deserving... and expendable."The ads call on Congress to reform the H-1B visa program, which tech companies use to bring in workers from overseas. The ads have caused some controversy, but BART says it can't do anything about them because of free speech laws.
A nonprofit organization that has orchestrated a wide-reaching campaign against foreign drug imports has deep ties to the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, or PhRMA, the powerful lobbying group that includes Eli Lilly, Pfizer and Bayer.
The nonprofit, called the Partnership for Safe Medicines, has recently emerged as a leading voice against Senate bills that would allow drugs to be imported from Canada.
Both the lobbying group and the nonprofit partnership have gone to great lengths to show that drugmakers are not driving what they describe as a grass-roots effort to fight imports, including an expensive advertising blitz and an event last week that featured high-profile former FBI officials and a former Food and Drug Administration commissioner.
However, a Kaiser Health News analysis of groups involved in the partnership shows more than one-third have received PhRMA funding or are local chapters of groups that have received PhRMA funding, according to PhRMA tax disclosures from 2013 to 2015.
Forty-seven of the organizations listed in the ads appear to be advocacy organizations that received no money from PhRMA in those years.
A PhRMA senior vice president, Scott LaGanga, previously led the Partnership for Safe Medicines for 10 years. At PhRMA, LaGanga was responsible for the lobbying group's alliances with patient advocacy groups, and he was simultaneously listed as the executive director of the Partnership for Safe Medicines on each of that group's annual tax filings since 2007, the earliest year for which they are available from ProPublica's Nonprofit Explorer.
LaGanga wrote a 2011 article about the partnership's origins. Published in the Journal of Commercial Biotechnology, it described "public-private partnerships in addressing counterfeit medicines." His PhRMA job was not disclosed in the article.
From 2010 to 2014, the organization hosted a conference called the Partnership for Safe Medicines Interchange. In a video from a 2013 event, LaGanga thanks pharmaceutical companies, most of them PhRMA members, for sponsoring the event.
In February, LaGanga moved to a senior role at PhRMA and stepped down as executive director of the Partnership for Safe Medicines, just as the group's campaign to stop import legislation was revving up.
The partnership's new executive director, Shabbir Safdar, said LaGanga resigned from the group to avoid the appearance of a conflict of interest.
"That's why Scott's not executive director anymore," he said. PhRMA declined to make LaGanga available for an interview.
Considering Legislation
The Senate push to allow Americans to buy pharmaceuticals from Canada comes as more patients balk at filling prescriptions because of soaring drug prices. Prescription medicines purchased in the U.S. can run three times what they cost in Canada, data from the company PharmacyChecker.com show.
In 2016, about 19 million Americans purchased pharmaceuticals illegally from foreign sources through online pharmacies or while traveling, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation poll. Many survey respondents cited pricing disparities as the reason.
A bill cosponsored by Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) would provide a mechanism for Canadian drug manufacturers to sell to U.S. consumers and pharmacies. Sanders introduced the bill in February. In January, Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) also introduced a bill to allow drug imports from Canada.
In the House, Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) introduced a similar bill to Sanders', along with 23 other Democrats.
The U.S. drug industry has strongly opposed efforts to open the borders to drug imports, but the PhRMA lobbying group is not mentioned in the nonprofit partnership's recent advertising blitz against the proposed legislation. The nonprofit says its grass-roots effort is supported by 170 members, including professional organizations and trade groups.
The nonprofit describes PhRMA as a dues-paying member with no larger role in shaping the group's activities. Partnership spokeswoman Clare Krusing would not say how much each member contributes. PhRMA spokeswoman Allyson Funk declined to say whether PhRMA funds the partnership.
"PhRMA engages with stakeholders across the health care system to hear their perspectives and priorities," Funk said. "We work with many organizations with which we have both agreements and disagreements on public policy issues, and believe engagement and dialogue are critical."
Campaigning Against Drug Imports
The partnership recently launched its ad campaign, warning against the alleged dangers of legalizing Canadian drug imports. It includes television commercials, promoted search results on Google and a full-page print ad in The Washington Post and The Hill. The group's YouTube page shows recent commercials targeted to viewers in 13 states.
"We don't disclose specific ad figures, but the campaign is in the high six figures," Safdar said.
The commercials ask voters to urge their senators to "oppose dangerous drug importation legislation."
The newspaper ad reads, "Keep the nation's prescription drug supply safe. Urge the Senate to reject drug importation measures." Its headline declares that "170 healthcare advocacy groups oppose drug importation," noting a letter to Congress signed by its members. The ad lists 160 members who signed the letter, and PhRMA's name is not included.
"Having a big membership allows the coalition to present what looks like a unified show of grass-roots support ... but it does raise questions about which members of the coalition are really driving and funding the group's policy-making," said Matthew McCoy, a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Pennsylvania who studies patient advocacy groups.
The list of groups includes at least 64 trade organizations representing the biomedical industry, professional associations representing pharmacists, a private research company and two insurance companies.
One group that signed the letter, the "Citrus Council, National Kidney Foundation of Florida Inc.," represents a single volunteer, according to an email from the group. A spokesman for the National Kidney Foundation of Florida said the volunteer's views contradict the position of the umbrella group, and said the foundation supports "any sort of drug importation that allows our patients to have access to drugs at the best price."
Two of the hepatitis patients' advocacy groups that were listed, the National Association of Hepatitis Task Forces and the California Hepatitis C Task Force, are run by the same person, Bill Remak. Remak said the groups receive small amounts of PhRMA funding.
"I don't enjoy having to take this extreme position of saying we shouldn't import at all, but until we have some oversight regime, some way of protecting consumers, it's a really tough call," he said.
"Current drug importation proposals do not appear to have equal safety and chain-of-custody accountability laid out adequately for patient safety concerns," said William Arnold, president of the Community Access National Network, which is also listed in the ad and is an advocacy and support group for people living with HIV/AIDS or hepatitis in Washington, D.C. His group did not accept money from PhRMA between 2013 to 2015, the Kaiser Health News analysis found.
Concerns About Safety And Price
Last week, the partnership hosted a panel at the National Press Club featuring former FBI director Louis Freeh and former FDA commissioner Dr. Andrew von Eschenbach. The discussion focused on the alleged health and legal dangers of online pharmacies.
"You can talk about lowering prices, but if a drug comes with a high probability of toxicity and death, that comes at a high cost to the patient," von Eschenbach said. "That's what's at issue with drug importation."
Each speaker argued that the bill co-sponsored by Sanders would be harmful to patients. Around the same time that bill was introduced, the partnership also sent emails to member organizations seeking help to stop such a measure.
Speakers at the partnership event claimed importation would lead to a flood of counterfeit medicines laced with arsenic, fentanyl and lead paint.
"These drugs are manufactured in jungles, in tin drums, in basements. ... Those are the sort of sanitary conditions we're talking about here," said George Karavetsos, a former director of the FDA's Office of Criminal Investigations.
Both von Eschenbach and Karavetsos have ties to the pharmaceutical industry. Von Eschenbach left the FDA in 2009 to join Greenleaf Health, which counsels pharmaceutical clients, before starting his own consulting company, and Karavetsos counsels pharmaceutical clients at DLA Piper, a Washington, D.C., law firm.
In an interview, Josh Miller-Lewis, Sanders' deputy director of communications, refuted Karavetsos' arguments. He said Canadian drugmakers can apply for licenses, and all drugs would have to come from FDA-inspected plants.
Politico reported in October that PhRMA is bolstering its war chest by another $100 million per year, suggesting to many industry analysts that drugmakers are gearing up for a ferocious fight.
"I think it's safe to say pharmaceutical corporations are prepared to spend some fraction of their multibillion-dollar profits to fight drug importation and any other policy that might end the plague of overpriced medicine," said Rick Claypool, research director for Public Citizen, a watchdog group critical of the drug industry.
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent newsroom that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation.
DETROIT (AP) — Two-time Olympic boxing champion Claressa Shields is looking to take over another division.
The 23-year-old super middleweight champion is scheduled to take on Hanna Gabriels for vacant middleweight title on June 22 at Masonic Temple in Detroit.
Shields, who is from Flint, Michigan, is training with John David Jackson for the first time. She has won all five of her fights, including two by knockouts.
The 35-year-old Gabriels, who is from Costa Rica, is a super welterweight champion. She is 18-1 with 11 knockouts.
Shields is the first American, male or female, to win a boxing gold medal since Andre Ward at the 2004 Athens Olympics. The only other U.S. boxer to win two Olympic gold medals is Oliver Kirk, who won titles at the 1904 Olympics in St. Louis.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Slimmers who set ambitious targets lose twice as many pounds as those who try to be realistic, according to new research.
A study of more than 24,000 dieters found those who set the toughest goals shed almost a fifth of their body weight - about double the amount of those who lowered the bar.
The findings are food for thought for those making a New Year resolution to go on a diet.
And obesity experts are calling for changes to public health guidance which suggests slimmers set themselves a ‘realistic' target of losing 5-10 per cent of their starting weight.
They want patients to aim for their ‘dream weight' after the dramatic results of the 12 month experiment reported in the Journal of Human Nutrition and Dietetics .
The participants were Slimming World members with a BMI (body mass index) of at least 30 which put them in the obese category who were all attending weekly group support sessions.
Those whose aim was to lose less than 10 per cent of their body weight did typically achieve their goal shedding an average of 11 per cent - equivalent to 1st 11lbs for someone who weighs 16 stone.
But those who set the most ambitious targets lost almost twice as much weight overall - an average of 19 per cent in a year, or 3st 1lb for someone weighing 16st.
Change of approach needed?
In the UK around a quarter of people are obese, meaning their weight could be seriously affecting their health.
The traditional approach advised by NHS Choices is thought to be based on the thinking ambitious goals are less likely to be achieved, which could result in disappointment, decreased effort and people giving up on their journey.
But the new research suggests rather than trying to protect them from disappointment health experts should instead be encouraging slimmers to ‘shoot for the moon' and get support to achieve their goals.
Professor Amanda Avery, a nutritionist at Nottingham University, said: “January is the most popular time of the year to start a healthy weight loss programme and so it's really important people have the information they need to maximise their chances of success.
“We know current NHS and NICE advice around realistic weight loss targets is designed to protect slimmers from disappointment.
“However, suggesting that people place limits on their weight loss aims could stop people from seeing what they're capable of. It's important that people have aspirations and can visualise themselves achieving success.
“This research shows that, when it comes to losing weight, it's best to inspire people to set the weight loss target they would personally really like to achieve. This will help with their motivation as, if it is really their dream weight, they'll be far more committed to achieving it.
“Setting a target is really only the beginning, though, and it's vital that people also get regular support to make healthy changes to their eating and activity habits and to help them stay focused, committed and encouraged.
“Working together with others to share experiences and solutions to challenges and to celebrate successful weight loss and behaviour change can keep people motivated to achieve long-term success.
“It's great that the NHS and NICE already encourage people who want to lose weight to set a target, as our study found that people who set their own personal target - as most of our members choose to - were 10 times more likely to be successful.
“The next stage is for them to look more closely at how encouraging patients to aim for their dream weight can increase their chances of success, as long as they're also getting support along the way.”
“I set myself that high target and I haven't looked back.”
Hollie Barrett, 30, from Suffolk, lost 8st 6lbs after her Slimming World Consultant encouraged her to set the Personal Achievement Target she really wanted.
She said: “I was 17st 11lbs at my heaviest and my confidence was really low. I felt like my weight was holding me back in every aspect of my life, especially when it came to doing things with my children.
“Even things other mums might take for granted, like taking the children swimming, seemed off limits because I felt so self-conscious. I once chased my daughter, Imogen, up the stairs to bed and was so breathless I couldn't speak properly to read her a book - it broke my heart. I didn't want them to be bullied at school because their mum was so overweight either.
“My whole life I'd wanted to be a size 8 but I never really believed I could be.
“I set myself that high target, committed to following the plan 100 per cent and in my first week I lost 9½lbs! From there I haven't looked back.”
Senior House Democrats on Monday extolled the benefits of President Barack Obama's health care law in hopes of derailing Republican plans to gut the statute and over time replace it.
In a conference call with reporters, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said the GOP will begin its "assault" on the health care law when the 115th Congress convenes Tuesday. She said abolishing the law, known as the Affordable Care Act, as Republicans have promised will mean that people will pay more for their health insurance while getting much less than they do now. Undoing the law also will undermine Medicaid and Medicare, she said.
Currently Republicans plan to vote quickly on repealing the health care law and delay the effective date to give them time to craft a replacement. Pelosi blasted that strategy as "an act of cowardice." She urged people to "take a second look" at how the health care law has improved their lives.
Minority Whip Steny Hoyer, the No. 2 Democrat in the House, said he believes that many people who voted for President-elect Donald Trump want the health care law preserved even though Trump made repeal of the statute a central part of his campaign.
"I think a lot of people are going to be looking at this and saying, 'Gee, I really didn't mean that,'" Hoyer said.
Republicans have opposed Obama's law since Democrats steered the law through Congress in 2010. The GOP has tried numerous times to repeal the law but failed due to internal divisions and Obama's veto power. But with the GOP in control of the House and Senate and Donald Trump set to become president in a few weeks, doing away with "Obamacare" is in sight for Republicans.
GOP lawmakers are expected to spend the next several months working on legislation to cancel broad swaths of the law that the party's voter base staunchly opposes. Most likely to go are the law's mandate that people buy health insurance or face hefty IRS fines, and its expansion of Medicaid coverage to more lower-earning Americans. But several elements of the repeal likely wouldn't go into effect for two to four years.
Rep. Frank Pallone of New Jersey, the top Democrat on the House Energy and Commerce Committee, said Republicans are "blind to the success" of the health care law. Repealing the law is rooted in politics, he said, and will hurt middle class Americans.
"Repealing the Affordable Care Act is not logical; it's simply ideological," Pallone said.
Source: Defense.gov
US-led coalition forces landed a group of commandoes near the Syrian city of Deir ez Zor. The operation was conducted in the territory to the east of the city, in the terrorist-controlled area, Sky News Arabia reports.
Apache helicopters were used for the operation to land the commandoes, whose assignment was to destroy terrorists' supply points and ammo depots.
Twenty minutes after the start of the operation, the commanders left the zone of the operation. It was reported that the Islamic State terrorist organization (banned in Russia) deployed additional forces in the area of ​​the fighting.
Earlier, Federation Council Chairwoman Valentina Matvienko said after meetings with leaders of Saudi Arabia that Russia remained opposed to toppling Bashar Assad's regime from the outside.
"We know Saudi Arabia's position that Syria will not see peace until President Bashar Assad is removed from power, but we stated our position that we do not aim to preserve Assad at any cost - we are against the forcible overthrow of regimes from the outside," "Matvienko told reporters, stressing that it was up to the people of Syria to decide the fate of Assad.
In her opinion, Assad's removal from power does not guarantee peace in Syria, but may exacerbate the situation even further.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Shutterstock
Before 1990, McDonald's fried up their french fries in beef tallow. It was a mix of fat and starch perfected over years of experimentation. Then a man in Omaha named Phil Sokolof had a heart attack. His doctor told him that saturated fat and cholesterol were to blame and Sokolof went on a national crusade to take the fat out of America's food, with McDonald's on the top of his kill list. And somehow he won.
Malcolm Gladwell opens his latest episode of Revisionist History with a nostalgic yarn. “Have you ever seen a puppy encounter snow for the first time? He burrows his nose into it with this look of perplexity and sheer delight because he can't understand where this white thing came from,” Gladwell says. “It was like that for me. A Slice of potato…”
And then McDonald's broke a young Gladwell's heart when they changed their oil in 1990.
Episode 9 of Revisionist History is out! In which I take aim at the Golden Arches. McDonald's: You broke my heart. https://t.co/AWAMlWzybZ — Malcolm Gladwell (@Gladwell) August 10, 2017
McDonald's had been using beef tallow to make their fries from the pre Ray Kroc days. It was the amazing luscious crispiness of the McDonald brother's fries that initially got Kroc's attention in the first place. That's how good they were. But in 1990 all of that changed.
Phil Sokolof made his millions selling dry wall throughout America. He then spent 15 million of his own fortune to fight saturated fat on the national stage by targeting the fast food industry. He would go on TV to talk over actual food industry people about the dangers of fat. The sort of blowhard with bad science who was able to thrive in the pre-internet era.
This is where things get interesting: Gladwell's telling of the oil wars story. McDonald's, Burger King, Wendy's, et al changed their oils to corn, soy, or cottonseed oils. This, in turn, created a whole mess of other problems because those oils are trans-fats heavy — which is by far worse than saturated fats. Gladwell notes that the big fast food chains devised vegetable oil blends that eliminated trans-fats, but created an extremely unstable oil for cooking with, especially when compared to the stability of animal fats.
One of the many quirks at Erin Hills is what was originally called the Bye Hole — a devilish, downhill par-3 positioned between the old ninth and No. 10. It was initially built to be just for fun and wasn't supposed to count on the official scorecard.
By the end of the U.S. Open, a lot of these players might wish the course architects had kept it that way.
The old ninth hole is now No. 8, and the Bye Hole is now No. 9. The 135-yard par-3 is what the makers of Erin Hills consider their answer to one of the world's most picturesque golf holes — the short, downhill seventh at Pebble Beach.
"We didn't have the ocean, so we put in erosion bunkers," said writer/architect Ron Whitten, who helped design Erin Hills.
They also designed a rolling, multi-sectioned green that, in places, is near-impossible to hold, along with a tee box on an exposed, wind-swept hill.
As is the case at Pebble Beach, where the seventh measures 109 yards, on most days the shot requires nothing more than a pitching wedge. But where No. 7 at Pebble Beach ranked as the third-easiest hole at the 2010 U.S. Open, No. 9 at Erin Hills is designed to cause more trouble than that.
"Honestly, there are a couple spots where you just do not want to be," said Garrett Osborn, a onetime regular on the Web.com Tour who qualified for his first U.S. Open this year.
No. 9 has been described — and we'll keep it just to the printable things — as the shortest par-5 in golf, the hole with the scariest second shot at Erin Hills (if you miss the green on the first) and, as Alex Noren of Sweden said, "a hole where there's no way you can just hit a decent shot to get on there, you have to hit a super-good shot to have a chance."
During his practice round Wednesday, Noren tried to simulate what happens if the shot is not "super good."
He randomly dropped a ball in one of the seven bunkers that surround the severely pitched green. He stepped in, leaned down and took a mighty hack. The ball stayed in. He leaned down again and got it out on the second try, then walked to the ball, picked it up, looked at it and threw it toward the stands. The ball had an inch-long gash just above the Callaway logo from his first failed attempt.
Not that avoiding the bunkers guarantees success. The middle of the putting surface pitches severely right and funnels downhill into a tightly mowed collection area that can leave a tricky flop shot for a second.
"Guys are going to get a little upset with that if the ball hits the middle of the green and it rolls all the way off the green and maybe 10 yards down into a chipping area," Steve Stricker said. "I think at some point that may need to get a little softened."
Rain might do that, but during summer in Wisconsin, rain almost always means wind, too, and picking a club while playing downhill with a helping or crossing wind will be hard.
Osborn said he expects more players than not to end up short of the green, in part because the bunkers that guard the back are tougher — filled with uneven lies, uneven distribution of sand and little dimples of scrub and turf that protrude into the traps themselves.
All part of the plan.
"You could have a side-hill lie, a lie that might be in one of those little fingers where you can't even get the club on the ball," Whitten said. "You might have a lie where you can't take the club back. You might have to turn sideways or turn backward.
"But if you were in the water, it'd be even worse."
No. 9 offers the most extreme example of the architects' philosophy across the course: Use the natural form of the land to turn bunkers back into hazards.
"They shouldn't be so cushy and consistent and uniform from hole to hole," Whitten said.
The bunkering will increase the degree of difficulty on what is already the longest layout in U.S. Open history, at 7,741 yards.
And yet, it's the shortest hole that could give these players the biggest fits.
"Not super long," Noren said, "but it's probably one of the hardest greens I've ever seen."
Despite the rocky relationship between President Duterte and the Catholic Church, the religious sector and some government institutions will work together “to win the war against illegal drugs.”
The Catholic Church and concerned government agencies are set to discuss on Wednesday how to speed up the establishment of community-based rehabilitation centers for drug users in at least 20 parishes in Metro Manila.
Manila Auxiliary Bishop Broderick Pabillo and members of some laity organizations will meet with representatives from different government agencies at the Pope Pius XII Catholic Center in Manila, according to Interior Assistant Secretary Epimaco Densing III.
ADVERTISEMENT
The government agencies joining the meeting are the Department of the Interior and Local Government, Technical Education and Skills Development Authority (Tesda), Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD), Philippine National Police (PNP), and the Department of Health (DOH).
“We will be meeting so that we can discuss the community-based rehab centers that we will put up immediately. This is ASAP,” Densing said in an ambush interview on Tuesday.
The target is to have rehabilitation centers in at least 20 parishes which can accommodate drug abusers from around 80 to 90 barangays, said Densing.
The community centers are included in the “out-patient component” of the government's drug rehabilitation efforts as it will mostly admit the “experimenters” or those who use drugs once a week or once a month.
Asked about the funding, Densing said parishes will help raise the money to support the community-based centers, aside from the government budget that was allotted for the barangay anti-drug abuse councils (Badac).
“Once we've established the community-based rehab centers, we might require the barangays to put in some of their Badac budgets to support the community-based rehab centers. So it's both a government and non-government (effort),” he said.
Densing said parishes will provide personnel to run the center while the government will provide supplemental needs like skills training care of Tesda, classification of drug surrenderers by the DOH, after-care program from the DSWD while the DILG and local government units will provide additional support.
As for the patients, the assistant secretary said they will get the list of “Tokhang” surrenderers from the PNP and the barangays.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Hindi pa pinag-uusapan (We have not discussed it) in detail, but definitely there will [be] a strategy to ask the surrenderer to undertake the community rehab center,” he said.
If the program becomes successful, Densing hopes that other faith-based organizations can follow suit all over the country.
“That's why we're expediting this. We're taking away all the red tape in organizing. When we met with Bishop Pabillo, the first thing I told them was to forget about all the paperwork. Let's just put this into a running program and then maybe later on the paperwork will follow,” he said.
“Kung ito kasama natin ang simbahan, ang private sector at LGUs (If the church, the private sector and LGUs are on our side), I'm quite sure we will [win] the war against drugs,” Densing added./ac /rga
Report for Lake Alfred – Auburndale – Winter Haven areas
March bass fishing in Polk County is at the top of its game.
Right now during spawning season, Lakes Winterset and Howard in the South Winter Haven chain and Lakes Alfred, Rochelle and Haines in the North chain are giving us the best reports. Many basses in the seven to eleven pound range have been caught, as displayed in the photo of angler Terry Shelton in early February. Terry was fishing in nearby Turkey Creek Reservoir that day.
To attract larger bass when fishing our area use a Bass Assassin Boss Shiner swimbait in any assorted color, or my old favorite, a Booyah lipless crankbait in royalty color. Either of those choices will bring great results. If you've never tried them, now is the time to do it, you'll be glad you did!
We are still getting good reports on spec fishing in our area. As a matter of fact, this year seems to be the best in quite a while. We should continue to see large specs until the end of April, so come out and get in on the action soon. It seems that the cooler weather we've been experiencing lately has brought out the shell crackers a little early. Lake Rochelle here in Lake Alfred is a great place to start fishing for crackers, you'll want to use live red worms for bait.
Call me and I'll point you in the right direction for fishing in our area. Better yet, come fish our area and stop in for first-hand daily information. We're always stocked with live bait and a huge selection of plastic and hard baits.
Our 20th season of Ron's Tackle Box weekly bass tournaments will begin the first Thursday in April (April 5th). Weekly registration is $30.00 per boat for a one or two-man team, and the tournaments run from 6:00 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. each Thursday through the end of October. Prizes are awarded for the largest bass as well as 1st, 2nd and 3rd place categories. The location each week is not revealed until Thursday mornings and is announced in The Ledger and on our website.
Like and follow us on Facebook, or you can call Ron at (863) 956-4990. These tournaments are all around great fun, come out and join us!
Submitted By: Ron Schelfo, Owner
RON'S TACKLE BOX, LLC
380 S. Lake Shore Way
Lake Alfred, FL 33850
(863) 956-4990
www.ronstacklebox.com
Check us out on Facebook and like our page
Catch my weekly fishing report every Saturday from 6-8 a.m. on AM970WFLA.
Gazan couple name their triplets Jerusalem, Capital and Palestine in protest of Trump's recognition of Jerusalem.
A Gazan couple have named their recently born triplets Jerusalem, Capital and Palestine in protest of U.S. President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
The couple is Nidal and Islam al-Saiqli from Khan Yunis in Gaza. The three babies -- boys Al-Quds (Jerusalem) and Filasteen (Palestine), and girl Asima (Capital) -- were born in December, two weeks after the Trump decision, reported AFP.
"Thank God, I had triplets so we were able to name them in response to Trump's decision," said mother Islam, 25.
"There is no value to the Trump decision. Jerusalem is our eternal capital," her husband Nidal, 30, added.
TRT Arabia recently interviewed the father of the triplets. The Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI) translated the interview.
In it, Nidal boasts that his name means “struggle” and that he named his older Dalal after terrorist Dalal Mughrabi, who took part in a 1978 terrorist attack in which 38 Israeli civilians were murdered.
The father said that he made the decision on the triplets' names out of love for “Palestine”, especially following Trump's decision to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem and his declaration that Jerusalem was the capital of Israel.
Trump's declaration on December 6 angered the Palestinian Authority (PA), whose chairman Mahmoud Abbas declared he would "no longer accept" any peace plan proposed by the United States.
Last week, PA activists held a mock trial for Trump and Vice President Mike Pence in Bethlehem.
The public event included the reading of a faux verdict, followed by the execution by hanging of Trump and Pence in effigy.
On Tuesday, Palestinian Arabs attacked and threw objects at a car outside the U.S. consulate in Bethlehem.
The PA later issued a weak condemnation of the attack.
(Arutz Sheva's North American desk is keeping you updated until the start of Shabbat in New York. The time posted automatically on all Arutz Sheva articles, however, is Israeli time.)
MIAMI (AP) — A Frenchman arrested when he arrived in the United States for a world beard-growing championship will plead guilty in federal court on drug charges.
The Miami Herald reports that Gal Vallerius is charged with drug conspiracy and money laundering in South Florida federal court. Investigators say he moderated online sales of cocaine, methamphetamine and oxycodone. He faces at least 20 years in prison. He had an alias of "OxyMonster."
According to a DEA affidavit, Vallerius was detained in Atlanta in 2017 and his laptop seized.
The computer contained the Tor browser, which allows users to conceal their true internet addresses on that network; his log-in credential for Dream Market, the eBay-type marketplace for illegal narcotics and drug paraphernalia; and $500,000 worth of the digital currency bitcoin.
Getty Image
President Trump touting his mental health as proof that he can solve the North Korea crisis notwithstanding, a New York Times report seems to indicate that Pentagon officials think otherwise. Following Trump's worrisome “fire and fury” comments and his boasts about having a “bigger and more powerful” nuclear button, sources indicate that cabinet officials like National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster and State Secretary Rex Tillerson are demanding “more options” for possible “military action” against North Korea.
According to the report, McMaster “believes that for Mr. Trump's warnings to North Korea to be credible, the United States must have well-developed military plans.” Pentagon officials, however, worry the administration “is moving too hastily toward military action.” These tensions recently came to a head when Trump's pick for ambassador to South Korea was booted, prompting a biting op-ed in the Washington Post. Yet they previously boiled over after a conference call held regarding North Korea's ballistic missile test in July:
Mr. Mattis and Mr. Tillerson continued to speak, not realizing that other participants were still on the line. The officials familiar with the matter overheard them complaining about a series of meetings that the National Security Council had set up to consider options for North Korea — signs, Mr. Tillerson said, that it was becoming overly aggressive.
Diplomacy continues to be an option — especially for Mattis and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Joseph Dunford Jr., who have “[argued] forcefully for using diplomacy.” Even so, officials familiar with the above call and other discussions between White House and Pentagon officials seem to suggest that the latter may “have slow-walked options” to the latter, thereby prompting the administration's frustrations and demands for more military strategies.
(Via New York Times)
Apple said Shazam would be a “natural fit” with its Apple Music streaming service
Apple on Monday confirmed it had reached a deal to acquire Shazam, the U.K.-based app that lets users identify songs by pointing a smart phone at the audio source.
Apple did not give a price for the acquisition. Technology news website TechCrunch reported the deal on Friday with a price of as much as US$400 million, far short of the most recent $1 billion valuation for privately held Shazam.
Apple said Shazam would be a “natural fit” with its Apple Music streaming service and it would help users discover new songs. Apple Music has 27 million users and competes against Spotify Ltd, which has 60 million users. Apple said Shazam's team would be joining the Cupertino company.
In a statement, Apple spokesman Tom Neumayr said Shazam “is used by hundreds of millions of people around the world, across multiple platforms. ... We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today's agreement.”
Apple did not elaborate on its plans, but the company will not be able to make any major changes to Shazam until it secures regulatory approval.
Shazam is also available on Android-based devices, but Apple did not say whether it would keep the Android version available. Shazam ended support for a version of its software that runs on Windows PCs earlier this year.
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis in San Francisco; Editing by Andrew Hay)
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — This year's Big Dance has brought with it some serious upsets.
Ar you're still holding out hope for your NCAA bracket? If so, you might be one of the lucky few.
The world of college basketball handicapping has thrown up an air ball in this year's March Madness. Game after game and upset after upset, underdogs are taking over in historic fashion.
Just going into the Sweet Sixteen, we've already lost nine of the 16 highest ranked teams.
CBS2's Marc Liverman managed to find one lucky guy who claims his bracket is still in the running.
“I got Kentucky going, beating Duke in the finals,” Staten Island resident Chris Taccetta said. “I'm looking good right now.”
For some folks, losing in their bracket isn't the worst news possible if it means their team is heading to the Sweet Sixteen. Few people picked Syracuse to go as far as they have, but alumni won't complain any time soon.
Allen Rodgers says now that he's out, he's rooting for the home team; ‘Cuse for the win.
So whether you're in or you're out, sit back and enjoy the madness.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — City health officials are trying to make sure no one else gets infected after one person died and two others were sickened by a rare disease spread by rats in the Bronx.
The Health Department said two patients were diagnosed with leptospirosis, a bacterial infection most commonly spread by contact with rat urine, in December and one in February, all three living within a one block radius in the Concourse area.
One of the patients, a 43-year-old Bronx man, told CBS2 in Spanish he's feeling better, but still recovering with antibiotics.
Other residents like Florence Howard say the infestation in their building and in their neighborhood has been a problem for years.
“They run from underneath your stove, your refrigerator,” she said. “My apartment is very clean but it just doesn't matter. There's just holes where they find their way in.”
Representatives from the city's health department were stationed in the lobby of 750 Grand Concourse Tuesday night, where they handed out notices to tenants warning them of the cluster of cases.
Health officials say there are typically one to three cases of the illness in New York City each year. The bacteria enter the skins through open wounds and cuts or through contact with the eyes, nose or mouth.
While some people may not show any symptoms, others may get sick with a fever, headaches, chills, muscle aches, vomiting or diarrhea. Experts say in rare cases, patients may develop life-threatening reactions that can affect the kidney or liver.
“Everything I wash, I have to use bleach because they run around rampantly like they're part of your house,” Howard said.
Residents of the building point to the many boarded walls and and doors, saying there is only so much they can do.
“There's a lack of concern about the building, there's a lack of concern with the super and the landlord,” Howard said.
The Health Department said they are trying to reduce the rat problem in the building and said there are precautions residents can take:
Avoid contact with rats or with places where rats may have urinated.
Wash hands thoroughly with soap and water after any contact with areas where rats may live.
If you cannot avoid areas where rats have been seen, or are cleaning areas where rats have been, use a solution of one part household bleach and 10 parts water to kill the leptospirosis bacteria.
Protect yourself from contact with their urine: wear rubber gloves (especially if you have any cuts or sores on your hands or arms), boots, masks and some type of eyewear.
Health officials are holding a meeting for tenants of the building on Wednesday at 6:30 p.m. in the lobby.
Earther You Asked For This | The A.V. Club A frustrating Handmaid's Tale gets a bunch of things almost right—and one thing…
Today 5:35pm
The government remained firm on its no ransom policy amid the appeal of German Jurgen Kantner who was kidnapped and held hostage by Abu Sayyaf militants in November 2016.
Kantner said in a video seen Tuesday that the militants were threatening to behead him if they fail to receive a ransom within 12 days.
“The government stands firm on our no ransom policy. The AFP has been directed to continue and intensify its military operations,” presidential spokesperson Ernesto Abella said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
In the video circulated by SITE Intelligence Group, Kantner said the bandit group threatened to behead him if the P30 million ransom would not be paid before 3 p.m. on February 26.
“The government will continue efforts to safely rescue all hostages held by these terrorists. It is also working closely with the concerned local governments as well as other sectors to facilitate the safe rescue of Mr. Jurgen Kantner,” Abella said.
For his part, Peace Adviser Jesus Dureza on Tuesday vowed: “I will never stop appealing to the captors to spare the lives of those innocent victims for the sake of their families and loved ones.”
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
Newly launched bitcoin futures on Monday suggested that traders expect the cryptocurrency's blistering price gains to slow in the coming months, even as it blasted above US$17,000 to a fresh record high in the spot market.
Chicago-based derivatives exchange Cboe Global Markets launched the futures yesterday, marking the first time investors could get exposure to the bitcoin market via a large, regulated exchange.
The one-month bitcoin contract opened at 6 p.m. local time (2300 GMT) on Sunday at US$15,460. By late afternoon on Monday in New York, it was trading at $18,650, roughly 8 percent above bitcoin's spot price of $16,900 on the Bitstamp exchange.
Bitcoin earlier hit a record high of $17,270.
Its steep gains and rapid rise have attracted investors around the world as well as intense scrutiny from government regulators, which is the very opposite of what its creators wanted when it first launched bitcoin more than eight years ago.
"The bitcoin founder should be horrified seeing it rise so quickly, as any serious focus on it and its recent explosive move higher will soon end its freedom," said John Taylor Jr, president and founder of research firm Taylor Global Vision in New York.
Taylor believes that based on his charts, bitcoin has not yet peaked, but as soon as the "upmove ends, it will crash."
Given bitcoin has almost tripled in value over the past month, and was up more than 15 percent on Monday alone, the futures pricing suggested investors see price increases moderating.
Bitcoin futures were already offered on some unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges outside the United States, but backers said the U.S. market debut would confer greater legitimacy on the volatile cryptocurrency and encourage its wider use.
The CME Group is expected to launch its futures contract on Dec. 17.
Volatility concerns
Although there are hopes that the futures will draw in new investors, most fund managers at larger asset managers and institutional investors said bitcoin remains too volatile and lacks the fundamentals that give other assets value.
"There's no place for bitcoin in a multi-asset portfolio given the very high volatility," said Robeco Chief Investment Officer Lukas Daalder.
The two-month contract was trading at $18,750, an 11 percent premium over the spot price, while the three-month contract was changing hands at $18,140, a roughly 12 percent premium.
While modest when compared with bitcoin's 270 percent increase over the past three months and 230 percent rise in the last two months, those levels still indicated a lack of large "short" positions betting against bitcoin.
"Anyone, especially a professional trading outfit, would be crazy to actually short sell this bull market," said Nick Spanos, founder of Bitcoin Center NYC. "But just because it doesn't happen on day one doesn't mean it won't in the future."
Bitcoin was up more than 1,600 percent so far in 2017, having started the year at less than $1,000.
'March towards legitimisation'
As of early afternoon trading in New York, 3,951 one-month contracts had changed hands, meaning around $73.1 million had been notionally traded. That compares with daily trading volumes of more than $21.5 billion across all cryptocurrencies, according to trade website Coinmarketcap.
There had been speculation that the futures launch would trigger more gyrations in the market. But while volatile compared with traditional currencies or assets, the rise on Monday was relatively tame for bitcoin.
Bitcoin surged more than 40 percent in 48 hours last week, before tumbling 20 percent in the following 10 hours.
"(Bitcoin futures) will speed up the march towards legitimisation of an asset class that only a few years ago many law enforcement agencies would have argued had limited legitimate reasons for people to use," said Jo Torode, a financial crime lawyer at Ropes & Gray in London.
The futures are cash-settled contracts, allowing investors exposure without having to hold any of the cryptocurrency.
The futures are based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange, which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs and brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
Dramatic gains
Bitcoin was set up in 2008 by an individual or group calling themselves Satoshi Nakamoto, and was the first digital currency to successfully use cryptography to keep transactions secure and hidden, making traditional financial regulation difficult if not impossible.
Central bankers and critics of the cryptocurrency have been ringing the alarm bells over its surge in price and other risks such as whether the opaque market can be used for money laundering.
"It looks remarkably like a bubble forming to me," the Reserve Bank of New Zealand's Acting Governor Grant Spencer said on Sunday.
Somebody who invested $1,000 in bitcoin at the start of 2013 would now be sitting on around $1.2 million.
Heightened excitement ahead of the launch of the Cboe futures gave an extra kick to the cryptocurrency's scorching run this year.
The launch has so far received a mixed reception from big U.S. banks and brokerages.
Several online brokerages, including Charles Schwab Corp and TD Ameritrade Holding Corp, did not allow trading of the new futures immediately.
The Financial Times reported on Friday that JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc would not immediately clear bitcoin trades for clients.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc said on Thursday it was planning to clear such trades for certain clients.
(Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak and John McCrank in NEW YORK; Michelle Chen in HONG KONG and Helen Reid in LONDON; Graphics by Ritvik Carvalho in LONDON and Reuters Graphics team; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
The Commonwealth Bank of Australia announced on Monday that its beleaguered chief executive will retire by June 2018 after the country's largest bank was accused of breaching money laundering and terrorism financing laws.
Bank Chairman Catherine Livingstone said chief executive Ian Narev will retire by June 30, the end of the current fiscal year. The exact timing will dependent on finding his replacement.
The board decided to detail the succession process "to ensure the market is fully informed and to provide certainty for the business," Livingstone said in a statement.
The Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Center, the government's anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing intelligence agency better known as AUSTRAC, this month launched a civil prosecution in the Federal Court alleging that the bank failed to report more than 53,000 suspicious transactions totally more than 77 million Australian dollars ($61 million) from 2012 to 2015.
The bank has blamed a software error in its automated teller machines. Narev last week conceded the bank had "made mistakes" in relation to the AUSTRAC allegations. The bank has not yet filed its defense in the case.
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission, the corporate watchdog, has since announced it is investigating whether the bank's board should have notified investors sooner of the AUTRAC allegations.
Narev has been the bank's chief executive since 2011.
Here's a tip before you get too mad about what someone says on Twitter: check for the fishhook.
The Philadelphia Eagles' Chris Long, who's made a name for himself both with on-field exploits and off-field political and charitable endeavors, decided to tweak the ultra-serious hockey loyalists Monday night:
I see some ppl saying “turn on the Stanley Cup.” Guys take too many breaks in hockey. Shift changes constantly. For instance, last night,, Lebron played the entire game. I'd rather watch the grinders. — Chris Long (@JOEL9ONE) May 29, 2018
“I see some ppl saying ‘turn on the Stanley Cup.' Guys take too many breaks in hockey. Shift changes constantly,” Long wrote. “For instance, last night,, Lebron played the entire game. I'd rather watch the grinders.”
Long's not an idiot. He knows exactly how hard hockey is. He also knows how easy hockey fans are to troll, what with their persistent “hockey is tougher than basketball durrrr” mentality. This was nothing but chum in the water, and the fans bit, by the hundreds. And none bit harder than The Daily Caller, which posted a story headlined “NFL STAR HAS AN ABSURDLY STUPID TWEET ABOUT HOCKEY. HE COULDN'T BE MORE WRONG.”
Long acknowledged after practice Tuesday that it was a total joke, noting that hockey players are “the toughest,” but that not everyone will get the gag. “The problem is, I'm going to be like walking through Canada at some point and just get jumped,” Long said. “And I'm going to be laying on the ground and I'm going to be like, ‘It was a joke.'”
Anyway, the lesson is: before you think someone's acting like an idiot online, make sure they're not just holding up a mirror.
Chris Long trolled plenty of gullible hockey fans on Twitter. (AP)
____
Jay Busbee is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact him at jay.busbee@yahoo.com or find him on Twitter or on Facebook.
Story Continues
More from Yahoo Sports:
• NFL star's career likely over due to concussions
• Serena's outfit steals show in French Open return
• Why an NFL star's tweet could cost him millions
• Smith rips NFL, says anthem rule pushes ‘false narrative'
A "Celebration of Life" was held on Wednesday to remember the three women -- Dr. Jennifer Gray Golick, Christine Loeber and Dr. Jennifer Gonzales Shushereba -- who died at a veterans center in Yountville. At the memorial, Pathway Home Board of Director Chair Dorothy Salmon honored the victims, saying their legacy will keep the program going."This program will go on because we have amazing partners and because you're all here and you care this much. And we all loved Christine and Jennifer and Jen," she said. "This is their gift and it's their legacy that we keep this going, that we say the Napa Valley is the model for how everyone steps up to the plate, for how we teach other to do this, how we become the symbol for real joyful welcoming back. And not just saying thank you for your service, but walking the talk and really providing the kind of care that we know we can give people in the Napa Valley."
They've been hands-on for the London Food Bank for 30 years at London District Christian secondary school.
Fresh off March break, students rolled up their sleeves and folded 120,000 bags on Monday so they can be inserted in The Free Press for the annual spring food drive for the London Food Bank.
Students at the school have been doing that job since 1988, says food bank co-director Jane Roy.
Teacher Henry Lammers said all 250 students take part and they have perfected the system over the years, so the job takes only just over an hour.
This year's spring food drive kicks off on Thursday and goes until April 2. The donation bags will in The Free Press on Friday. Bags with donations can be dropped off at grocery stores and fire halls.
hdaniszewski@postmedia.c om
twitter.com/HankatLFPress
HELSINKI (AP) — Finland's president crushed his competition to win a second six-year term Sunday, scoring a landslide victory in an election that saw the incumbent getting more than five times the support of his closest challenger.
With all ballots counted, President Sauli Niinisto had 62.7 percent of the vote, while his leading rival, Pekka Haavisto of the Greens, had 12.4 percent.
Haavisto, the runner-up in the 2012 presidential election, conceded the race long before the vote count was completed, telling Finnish national broadcaster Niinisto "is the republic's new president with this result."
None of the other six candidates received more than 7 percent of the vote.
Niinisto, 69, needed a majority of Sunday's vote to prevent a runoff and win outright. He is the first candidate to do since the popular vote was adopted to pick Finland's president in 1994.
The former finance minister and parliament speaker has been a highly popular president since he took office in 2012. He ran as an independent, with no association with the conservative National Coalition Party he once chaired.
Niinisto acknowledged Sunday night that voters had given him a strong mandate to keep governing.
"This result is a surprise to me," Niinisto told reporters, appearing a bit baffled and uncharacteristically emotional. "It's much better than I ever expected. I take it that people have been reasonably happy with my (political) line."
Finland's president designs the blueprint for the country's foreign and security policy together with the government. As head of state, the president is the key foreign policy player, particularly on issues outside the European Union.
The president also acts as the supreme commander of military forces and can veto legislation.
To most Finns, the president's key task is to assure friendly ties with both neighboring Russia, which shares a 1,340 kilometer (833-mile) border with Finland, and the West, particularly the United States.
Judging from the election's outcome, voters think Niinisto has done a good job with this fine balancing act. Finland joined the European Union in 1995, but doesn't belong to NATO.
Niinisto said he does not envision major changes to Finland's policies toward Russia during his second term. He stressed that the countries, though friendly, do have differing views on Russia's annexation of Crimea, among other issues.
He is the 12th head of state since Finland achieved independence from Russia in 1917.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 50 30 15 5 65 155 141 Toronto 52 29 18 5 63 167 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 50 24 18 8 56 144 146 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 52 25 22 5 55 173 189 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Detroit 49 20 21 8 48 128 147 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 San Jose 50 26 16 8 60 146 140 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Vancouver 4, Colorado 3, OT
Wednesday's Games
Toronto 5, N.Y. Islanders 0
Detroit 2, San Jose 1, SO
Washington 5, Philadelphia 3
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Saturday's Games
Ottawa at Philadelphia, 1 p.m.
Anaheim at Montreal, 1 p.m.
Detroit at Florida, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Columbus at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Winnipeg, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Minnesota at Dallas, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Chicago at Calgary, 10 p.m.
Arizona at Los Angeles, 10:30 p.m.
Shefford Town & Campton are now just four points clear at the head of the Premier Division supported by Sportsform standings after they were held to a 2-2 home draw by Marston Shelton Rovers.
Ricky Young and Ryan Lewis scored for the Town against Rovers replies via Jimmy Burraway and Wes Burrows.
Sandy v Totternhoe Reserves. Picture: David Kay. PNL-171115-102317002
Now up into second are Crawley Green Reserves who ran out the 3-1 winners at Sharnbrook to record their fourth win on the bounce. Temitayo Akerele, Sam Edwards and Cameron Veasey netted the vital goals against a lone home reply from Niko Balde.
Whilst now in third place are Wilstead who took their winnin grun to three games with a 4-2 home victory over Renhold United. Tom Stonehouse, Adam Budek, Ryan Davenport and Daniel Mead all found the back of the net against United replies via Michael France and Fernando Reis.
Following four straight defeats Flitwick Town returned to winning ways with a 4-2 victory at Wootton Blue Cross. Ritchie Bevan with a brace plus an own goal and a strike from Joe O'Donnell marked the Town scoresheet against Blue Cross replies via Sam Halfpenny and Ben Chryste.
Also enjoying life on the road were AFC Oakley M&DH and Ickwell & Old Warden. M&DH left it late before a 90th minute strike from Zach Ives took them to a 3-2 victory at AFC Kempston Town & Bedford College. Matt Barnes and David Mulvihill netting the earlier M&DH goals whilst on the home scoresheet were Kurtis Alleyne and Dan Mattin.
Also winning by the same 3-2 scoreline were Ickwell & Old Warden at bottom of the table Queens Park Crescents. Scott Alleyne with a brace and Ashley Drummond grabbed the goals to do the damage against a home brace in reply from Dominic Parrella.
Elsewhere Cranfield United took their unbeaten ways up to five games by sharing the spoils in a 1-1 home draw with Kempston Rovers Development. Josh Bamford was on the home scoresheet against a Rovers reply from Anas Bechkoum.
Division One supported by O'Neills
There is no change at the head of Division One supported by O'Neills following wins for the top four sides. League leaders Wixams extended their unbeaten run to six games with a 4-3 home win over Shefford Town & Campton Reserves. Gareth White, Matt Cornes, Mindaugus Siburkis and Alex Summers were all on their scoresheet against Town replies via Andrew Hayday twice and Sam King once.
Whilst second place Totternhoe Reserves are now unbeaten in their last seven outings after winning 3-2 at Sandy. Tom Howson netted twice and Adam Worthington the once against home replies via Phil Beale and Matt Johnson.
Still just goal difference behind in third are Riseley Sports, 3-0 home winners over Biggleswade FC Reserves. Jack Healy, James Crooke and Duncan Campbell all marked the home scoresheet.
Fourth place AFC Kempston Town & Bedford College Reserves retained their 100% away record with a 3-2 win at The 61FC Luton Reserves. Elliot West from the penalty spot plus Paul Obuch and Arkadiusz Boruch on the Town scoresheet against 61 replies via Pat Doherty and Thanasis Domakopoulos .
Now up into fifth are Flitwick Town Reserves the 4-1 home winners over Lea Sports PSG. Josh Arthur-Kent with a brace plus Sean O'Donnell and Dan Parker netting for the Town against a lone PSG reply via Joe Hennem.
Elsewhere Henlow are still awaiting their first home win of the season after being beaten 3-2 by Cople & Bedford SA. Ollie Hughes with a brace plus Lucas Banton netted for SA against a home brace in reply from Antony Bowskill. Whilst also winning on the road were Cranfield United Reserves who are now unbeaten in their last six outings after winning 4-2 at Meltis Albion. Joe Bygraves with a brace plus Andre Anderson and David Adderson were on the United scoresheet against Albion replies via Dan Smith and Adam Cranny.
Division Two
With leaders Renhold United Reserves sitting the afternoon out, second place Henlow Reserves took full advantage to close the gap on them at the head of Division Two to just a single point with a 2-1 victory at Elstow Abbey who were duly losing for the first time in six outings.
Matt Poulton opened the scoring for the Abbey just 27 seconds into the contest before goals from Josh Izzard and Chris Powell saw the visitors 2-1 in front at the break ahead of a goalless second period.
Just goal difference behind in third spot are Bedford Albion who took their winning ways up to six games with a 4-2 home victory over Atletico Europa. Michael Michalski, Ryan Kelly, Antony Foreman and Adam Lewis were on the Albion scoresheet against Europa replies via Mo Banda and Albert Adeyemi.
Whilst now in fourth place are Houghton Athletic despite having to settle for a share of the spoils in a 1-1 home draw with Westoning. Antony Simms was on the Athletic scoresheet and Thomas Cooksley replying for the visitors.
Luton Leagrave AFC now find themselves on the bottom of the league after they failed to win for the tenth consecutive outing when beaten 3-1 at home by Caldecote Reserves. Sam Julian, Nick Thomas and Martin Chappell netted the visitors' goals against a lone home reply from Daniel Leighton.
Moving off the bottom spot but still awaiting their first win are Sundon Park Rovers who claimed a share of the spoils in a 3-3 draw at AFC Oakley Oakley M&DH Reserves. Bradley Duffet, James Grandidge and Ray Patrickson were on the M&DH scoresheet against Rovers replies via Tirell Jeffers, Ethan Tenn and Nick Buttigieg.
Also finishing all square but at 1-1 was the game between Marston Shelton Rovers Reserves and CS Rovers, Dean Clark netting for the home side and Connor Darocha for the visitors.
Division Three
Kempston Athletic are now three points clear in Division Three following their 4-0 home victory over AFC Kempston Town & Bedford College A. Josh St Clair Pierre, Nicholas Ememe, Craig Damon and Luke Mongiovi all found the back of the net.
Whilst now up into second spot and still unbeaten on home soil this season are Clifton, 4-2 winners over Caldecote A. Charlie Watson, George McMillan, Christian Farrugia and Cameron Lewis all netted for the home side against visiting replies via Roberto Salvaggio and Tony Norman.
The club dropping in the standings to third are Black Swan after they were defeated 1-0 at Harlington who are now just goal difference behind them in fourth place, Roan Wedderburn netting that lone goal of the game.
Now in fifth place are Bedford Albion Reserves who won 5-1 at Dinamo Flitwick to take their unbeaten ways up to six games. Tom Wade, Adam Wodecki, Brandon Hung, Matt Phelan and Josh Emmerson all netted to bring up the nap hand against a lone home reply via Tom Ford.
However the biggest win of the day went to Shefford Town & Campton A, 6-1 winners at White Eagles. Jacob Jevon with a brace was joined on the Town scoresheet by single strikes from Sam Lummis, Liam Radley, Michael Castle and Daniel Hammer against a lone Eagles reply via Jan Bucur.
Elsewhere Stevington Reserves claimed their first home win of the season in defeating bottom of the table Wootton Village 4-2. Daniel Jeffries with a brace joined on the home scoresheet by Matt Coles and Tony Riley against Village replies via Nick Burraway from the penalty spot and Dan Smith.
Whilst Flitwick Town A remain unbeaten on home soil this season after sharing the spoils in a 2-2 draw with Sandy Reserves. Joe Kwarcinski and Mark Bartlett were on the Town scoresheet against replies via Aaron Seldon and Recardo McKay.
Director Karen Moore introduced Jimmy Lichtenstein from AT&T to talk about MapFlex, the current software used to display 911 calls on a map application.
Lichtenstein talked about the recent upgrades to MapFlex that were meant to make it more user-friendly and less likely to crash.
“You guys got MapFlex in the very, very early stage, and it wasn't ready,” said Lichtenstein. “It is much different today, and it will continue to get better. Since we've done the upgrade, I don't think we've had any major issues.”
In other business, the board discussed building expansion proposals on the table for a co-location of all call takers and dispatchers with county and municipal emergency and law enforcement agencies.
Moore presented the board with blueprints that detailed what the proposal would mean for the current building.
The blueprints included a new parking area behind the building, as well as a 6,000-square-foot addition that could allow for as many as 16-20 additional personnel in the building.
The co-location was called into question when it was reported the Lebanon Police Department was moving forward with plans to build its own communication building.
Lebanon police Chief Mike Justice later clarified he is all for the idea of co-location.
“We are, moving forward, looking at building a communications building,” said Justice. “But if the 911 Board, in the future, ever got the funding and built a building, we absolutely would co-locate. We would just reutilize that space from our communications department.”
In this introduction to a special edited issue of First Monday on viewing patterns, we argue that information, iteration and incarnation are useful paths to understanding emergent media infrastructures. Here we explain the connection of this collection's essays in the context of these overarching themes. As our media infrastructure — which encompasses social media, data archives, participatory media, and mobile media — takes on a structuring agency in the spheres of politics, journalism, and entertainment, we must contend with the changing shape of these media infrastructures as dominant forces of power-knowledge.
Transcript for A man who allegedly sold ammunition to the Vegas shooter has been arrested
Next, a new arrest tied to the Las Vegas massacre. Douglas haig facing charges involving armor-piercing ammunition that he alleged manufactured and sold to Stephen paddock. He admitted to selling more than 700 rounds in the weeks before paddock killed 58 people. From his suite. ABC's Adrienne Bankert how police tied him to paddock and what he said about the shooter. I'm the guy who sold ammunition to paddock. Tonight, the man who admitted to selling bullets to Stephen paddock, is under arrest. Douglas haig now charged with conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing bullets. Those bullets heavily regulated because they cut right through the officer's vest. None of the ammunition that Doug sold to Mr. Paddock was used at all in the tragedy that occurred in Las Vegas. Reporter: In September, just 12 days before the tragic Vegas shooting, haig said paddock bought 720 rounds of high-caliber tracer ammunition at his Arizona home. He says this transaction was legal. He pulled up, very well-dressed. Very well groomed. Very polite. Reporter: Wasn't legal was selling that armor-piercing. Also, his fingerprints on two unused cartridges. Paddock would slaughter 58 people at that Las Vegas music festival. More than 500 injured. Many still recovering like these women. Our new Normal is starting to form four months later. And so, we're trying. Reporter: This week, they received news of the arrest just before attending their first live concert before the massacre. One more note from the federal documents, when paddock bought that ammo he put haig put on gloves beforehandling the boxes. Now, to a deadly encounter between a police officer and a car chase suspect, the pursuit
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
HONG KONG (AP) — A British banker sentenced to life in prison for the gruesome slayings of two Indonesian women has appeared in a Hong Kong court in a bid to appeal his conviction.
Lawyers for Rurik Jutting presented their arguments Tuesday in the semiautonomous Chinese city's Court of Appeal.
They were requesting the court's permission for an appeal, on the basis that the trial judge gave incorrect instructions to the jury on deciding their verdict.
The nine-person jury last year convicted the Cambridge University-educated Jutting of the 2014 killings of Seneng Mujiasih and Sumarti Ningsih.
The case shocked residents of Hong Kong, while also highlighting wide inequality and seedy aspects usually hidden below the surface.
Jutting watched the proceedings from the dock Tuesday, often leafing through a bundle of court documents.
NEW YORK (AP) — Companies like Apple and Walt Disney as well as Walmart's philanthropic foundation are investors in a $23 million venture fund aiming to use tools like artificial intelligence and blockchain technology to improve global labor practices.
Working Capital was launched Tuesday by Humanity United, a foundation that's part of the Omidyar Group started by the founder of eBay.
The fund is focusing on startups testing ways to trace products or monitor abuses. For example, Unilever is testing a blockchain tool to trace tea from plantations to the supermarket. And a data analytics tool is aimed at identifying early signs of labor abuses.
Ed Marcum, managing director of Humanity United, says improving labor practices is a complex task and the testing is in early stages, but the goal is for mainstream adoption.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Browns safety Damarious Randall underestimated two things: the power of social media and passion of Cleveland fans.
Randall said Wednesday he never imagined that an innocent Twitter posting about the NBA Finals would blow up into a national story — and maybe something he lives to regret.
A big fan of Golden State star guard Stephen Curry, Randall posted a tweet on Monday night promising that if the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Warriors in the "2018 NBA finals, I'll buy everyone who retweets this a jersey."
By Wednesday afternoon, Randall's tweet had been retweeted 869,000 times.
"Honestly, I didn't think it was going to get over 100," Randall said after practice. "I didn't think people were going to actually view that as a serious tweet from me. But obviously it got the whole world excited about it, and I mean now I'm actually excited about it. It is a great, great opportunity to interact with the fans and we're just going to watch the series and just see how everything folds out."
Randall, who came to the Browns in a March trade from Green Bay, said he couldn't track the number of re-tweets because his phone locked up when he tried to access his Twitter account.
"I definitely didn't think it would go as viral as it did," the 25-year-old said. "I definitely didn't think the Cleveland fan base would go this crazy about it. Obviously, it was a joke, but just to know how passionate this fan base is, I mean, it's just really encouraging."
Randall wouldn't say if he planned to pay off his promise if the Cavs win.
"We'll talk about this after the series is over," he said.
Randall is from Florida, but said he became a fan of Curry's after the shooting star made a name for himself at Davidson College and went pro. Randall said he also likes Cleveland's superstar LeBron James, but not as much as Curry.
"I am not anti-LeBron. I am actually a big LeBron fan as well, but when he's going against Steph, I would rather Steph over LeBron," he said. "But at the end of the day, I mean they are both great, great players, and I definitely respect everything that LeBron has done for this community and for this city and state. He is one of the greatest players to ever touch a basketball if you ask me."
Browns quarterback Tyrod Taylor had some advice for Randall when it comes to picking sides and making your opinion public on social media.
"Don't hit send," he said. "Should have been smarter about the whole situation, about the tweet. Whether you feel that way or not, don't tweet it."
Coach Hue Jackson, who plans to jump into Lake Erie on Friday to make good on a promise he made when the team was going 0-16 last season, knew Randall would get some heat for his tweet.
"I think what Damarious found out is that there are a lot of passionate Cleveland fans here, and you've got to be careful about what you say," Jackson said. "I don't think he meant any harm. I think he has a love and a respect for Curry, obviously. But he found out that, 'Hey, look, in this city it's about the Cavaliers and LeBron James."
Jackson also used a comment made by James following Cleveland's win in Boston on Sunday as a teaching tool for the Browns.
"Just the other day, I was able to show them LeBron's message to the media in Game 7 when he talked about team," he said.
"I thought it was tremendous. I thought what he said about his other teammates and how they are a huge part of it and how people who have not played the game or wore shorts or been in a locker room understand what it takes to win. I thought that was sensational. I said that to our football team."
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
JACKSON, Miss.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Trustmark Corporation (NASDAQ:TRMK) reported net income of $36.8 million in the first quarter of 2018, representing diluted earnings per share of $0.54. Diluted earnings per share in the first quarter of 2018 increased 12.5% when compared to core earnings in the previous quarter and 17.4% when compared to the same period in the prior year. This level of earnings resulted in a return on average tangible equity of 13.05% and a return on average assets of 1.10%. Trustmark's Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.23 per share payable June 15, 2018, to shareholders of record on June 1, 2018.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006356/en/
Printer friendly version of earnings release with consolidated financial statements and notes: http://www.businesswire.com/cgi-bin/mmg.cgi?eid=51793894&lang=en
First Quarter Highlights
Revenue, excluding interest and fees on acquired loans, increased 1.7% linked quarter and 4.0% year-over-year to total $144.0 million The net interest margin (FTE), excluding acquired loans, was 3.37% in the first quarter, up 2 basis points from the prior quarter and down 1 basis point year-over-year Core noninterest expense, which excludes other real estate and intangible amortization, totaled $100.2 million in the first quarter, down 0.6% from the prior quarter and up 1.5% year-over-year Sustained strong credit performance reflected in reduced nonperforming assets and net recoveries
Gerard R. Host, President and CEO, stated, “The first quarter marked a positive start to 2018, as we placed continued emphasis on balance sheet optimization, capital deployment and disciplined expense management. The strong performance of our mortgage and insurance businesses shows the value of our diverse business model. Thanks to our talented associates, solid profitability and strong capital base, Trustmark remains well positioned to continue meeting the needs of our customers and creating long-term value for our shareholders.”
Balance Sheet Management
Continued balance sheet optimization through maturing investment securities run-off and opportunistic share repurchases Capital base continues to provide flexibility in pursuing growth opportunities Noninterest-bearing deposits represent 27.4% of total deposits
Loans held for investment totaled $8.5 billion at March 31, 2018, a decrease of 0.7% from the prior quarter and an increase of 6.4% from the comparable period one year earlier. Acquired loans totaled $215.5 million at March 31, 2018, down $46.0 million from the prior quarter. Collectively, loans held for investment and acquired loans totaled $8.7 billion at March 31, 2018, down $102.0 million, or 1.2%, from the prior quarter.
Deposits totaled $11.0 billion at March 31, 2018, up $398.3 million, or 3.8%, from the prior quarter. Trustmark continues to maintain an attractive, low-cost deposit base with approximately 60% of deposit balances in checking accounts. Deposit costs remain well controlled with the 9 basis point linked-quarter increase in interest bearing deposit cost driven in part by public fund deposits.
Trustmark's capital position remained solid, reflecting the consistent profitability of its diversified financial services businesses. During the first quarter, Trustmark repurchased $2.5 million of its common shares in open market transactions and has $96.7 million in remaining authority under its existing stock repurchase program, which expires March 31, 2019. At March 31, 2018, Trustmark's tangible equity to tangible assets ratio was 9.00%, while the total risk-based capital ratio was 13.44%.
Credit Quality
Other real estate decreased 8.5% and 29.3% from the prior quarter and year-over-year, respectively Recoveries exceeded charge-offs; net recoveries represented -0.03% of average loans Allowance for loan losses represented 314.28% of nonperforming loans, excluding specifically reviewed impaired loans
Nonperforming loans totaled $68.7 million at March 31, 2018, up 1.7% from the prior quarter and 12.1% year-over-year. Other real estate totaled $39.6 million, reflecting a decline of 8.5% from the previous quarter and 29.3% from the same period one year earlier. Collectively, nonperforming assets totaled $108.3 million, reflecting a linked-quarter decrease of 2.3% and year-over-year decrease of 7.7%.
Allocation of Trustmark's $81.2 million allowance for loan losses represented 1.04% of commercial loans and 0.64% of consumer and home mortgage loans, resulting in an allowance to total loans held for investment of 0.95% at March 31, 2018, representing a level management considers commensurate with the inherent risk in the loan portfolio. Collectively, the allowance for both held for investment and acquired loan losses represented 0.98% of total loans, which includes held for investment and acquired loans.
Unless otherwise noted, all of the above credit quality metrics exclude acquired loans.
Revenue Generation
Net interest margin, excluding acquired loans, was 3.37%, an increase of 2 basis points from the prior quarter Maturing investment securities run-off is accretive to the net interest margin Deposit costs remain well controlled Noninterest income totaled $46.8 million, up 6.4% linked quarter and 1.7% year-over-year
Net interest income (FTE) in the first quarter totaled $105.3 million, resulting in a net interest margin of 3.46%, down 2 basis points from the prior quarter. Relative to the prior quarter, net interest income (FTE) decreased $3.8 million, reflecting a $3.2 million decrease in interest income and a $592 thousand increase in interest expense. During the first quarter of 2018, the yield on acquired loans totaled 8.13% and included $594 thousand in recoveries from the settlement of debt, which represented approximately 0.99% of the annualized total acquired loan yield. The net interest margin was negatively impacted by approximately 6 basis points linked-quarter and year-over-year due to the enactment of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act which reduced the full tax equivalent adjustment as a result of the lower corporate tax rate. This compression year-over-year is principally offset by the runoff of maturing investment securities, while linked quarter is offset by the runoff of maturing investment securities and quarterly day count.
Noninterest income in the first quarter increased 6.4% from the prior quarter to total $46.8 million, as higher mortgage banking revenues and insurance commissions more than offset seasonal reductions in various fee-income categories. Mortgage banking revenue totaled $11.3 million in the first quarter, up $5.0 million from the prior quarter and $1.1 million year-over-year. The linked-quarter change reflects a net positive mortgage valuation adjustment and a net positive mortgage servicing hedge ineffectiveness that more than offset decreased secondary marketing gains. Mortgage loan production totaled $289.1 million, down 14.3% from the prior quarter and 4.7% year-over-year. Insurance revenue totaled $9.4 million in the first quarter, up 6.9% from the prior quarter and 2.2% year-over-year; this performance primarily reflects growth in the group health insurance and property and casualty businesses.
Wealth management revenue in the first quarter totaled $7.6 million, down 2.0% and up 2.1% from the prior quarter and year-over-year, respectively. The linked-quarter decline is primarily attributable to decreased commission-based transactions within investment services. Bank card and other fees declined $640 thousand from the prior quarter due to seasonal reductions in interchange income and other miscellaneous bank fees. Service charges on deposit accounts declined $336 thousand from the prior quarter, reflecting seasonal reductions in NSF and overdraft fees.
Noninterest Expense
Total noninterest expense declined 0.5% linked quarter and increased 0.4% year-over-year to $102.5 million Core noninterest expense, which excludes other real estate expense and intangible amortization, totaled $100.2 million, down 0.6% from the prior quarter and up 1.5% year-over-year
Salaries and employee benefits decreased $345 thousand from the prior quarter to total $58.5 million. Services and fees increased 2.1%, or $327 thousand, linked-quarter. Other real estate expense totaled $866 thousand, up $200 thousand from the prior quarter, while net occupancy-premises expense totaled $6.5 million, down 1.7% from the prior quarter. Other expense totaled $11.8 million, a decline of $783 thousand, or 6.2%, on a linked-quarter basis.
Trustmark remains committed to optimization of its retail delivery channels to promote additional growth. In the first quarter, Trustmark opened a location in Pensacola, Florida, that not only serves as a branch, but also as headquarters for the Fisher Brown Bottrell Insurance agency.
Additional Information
As previously announced, Trustmark will conduct a conference call with analysts on Wednesday, April 25, 2018 at 8:30 a.m. Central Time to discuss the Corporation's financial results. Interested parties may listen to the conference call by dialing (877) 317-3051 or by clicking on the link provided under the Investor Relations section of our website at www.trustmark.com. A replay of the conference call will also be available through Wednesday, May 9, 2018, in archived format at the same web address or by calling (877) 344-7529, passcode 10118412.
Trustmark Corporation is a financial services company providing banking and financial solutions through 199 offices in Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Tennessee and Texas.
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this document constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “may,” “hope,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” “continue,” “could,” “future” or the negative of those terms or other words of similar meaning. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss our future expectations or state other “forward-looking” information. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to anticipated future operating and financial performance measures, including net interest margin, credit quality, business initiatives, growth opportunities and growth rates, among other things, and encompass any estimate, prediction, expectation, projection, opinion, anticipation, outlook or statement of belief included therein as well as the management assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. You should be aware that the occurrence of the events described under the caption “Risk Factors” in Trustmark's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Should one or more of these risks materialize, or should any such underlying assumptions prove to be significantly different, actual results may vary significantly from those anticipated, estimated, projected or expected.
Risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations of Management include, but are not limited to, changes in the level of nonperforming assets and charge-offs, local, state and national economic and market conditions, including potential market impacts of efforts by the Federal Reserve Board to reduce the size of its balance sheet and conditions in the housing and real estate markets in the regions in which Trustmark operates and the extent and duration of the current volatility in the credit and financial markets as well as crude oil prices, changes in our ability to measure the fair value of assets in our portfolio, material changes in the level and/or volatility of market interest rates, the performance and demand for the products and services we offer, including the level and timing of withdrawals from our deposit accounts, the costs and effects of litigation and of unexpected or adverse outcomes in such litigation, our ability to attract noninterest-bearing deposits and other low-cost funds, competition in loan and deposit pricing, as well as the entry of new competitors into our markets through de novo expansion and acquisitions, economic conditions, including the potential impact of monetary and other governmental actions designed to address the level and volatility of interest rates and the volatility of securities, currency and other markets, the enactment of legislation and changes in existing regulations or enforcement practices or the adoption of new regulations, changes in accounting standards and practices, including changes in the interpretation of existing standards, that affect our consolidated financial statements, changes in consumer spending, borrowings and savings habits, technological changes, changes in the financial performance or condition of our borrowers, changes in our ability to control expenses, changes in our compensation and benefit plans, greater than expected costs or difficulties related to the integration of acquisitions or new products and lines of business, cyber-attacks and other breaches which could affect our information system security, natural disasters, environmental disasters, acts of war or terrorism, and other risks described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as the result of new information, future events or developments or otherwise.
This article has been truncated. You can see the rest of this article by visiting http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006356/en.
Bennett: Only standing on principles will bring us respect Minister of Diaspora affairs Naftali Bennett addressed rabbis and community leaders about Israel's political situation in the world. Contact Editor Mordechai Sones,
Hezki Baruch Naftali Bennett Minister of Diaspora affairs Naftali Bennett spoke today (Monday) before the Conference of Rabbis and Community Leaders of the World Zionist Organization Center for Spiritual Services in the Diaspora.
In his speech, Bennett said, "In the last two weeks, two blows were delivered to Israel: Members of the UN Security Council raised their hands in favor of a resolution that the entire Old City, the Mount of Olives, City of David, and the rest of Judea and Samaria and the Jordan Valley, are all occupied territory, illegal.
"In whose authority do people address a nation founded almost 4,000 years ago, and for 3,000 of which has had Jerusalem as its capital. Who appointed them to say that our house, our capital, is occupied? Jerusalem is ours forever and no Jew, in any generation, and even a whole generation of Jews, who seeks to forfeit it can [do so]. Because it belongs to the nation of Israel," stated Bennett.
"People wish us an Happy Hanukkah; when they wish Happy Hanukkah do they understand where Judah Maccabee fought? Did he fight on Rothschild Boulevard in Tel Aviv or on the slopes that ascend from the Ayalon Valley towards Jerusalem, what they call 'the occupied territories'? How can you wish Happy Hanukkah when the area is occupied?" Bennett wondered.
He said: "The world thinks that the Land of the Patriarchs is for us a folklore symbol. It is not a symbol, the land is real. Anyone who lives thousands of miles from here does not understand that we live Jerusalem, Ma'aleh Levonah, and Hebron. This is the reality. But I have no complaints to nations of the world, the complaints should be directed to us ourselves. Have we really been clear and unambiguous regarding our absolute right to the Land of Israel?"
Bennett utilized Hanukkah to clarify the point: "Let's go back to read Matthias' famous call. When he declared, 'Who is with G-d, to me!', he did not say, 'Look, let's concede and come to an agreement with the Greeks, we'll jettison the Covenant'. He said: 'Whoever is for G-d, to me!'. Only an unambiguous declaration will gain the respect of the world. I am not looking for love in the world, and we won't get any. Israel will achieve respect when Israel respects itself, when the people of Israel say the Land of Israel belongs to the people of Israel. Then and only then will we unify the nation and have the world's respect.
"Whoever is willing to divide himself will only enjoy the world's love momentary," added Bennett. "Applause. A week of applause after we gave away and left Gush Katif. What did we get then? Leave aside the terror tunnels, the rockets, even the international scene: Does the world say 'Wow you Israelis are so generous. You expelled the Jews, applause. Now we're with you...'? What happened with Operation Cast Lead? The Goldstone report, the Chavez report and the Marmara. From bad to worse. They despise and condemn us. They say that we ourselves do not think this is our country.
"Israel should comply with its principles, only this gets respect from the world. Only if we provide our own light. But concessions are not power but a great weakness," said Bennett.
Towards the end of his remarks Bennett spoke about the issue of assimilation: "In another hundred years they will ask, did you know we are losing a lot of Jews? We are being lost at a rate unlike any time in our nation's history. There was the exile of the tribes, the Holocaust, but we are now in one of the major events in terms of losing Jews in our history. You who are involved in the field are doing sacred work. Even if the entire Jewish people do not move to Israel, we want them to, but we know that not everyone will. Today, thank G-d the State of Israel is at the heart, so to you I just want to say thank you - you have fulfilled the supreme command of the Strength of Israel..."
ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) — A contractor working at a Pennsylvania newspaper who was pinned underneath a piece of machinery that was being removed from the pressroom has died.
The Lehigh County coroner says the man became trapped at The Morning Call in Allentown on Tuesday afternoon. Crews have been dismantling the printing press after the paper's printing operations moved to Jersey City, New Jersey.
The coroner says the victim is a 32-year-old man from Cape Coral, Florida. His name wasn't immediately released.
The Morning Call reports that newsroom workers heard a loud boom shortly after 5 p.m. The cause of the accident is under investigation.
Publisher and editor Robert York expressed "heartfelt sympathy" to the man's family and says the company is cooperating with authorities. The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration has been notified of the contractor's death.
São Paulo (AP) — Brazil is vaccinating more than 20 million people against yellow fever to control a budding outbreak.
The World Health Organization says that the campaign that began Thursday is the largest ever using reduced doses that provide short-term coverage but cover more people with the same amount of vaccine.
Yellow fever is common in Brazil, but the country saw an unusually large outbreak last year, including in areas that don't usually see cases.
The Health Ministry says 130 cases have been confirmed and 53 people have died in the current outbreak.
Some 23.8 million people in Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo and Bahia states will be vaccinated in coming weeks, most with fractional doses. The WHO says a one-fifth dose provides immunity for at least 12 months.
In a few weeks, teenagers will stumble bleary eyed and yawning into middle and high schools to beat that early morning bell. But in California, that could change by 2020. That's if the state legislature passes a bill next month which would require all middle and high schools to open at 8:30 a.m. or later.
Here & Now‘s Robin Young talks with California State Sen. Anthony Portantino (@Portantino), a Democrat representing the San Fernando and San Gabriel Valley areas, who proposed the bill, and with Nancy Chaires Espinoza, a legislative advocate for the California School Boards Association, which opposes it.
Golfer Tiger Woods had pain, anxiety and sleep medications, as well as THC, in his system when he was arrested on Memorial Day on suspicion of driving under the influence, according to a toxicology report released Monday by the Palm Beach County (Florida) Sheriff's Office.
A urine test revealed hydrocodone and hydromorphone, two opioid pain medications; alprazolam, prescribed for anxiety and panic disorders; zolpidem, a sedative prescribed for insomnia; and metabolites of alprazolam and of THC, the active ingredient in marijuana. Metabolites are what remains in the body after a person uses a drug.
"Recently, I had been trying on my own to treat my back pain and a sleep disorder, including insomnia, but I realize now it was a mistake to do this without medical assistance," Woods said in a statement Monday. "I am continuing to work with my doctors, and they feel I've made significant progress. I remain grateful for the amazing support that I continue to receive and for the family and friends that are assisting me."
The US National Library of Medicine warns against mixing alprazolam with either hydrocodone or hydromorphone, suggesting that the combination might lead to dizziness, lightheadedness, extreme sleepiness, slowed or difficult breathing, or unresponsiveness. In particular, hydrocodone plus alprazolam may increase the risk of "breathing problems, sedation, coma, or other serious, life-threatening side effects."
Police records indicate that Woods, 41, was found asleep on the side of a road in his 2015 Mercedes-Benz. The engine was running and the brake lights on, with the right turn signal flashing. The front and rear tires on the driver's side had gone flat, with both tire rims showing minor damage.
Police found no crash or property damage.
When he was awakened, Woods' speech was slurred. Dahscam video released by the police show him walking unsteadily when asked to get out of his car; shortly thereafter, he is unsure of what is happening to him. A Breathalyzer registered 0.000 for alcohol.
The police report noted that Woods was cooperative.
Woods said at the time of his arrest that alcohol was not involved and that he had "an unexpected reaction to prescribed medications."
In June, the golfer stated on Twitter that he was receiving "professional help" to manage his medications for back pain and a sleep disorder. In July, he said he had completed an out-of-state private intensive program.
Last week, Woods entered a DUI first-offender program, according to a representative for the state attorney in Palm Beach County.
The program typically calls for a defendant to plead guilty to a lesser charge of reckless driving, but no plea was entered on behalf of Woods. His arraignment is set for October 25.
Woods has won 14 major tournaments, second only to Jack Nicklaus. The golfer hasn't played competitively since he withdrew from the Dubai Desert Classic in February due to back spasms.
He underwent fusion surgery on his back this year, his fourth operation since 2014. Woods wrote that "it was instant nerve relief" in a post on his website May 24.
Woods said Monday, "Regarding my back, I recently spoke to my surgeon and he's very pleased with how my fusion is healing. I'm right on schedule. I'm now doing some light lifting, riding a stationary bike and putting a little."
Despite his injuries and pain, he has expressed a desire to continue to play golf professionally.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 2 to 3 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- A total of 15 lucky receipts carry the winning number for the NT$10 million (US$333,000) special prize and 12 invoices for the NT$2 million grand prize in the March - April draw of the Taiwan receipt lottery, according to the Ministry of Finance (MOF).
The winning number for the NT$10 million special prizes for the March - April round of the Taiwan receipt lottery, also known as the uniform invoice lottery, is 12342126.
The winning number for the NT$2 million grand prize is 80740977.
The winning numbers for the First Prize, are 36822639, 38786238, and 87204837. If all the digits on your receipt match any of the three numbers just mentioned in the right order, you have won NT$200,000.
If you have the last seven digits right, you can receive NT$40,000 (US$1,300), if you have the final six digits in the right order, you will receive NT$10,000 (US$329), and if the last five digits are the same, then the prize is NT$4,000
With the four final digits in the right order, the holder of the uniform invoice can receive NT$1,000 and with the three last numbers right, NT$200.
As for the additional prize, there are two numbers this time around: 991 and 715. The last three digits of receipts with one of these two numbers will garner a NT$200 prize.
The winning receipts for the March - April draw can be redeemed starting on June 6 and the deadline to receive the prizes for this period is Sept. 5.
As for the 15 winning invoices of the special prize for the January - February edition of the receipt lottery, five receipts have yet to be submitted. Winners of the January - February round of the lottery must hand in their winning receipts before July 5.
ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistan is still mulling Afghanistan's recent overtures, including an invitation that Pakistani prime minister visit Kabul.
Analysts widely see the offer as a good sign, underscoring that dialogue between the two often uneasy neighbors is key to defeating militants on both sides of the border.
Pakistan, however, says it wants to consult the country's political and military leadership before accepting Afghan President Ashraf Ghani's invitation.
The invitation follows a visit last weekend to Kabul by Pakistan's National Security Adviser Nasser Janjua and also last month's offer by Ghani of unconditional talks with the Taliban.
The Taliban have not responded yet.
Pakistan's foreign ministry spokesman Moahmmad Faisal said on Tuesday the country's political and military leaders are carefully considering the invitation in order "to prepare a brief for the prime minister."
ROME (AP) — Already in serious crisis following the Azzurri's failure to qualify for the World Cup, the Italian football federation is facing emergency measures after four failed votes to elect a new president.
The election assembly fell apart on Monday when amateur leagues president Cosimo Sibilia ordered his supporters to leave their ballots empty in the final round.
"After having sought to reach an agreement in every manner possible, we can't proceed further," Sibilia told the nearly 300-person assembly near the end of the 10-hour election.
In the third round, Sibilia led with 39 percent of the votes, slightly ahead of Serie C president Gabriele Gravina with 38 percent. Players' Association president Damiano Tommasi, a reform candidate and former Roma player, was eliminated with 21 percent.
A majority was needed to win.
While there was no hope for a winner, a fourth vote was held that resulted in Gravina leading with 39 percent and Sibilia with 2 percent.
The Italian Olympic Committee, which oversees all sports in Italy, will likely impose an emergency leader for the federation.
"This is a loss for our system. ... But it's fair that someone from outside gives us a hand," Tommasi said. "Maybe it's not a coincidence that we didn't qualify for the World Cup."
After Tommasi was eliminated, the Players' Association's refusal to throw its weight behind Sibilia or Gravina ended any hope of a successful election.
"We needed change and we believed that neither of the two candidates seriously represented reform," Tommasi said. "One of the reasons we didn't qualify for the World Cup is due to our administrative struggles."
The federation was previously put under emergency leadership in 2006, when ex-senator Guido Rossi took charge following the "Calciopoli" refereeing scandal.
"An emergency administration would be a loss for everyone," Torino president Urbano Cairo said. "It means refusing to find a solution for re-launching the sport. Having someone from outside take charge is something negative and I don't like it."
Sibilia, a supporter of previous president Carlo Tavecchio, also led the first two rounds of voting, when 75 percent and 66 percent of the votes were needed to win, respectively.
"It's not something to laugh at," former FIGC president Giancarlo Abete said of the failed votes. "It's something to cry over."
The election was called after Tavecchio resigned in November after Italy's playoff loss to Sweden meant the four-time champion missed out on the sport's showcase event for the first time in six decades.
"The fans needed someone to blame but we've done a lot of positive things in the FIGC and that should not be forgotten," Tavecchio said in his outgoing address, which was met by a standing ovation.
In the meantime, Italy's national team remains without a coach.
Gian Piero Ventura, the previous coach, was fired two days after the playoff loss.
Carlo Ancelotti, Antonio Conte, and Roberto Mancini are among the leading candidates to replace Ventura.
Italy's next match is on March 27, a friendly against England in London.
___
More AP Serie A coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/SerieA
___
Andrew Dampf on Twitter: www.twitter.com/asdampf
President Donald Trump Tuesday suggested that his own nominee to head the Department of Veterans Affairs, Rear. Adm. Ronny Jackson, withdraw his name from consideration in a stunning turn of events that could likely end all hope that he becomes the next VA secretary."I wouldn't -- if I were him, actually in many ways I'd love to be him, but the fact is I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it," Trump said in the East Room of the White House during a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron "What does he need it for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country? I really don't think personally he should do it, but it's totally his. I would stand behind him. Totally his decision," Trump said.The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee is reviewing what it calls "serious allegations" surrounding Jackson that include claims he created a hostile work environment and improperly dispensed medication as a White House physician, congressional and administration sources tell ABC News.The sources said the medication in question is the prescription sleep aid Ambien.Committee leaders announced Tuesday that they had postponed Wednesday's confirmation hearing while they reviewed the allegations.Moments before the president made his remarks, ABC News spotted Jackson on Capitol Hill meeting with lawmakers about his nomination. He ignored questions about the allegations and said, "I'm looking forward to re-scheduling the hearing and getting the process moving."Asked whether the hearing would be rescheduled he said, "That's going to be up to the committee."President Trump praised Jackson as "a fine man" and a "great doctor, great everything," but said wouldn't want Jackson to go through a politically damaging nomination process."I don't want to put a man through who's not a political person. I don't want to put a man through a process like this," Trump said. "It's too ugly and too disgusting. So we'll see what happens. He'll make a decision."Trump also addressed concerns that Jackson, who is currently the president's personal White House physician, lacks the overall management qualifications to head the second largest agency in the federal government, saying simply "there's an experience problem."In a letter to Trump, the top Republican and Democrat on the committee ask the White House to turn over "any and all allegations and documents, including those developed during the course of an investigation" related to Jackson's service in the White House Medical Unit.The Defense Department inspector general would not comment on the existence of any possible investigations into Jackson's conduct and referred all questions to the White House.Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal , a member of the Veterans Affairs Committee, would not discuss details of the allegations but told ABC News "they go to his integrity and his management ability and his credibility to manage that department."Committee chairman Republican Sen. Johnny Isakson shared concerns about the allegations but cautioned to ABC News "not everything you read in the news is true."The White House was standing by the nomination of Jackson earlier Tuesday, but senior aides concede privately that there is a chance the nomination goes down.Deputy secretary Hogan Gidley released a statement Tuesday morning on Jackson after news of the allegations broke, saying "He's served as the physician to three Presidents-Republican and Democrat-and been praised by them all."Admiral Jackson's record of strong, decisive leadership is exactly what's needed at the VA to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve," the statement said.Jackson has spoken publicly about prescribing Ambien during White House international trips, a common practice for overcoming jet lag. "When we travel from one time zone to another time zone on the other side of the planet, I recommend that everyone on the plane take a sleep aid at certain times so that we can try our best to get on the schedule of our destination," Jackson said at a press briefing earlier this year.Several lawmakers said the White House should be held responsible for the delayed nomination because of a failure to properly vet the nominee."It is really frustrating to me that this administration continues to not vet or sloppily send over a nominee that leaves us having to really vet them and look at serious questions, which this Senate is now doing, and that's the right step," Sen. Patty Murray , D-Wash., told ABC News.Asked if he should withdraw his nomination, she said, "that is up to the White House.""But I will assure you that every one of us as members of the committee are looking at every allegation and we have a responsibility to do so," she said.President Trump nominated Jackson last month after he fired his first VA secretary, David Shulkin, amid allegations Shulkin misused taxpayer funds and faced growing tension with other senior Trump staff.
Archaeologists in Egypt have discovered more than 1,000 statues and 10 sarcophagi in an ancient noble's tomb on the west bank of the Nile River in Luxor.
The Antiquities Ministry said Tuesday that the tomb was built for a judge during the New Kingdom period, from roughly 1,500 to 1,000 B.C.
The tomb comprised an open courtyard leading to two halls, one containing four ancient coffins and the other including a chamber that houses six. The head of archaeological mission, Mostafa el-Waziri, says another chamber was found containing the statues, which depict kings from different dynasties.
He said archaeologists expect to find even more statues as the dig continues.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
LAS VEGAS -- The first time Ronda Rousey met UFC president Dana White, she asked for a few minutes of his time to make her pitch for creating a women's division in the UFC.
She was passionate and charismatic. She had a vision for what the sport could do for women and how she could lead the way.
"Fifteen minutes into a 45-minute conversation, I was like, 'Holy s---, I'm in. If we're ever going to do it, this is the woman to do so,'" White recalled.
The last time he spoke to Rousey, late Friday night after a brutal first-round knockout loss to Amanda Nunes, White was the one doing all the talking. She barely said a word.
"I must have tears, blood and boogers all over my f---ing jacket. I went in there and hugged her for 45 minutes," White said. "I told her, 'I love you so much, and whatever you want to do next, I got your back. You built this. This doesn't exist without you. You're the best decision I ever made.'"
Less than five years separated these conversations, and yet everything was different -- the world, the sport and, most of all, Ronda Rousey herself.
She wasn't making the case to fight anymore; White was.
In many ways, Rousey had outgrown a fighter's life years ago. She talked openly of wanting to get married, have children and start a new life for herself outside of the spotlight. She had movie roles waiting for her. She was signing on for executive producing positions in various other projects. She had made tens of millions of dollars from the UFC, endorsements and other projects. She'd written a bestselling autobiography. She'd become a feminist hero with her message of fierce strength and ambition.
By themselves, none of these things meant she couldn't still be a champion fighter. But collectively, they meant she didn't have to be one anymore.
She didn't have to fight. And for the better part of a year, she has been trying to find the right reasons to keep doing it.
Was she after revenge or respect?
Was she simply trying to right a wrong after she'd lost to Holly Holm in November 2015?
Maybe it was about legacy and pride. The baddest woman on the planet couldn't just fold after one loss. She had to try to come back so she could leave with some dignity.
"I want to be able to walk away with my head held high," Rousey said before the fight. "It's like a painter looking at what he made and knowing it's not done yet. You could get away with it. You could sell that painting and it would sell. But you'll always know it was never as good as it could have been. I don't want 'good enough' to be my legacy."
Eventually she settled on a mix of pride and revenge. But even the fact that she needed to ask herself why she was fighting spoke volumes.
There's nothing wrong with taking advantage of opportunities. There's nothing wrong with wanting more.
That desire to keep pushing and stretching and growing is at the core of her being. It's part of what made her such a compelling figure to her fans in the first place.
Women often are terrible about wanting more, expecting more or demanding more. Rousey went after it and refused to apologize for her ambitions.
She was able to talk that talk because she'd previously always backed it up.
After the loss to Holm, though, it was as if she didn't know how to be if she couldn't be the invincible superwoman champion. How could she have swagger when she was still so embarrassed at how she'd performed? How could she talk about beating Nunes when she was still beating herself up for losing to Holm?
So she stayed mostly silent before the fight, explaining that there was nothing she could say that would help win the fight in front of her. She would do a few interviews with Ellen DeGeneres and Conan O'Brien and ESPN The Magazine, but she would not participate in the traditional fight-week promotional and media activities.
She was doing things on her terms, not anyone else's.
That did not sit well. A couple of weeks ago, as I finished a feature story on her comeback attempt, a male colleague said to me, "Boy, I hear she's just getting worse and worse. She's storming off the stage in New York. She's refusing to help promote the fight."
It was an arresting statement. "Worse and worse"?
In reality, she'd gotten better and better after the loss to Holm. Being out of the spotlight had helped her spirit and psyche.
"I'm just getting my life back," she said.
But to many men, she was just another woman they didn't want to be around after she'd fallen apart. There was too much emotion, too much intensity and unpredictability to deal with. So in the great tradition of women being given tranquilizers to help calm their nerves or women running into the bathroom at work to avoid crying, it was easier to call her broken and bitter than to try to understand her.
Rousey's problem is that it wasn't just men who had a hard time dealing with her in this state. It was just as uncomfortable for her.
She never truly accepted the loss to Holm. She just tried to compartmentalize it.
But whether it was stubborn competitiveness or residual embarrassment, when she fought Nunes it was as if she'd been frozen in amber from a year ago. She stood in front of Nunes with very little head movement or defense. She got tagged in the face repeatedly with powerful right hands. After 48 seconds of punishment, it was abruptly over.
Rousey stood and leaned against the cage with a sad, defeated look on her face. Nunes came over, grabbed her by the shoulders and paid her respects by saying, "You did so much for this sport."
The pro-Rousey crowd inside the T-Mobile Arena was stunned and saddened.
"I walked out of the arena and people were crying, men and women," White said. "She has been an amazing role model and amazing partner, an amazing friend.
"For the millions of people who admire her, she is somebody who is actually worth the admiration. Believe me, there are a lot of celebrities out there that are popular. I meet them all the time. They are not worth your admiration. They suck. But Ronda Rousey is all of that. She's incredible."
White spoke with resignation about Rousey's future in the sport. This likely is her final fight, though both White and her camp said she'd need some time to make a final decision.
"It's very rare that people go out on this glorious ride, on top," he said. "It almost never happens. Either people stick around too long and they get too old or things happened like what happened with Ronda."
What exactly happened to Ronda these past two fights?
Is she the proverbial goose who finally ran out of golden eggs? Or was this just the inevitable turnover of the fame cycle?
Did she lose confidence in herself once her invincibility was gone? Or did she train the wrong way?
Those are questions she must answer before she decides whether to fight again.
But if this was her last fight, if she has grown out of the fighter's life, White wanted her to know her legacy was secure.
"None of this happens without Ronda Rousey," White said. "She built this whole thing."
The small change with coach Mohammad Salahuddin has made a big difference in Mominul's approach against spinners, as he can now move forward and back more swiftly [Read More]
—–
Source: Bangladesh news from Cricinfo
TORONTO (AP) — The first victim publicly identified after a van plowed down a Toronto sidewalk and killed 10 people worked at an investment management firm and enjoyed sports and volunteering.
Anne Marie D'Amico, 30, worked at Invesco, which is near the scene of Monday's incident. Toronto City Councilor Cesar Palacio said D'Amico was a friend of his daughter, and he remembers her as "a brilliant young girl" who was interested in improving society.
On Tuesday he spoke with her parents, who live in his ward. "You can imagine the nightmare, the living nightmare they're going through at this moment," he said.
D'Amico volunteered at a Canada-based international humanitarian charity called Live Different. She helped build houses in the Dominican Republic in 2015 and 2017, according to Dave Hamilton, the charity's manager of school partnerships. He remembered her as "super-positive, always smiling, a funny person, always up for a challenge, and really wanted to help people out."
D'Amico also volunteered with the nonprofit Tennis Canada association, working at the Rogers Cup tournament since the age of 12. She started out as a ball girl and worked her way up to be an "integral" part of the volunteer team, most recently leading a committee on stadium control, the association said. She was voted volunteer of the year in 2016.
"Anne Marie lived for working at Rogers Cup and seeing her fellow volunteers each summer," said Gavin Ziv, the association's vice president of professional events. "The tournament was such a large part of her life, and we were so lucky to have her on our team each summer."
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ended a day in Bay Area at Stanford University.She addressed a crowd of about 500 people as part of a launch event for Stanford's new Global Digital Policy Incubator.On the topic of digital technology, Clinton focused her remarks on Russia's interference in the 2016 election.She called the hacking of a U.S. election by a foreign adversary "the darker side of technology."She told the audience, made up mostly of students, that Russian agents flooded social media with attack ads and stories intended to whip up support for Donald Trump and suppress support for her.It was an easy segue to her new book titled "What Happened" in which she details why she lost to President Trump.Earlier on Friday, she signed copies of her book at a bookstore in downtown San Francisco.
NEW YORK (AP) — A New York company that sells soup from the recipes of the chef who was the real-life model of the Soup Nazi on "Seinfeld" has filed for bankruptcy.
The filing from Soupman Inc. comes less than a month after its chief financial officer was arrested on charges of cheating the government out of employment-related taxes. The CFO has pleaded not guilty.
Soupman Inc. is based in Staten Island and sells soups made from the recipes of Al Yeganeh. He and his New York soup stand were the inspiration for the "Seinfeld" character, with the catchphrase "No soup for you!"
The company said Tuesday it needs to seek bankruptcy protection in part because of "recent company developments" but store shelves will continue to carry its products including lobster bisque and mulligatawny.
Coffee cups, bottles and other litter will be picked up by residents Saturday during the city's annual Pitch-In Day.
Volunteers are wanted to help the Clean City Advisory Committee beautify the city from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. at various designated sites or locations of their choice.
Gloves and garbage bags are provided.
Volunteers can meet at Malcolmson Eco-Park at 325 Lakeshore Rd., Pic Leeson Park at the main entrance off Bloomfield Street and Participark Trail at the trail parking lot on Old Glendale Road near Pelham Road and Glendale Avenue.
The QEW off-ramp at Lake Street is also a designated site but no children under 12 are allowed at that location. Participants will meet at the Best Western Plus parking lot at 2 North Street.
Other alternative sites are Benfield Drive behind the Walmart plaza, Vintage Park at 66 Vintage Crescent and the Old Welland Canal along Oakdale Avenue, where volunteers will meet in the parking lot at Eastchester and Oakdale Avenue.
Residents can also clean their own neighbourhood or favourite park. Call 905-688-5600 ext. 1630 to register and arrange for the trash bags to be picked up. Supplies are now available at Seymour-Hannah Sports and Entertainment Centre, City Hall and the St. Catharines Kiwanis Aquatics Centre.
Global Forecast as of 12:00 GMT Monday, December 11, 2017
_____
City/Town, Country;Monday's Weather Condition;Monday's High Temp (F);Monday's Low Temp (F);Tuesday's Weather Condition;Tuesday's High Temp (F);Tuesday's Low Temp (F);Tuesday's Wind Direction;Tuesday's Wind Speed (MPH);Tuesday's Humidity (%);Tuesday's Chance of Precip. (%);Tuesday's UV Index
Abidjan, Ivory Coast;Partly sunny;91;76;A shower or two;88;76;SSW;6;69%;74%;8
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates;Partly sunny;77;66;Partly sunny, breezy;77;62;NW;17;57%;0%;4
Aleppo, Syria;Sunny;56;37;Mostly sunny;61;39;NE;7;50%;0%;3
Algiers, Algeria;Plenty of clouds;68;49;Cloudy and cooler;56;47;SSW;6;71%;66%;1
Amsterdam, Netherlands;A little p.m. rain;36;31;Rain and snow shower;37;30;SSW;9;87%;63%;1
Anchorage, United States;Cloudy;43;32;An afternoon shower;40;31;NNE;8;74%;79%;0
Ashgabat, Turkmenistan;Plenty of sun;49;28;Sunny, but chilly;44;29;ESE;6;56%;8%;2
Astana, Kazakhstan;Cold with snow;10;6;Partly sunny, cold;13;-3;ENE;6;69%;21%;1
Asuncion, Paraguay;Lots of sun, warm;95;68;Sunny and very warm;96;70;E;7;36%;0%;13
Athens, Greece;Sunny;60;46;Mostly sunny;64;49;W;4;69%;13%;2
Auckland, New Zealand;Brief a.m. showers;74;64;A shower in places;74;63;SW;12;60%;49%;11
Baghdad, Iraq;Plenty of sunshine;66;43;Abundant sunshine;66;42;NW;13;41%;0%;3
Banda Aceh, Indonesia;Showers, mainly late;92;73;Partly sunny;88;72;E;5;69%;42%;8
Bangalore, India;Mostly sunny, nice;85;63;Becoming cloudy;84;65;ESE;4;61%;25%;6
Bangkok, Thailand;Partly sunny;93;78;A shower in places;91;79;S;6;65%;55%;5
Barcelona, Spain;Windy, morning rain;61;40;Partly sunny;53;38;NNW;10;65%;44%;2
Beijing, China;Sunshine, but chilly;36;19;Partly sunny, chilly;30;18;NNE;6;13%;4%;2
Belgrade, Serbia;Not as cool;55;46;Clouds and sun, mild;61;45;SSE;10;66%;28%;2
Berlin, Germany;Mostly cloudy;40;37;Rain and snow shower;43;31;WSW;15;70%;74%;0
Bogota, Colombia;A few showers;67;46;A stray shower;66;45;NW;6;73%;63%;5
Brasilia, Brazil;A t-storm, cooler;73;65;A t-storm in spots;77;65;N;6;74%;65%;4
Bratislava, Slovakia;Warmer;55;48;Showers around;52;36;WNW;10;76%;85%;0
Brussels, Belgium;Chilly with rain;39;32;Rain and snow shower;37;33;SSW;9;82%;55%;1
Bucharest, Romania;Sunny intervals;47;32;Mostly sunny, mild;52;38;WSW;7;72%;0%;2
Budapest, Hungary;Warmer;54;47;Showers around;59;37;NNW;10;60%;85%;2
Buenos Aires, Argentina;Sunny and cooler;73;63;High clouds, warmer;84;69;NE;10;48%;0%;5
Bujumbura, Burundi;A t-storm around;84;64;Partly sunny, warm;91;63;SSW;4;35%;42%;11
Busan, South Korea;Partly sunny, colder;39;23;Mostly sunny, cold;36;28;NW;10;46%;0%;3
Cairo, Egypt;High clouds, breezy;74;55;Sunshine and nice;77;58;N;7;45%;1%;3
Cape Town, South Africa;Increasing clouds;76;59;Mostly sunny;70;58;S;16;52%;11%;12
Caracas, Venezuela;Partly sunny;80;61;Nice with some sun;81;65;NE;3;59%;9%;7
Chennai, India;Partly sunny, nice;90;76;A shower in spots;89;74;SE;4;74%;52%;5
Chicago, United States;A bit of a.m. snow;41;20;Partly sunny;26;16;NW;17;54%;49%;2
Colombo, Sri Lanka;Partly sunny;89;76;A t-storm in spots;85;75;ENE;6;75%;86%;7
Copenhagen, Denmark;Inc. clouds;36;33;A snow shower;36;32;W;9;92%;87%;0
Dakar, Senegal;Turning cloudy;82;70;Partly sunny;79;69;N;13;54%;0%;6
Dallas, United States;Sunny and mild;76;40;Sunny and cooler;58;38;WSW;8;42%;2%;3
Dar es Salaam, Tanzania;Mostly cloudy;88;76;Some sun, a shower;87;77;NNE;12;79%;53%;9
Delhi, India;Clouds and sun;75;54;Hazy sun;73;50;NW;5;69%;1%;4
Denver, United States;Mostly sunny, mild;60;32;Sunny and mild;65;36;SW;6;18%;2%;2
Dhaka, Bangladesh;Warmer;86;69;Rather cloudy;85;65;NE;5;67%;3%;3
Dili, East Timor;A shower;94;74;An afternoon shower;91;74;SSW;4;65%;60%;11
Dublin, Ireland;Partly sunny, chilly;39;30;Rain and drizzle;42;37;W;11;91%;84%;1
Dushanbe, Tajikistan;Plenty of sun;47;30;Clouds and sun;44;29;NNE;6;40%;40%;2
Gibraltar, Gibraltar;Pouring morning rain;64;47;Mostly sunny;58;49;NNW;9;65%;2%;3
Hanoi, Vietnam;Cloudy;65;61;A shower or two;65;62;NNW;5;75%;88%;1
Harare, Zimbabwe;Rather cloudy;79;61;A little a.m. rain;78;63;NNE;7;59%;69%;9
Havana, Cuba;Mostly sunny;71;56;Mostly sunny;73;66;NW;7;53%;21%;3
Helsinki, Finland;Mostly cloudy;34;31;Breezy with snow;39;29;SW;16;94%;88%;0
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam;Mostly sunny;90;73;A morning shower;90;74;SSE;6;68%;61%;7
Hong Kong, China;Sunny and pleasant;73;60;Partly sunny;68;60;ENE;7;56%;16%;4
Honolulu, United States;A passing shower;82;71;A shower or two;81;67;N;8;62%;81%;2
Hyderabad, India;Sunny and nice;87;59;Sunny and nice;88;63;ESE;4;35%;1%;5
Islamabad, Pakistan;Cooler with rain;63;46;Periods of rain;62;43;NNW;4;77%;83%;1
Istanbul, Turkey;Plenty of sunshine;57;52;Clouds and sun;61;51;SSW;7;67%;21%;2
Jakarta, Indonesia;Afternoon showers;89;76;Cloudy, downpours;89;76;SW;8;82%;88%;3
Jeddah, Saudi Arabia;Mostly sunny, nice;86;72;Clouds and sun, nice;87;72;NNW;7;59%;0%;3
Johannesburg, South Africa;A t-storm in spots;73;57;Pleasant and warmer;83;59;NNW;10;49%;12%;14
Kabul, Afghanistan;Partly sunny;51;26;Mostly sunny;47;26;NNW;5;33%;37%;3
Karachi, Pakistan;Mostly sunny;78;53;Hazy sunshine;79;53;NW;6;17%;0%;4
Kathmandu, Nepal;Mostly sunny;73;43;Turning cloudy, nice;73;42;W;5;53%;2%;4
Khartoum, Sudan;Sunny and hot;96;68;Hot with sunshine;96;68;N;10;26%;0%;5
Kiev, Ukraine;Clouds and sun;39;37;Milder with some sun;49;39;SW;10;65%;20%;1
Kingston, Jamaica;Showers;83;77;Heavy showers;84;76;NNE;4;80%;96%;1
Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo;A thunderstorm;87;73;More clouds than sun;89;74;W;6;69%;72%;8
Kolkata, India;Mostly cloudy;86;66;Partly sunny;85;64;S;5;71%;1%;4
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia;A p.m. t-storm;86;76;A p.m. t-storm;89;77;WNW;4;79%;86%;4
La Paz, Bolivia;A t-storm in spots;61;37;A t-storm in spots;60;37;ENE;9;52%;55%;15
Lagos, Nigeria;Partly sunny;87;76;A shower in places;87;77;SSW;7;77%;63%;7
Lima, Peru;More clouds than sun;72;64;Mostly cloudy;73;65;SSE;9;70%;37%;11
Lisbon, Portugal;A passing shower;56;47;Mostly sunny;57;46;NNE;10;66%;4%;2
London, United Kingdom;Afternoon snow;38;26;Partly sunny, cold;36;33;SSW;7;81%;57%;1
Los Angeles, United States;Mostly sunny;83;54;Plenty of sunshine;83;55;NNE;5;13%;2%;3
Luanda, Angola;Clearing;87;75;Partly sunny, nice;86;75;SSW;6;71%;42%;8
Madrid, Spain;A shower;51;32;Mostly sunny;50;30;NE;4;61%;8%;2
Male, Maldives;Mostly sunny, nice;87;80;Partly sunny;88;77;SE;6;63%;14%;7
Manaus, Brazil;Clouds, a t-storm;88;74;A t-storm or two;85;73;WSW;6;87%;77%;2
Manila, Philippines;Clouds and sun;86;77;Partly sunny, nice;90;77;ENE;7;63%;44%;6
Melbourne, Australia;Partly sunny;75;53;Mostly sunny;80;58;E;7;57%;0%;11
Mexico City, Mexico;Mostly sunny;69;39;Mostly sunny;70;38;NNE;5;18%;0%;5
Miami, United States;Sunshine;69;49;Sunshine, pleasant;73;53;W;8;44%;8%;4
Minsk, Belarus;Cloudy;34;31;Partly sunny, milder;42;33;SW;9;84%;44%;1
Mogadishu, Somalia;Mostly sunny, nice;88;75;Mostly sunny;87;75;ENE;13;61%;4%;9
Montevideo, Uruguay;Cooler;68;56;High clouds, warmer;81;63;NNE;8;51%;0%;6
Montreal, Canada;Partly sunny, cold;16;12;Snow;26;17;NNW;6;91%;92%;0
Moscow, Russia;Cloudy;35;23;A little p.m. snow;34;32;S;7;61%;77%;1
Mumbai, India;Mostly sunny, nice;84;70;Hazy sunshine;82;69;N;7;60%;2%;5
Nairobi, Kenya;Some sun, pleasant;79;54;Partly sunny, nice;79;54;NNE;11;47%;2%;8
New York, United States;Clearing;42;34;A shower in the a.m.;50;24;W;19;61%;63%;1
Nicosia, Cyprus;Partly sunny;66;48;Sunny and beautiful;70;48;NW;7;61%;0%;3
Novosibirsk, Russia;Colder;22;7;A little snow;13;3;WNW;5;90%;66%;1
Osaka-shi, Japan;Partly sunny, cooler;49;33;Partly sunny, chilly;43;35;W;14;45%;3%;1
Oslo, Norway;Snow showers;30;17;A snow shower;23;14;W;5;68%;61%;0
Ottawa, Canada;Mostly cloudy, cold;18;13;Breezy with snow;23;11;NW;14;86%;95%;0
Pago Pago, American Samoa;Spotty showers;83;76;A t-storm around;83;77;WSW;5;80%;97%;11
Panama City, Panama;Showers and t-storms;83;72;Showers and t-storms;84;73;NW;10;82%;70%;6
Paramaribo, Suriname;A passing shower;87;74;A t-storm in spots;86;75;ENE;7;77%;64%;5
Paris, France;Rain and drizzle;50;33;Partly sunny;42;35;SSW;7;62%;32%;2
Perth, Australia;Sunshine, not as hot;98;67;Sunny and cooler;81;60;S;16;51%;1%;12
Phnom Penh, Cambodia;Becoming cloudy;92;73;Partly sunny;89;75;NW;4;62%;14%;6
Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea;Rain, a thunderstorm;84;73;Cloudy, a t-storm;85;73;NNE;6;80%;68%;3
Port-au-prince, Haiti;Periods of sun;88;70;A p.m. shower or two;86;72;WNW;4;59%;86%;4
Prague, Czech Republic;Milder;45;39;A passing shower;43;30;WSW;17;61%;66%;1
Pyongyang, North Korea;Much colder;18;6;Sunny, but very cold;19;3;NW;7;40%;0%;2
Quito, Ecuador;Morning showers;65;50;A few showers;64;51;SSW;7;70%;87%;4
Rabat, Morocco;Rain, some heavy;61;45;Occasional rain;59;38;ESE;7;59%;57%;2
Recife, Brazil;Partly sunny;88;78;A morning shower;87;77;E;8;65%;55%;11
Reykjavik, Iceland;Becoming cloudy;35;32;Snow and rain;38;30;SE;6;83%;82%;0
Riga, Latvia;A snow shower;34;33;A bit of snow;44;35;SSW;12;93%;85%;0
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil;Partly sunny;87;71;Rain and drizzle;76;69;E;8;72%;67%;3
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia;Nice with sunshine;70;43;Sunshine and nice;75;42;N;7;13%;0%;4
Rome, Italy;A shower or two;62;57;Spotty showers;63;50;SW;12;74%;87%;2
Saint Petersburg, Russia;Low clouds;34;22;A bit of p.m. snow;38;33;S;13;76%;81%;0
San Francisco, United States;Plenty of sunshine;65;49;Plenty of sunshine;64;46;NW;6;49%;2%;2
San Jose, Costa Rica;Showers and t-storms;68;63;A t-storm in spots;72;63;ENE;9;71%;45%;6
San Juan, Puerto Rico;Partly sunny;83;71;Partly sunny;85;72;SSE;6;67%;4%;5
San Salvador, El Salvador;Partly sunny, nice;72;59;Partly sunny;73;60;N;7;64%;14%;6
Sana'a, Yemen;Sunny and nice;79;33;Sunny and pleasant;75;34;ENE;6;5%;0%;6
Santiago, Chile;Not as warm;82;54;Nice with some sun;77;53;SW;8;56%;41%;12
Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic;Some sun, pleasant;85;69;An afternoon shower;82;70;SW;5;72%;45%;5
São Paulo, Brazil;Spotty showers;51;36;Mostly sunny;55;39;NE;5;70%;8%;2
Seattle, United States;Areas of morning fog;48;36;Mostly sunny;49;38;N;3;72%;9%;1
Seoul, South Korea;Sunny, much colder;24;11;Sunny, but very cold;25;13;NW;7;31%;0%;2
Shanghai, China;Sunny, but chilly;50;43;Partly sunny, chilly;50;43;ENE;10;48%;4%;2
Singapore, Singapore;Thunderstorms;89;78;Showers and t-storms;88;78;NNW;5;81%;92%;4
Sofia, Bulgaria;Not as cold;41;23;Not as cool;50;30;SSW;5;81%;0%;2
St. John's, Antigua and Barbuda;A shower or two;83;74;A shower in places;84;75;ESE;4;68%;42%;5
Stockholm, Sweden;A snow shower;34;32;Periods of wet snow;36;23;WNW;9;95%;74%;0
Sydney, Australia;Sunny;81;68;Mostly sunny;81;69;NNE;14;59%;6%;12
Taipei City, Taiwan;Windy this afternoon;66;61;Rain and drizzle;66;63;E;11;72%;85%;1
Tallinn, Estonia;Partly sunny;28;26;Milder with snow;40;32;WSW;12;82%;88%;0
Tashkent, Uzbekistan;Partly sunny;41;23;Sunny and cold;36;22;ESE;5;83%;15%;2
Tbilisi, Georgia;Partly sunny;51;31;Partly sunny;48;32;N;5;59%;3%;2
Tehran, Iran;Plenty of sunshine;54;33;Mostly sunny;51;33;SSW;7;31%;1%;3
Tel Aviv, Israel;Partly sunny, nice;79;58;Mostly cloudy, warm;79;57;S;4;33%;0%;2
Tirana, Albania;Mostly cloudy;61;52;A shower in places;65;50;ESE;5;65%;59%;1
Tokyo, Japan;Mostly sunny;61;36;Cooler;51;33;NNW;8;46%;4%;3
Toronto, Canada;A little p.m. snow;29;25;Cloudy, some snow;31;16;NW;17;73%;86%;0
Tripoli, Libya;Sunny;69;50;Sunny and nice;71;52;SSE;3;44%;0%;3
Tunis, Tunisia;Mostly sunny, nice;71;50;Clouds and sun, nice;69;49;SSW;9;45%;3%;3
Ulan Bator, Mongolia;Turning cloudy, cold;1;-11;Partly sunny, cold;3;-12;ESE;5;66%;44%;2
Vancouver, Canada;Brilliant sunshine;50;40;Cloudy;49;39;NNE;3;61%;5%;1
Vienna, Austria;Increasingly windy;56;45;Spotty showers;49;34;WNW;13;63%;84%;0
Vientiane, Laos;Mostly cloudy;81;71;Decreasing clouds;81;69;ENE;5;62%;63%;1
Vilnius, Lithuania;Mostly cloudy;35;33;Milder;48;34;SW;14;72%;27%;1
Warsaw, Poland;Clouds and sun;44;41;Variable cloudiness;53;32;WSW;12;75%;41%;1
Wellington, New Zealand;Breezy with sunshine;70;62;Partly sunny;73;59;NNW;13;59%;29%;6
Yangon, Myanmar;Mostly sunny, nice;90;73;Sunny and humid;91;72;W;6;68%;16%;5
Yerevan, Armenia;Mostly sunny;39;20;Plenty of sunshine;42;21;ENE;3;48%;1%;2
_____
Copyright 2017 AccuWeather
_____
Keywords: Forecast, Global, Fahrenheit
101 Lombard St.
111 Chestnut St., #7th Floor
220 Lombard St., #Apt 422
According to rental site Zumper , median rents for a 1-bedroom in the Embarcadero are hovering around $3,295 (compared to a $3,300 average for San Francisco).But what does the low-end pricing on a waterfront rental look these days--and what might you get for the price?We looked at listings for studios and 1-bedroom apartments to see what price-conscious apartment seekers can expect to find, but these prices and availability are subject to change.Listed at $2,700/month, this 789-square-foot, 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom condo is 18.1 percent less than the $3,295/month median rent for a 1-bedroom in the Embarcadero.The building offers garage parking, a swimming pool, a roof deck, storage space and a doorman. In the unit, expect both air conditioning and central heating, hardwood flooring, a balcony, a walk-in closet, in-unit laundry and a dishwasher. Sadly for pet guardians, animals are not permitted.(See the complete listing here .)This 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment at 111 Chestnut St., is listed for $3,200/month.In the unit, the listing promises a mix of hardwood floors and carpeting, a dishwasher and in-unit laundry. Amenities offered in the building include assigned parking, a fitness center, secured entry, an elevator, a doorman and a residents lounge, but neither cats nor dogs are welcome.(See the complete listing here .)Here's a studio apartment at 220 Lombard St., that's also going for $3,200 / month.The building offers assigned parking, a business center, a fitness center and storage space. Apartment amenities in the furnished unit include hardwood floors, high ceilings, stainless steel appliances and ample natural light. Small pets are permitted.(See the full listing here .)---
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--ExxonMobil has introduced Achieve™ advanced PP, featuring new products that offer a significant step beyond traditional PP performance. Built on technology innovations, these products allow customers to challenge reality. Now customers can rethink what is possible in a range of applications, including: automotive parts, rigid packaging, nonwovens, and appliances. The performance of Achieve advanced PP combined with value chain collaboration enables customers to unlock new business opportunities.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005232/en/
Amazingly eye-catching appliances using Achieve(TM) advanced PP - with superior gloss and stiffness compared to standard ICP, Achieve advanced PP allows brand owners to economically produce appearance parts for appliances. (Photo: Business Wire)
Achieve advanced PP eliminates trade-offs associated with conventional polymers. For example, improving the stiffness and toughness balance in automotive applications is possible; in rigid packaging, stiffness and processing efficiency can now be increased together; and, in appliance parts, high gloss can be attained economically.
“Achieve advanced PP specifically addresses our customers' desire for innovation and growth. Through collaboration and our combined expertise, these advanced PP solutions can unlock new business opportunities,” said Cindy Shulman, ExxonMobil Vice President of Plastics and Resins. “Our Achieve advanced PP launch further demonstrates our commitment to the industry, complementing our recently announced plans for a PP investment on the U.S. Gulf Coast.”
Delivering extraordinarily tough automotive parts, this advanced PP is inspiring compounders and automakers to challenge reality. With 35 percent higher impact versus standard impact copolymers, Achieve advanced PP enables tougher, lighter vehicle components that are durable and safe. Plastomer loading can be reduced by up to 50 percent for cost saving opportunities.
Enabling remarkably rigid containers, cups and tubs for the retail and food service industry, Achieve advanced PP is encouraging manufacturers to challenge reality. Exploiting high melt strength, designers can deliver stiffer packaging and gain economic benefit from excellent processing. Opportunities exist to downgauge wall thickness by up to 15 percent and increase line speeds by 7 percent for higher output. Packaging made with Achieve advanced PP is microwaveable, reusable and is widely recyclable.
Achieve advanced PP sets the benchmark for tremendously comfortablenonwovens. It allows brand owners to challenge reality by providing outstanding barrier properties and up to 15 percent higher fabric strength that can be tailored to meet the needs of diapers, wipes, adult incontinence, and feminine care products.
Delivering amazingly eye-catching appliances, this widely recyclable advanced PP is ideal for upgrading standard impact copolymer solutions or replacing over-engineered ABS (acrylonitrile butadiene styrene). Achieve advanced PP helps brand owners challenge reality because parts with 20 percent higher gloss than standard PP can now be economically produced.
“Achieve advanced PP is motivating brand owners and manufacturers to rethink what is possible with PP,” said Shulman. “Using this advanced PP eliminates trade-offs in performance, processing and end-of-life handling.”
Customers can use Achieve advanced PP to challenge reality and unlock new opportunities, while being supported by the ExxonMobil brand values of global reliability, product consistency and technical support that are critical for business growth.
About ExxonMobil Chemical
ExxonMobil Chemical is one of the largest chemical companies in the world. The company holds leadership positions in some of the largest-volume and highest-growth commodity chemical products. ExxonMobil Chemical has manufacturing capacity in every major region of the world, serving large and growing markets. More than 90 percent of the company's chemical capacity is integrated with ExxonMobil refineries or natural gas processing plants. To learn more, visit www.exxonmobilchemical.com.
Note to Editors:
The terms, “we,” “our,” "ExxonMobil Chemical," or "ExxonMobil" are used for convenience, and may include any one or more of ExxonMobil Chemical Company, Exxon Mobil Corporation, or any affiliates they directly or indirectly steward. The ExxonMobil Logo, the Interlocking X Device, ExxonMobil, and Achieve are trademarks of ExxonMobil.
The specific data provided herein are based on the laboratory test results, and will vary depending on the different operating conditions.
Download images from ExxonMobil Chemical Newsroom at
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005232/en/
CONTACT: ExxonMobil Chemical
US Media Line: +1 832 625 4000
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA TEXAS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING AUTOMOTIVE MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS ENGINEERING PACKAGING OTHER MANUFACTURING AUTOMOTIVE GENERAL AUTOMOTIVE
SOURCE: ExxonMobil Chemical
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 05:30 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 05:30 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005232/en
A pedestrian hit and killed by an Amtrak train Thursday morning in North Richmond was identified by the Contra Costa County coroner's office today as 63-year-old San Pablo man Jesus Arroyo.The collision was reported at 10:19 a.m. and involved San Joaquins train No. 712, which was headed from Oakland to Bakersfield, Amtrak spokeswoman Vernae Graham said.Arroyo was hit on the tracks between Market Avenue and Brookside Drive in an area that wasn't a pedestrian crossing, Graham said.The 55 passengers and crewmembers on the train were not injured, she said.
EMBED >More News Videos Teen and man who often got her out of school located in Mexico, authorities said.
EMBED >More News Videos Mexican authorities have issued an Amber Alert for a missing Allentown teen and a 45-year-old man who signed her out of school, saying the pair is believed to be traveling through the country.
While missing Pennsylvania teenager Amy Yu was found safe over the weekend in Mexico with 45-year-old Kevin Esterly, whom she was allegedly having a romantic relationship with, the case stretches back farther than the 13 days she was missing.From interviews with family, friends, police, attorneys in the case, as well as court affidavits, here's what we know:--Yu and her mother, Miu Luu, meet Esterly, a construction contractor, at a church in Lowhill Township, Pennsylvania. Amy is about 7 or 8 years old.--Yu signs documents at Lehigh Valley Academy Charter School in Hanover Township, Pennsylvania, describing Esterly as her stepfather, which allows him to check her out of school.--Yu's mother goes to pick up her daughter at Lehigh Valley Academy Charter and learns that Esterly had already picked her up and that Yu had listed him on school documents as her stepfather. The mother also discovers that Esterly had signed out her daughter from school at least 10 times. Luu confronts Esterly that same day over why he had been secretly picking up her daughter at school.--Allentown police investigators visit Esterly and his wife, Stacey, at their Allentown home and advises them both to stay away from Yu and that the girl's mother didn't want them to have any further contact with her.--Luu drops Yu off at her bus stop, but the teenager doesn't take it to school. On the same day, Esterly withdrew $4,000 from his wife's bank account. Luu reports her daughter missing to the Allentown Police Department.--Allentown police issue a missing person alert for Yu and obtain a warrant for Esterly's arrest.--Police discover that Yu and Esterly boarded a one-way flight from Philadelphia to Cancun, Mexico, which briefly stopped in Dallas.--Luu speaks to ABC News, saying, she was "waiting and waiting and praying, and I don't know if they can catch him [Esterly] or not." She also says Esterly's daughter "is a friend and just one year younger than Amy. I never thought he would act like that."--: Authorities in Mexico issue an Amber Alert for Yu.--Esterly's wife, Stacey, issues a statement through her attorney, saying she and her husband fought over his relationship with Yu and she pleaded with the teenager to come home.--Authorities in Mexico find Yu and Esterly at a Puerto Moreles resort near Cancun and arrest Esterly on suspicion of child custody interference. Both Esterly and Yu are flown back to Miami , where he was awaiting extradition to Pennsylvania.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The Latest on civil trial involving Las Vegas Strip headliner David Copperfield and a British tourist who claims he was seriously hurt in a fall while taking part in a signature Copperfield illusion in 2013 (all times local):
12:30 p.m.
A judge in Las Vegas has rejected a call by David Copperfield's attorney for a mistrial based on the amount of media coverage that a civil negligence lawsuit involving the world-famous illusionist is getting.
Attorney Elaine Fresch complained Tuesday about interviews involving plaintiff Gavin Cox's attorney, Benedict Morelli.
Fresch noted that one interview aired on CBS-TV just hours before proceedings resumed.
Under questioning by Nevada state court Judge Mark Denton, three jurors said they turned off broadcasts when they saw references to the case on the news during a five-day break in the civil trial.
The judge allowed the trial to resume.
Copperfield is on the stand answering questions from Morelli about whether Copperfield knew of anyone besides Cox who was injured taking part in the magician's audience-volunteer illusion over nearly 20 years he has performed it.
____
9 a.m.
Las Vegas Strip headliner David Copperfield is due to return to the witness stand in a lawsuit by a British tourist who claims he was seriously hurt in a fall while taking part in one of Copperfield's signature illusions in 2013.
The magician resumes testimony Tuesday after last week revealing secrets behind a trick that appears to make volunteer audience members vanish onstage and appear a few moments later in the back of the theater.
Plaintiff Gavin Cox of Kent, England, alleges he fell after being hurried by stagehands through an MGM Grand hotel alleyway coated with a powdery residue near a trailer-sized trash bin.
Copperfield's lawyers lost pretrial bids to close proceedings to the public to avoid revealing performance secrets
Cox and his wife are seeking unspecified damages.
Netflix
Last Updated: April 24th
In case you were somehow unaware:
The world isn't just made up of good guys and bad guys.
People in jail didn't necessarily commit the crimes for which they were convicted…
but some of them did.
Criminal activity isn't innate and doesn't happen in a vacuum.
The economy intersects with the justice system.
These statements are all valid, though the world would be so much simpler if they weren't. Plus, this list of documentaries would be a whole lot less complicated and moving.
As it stands, the list below is made up of some of the best crime documentaries on Netflix, and every one of them is a quality film with complex subject matter and compelling human interest. There are no easy answers offered, but there's still plenty to keep you watching.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Out of Thin Air
You probably don't know Iceland has a most notorious murder case, but it does. In 1974, two unrelated men disappeared and were never found. At the time, Iceland was a pastoral idyll, and thus, the nation was rocked by the crimes and the subsequent trials. And, though six people ended up going to prison, they allege their confessions were the result of lengthy, intensive interrogations.
This is a dark, moody doc with a lot of information, but no clean resolution.
The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson
In 1992, Marsha P. Johnson was found floating in the Hudson River. The police declared it a suicide, but friends of the trans activist rejected that entirely. This film is set up as a mystery, using activist Victoria Cruz as a detective and a stand-in for the audience. While trying to find out whodunit, the film does a great job of celebrating Johnsons' impact on the LGBT community and her lasting political legend.
HANOI, Vietnam (AP) — A court in Hanoi has handed down prison terms up to eight years to three activists after finding them guilty of posting video clips on social media critical of the communist government.
A lawyer says Vu Quang Thuan was convicted on charges of spreading propaganda against the state and sentenced to eight years in a trial that lasted half a day Wednesday.
Thuan's accomplices Nguyen Van Dien and Tran Hoang Phuc received 6 1/2 years and 6 years respectively on the same charges.
They were accused of posting 17 video clips prosecutors said vilified the country's leaders and the state. They have denied they committed a crime.
Human Rights Watch says at least 24 people were convicted for their writings and advocacy on democracy and human rights last year.
Shutterstock
On New Years Eve, the world cringed together as Mariah Carey imploded in front of countless people on live TV. Earlier in the day, millions of people tuned in to see a much better end to 2016. One that included, a cute, cuddly, furry baby bird. If an eagle breaking free from its shell and bursting into the world on live TV isn't a sign that 2017 will be better than 2016, I don't know what is.
Just in time to bring hope for 2017, a baby eagle hatched in the early hours of New Years Eve. The eagle was born at 7:33 a.m. in Fort Myers, Florida as millions of viewers eagerly anticipated its arrival online. Two eagles hatched that morning, but the first was E9 (Eaglet 9). Born to eagle parents Harriet and M15 (Mate 15), the wait for E9 captivated viewers all over the world since late last week when viewers began to notice cracks appearing on the shell.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Just over 24 hours young. We continue to watch & wait for hatch #2! #eaglecam pic.twitter.com/cdb9Q12mfk — SWFL Eagle Cam (@SWFLEagleCAM) January 1, 2017
The video feed, called “Eagle Cam” has been online since 2012. Millions of people visited the site to watch Harriet and then mate Ozzie hatch and then raise two baby eagles. This year alone, the site has had over 60 million views.
How else are you going to see the majesty of every day eagle life in the privacy of your own home? It's also a pretty good idea to watch a video feed instead of trying to take a gander at a nest in person. If you think your mother-in-law has a bad temper, just wait until an eagle mother catches you poking around her nest.
If you didn't guess it already, the eagles shown on the feed are wild. The camera is set up in such a way that it doesn't disturb them. “Eagles are wild birds and anything can happen in the wild,” the site says. “The Southwest Florida Eagle Camera (SWFEC) does not interfere or intervene and allows nature to take its course. You will see life and you might see death, but this is nature at her finest.”
As expected, Twitter was abuzz awaiting and welcoming the baby eaglet:
And I thought Hatchimals took a long time to hatch! #eaglecam #merica — Carl F. (@oushadow) December 27, 2016
Even if 2017 isn't a dramatically different year from 2016, at least we can always tune in to “Eagle Cam” and feel just a little better even if only for a few moments. Either that or we can just watch YouTube videos of people eating giant burritos. That works too.
For the first time ever, we're hearing from convicted child molester Ralph Melvin Flynn.Not long ago the former millionaire marketing executive was living in a Los Gatos mansion with his wife Carolyn, a tech company exec.The couple had a Rolls-Royce in their garage and what appeared to be a charmed life.But just two weeks ago the couple pled "no contest" to child sex abuse allegations-charges they molested their adopted son. Still, in response to a lawsuit filed by the victim, Ralph Flynn denies abusing the boy.Neither Ralph nor Carolyn Flynn has ever spoken publically about the charges. Now, the ABC7 I-Team has obtained a videotaped deposition you will only see here.I-Team Reporter Dan Noyes broke the story last year revealing details of a damaging confession Ralph Flynn made to Santa Clara County Sheriff deputies.Flynn and his wife Carolyn have since pled no contest and agreed to spend many years in prison. When their guilty pleas are accepted and they are sentenced later this year, they will forfeit any rights to appeal.Flynn denied any wrongdoing for more than 5 hours in the deposition taken for the personal injury lawsuit filed by Denis Flynn, his adopted son.Denis Flynn's Attorney Nina Shapirshteyn asked Ralph Flynn, "Are you a pedophile?"Flynn responded, "Absolutely not.""I think he's a textbook pedophile. He's very manipulative," Shapirshteyn told Dan Noyes.She says Ralph Flynn did not answer questions the way a typical parent would.In an incredible coincidence, before the Flynns because of Denis Flynn's parents. They were interviewed by ABC7 17 years ago at an adoption event for couples and Russian children."We became very interested in the possibility of adoption," Ralph Flynn told us with his wife Carolyn sitting next to him."There is just no comparison to what their life is like there compared to the children of Silicon Valley," Ralph Flynn bragged to the camera.A short time later, the Flynns adopted an orphaned Denis Flynn-he was 9 years old.Denis Flynn sat down with ABC7 Investigative Reporter Dan Noyes to talk about how he survived years of abuse and why he is suing his adoptive parents.He said the ten years he spent with the Flynns in their Los Gatos home were terrifying.And he says he can't understand why Ralph Flynn would accept that long prison sentence but continue to claim he did nothing wrong.Ralph Flynn pled "no contest" to three counts of "lewd act(s) on a child."Carolyn Flynn pled "no contest" to two counts of "rape" accepting 12-years in prison.Recalling the abuse at the hands of his adoptive parents, Denis Flynn said, "It got to a point where any time I would see him, my whole body would freeze up and it was always the uncertainty of what's coming next."He says fighting the Flynns in civil court is very tough on him-especially when he heard what Ralph Flynn said during a videotaped deposition taken in jail for the civil case.Flynn said, "I deny doing all of that, any of that."Denis Flynn's lawyer asked him, "So Denis is lying?"And Flynn responded, "I don't know if he is lying, but I know that he is not telling the truth."Shapirshteyn asked Ralph Flynn, "Have you showed pornography to Denis?"He answered, "Not that I recall."She presses him asking, "You might have shown it. You just don't recall?"And Flynn said, "I do not recall showing anything. I don't believe I did."Shapirshteyn told Dan Noyes she believes Flynn did not answer questions the way a typical parent would."First of all, that is not something you would forget that you had done as a parent and second of all, you'd be outraged by a question like that."Shapirshteyn says Ralph Flynn professed his innocence for more than 5 hours in the videotaped deposition for the personal injury lawsuit filed by Denis."I think he's a textbook pedophile," she said, he's very manipulative."She says Flynn deflected blame even when confronted with evidence from the criminal case.Shapirsteyn: "You told that woman investigator that you touched Denis sexually, correct?"Flynn: "I don't remember saying that to her."Shapirsteyn: "If Denis says that you watched on multiple times while he had sex with Carolyn--"Flynn: "I don't remember. That doesn't make any sense to me. I don't remember that."Denis Flynn has watched the deposition video.He told Dan Noyes, "Just seeing and hearing his deposition it just rattles-- boils my blood."Denis says now, more than ever, he looks forward to taking the stand and confronting the Flynns in court. After that-he says he'll be able to move on."Now actually, I am looking forward to where can I go from here, how can I apply myself to life and constantly live," said Denis Flynn.His lawsuit isn't the only one facing Ralph Flynn.He is also being sued by a second adopted son who says Flynn and his first wife sexually abused him.In both lawsuits, Flynn and his two wives have filed court papers denying any abuse.On the criminal side-Ralph and Carolyn Flynn will be in court again to be sentenced in November.
We have a deal for you on CoBattery, an iPhone charging case that comes with two swappable batteries. It's designed to let you never have to plug your iPhone in again. Instead, your iPhone charges from the battery case while the second battery recharges. It's $59 through us, with models for iPhone 6/6s/7 and iPhone 6/6s/7 Plus.
Check It Out: CoBattery iPhone Charging Case Comes with 2 Swappable Batteries: $59
There's been a great deal of talk in the legislature about protecting South Dakotans from out-of-state ideas these past two years around the t…
New York (AP) — Petroleum futures trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange Wednesday:
(1,000 bbl; dollars per bbl.)
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Sharks get a bad rap in media. Whether they're in news reports for attacking people or in scary movies about, well, attacking people, sharks inspire fear for many. Which is a shame, because as marine biologist Ocean Ramsey points out, sharks are beautiful creatures, and more importantly, a vital part of our ocean's ecosystem.
Since she was a little girl, Ramsey has loved sharks. She saw her first shark at age 7 or 8, and her encounter with the majestic animal left her completely enamored. So it's unthinkable to her that there are people out there that could hate or kill them. But people are killing them, and in huge numbers.
“Currently, sharks are being killed at a rate that averages out to two to three sharks every second,” Ramsey says. “That's 70 to a 100 million sharks being killed every year.”
That's a horrible amount of shark dying, and the worst part is, they're mostly being killed just for their fins. Ramsey says that the fins are a status symbol and delicacy used in shark fin soup in Asia. The food, which utilizes less than 5% of the shark, is contributing to so many sharks being killed that they may go extinct in our lifetime. This would be devastating.
“Without sharks, it's like being without an immune system,” she says. “Fisheries collapse, diseases spread, and you have major degradation of reefs and local ecosystems.”
To combat this devastation, Ramsey is working to change the way we think about sharks. Through her work, she hopes to educate the public about how important and special the creatures are, replacing fear with fascination. Or at the very least, she says, a healthy respect for their place on our Earth. She'd like shark ecotourism to take off, saying it's much more sustainable than killing them for their fins. And hopes that the public will become more involved with campaigns and conservation efforts to save them. If people only took the time to see sharks, she knows they'd love them as much as she does.
“I definitely encourage people to go out there, dive in, and see a shark for yourself,” Ramsey says. “It's so amazing the first time a shark swims by, and locks eyes with you. You really realize how intelligent they are.”
It's an uphill battle to change public perception about the oft-misunderstood creature. But one that desperately needs to be fought. Because like many wild animals, we're much more dangerous to them than they are to us.
The Knesset approved on Monday night the first reading of the Supermarket Law.
59 MKs supported the bill, 54 opposed it and one abstained.
Full Story
UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. (AP) -- Penn State hasn't won this many games this early in nine seasons. The Nittany Lions could probably make the case they should have even more 'W's by now.
Mike Watkins scored 19 points and grabbed 10 rebounds for his 11th double-double of the season and Penn State beat Iowa 82-58 on Saturday.
The rout was satisfying for the Nittany Lions (16-9, 6-6 Big Ten Conference), who've played well in most of their games. But they've watched other second-half leads evaporate and turn into losses.
Road games at Northwestern and Maryland come to mind. The most recent example? Penn State led No. 5 Michigan State by 12 with 15:23 left but lost 76-68 on Wednesday.
''I was concerned about our mindset coming into the game,'' Penn State coach Patrick Chambers said. ''Man, did they really step up after that Michigan State game and came back to work. That's growth. That's a little bit of maturity.''
Lamar Stevens added 17 points and Tony Carr had 16 for the Nittany Lions, who've won three of their last four.
Penn State seized control early when a dunk from Watkins with 12:39 left in the first half turned a 14-all tie into a 33-14 run. Carr fueled it with 12 points while Watkins had eight during the stretch to give Penn State a 47-28 halftime lead.
Meanwhile, the Hawkeyes - who made 12 3-pointers in their last game against Minnesota - struggled to shoot the ball with sharpshooter Jordan Bohannon sick.
Bohannon started the game but played only half of it and the Hawkeyes made just 38 percent of their shots on 21-for-55 shooting. Penn State's quick guards were able to hold the rest of Iowa's shooters to just 1-for-10 on 3-pointers.
''This team puts a lot of pressure on you at the point of attack,'' Iowa coach Fran McCaffery said. ''All the more reason we've got to get it moving.''
Transcript for What is Slender Man, the figure that motivated two girls to stab their friend: Part 4
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Recent reports suggest that Apple may be working on a hybrid Mac, one that has a touchscreen and also runs iOS apps. An ARM-based Mac. Just how, exactly, would this work?
[Report Claims Apple Actively Ditching Intel for its Own ARM Processors in the Mac ]
My theory on this is that we're looking at a special purpose, light-duty MacBook for travel and possibly education. What isn't likely, in the near term, is a wholesale migration of the Mac lineup from Intel to ARM.
[What to Know About the New Intel CPUs: Coffee Lake & Cannon Lake ]
The macOS – ARM Issue
Apple would have two choices with a touchscreen MacBook that's designed to run both macOS apps and iOS apps. Apple could:
Include both a low-power Intel chip (as is done now) and also an ARM CPU. Include only an ARM CPU and run macOS and macOS apps in Rosetta-like emulation mode.
In the first case, the Mac could still run macOS apps natively and even make use of virtual machine apps to run Windows and Linux. But the complexity and cost of the hardware integration, with two different CPUs, seems to make this an unsavory and challenging option engineering-wise.
In the second case, macOS would be recompiled for ARM and run natively. Mac apps would, for starters, run in emulation mode, as Apple did once before with Rosetta, but Xcode would afford the opportunity for developers to rebuild native Mac apps. Or build, OMG, the “fat binaries” of old. (A binary that contains the executable code for both CPUs.)
iOS apps would run in a subsystem, natively on ARM, with touchscreen support. This is how I think Apple would do it. If it seems like a stretch, just remember that, undoubtably, Apple has been running macOS on ARM for years now, just as it (secretly) ran Mac OS X on Intel for years before the demise of PowerPC Macs.
But Why?
I can think of several reasons for a Mac like this.
iPad sales, while nice, are not growing well. Many customers realize that all they need is a great, large-display iPhone and a MacBook/Air/Pro. An iPad is a luxury. And it, for security reasons, may never have the educational potential of macOS and a real, built-in keyboard. It would give Apple some initial, test experience in the market with an ARM-based Mac without the risk of a mass migration of the Mac lineup from Intel to ARM. It could be positioned as a special purpose Mac, and if it fails, not much is at risk from a public relation standpoint. The rest of the powerful MacBook Pros, iMacs, iMac Pros, and Mac Pros would remain on Intel. Such a Mac would also give Apple some real-world feedback with a touchscreen Mac. It will either sell like gangbusters or be received with a yawn. Apple would have some quantitative data that would be helpful with future deigns of all its MacBook Pros. Toaster-fridges not withstanding. Time and technology have changed. Finally, Apple has probably been pondering how to combat Chromebooks that can run both Chrome OS and Android apps. I recently had a guest on Background Mode who affirmed that Chromebooks running Android apps is an important part of Google's headache inducing competition with Apple in education.
Of course, all this is likely related on the rumored ‘Marzipan” technology that we now think Apple will roll out in 2019. Related:
[Apple Has Plans for Unified Mac, iPhone, and iPad Apps ]
[No Cross-platform App Development Platform from Apple Until 2019 ]
The Future Macs
The overall theme here is a gradual introduction of technologies—a phased approach. Traditional Macs with Intel CPUs will be around for a long time. But the experimentation, if you will, with ARM-based Macs provides Apple with an engineering foundation and flexibility for future directions. My guess is that Apple has some amazing ARM (parallel processing) architectures on the current roadmap for the 2020s, and now is the time to start putting hardware and software pieces in place.
As with all Apple initiatives, it'll be careful and slow, with Apple's traditional, solid technology underpinnings. Current investments will be preserved until customers eventually, slowly adopt the new systems – if this initial concept is successful. It'll be painless, but it'll also be exciting to see the process evolve.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Alex Azar (AY'-zahr) has been sworn in as President Donald Trump's second health secretary.
The former drug company executive and official in George W. Bush's administration succeeds former Republican Georgia congressman Tom Price, who resigned last fall following an outcry over his use of costly private charter aircraft for official travel.
Azar's nomination as secretary of Health and Human Services was approved by the Senate last week, largely along party lines.
Azar has said his priorities include curbing the cost of prescription drugs, making health insurance more affordable and available, and confronting the opioid addiction epidemic.
Trump says, "He's going to get those prescription drug prices way down."
Azar spent a decade at Indianapolis-based drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The Latest on a shooting at Tennessee restaurant that left four dead (all times local):
10:50 a.m.
A Nashville judge has revoked the bond of a man accused of killing four people at a Waffle House restaurant.
Court records show that a judge struck the $2 million bond for Travis Reinking until a hearing can be held Wednesday. The records did not give a reason why General Sessions Judge Michael Mondelli revoked the bond.
Reinking has been charged with four counts of criminal homicide. Police say the 29-year-old man opened fire outside the restaurant with an AR-15 rifle and then stormed the restaurant, wearing only a green jacket. Four other people were injured in the shooting.
An attorney listed as Reinking's lawyer did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment.
__
Without knowing who he was or what he might do, police briefly had Travis Reinking in their sights days before the deadly assault on a Waffle House restaurant.
Alerted to the theft of a BMW from a car dealer last week, officers decided against a risky police chase, knowing the car had a GPS device and could soon be located.
Sure enough, the car was recovered the same day, outside Reinking's apartment. But police didn't figure out who stole it until Sunday, after the Waffle House attack. By then, police say, the 29-year-old with a troubled past used an assault weapon — the same AR-15 once taken from him at the FBI's request — to kill four people and wound four others.
Reinking escaped on foot from the restaurant after a quick-thinking customer wrestled the gun from his grasp, and he shed the only item of clothing he was wearing, a green jacket. By the time he was captured in the woods nearby, police had searched his apartment, and found the key fob to the stolen BMW.
Nashville Police Department Lt. Carlos Lara told reporters that a detective was tipped to the suspect's presence by some construction workers, and confronted Reinking, who lay down on the ground to be handcuffed. He carried a black backpack, with a silver semi-automatic weapon and .45-caliber ammunition.
Reinking then asked for a lawyer and was taken to a hospital before being booked. He was formally charged late Monday with four counts of criminal homicide and held on a $2 million bond, court records show.
The arrest ended a 24-hour manhunt involving more than 160 law enforcement officers, but it left troubling unanswered questions about official responses to months of bizarre behavior before the restaurant attack, including encounters with police in Illinois and Colorado and an arrest at the White House that raised red flags.
In May 2016, Reinking told deputies from Tazewell County, Illinois, that music superstar Taylor Swift was stalking him and hacking his phone. Reinking agreed to go to a local hospital for an evaluation after repeatedly resisting the request, the sheriff's report said.
He would make a similar claim about Swift in Salida, Colorado, nearly a year later, in March 2017, authorities there said.
Another Illinois sheriff's report said Reinking barged into a community pool in Tremont last June and jumped into the water wearing a pink woman's coat over his underwear. Investigators believed he had an AR-15 rifle in his car trunk, but it was never displayed. No charges were filed.
Last July, Reinking was arrested by the U.S. Secret Service after he entered a restricted area near the White House and refused to leave, saying he wanted to meet President Donald Trump. Reinking was not armed, but at the FBI's request, Illinois police revoked his state firearms card. Four guns, including the AR-15 used in the shootings, were transferred to his father, a procedure allowed under Illinois law.
Signs of paranoid delusions continued: In August, Reinking told police he wanted to file a report about 20 to 30 people tapping into his computer and phone and people "barking like dogs" outside his residence, according to a report.
"There's certainly evidence that there's some sort of mental health issues involved," Tazewell County Sheriff Robert Huston said.
Huston said Jeffrey Reinking pledged he would "keep the weapons secure and out of the possession of Travis." And Don Aaron, a Nashville Police spokesman, said Reinking's father "has now acknowledged giving them back" to his son.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives special Agent Marcus Watson said Monday that his father's action is "potentially a violation of federal law."
Phone calls to a number listed for the father went unanswered.
It is not clear why Reinking moved recently from Morton, Illinois, and if it had anything to do with being near Swift. She has a home in Nashville, though it is not her only residence. Police say he worked in construction for a while.
Police said about 20 customers were in the restaurant when Reinking opened fire. The first victims were Taurean Sanderlin, 29, of Goodlettsville, and Joe Perez, 20, of Nashville, shot down in the parking lot.
Sanderlin was an employee at the restaurant. Perez's mother, Trisha Perez, told the Tennessean newspaper after traveling from Texas to collect his body that she pinged her son's cellphone and was horrified to see the locator saying it was at the Waffle House.
DeEbony Groves, 21, a student at Nashville's Belmont University; and Akilah Dasilva, 23, a rap artist and music video producer, were killed inside the restaurant before customer James Shaw Jr. grabbed the hot muzzle of the assault weapon and wrestled it away.
Shaw, 29, a Nashville native who works as a wireless technician for AT&T, has been hailed as a hero.
___
Associated Press writers John Raby in Charleston, West Virginia; Ed White in Detroit; and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
NEW YORK (AP) — In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Texas, authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever's behind the blasts: Talk to us.
The Austin police chief's direct appeal, complete with promises to listen to the bomber and try to understand the reasons, reflects the stubborn progress of the investigation in which there's no known motivation and the ties between the victims are opaque at best. It may also represent a ploy to coax a response that could give clues or help police prepare for what might come next.
"It puts law enforcement and police in a down power dynamic and instills power on the person," said Randall Rogan, a Wake Forest University professor who is an expert on forensic linguistic analysis and worked with the FBI on the Unabomber case. "It gives (perpetrators) a sense of satisfaction, of pride, of accomplishment, that they are in charge."
An explosion on Sunday night was the fourth in Austin this month, and represented a stepped-up level of sophistication in the attack. Unlike the previous bombings, which involved packages left on doorsteps, the latest one was placed near a hiking trail and had a thin translucent tripwire like fishing line. Two people have died in the explosions and four others have been injured.
Hundreds of officers from multiple law enforcement agencies are on the case.
Rogan said as time passes, it's likely the person or people behind the explosions will seek more than just the thrill of the crimes themselves and will desire more recognition, something that could drive them to make contact with police or release some sort of communiqué or manifesto. He said the new complexity of the fourth bombing might suggest it was a test for something even bigger.
"This is an increase and expansion of sophistication and most likely a trial run for something to come in the future," Rogan said.
Robert Taylor, a former police detective who is now a criminologist at the University of Texas at Dallas, said eventually there will be a break in the case, but how long it will take remains to be seen.
"Something will come up somewhere. It will be a fingerprint on an envelope or DNA from saliva or a unique kind of detonator, or someone will just blab in a bar," he said.
For now, though, the police chief's plea suggests they haven't reached that point.
"It's a sign there's probably not a lot of physical evidence in this kind of crimes that lead and point to a specific person," Taylor said.
Every tiny piece of the bombs' remnants, though, holds the potential to unlock the mystery.
Mary Ellen O'Toole, a retired FBI agent and profiler who worked on numerous bombing cases, including the Unabomber, and now heads the forensic science program at George Mason University, said because bombs require so many components, they increase the chance that whoever built it could leave a trace of themselves behind.
"They're looking to see if they can determine a signature for the bomber," she said of investigators.
Scouring the areas where the bombs went off could uncover something — a hair, a skin fragment, a part of a fingerprint — that might lead to the perpetrator. Police will analyze every part of the devices they can recover to see what clues come from wires, tape, the skill and neatness in which they were constructed, and any other detail that might help decode who the bomber is.
"Even the way they bend or roll the wire," said Michael Bussell, a former Army ordnance disposal technician who now teaches classes on the subject for the online American Military University.
The Unabomber case, which launched with its first blast in 1978, provides both reasons to be hopeful and concerned about the Texas explosions.
While the FBI was able to build a correct profile of the bomber as having been raised in Chicago with ties to Salt Lake City and San Francisco, the big break in the case didn't come for 17 years, when he sent a 35,000-word manifesto. Even then, Ted Kaczynski was identified as the Unabomber only after his brother came forward to help authorities.
O'Toole said it's impossible to build a nuanced profile of the killer without all the evidence, but that bombers share some characteristics. They are willing to forsake some control in their mayhem since they are leaving a device that might not reach its intended target. They enjoy the risk of it — not just the danger of building a bomb, but also of transporting it to neighborhoods where people live and they could easily be caught. And because the bombings have continued, they likely feel no remorse and are prepared to do it again.
"If this bomber is being motivated, in part, by the sense of power and control that he has holding the city of Austin in a state of fear, and depending on how addictive that feeling is," she said, "that can be a strong contributor to his doing it again and not waiting a long period of time."
___
Sedensky can be reached at msedensky@ap.org or https://twitter.com/sedensky
Anderson Senior center can use a little help
Our friends at the Anderson County Senior Center in Clinton are in need of several items to help them prepare meals for area seniors.
The Center hosts lunch two to three times a week and the crowds keep getting larger and larger. With that in mind, Senior center officials are asking for the community's support.
The Senior center lists these items as being the most-needed:
Spaghetti noodles & sauce
Cooking oil
Paper bowl
Small plates
Self-rising flour
Flatware like forks and spoons
Quart and gallon-sized storage bags
Tinfoil
Buttermilk
Big Bunn filters for the coffee pot
Hamburger meat
Onions
Canned shortening
Mayonnaise
Pepper
Self-rising corn meal
Cream of chicken soup
Green beans
Pinto beans
Coffee
You can drop off your donations at 195 Edgewood Avenue in Clinton weekdays from 8 am to 4 pm. For more information, call the Senior Center at 865-457-3259.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — An influential Australian opposition lawmaker under fire over his close links to wealthy Chinese political donors has announced he is quitting the Senate for the good of his party as the government moves against foreign interference in politics.
Sam Dastyari announced on Tuesday that he would quit as a senator for the center-left Labor Party before Parliament next sits in February. Cabinet Minister Peter Dutton had criticized Dastyari for his links to China.
Dastyari has been at the center of government complaints of foreign interference in Australian politics, accusation that have raised the ire of Beijing.
Labor has accused the government of tapping into community "China-phobia" to attack Dastyari.
The government has announced that Australia will ban foreign interference in its politics either through espionage or financial donations.
The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile.
So concludes an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Among the findings:
— Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls "disturbingly high" — say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, which can include sexual harassment and bullying. Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse.
— Nearly 55 percent say they face "unpleasant and potentially hazardous" conditions.
—Nearly three quarters say they spend at least a fourth of their time on the job in "intense or repetitive physical" labor. "I was surprised at how physically demanding jobs were," says lead author Nicole Maestas, a Harvard Medical School economist.
—Telecommuting is rare: 78 percent say they are required to be present in their workplace during working hours.
—Only 38 percent say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement. And the older they get, the less optimistic they become.
—About half say they work on their own time to meet the demands of their job.
"Wow — (work) is pretty taxing place for many people," Maestas says. "I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is."
In many cases, less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions. For example, fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want to, compared to more than 76 percent of men with college degrees. Likewise, nearly 68 percent of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads.
Maestas wonders whether toxic working conditions are keeping Americans out of the labor force. The percentage of Americans who are working or looking for work — 62.9 percent in July — has not returned to pre-recession levels and is well below its 2000 peak of 67.3 percent.
The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low, and many employers complain they can't fill jobs.
"There's a message for employers here," Maestas says. "Working conditions really do matter."
Not everything about American workplaces is grim. Workers enjoy considerable autonomy: more than 80 percent say they get to solve problems and try out their own ideas. Moreover, 58 percent say their bosses are supportive, and 56 percent say they have good friends at work.
The first-time survey of Americans ages 25-71 was carried out in 2015. It is similar to a long-running European survey, and researchers plan to conduct another survey next year and eventually to draw comparisons between U.S. and European working conditions.
Global Forecast as of 12:00 GMT Wednesday, January 31, 2018
_____
City/Town, Country;Wednesday's Weather Condition;Wednesday's High Temp (F);Wednesday's Low Temp (F);Thursday's Weather Condition;Thursday's High Temp (F);Thursday's Low Temp (F);Thursday's Wind Direction;Thursday's Wind Speed (MPH);Thursday's Humidity (%);Thursday's Chance of Precip. (%);Thursday's UV Index
Abidjan, Ivory Coast;Partly sunny;88;78;A shower;88;77;WSW;9;81%;66%;6
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates;Partly sunny, breezy;70;62;Partly sunny;71;61;NW;13;56%;2%;5
Aleppo, Syria;Mostly sunny;57;37;Mostly sunny;57;39;E;5;70%;5%;3
Algiers, Algeria;Turning out cloudy;62;51;Partly sunny, nice;64;48;NW;7;61%;55%;3
Amsterdam, Netherlands;Rain, mainly early;50;37;Cloudy with a shower;43;38;W;16;80%;81%;1
Anchorage, United States;Cold with sunshine;18;6;Mostly sunny, cold;15;3;NNE;7;64%;6%;1
Ashgabat, Turkmenistan;Mostly sunny, chilly;43;27;Plenty of sunshine;57;36;NW;5;33%;25%;3
Astana, Kazakhstan;Turning cloudy;17;-11;Partly sunny, colder;7;-11;S;7;93%;10%;1
Asuncion, Paraguay;A stray thunderstorm;90;77;Mostly cloudy, humid;92;76;SE;6;65%;44%;5
Athens, Greece;Partly sunny, nice;63;47;Clouds and sun;60;47;SSW;6;66%;6%;3
Auckland, New Zealand;Windy this afternoon;79;70;Heavy rain, windy;74;66;W;23;85%;94%;2
Baghdad, Iraq;Plenty of sun;64;38;Plenty of sunshine;65;40;N;5;37%;0%;4
Banda Aceh, Indonesia;A heavy p.m. shower;93;73;A p.m. shower or two;89;72;ESE;5;72%;74%;9
Bangalore, India;Sunny and nice;85;56;Sunny and pleasant;86;56;E;7;31%;0%;8
Bangkok, Thailand;A few showers;92;73;Not as warm;83;68;ESE;7;58%;14%;3
Barcelona, Spain;Partly sunny;59;43;Rain tapering off;52;40;NW;10;74%;86%;2
Beijing, China;Plenty of sunshine;39;18;Partly sunny;39;19;NNW;8;18%;3%;3
Belgrade, Serbia;Partly sunny, mild;56;34;Partly sunny, mild;58;44;SSE;7;63%;27%;2
Berlin, Germany;A little rain;48;37;Periods of sun;43;33;SW;10;65%;56%;2
Bogota, Colombia;Mostly cloudy;69;44;Mostly cloudy;70;45;ESE;6;66%;44%;9
Brasilia, Brazil;Overcast, a t-storm;80;68;Showers and t-storms;78;66;NNW;10;77%;81%;4
Bratislava, Slovakia;Becoming cloudy;44;36;A little rain;45;36;NW;6;86%;88%;1
Brussels, Belgium;Rain tapering off;48;35;A passing shower;42;34;W;10;75%;81%;1
Bucharest, Romania;Sunshine;50;27;Mostly sunny, mild;50;31;W;5;72%;1%;2
Budapest, Hungary;Clearing;46;39;A touch of rain;51;39;WNW;10;66%;85%;1
Buenos Aires, Argentina;Partly sunny;87;72;Sunny;88;74;NNE;6;58%;1%;11
Bujumbura, Burundi;Variable cloudiness;88;64;Mostly cloudy;89;67;WNW;3;38%;44%;7
Busan, South Korea;Increasing clouds;43;29;Plenty of sunshine;45;27;NNW;7;33%;0%;3
Cairo, Egypt;Sun and some clouds;68;50;Mostly sunny;68;48;NNE;7;46%;0%;4
Cape Town, South Africa;Sunshine and nice;75;60;Sunny and pleasant;80;63;SSW;10;53%;2%;11
Caracas, Venezuela;Partly sunny;79;65;Sun and some clouds;77;66;ENE;3;65%;44%;8
Chennai, India;Sunny and nice;88;64;Sunny and pleasant;89;65;NE;6;55%;0%;7
Chicago, United States;Milder;44;24;Periods of sun;29;6;NW;16;46%;14%;3
Colombo, Sri Lanka;A p.m. t-storm;88;74;A t-storm in spots;89;74;NE;8;65%;76%;8
Copenhagen, Denmark;A little rain;42;35;Spotty showers;39;34;SSW;15;73%;83%;0
Dakar, Senegal;Partly sunny, breezy;72;61;Breezy with some sun;69;60;N;16;78%;0%;7
Dallas, United States;Partly sunny, breezy;72;52;Partly sunny;64;39;NE;10;55%;2%;4
Dar es Salaam, Tanzania;Clouds and sun;90;76;A t-storm in spots;89;75;NE;11;72%;45%;10
Delhi, India;Partly sunny;75;52;Hazy sun;78;53;NW;5;58%;0%;4
Denver, United States;Partly sunny;54;25;Morning flurries;39;26;ENE;7;66%;58%;2
Dhaka, Bangladesh;Mostly sunny, nice;75;57;Hazy sunshine;80;60;N;4;52%;2%;5
Dili, East Timor;Cloudy with showers;89;76;Spotty showers;87;75;WSW;8;73%;80%;5
Dublin, Ireland;A shower or two;42;35;A brief shower;43;32;NW;21;75%;40%;2
Dushanbe, Tajikistan;Increasing clouds;48;27;Mostly sunny;49;24;N;5;28%;1%;3
Gibraltar, Gibraltar;Breezy with rain;60;55;Some sun, a shower;60;47;W;12;81%;66%;3
Hanoi, Vietnam;Cloudy;58;46;Mostly sunny;62;48;SE;5;46%;7%;5
Harare, Zimbabwe;Variable cloudiness;79;63;A shower or t-storm;77;64;ENE;7;72%;66%;9
Havana, Cuba;Partly sunny;74;63;Nice with some sun;80;68;E;9;55%;42%;5
Helsinki, Finland;Clouds and sun;28;26;Breezy with snow;31;25;SW;19;96%;91%;0
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam;Turning cloudy;90;75;Partly sunny;89;73;SSW;4;70%;12%;6
Hong Kong, China;Colder this morning;58;44;Mostly sunny;58;50;NE;8;51%;8%;5
Honolulu, United States;A touch of rain;81;73;Showers;82;73;S;15;73%;94%;2
Hyderabad, India;Sunny and nice;90;57;Sunny and nice;89;58;E;6;26%;0%;6
Islamabad, Pakistan;Mostly cloudy;70;48;Hazy sun;73;46;NNW;6;63%;0%;4
Istanbul, Turkey;Mostly sunny;51;41;Sunny and mild;58;49;SSW;8;68%;19%;3
Jakarta, Indonesia;A shower in the a.m.;88;76;Cloudy, a t-storm;89;77;W;9;75%;68%;7
Jeddah, Saudi Arabia;Mostly sunny;84;68;Sunshine, pleasant;85;68;N;6;55%;3%;5
Johannesburg, South Africa;A t-storm in spots;78;61;A shower or t-storm;82;62;NW;7;54%;66%;12
Kabul, Afghanistan;Mostly cloudy;41;20;Plenty of sunshine;45;18;WNW;5;28%;0%;4
Karachi, Pakistan;Mostly sunny, nice;83;59;Hazy sunshine;85;56;N;5;44%;0%;5
Kathmandu, Nepal;Sun and some clouds;61;42;Partly sunny;66;42;SSE;5;67%;16%;5
Khartoum, Sudan;Sunny and beautiful;84;56;Sunny and nice;87;62;N;12;21%;0%;7
Kiev, Ukraine;Mostly cloudy;39;29;Partly sunny;41;34;S;9;67%;33%;1
Kingston, Jamaica;A shower;86;74;A shower or two;85;73;NE;8;63%;69%;5
Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo;Variable cloudiness;90;75;More clouds than sun;90;75;SW;5;67%;85%;8
Kolkata, India;Sunshine and nice;84;56;Hazy sun;81;57;NNE;6;53%;0%;5
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia;A t-storm in spots;92;73;A heavy thunderstorm;92;73;ENE;2;78%;86%;7
La Paz, Bolivia;A t-storm in spots;57;42;Showers and t-storms;56;42;SE;6;77%;86%;9
Lagos, Nigeria;Mostly sunny;92;75;Mostly sunny;89;76;SSW;5;76%;1%;9
Lima, Peru;Clouds and sun;77;68;Sun and clouds;76;68;S;8;75%;44%;12
Lisbon, Portugal;Periods of sun;62;49;Sunny and breezy;57;46;N;16;66%;3%;3
London, United Kingdom;Clouds, then sun;48;37;A shower in spots;44;35;NW;14;68%;52%;2
Los Angeles, United States;Mostly sunny, warm;80;55;Partly sunny, warm;79;56;ENE;4;37%;1%;4
Luanda, Angola;Partly sunny;89;77;Partly sunny;88;77;SSW;6;70%;38%;12
Madrid, Spain;Mostly sunny;57;34;Showers around;52;33;NNE;5;57%;70%;3
Male, Maldives;A thick cloud cover;86;80;A Couple of t-storms;85;80;NNE;12;76%;77%;3
Manaus, Brazil;Cloudy, a t-storm;86;76;A t-storm or two;85;76;N;7;80%;91%;5
Manila, Philippines;Partly sunny;86;74;An afternoon shower;89;74;E;4;68%;50%;7
Melbourne, Australia;Partly sunny, breezy;66;52;Partly sunny, nice;71;55;SSE;10;51%;15%;10
Mexico City, Mexico;Clouds and sun;70;45;Partly sunny;72;46;NE;4;35%;27%;7
Miami, United States;Partly sunny;73;66;Some sun, pleasant;77;65;E;10;61%;16%;3
Minsk, Belarus;Inc. clouds;32;28;A little snow;37;31;SSW;10;81%;90%;0
Mogadishu, Somalia;Sunshine and breezy;85;74;Clouds and sunshine;86;75;ENE;14;64%;1%;7
Montevideo, Uruguay;Clouding up;84;66;Sunny and nice;86;69;NNE;6;63%;1%;11
Montreal, Canada;Snow this afternoon;21;20;A little snow;36;12;WSW;4;76%;84%;1
Moscow, Russia;A thick cloud cover;29;9;Mostly cloudy;18;13;SSE;5;70%;71%;1
Mumbai, India;Partly sunny;97;63;Hazy sunshine;95;63;N;6;42%;0%;6
Nairobi, Kenya;A t-storm in spots;83;57;Sunshine;84;56;NE;13;43%;1%;12
New York, United States;Breezy and cold;34;30;A touch of p.m. rain;46;29;SW;8;54%;81%;1
Nicosia, Cyprus;Partly sunny;64;42;Partly sunny;64;42;SSE;5;70%;3%;3
Novosibirsk, Russia;Turning sunny;7;-10;High clouds;10;-5;ESE;4;83%;0%;1
Osaka-shi, Japan;Clouds and sun;43;32;Rain and drizzle;42;35;NNE;4;73%;80%;1
Oslo, Norway;Snow, some ice early;37;29;A little snow;33;21;NNE;4;80%;83%;0
Ottawa, Canada;Heavy snow;20;17;Showers of rain/snow;36;6;W;11;81%;78%;1
Pago Pago, American Samoa;Inc. clouds;86;77;Cloudy with showers;84;76;NNW;7;82%;99%;4
Panama City, Panama;Spotty showers;90;77;An afternoon shower;91;76;NNW;11;66%;70%;8
Paramaribo, Suriname;Partly sunny;87;73;Brief a.m. showers;84;74;NE;8;81%;85%;7
Paris, France;Rain;49;36;A passing shower;44;33;WNW;11;59%;80%;1
Perth, Australia;Plenty of sunshine;88;67;Some sun;85;70;ENE;10;41%;1%;11
Phnom Penh, Cambodia;Sun and some clouds;93;74;Mostly sunny, nice;88;71;W;6;59%;10%;8
Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea;Cloudy with a shower;86;73;Downpours;78;70;N;16;87%;100%;3
Port-au-prince, Haiti;Partly sunny;89;69;Periods of sun;88;67;SE;6;47%;7%;6
Prague, Czech Republic;A little rain;48;40;Cloudy;43;33;SW;9;71%;38%;1
Pyongyang, North Korea;Clouds and sunshine;34;1;Plenty of sun;31;7;N;3;38%;0%;3
Quito, Ecuador;A t-storm in spots;72;53;An afternoon shower;72;54;NNE;8;54%;83%;11
Rabat, Morocco;Variable cloudiness;61;43;Mostly sunny;61;48;WSW;4;73%;57%;4
Recife, Brazil;Showers around;87;79;A shower or two;88;79;ESE;9;68%;82%;7
Reykjavik, Iceland;Partly sunny, chilly;30;24;A bit of p.m. snow;34;32;SE;9;59%;85%;0
Riga, Latvia;Mostly cloudy;34;31;Rain and snow;37;30;SSW;8;93%;76%;0
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil;A little a.m. rain;82;72;Spotty showers;83;73;NW;9;70%;82%;12
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia;Mostly sunny;62;43;Sunny;67;43;ENE;5;23%;0%;5
Rome, Italy;A passing shower;56;47;Cloudy with a shower;58;52;S;10;72%;86%;1
Saint Petersburg, Russia;Some sun;20;7;A bit of p.m. snow;23;21;ESE;11;76%;88%;0
San Francisco, United States;Partly sunny;61;48;Periods of sunshine;65;49;WNW;6;69%;1%;3
San Jose, Costa Rica;Clouds and sun, nice;79;67;An afternoon shower;80;63;ENE;12;62%;41%;9
San Juan, Puerto Rico;Turning sunny;82;73;Mostly sunny;81;73;ENE;13;63%;42%;6
San Salvador, El Salvador;Sunshine, pleasant;77;63;Mostly sunny, nice;79;64;N;7;66%;6%;8
Sana'a, Yemen;Nice with sunshine;75;44;Mostly sunny, nice;73;44;E;5;43%;28%;8
Santiago, Chile;Plenty of sunshine;91;61;Plenty of sun;92;61;SW;6;35%;1%;11
Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic;Mostly sunny;80;69;Sun and some clouds;80;68;NNE;7;67%;9%;6
São Paulo, Brazil;Mostly sunny;65;41;Sunny and cooler;56;37;NNW;10;71%;0%;3
Seattle, United States;A touch of rain;46;42;Occasional rain;48;45;SSE;7;84%;95%;0
Seoul, South Korea;Mostly cloudy;35;17;Plenty of sunshine;34;18;N;4;37%;0%;3
Shanghai, China;Cloudy and chilly;37;30;Partly sunny, chilly;43;32;NW;8;62%;0%;4
Singapore, Singapore;Heavy p.m. showers;94;76;A t-storm in spots;89;78;N;12;75%;60%;8
Sofia, Bulgaria;Partly sunny, mild;50;25;Clouds and sun, mild;50;28;S;5;78%;2%;3
St. John's, Antigua and Barbuda;Mostly sunny, nice;80;73;A shower in spots;81;71;ENE;9;65%;66%;6
Stockholm, Sweden;a bit of rain, snow;36;32;Cloudy;36;28;SSW;5;91%;59%;0
Sydney, Australia;Cooler;72;64;A morning shower;71;64;SSE;12;54%;75%;4
Taipei City, Taiwan;Rain and drizzle;61;51;A little a.m. rain;56;53;NE;11;74%;72%;1
Tallinn, Estonia;A snow shower;30;27;Periods of snow;35;28;SW;13;83%;85%;0
Tashkent, Uzbekistan;Partly sunny;41;25;Mostly sunny;48;26;NNE;4;53%;1%;3
Tbilisi, Georgia;Partial sunshine;47;30;Mostly sunny;42;25;NNW;15;57%;0%;3
Tehran, Iran;Sunny and chilly;42;26;Plenty of sunshine;47;28;NNE;6;31%;0%;4
Tel Aviv, Israel;Mostly sunny;67;48;Plenty of sun;68;50;NE;6;62%;0%;4
Tirana, Albania;Partly sunny;61;39;Spotty showers;58;45;ESE;4;63%;84%;1
Tokyo, Japan;Partly sunny;48;33;Rain and drizzle;43;36;NNE;9;68%;88%;1
Toronto, Canada;Cloudy, not as cold;35;31;Partly sunny;37;11;WNW;17;76%;31%;2
Tripoli, Libya;Sunshine;67;49;Mostly cloudy;70;57;SSE;3;52%;0%;3
Tunis, Tunisia;Mostly sunny, nice;66;47;A passing shower;66;52;S;7;55%;56%;1
Ulan Bator, Mongolia;Clouds and sun, cold;1;-26;Mostly cloudy;-3;-28;NNW;6;68%;59%;2
Vancouver, Canada;A p.m. shower or two;42;37;Cloudy, rain;43;42;ENE;5;78%;94%;0
Vienna, Austria;Turning cloudy, mild;49;34;Periods of rain;46;36;W;6;74%;87%;1
Vientiane, Laos;Cloudy, not as warm;71;55;Cloudy;74;58;NE;4;44%;10%;2
Vilnius, Lithuania;Mostly cloudy;37;31;A bit of rain;37;30;W;13;87%;71%;0
Warsaw, Poland;Turning cloudy;42;36;Morning rain, cloudy;43;32;SSW;8;90%;75%;0
Wellington, New Zealand;Increasing clouds;75;69;Very windy, a shower;78;61;NNW;30;72%;69%;9
Yangon, Myanmar;Abundant sunshine;90;57;Sunny and pleasant;89;59;WSW;4;49%;0%;6
Yerevan, Armenia;Turning sunny;39;27;Mostly sunny;40;16;ESE;3;46%;10%;3
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
_____
Keywords: Forecast, Global, Fahrenheit
Transcript for French president urges the US to stay in the Iran nuclear deal
tonight, and several moments up close and personal today making headlines around the globe. President Trump and the president of France, and their interactions. The Trump administration's first state visit, the official welcome at the White House. With a 21-gun salute and full military display. The two presidents, and what they said today about Iran, what President Trump said about Kim Jong-un, calling him honorable. Here's ABC's chief White House correspondent Jonathan Karl. Reporter: As soon as the French president and his wife arrived at the White House this morning, the macrons and the trumps seemed determined to show the world how much they like each other. So comfortable together, this happened -- We do have a very special relationship. In fact, I'll get that little piece of dandruff off. Little piece. We have to make him perfect. He is perfect. Reporter: Chumminess aside, president macron came with an agenda. He wants the U.S. To stay in the Iran nuclear deal. Are you willing to consider staying in the Iran deal? We're going to be talking about it. We'll see. Reporter: For all its flaws, the Iran deal has shut down, at least for now, the Iranian nuclear program. But the Iranians say they'll restart their nuclear program if the deal -- We'll find out. You'll find out about that. Reporter: But are you concerned about that? Won't be so easy for them to restart. They're not going to be restarting anything. They're restarted it, they'll have big problems. Bigger than they ever had before. Reporter: Later, at a joint press conference that featured another over the top handshake, macron urged the president to stay in the Iran nuclear deal, while negotiating another deal to limit Iran's missile program and support for terrorism. We raised very new issues and very lieu solutions tonight. Reporter: Trump didn't show his cards, but he did repeat his warning to Iran. I will say, if Iran threatens us in any way, they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid. Reporter: The president's harsh words for Iran stood in stark contrast to his praise for North Korea's dictator Kim Jong-un. Over the past year, he's called Kim a madman running a cruel regime. But today, looking ahead to their planned meeting -- Kim Jong-un was -- he really has been very open and I think very honorable from everything we're seeing. Reporter: Nice words aside, the president declared he will insist on complete denuclearization. It means they get rid of their nukes. Very simple. They get rid of their nukes and So, let's get to Jon Karl, live at the White House. Big night at the White House, Jon, this evening. We saw all that warmth on display between President Trump and Emmanuel Macron. The two first couples walking together on the White House lawn. The president is hosting them tonight at a state dinner? Reporter: It's going to be intimate. Just 13 tables of ten. They'll be eating on the Clinton China. And the guests here include Rupert Murdoch and apple CEO Tim cook, who brought, as his guest, the former Obama EPA director, Lisa Jackson. Jon, one other headline from
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Three girls and one boy were who born underweight in June in Houston, Texas, are heading home ahead of the Fourth of July.
In the very first period after the Anaheim Ducks finally got captain Ryan Getzlaf and Jakob Silfverberg back from long-term injuries, Corey Perry hobbled off the ice with a lower-body injury that sent him to a hospital.
"It just seems like it's a regular day for us," Getzlaf said with a shake of his head.
The Ducks have been besieged by injuries all season long, yet they're still scratching out enough points to remain in the race.
Logan Shaw had a goal and an assist, and Silfverberg returned from a five-game absence to score the tiebreaking goal late in the second period of the Ducks' 3-2 victory over the Carolina Hurricanes on Monday night.
Derek Grant also scored and John Gibson made 28 saves for the Ducks, who won for just the third time in 11 games. The injury-plagued team was boosted by the simultaneous returns of Silfverberg and Getzlaf, who had missed 19 games after getting hit in the face with a puck.
But then the Ducks lost Perry to a potentially serious lower-body injury.
Perry's right leg bent awkwardly as he ran into the back of Carolina's Jeff Skinner. The 2011 NHL MVP has played in 239 straight regular-season games and 40 playoff contests since Dec. 28, 2014.
Coach Randy Carlyle said Perry was being evaluated at a hospital.
"I don't think there's much to say anymore," Gibson said of the Ducks' injury woes. "We get frustrating playing with it, but we have what we have, and we keep playing. It's a credit to everybody here."
Justin Williams scored and Scott Darling stopped 20 shots for the Hurricanes, who have lost four straight and six of seven. Carolina went winless on its three-game California road swing, although it picked up overtime points on the first two stops.
Victor Rask scored for Carolina on a loose puck with 2:40 to play. The Canes couldn't get an equalizer past Gibson, who made several big saves down the stretch, including a stunning dive to stop Elias Lindholm.
"(Mistakes) are magnified when you're struggling to score, and obviously we are struggling to score," Carolina coach Bill Peters said. "We got it to 3-2, and in the third when we pushed, I thought we had some real good looks."
Getzlaf had been out since getting hit in the face by a puck Oct. 29 in Raleigh. The Ducks have been without Ryan Kesler, their other top center, all season long.
Getzlaf even protected his recently repaired face with a visor, which he typically only wears during international play for Canada. He is among the few dozen NHL players who have chosen not to wear a visor after the league made them mandatory for new players in 2013.
When asked if the visor was here to stay, Getzlaf snorted: "I doubt it."
"I lost a few pucks in my feet, those things that I don't normally do," he added. "Those are adjustments after coming back from such a long layoff."
Williams put the Canes ahead just 83 seconds into the first period with a nifty deflection in front, but Grant answered with his first goal in 10 games off a break with Shaw.
Silfverberg roofed a wrist shot with 35 seconds left in the second period, capitalizing on a clear path to the net when Carolina defenseman Haydn Fleury fell down.
"It's a game of mistakes, we all say," Hurricanes defenseman Justin Faulk said. "It gets tough when we're in a little bit of a tough stretch right now. Every mistake weighs on you a little bit more. You think about it more. You end up gripping your stick a little tighter, trying to bear down and make those plays."
In the third, Shaw ended his 20-game goal drought off a sharp pass from defenseman Andy Welinski, who got his first point in his NHL debut.
NOTES: Anaheim D Hampus Lindholm missed his fourth straight game with an upper-body injury. ... The Ducks scratched LW Nick Ritchie, who was injured in their last game against Minnesota. Ritchie hadn't missed a game since Oct. 11. ... Anaheim made several roster moves before the game, sending RW Jared Boll, LW Kevin Roy and D Jaycob Megna to its AHL affiliate in San Diego.
UP NEXT
Hurricanes: At Vegas Golden Knights on Tuesday.
Ducks: At St. Louis Blues on Thursday to open a six-game road trip heading up to the Christmas break.
———
A plan to fix outdated water and sewer lines may go to voters in November. Governor Andrew Cuomo is proposing a multi-billion-dollar infrastructure improvement fund as part of his budget plan. The money would also boost water quality programs around the state.
WBFO's Chris Caya reports.
As state legislators continued budget hearings in Albany on Tuesday, the particulars of the Water Infrastructure Improvement Fund were discussed. While it appears that some of the dollars would fund repairs and upgrades to aging infrastructure, there would also be allocations set aside for non-profits.
"The fact that the commissioner recognized these non-profits that work from a very community-based approach to addressing large-scale, long term environmental concerns was really music to our ears," said State Senator Tim Kennedy after questioning Department of Environmental Conservation Commissioner Basil Seggos.
Non-profits such as the Buffalo Niagara Riverkeeper, Kennedy says, have been on the front lines with various government agencies in cleaning up polluted waterways. As much as $60 million may be needed to finish cleaning up Scajaquada Creek and Hoyt Lake in Buffalo's Delaware Park.
"Now, if this $2 billion initiative goes through in this upcoming budget and ultimately to the voters being passed in November, the Buffalo Niagara Riverkeeper and other non-profits like it, will have the resources necessary to do their job effectively as they've done over the years," said Kennedy.
Universal
On the Random Movie Night podcast, Uproxx's Mike Ryan and Keith Phipps watch and talk about a movie selected by a random number generator.
In 2001, Tony Scott's Spy Game was released, starring two of the most famous actors in the world — Robert Redford and Brad Pitt — and no one really cared. Released just weeks after the events of September 11, 2001, it turns out people weren't immediately in the mood for a Cold War-set film about espionage. Spy Game has a, let's say, interesting plot structure: it's set in 1991 and Brad Pitt's character has been captured in China. Redford plays his former mentor and tries to get him back. This all allots for about 15 minutes, as most of the film is told in flashbacks (from the 1991 setting) that take us through the relationship between Redford and Pitt's characters. (Also, in this movie Brad Pitt is a soldier in the Vietnam War? Has Pitt quietly fought in every war? He's in a lot of war movies for an actor who isn't really known for being in war movies.)
Last week, after discussing Problem Child with Variety TV critic Sonia Saraiya, we chose our next random movie, and as it turns out, Spy Game is one of her favorite movies. So of course she had to come back.
Next week: Oh God! You Devil
Our opening theme this week is “Late Night Tales” by Lee Rosevere from the album Music For Podcasts. Our closing theme is “Max Flashback,” also by Rosevere and from the same album. You can hear more Lee Rosevere music here.
If you enjoy Random Movie Night, be sure to subscribe and review us via Apple podcasts. It makes us happy. We're also now on Google Play and Stitcher. And we have our own Soundcloud page. Look for us soon on Stitcher and other podcatchers.
The deputy was one of four on a routine patrol when noticing the vehicle parked on the street, which was reported as “suspicious” by the responding officers.
Deputies found a man in the RV, and a woman in a car nearby. The deputy was inside the RV when firing the shot.
The man was taken by ambulance to Regions Hospital in St. Paul, where he later died.
The sheriff's department has placed the four deputies on standard administrative leave. Further information regarding the identities of the deputies involved, along with the victim's identity, has yet to be released.
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
The Wildcats scored a run in the first inning, four in the second and two in the third as they finished with eight hits. Andrew Franklin homered while Conner Sullivan doubled. Chase Ford and Gabe Jennings each singled twice.
Will Wright pitched six one-hit innings for the win. He walked one and struck out four before Jared Smith worked the seventh, surrendering three runs on as many hits.
Central is scheduled to travel to Lebanon's Brent Foster Field at 7 p.m. Tuesday to begin a two-game District 9-AAA series with the Blue Devils, who will return the visit to WCHS on Wednesday night.
Bears edged by Maryville 5-4
MARYVILLE — Maryville scored all its runs in the fourth through sixth innings Saturday and held off Mt. Juliet 5-4 to wrap up the Scott Dean Memorial Tournament.
The Golden Bears scored three times in the top of the third inning to break a scoreless tie and, after falling behind 5-3, got a run back in the seventh as they fell to 14-7 for the season.
John Dowless pitched 4 1/3 innings to take the loss, allowing four earned runs on six hits. Austin Waller surrendered an unearned run over the final 1 2/3 with four hits.
Mt. Juliet finished with seven hits, including two by John Dyer, who drove in a run with a sacrifice fly. Eric Rice singled and drove in two runs. Cade Hoppe and Aiden Raines doubled.
The Golden Bears will return to District 9-AAA action Tuesday when they travel to Station Camp for a 7 p.m. game before the Bison return the trip to Mt. Juliet 24 hours later.
Watertown edges Gallatin 3-2 in eight
GALLATIN — Seth Price scored the Watertown winner on an eighth-inning Gallatin error as the Purple Tigers prevailed 3-2 Friday night in the Sumner County Invitational.
Price singled to lead off the eighth and moved up on a Bo Whitlock single. An errant pickoff throw to second base was thrown into the third-base dugout, enabling Price to score the winner.
Watertown errors enabled Gallatin to break a scoreless tie in the fourth inning.
Sophomore Heath Price opened the Watertown fifth. Following a Jarred Bradshaw single, Seth Price doubled in both runners.
Five Purple Tiger pitchers allowed five strikeouts and struck out eight. Junior Owen Queen fanned four Green Wave batters.
Bradshaw breaks tie for Tigers in ninth
PORTLAND — Watertown scored four times in the ninth inning to take a 6-2 win at Portland on April 7.
Jarred Bradshaw broke a 2-2 deadlock with a two-run double. He later scored on a bases-loaded walk.
Seth Price doubled twice even as his Purple Tiger teammates struck out 11 times.
But five Tiger pitchers fanned 12, including four by sophomore Tyler Vastola and three by Bradshaw.
As the racial unrest stirred by a neo-Nazi rally in Virginia on Saturday continued throughout the nation on Monday, a group of demonstrators took down a statue of a Confederate soldier outside a courthouse in Durham, North Carolina.
According to the News Observer, nearly 100 demonstrators, describing themselves as anti-fascists, used a ladder to tie a rope around the statue. The crowd used the rope to pull the statue to the ground.
Video of the incident shows the crowd kicking the statue, as others in the crowd cheered on.
The statue has stood outside the courthouse since 1924.
According to a Facebook event page, the protest was organized by the Workers World Party Durham Branch. The protest was organized to demand the removal of all Confederate symbols.
The News Observer reported that members of the Durham County Sheriff's Office were on hand, but did not get involved. Instead, deputies videotaped the incident.
“Charlottesville and racist monuments across the country are the result of centuries of white supremacy,” Alissa Ellis, a member of Workers World Party Durham branch, told the News Observer. “But we cannot ignore the fact that the current Trump administration has emboldened more Nazis, KKK, and white supremacists to target, brutalize, and kill our communities,”
The protest in Durham was one of many taking places across the country Monday evening. One of the largest rallies against white supremacy was in New York City, outside of President Donald Trump residence. Trump is expected to spend the night in his New York apartment.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — The South African city of Cape Town has made a little progress in staving off the dreaded "Day Zero," the date when it might have to turn off most taps because of water shortages.
The country's main opposition leader said Tuesday that "Day Zero" had been pushed back by four days to April 16 because of efforts to save water by residents.
Mmusi Maimane, whose Democratic Alliance party runs Cape Town and the surrounding province, says residents must use fewer than 50 liters (13.2 gallons) per person daily to avoid the tap closure altogether.
Maimane says aquifer drilling is accelerating and that authorities will reduce water pressure in the municipal system in coming weeks.
Experts say causes of Cape Town's water shortages include climate change and huge population growth.
Charles Murray is demanding the “suspension or expulsion” of the Middlebury College students who participated in violent riots during his recent visit to campus.
“To me, the aftermath of the Middlebury affair is a case study in a sickness of American higher education: Hand-wringing in the face of a toxic threat to the university,” Murray writes in a post published Monday on the American Enterprise Institute's AEIdeas blog.
"To me, the aftermath of the Middlebury affair is a case study in a sickness of American higher education."
Murray was recently forced to deliver a speech via closed circuit television when student protesters forcefully shut down his original on-campus venue, after which a liberal professor had to be hospitalized when demonstrators assaulted her as she attempted to escort Murray out of the building.
[RELATED: Angry mob turns on liberal prof for defending Charles Murray]
Despite the severity of the situation, Murray complains that “not one single solitary person” was actually punished for participating in the riots.
As Middlebury President Laurie Patton acknowledged in The Wall Street Journal, administrators merely imposed a toothless “probation” on 74 students, while the most flagrant offenders got away with nothing more serious than “a letter in their permanent file, which Murray contends is not even equivalent to a slap on the wrist.
[RELATED: Middlebury sanctions students for riot at Charles Murray speech]
“‘Probation' at Middlebury doesn't mean a weekly meeting with your probation officer and random drug tests,” Murray points out. “It just means a temporary mark on your record that is expunged if there is no further violation.”
Similarly, he contends that placing a permanent note in the files of the most disruptive protesters is unlikely to have any long-term negative impact, and could even work to the students' advantage because their involvement in the protest “will be a plus in the eyes of the admissions committees for many graduate programs,” and is unlikely to significantly influence most hiring decisions.
“Employers? Most won't notice. Some will be amused,” he predicts. “No one is going to say ‘Oh, we can't hire this person. He was in a student protest a few years ago.'”
[RELATED: Murray: Postmodernism, Trump to blame for leftist anger on campus]
Murray explains that he had initially abstained from weighing in on the question of repercussions in order to avoid complicating the disciplinary process at Middlebury, but now feels compelled to do so because he feels that the school's response will only encourage similar acts of violence in the future, as evidenced by the continued online harassment of faculty members who have defended his right to free speech.
While he does praise Patton for giving a “fine statement” endorsing the principles of free expression, Murray argues that “it was not a message calculated to make students think she would come down on them like a ton of bricks if they strayed out of line.”
A more effective response, he suggests, would have been for Patton to suspend each of the students identified among the protesters for the duration of the semester, and to permanently expel any students proven to have taken part in assault and battery.
“I call for suspension or expulsion because we're not talking about students acting a little too boisterously or students whose worthy motives should mitigate their treatment,” Murray explains. “In my view, preventing a person from peacefully presenting a point of view on a university campus is analogous to killing a person in a community, in this limited sense: Both acts are challenges to the most elemental functions of those institutions.”
[RELATED: Alumni challenge Middlebury to embrace intellectual diversity]
Murray concludes by arguing that the social justice “agenda” is “incompatible” with the search for truth, which he deems the foremost priority of any college or university.
“A university must be a safe place for intellectual freedom, else it has failed in its purpose,” he declares [emphasis his]. “To respond to violations of that haven as the administration of Middlebury has responded is not a matter of being too soft on students. It is dereliction of duty.”
Spokespersons for Middlebury declined to comment on Murray's criticisms of the disciplinary process when contacted by Campus Reform.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter @Toni_Airaksinen
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Los Angeles Dodgers will pay tribute to one of baseball's most celebrated home runs by introducing a "Kirk Gibson seat" at Dodger Stadium.
The seat will be added in the right field pavilion at the spot where Gibson's game-ending homer landed during Game 1 of the 1988 World Series. The chair will be painted blue and feature Gibson's signature, the team announced Monday.
Tickets will cost $300 for a package that includes a companion seat, two commemorative T-shirts and food and drink. The Dodgers will donate $200 from each purchase to the Kirk Gibson Foundation to raise money and awareness for Parkinson's research.
"Kirk Gibson was part of one of the greatest moments in Dodger history, and we're thrilled to partner with Kirk to help him and his foundation raise funds and awareness in fighting Parkinson's disease," Chief Marketing Officer Lon Rosen said in a statement.
U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley was determined to hold a Security Council meeting on the importance of human rights to international peace and security and it will happen on Tuesday — but only after the U.S. addressed objections from Russia, China and other council members.
Haley told reporters at the start of the U.S. presidency of the U.N.'s most powerful body in early April that she wanted a meeting that didn't "point fingers at anyone" but looked at underlying human rights issues that lead to conflict and unrest.
As examples, she cited student protests against Syrian President Bashar Assad that sparked the six-year conflict, the self-immolation of a Tunisian fruit vendor who was harassed by police and not able to work that sparked nationwide demonstrations, and massive rights violations in North Korea.
But Russia's deputy U.N. ambassador Petr Iliichev took issue with the premise of the proposed debate saying: "A general statement that international peace and security are threatened by human rights violations is not true."
He also argued that other U.N. bodies including the Geneva-based Human Rights Council and the General Assembly already deal with human rights. "Why are we taking everything to the Security Council? Then those bodies should be dismantled," Iliichev said.
Haley said the U.S. wanted the debate on April 18, with Secretary-General Antonio Guterres briefing.
But it wasn't on the Security Council "program of work" for the month because that needs unanimous agreement of all 15 council members, which the U.S. didn't have.
That set the stage for two weeks of behind the scenes discussions to see how the U.S. could get a meeting.
The United States initially wanted the debate under a new agenda item for the council entitled "Human Rights and International Peace and Security" — which would mean that item could be raised again and again in the council.
The U.S. Mission circulated a "concept paper" saying this would give council members the opportunity to reflect on the way the council addresses human rights in its work "for the first time."
Since the late 1980s, the Security Council has focused on human rights issues as drivers in numerous situations, and it has authorized human rights experts and monitors for most of the U.N. peacekeeping and political missions it has authorized. The council, however, has never had a so-called "thematic debate" on human rights related to the Security Council's main mission of promoting international peace and security.
In order for the U.S. to get its new agenda item approved it would have had to hold a procedural vote at the start of Tuesday's meeting and get nine "yes" votes to go ahead. But council diplomats said it appeared the U.S. might have only eight "yes" votes and seven "no" votes — Russia, China, Egypt, Bolivia, Ethiopia, Khazakhstan and possibly Senegal.
So the United States agreed to a compromise.
In a note on Tuesday's meeting, the U.S. Mission to the United Nations said Monday it is being held under an old agenda item: "Maintenance of international peace and security," with a focus on "human rights and prevention of armed conflict."
That means no procedural vote is required and all 15 council members are now on board with the debate.
MOSCOW (AP) — Russia is hoping to recruit former world champion track cyclist Shane Perkins of Australia in a push for medals at the 2020 Olympics.
Perkins says in a Facebook statement that he "will now be riding for Russia," alongside a picture of himself in Russian team gear. He adds that the "Russian Cycling Federation has given me another opportunity to chase my dreams of Olympic representation in Tokyo 2020."
However, Russia says the switch isn't yet complete.
RCF general secretary Yuri Kucheryavy tells Russia's R-Sport news agency that Perkins was training with Russia's sprinters recently and "we're interested in him for the team sprint, where we need a third person," as well as the keirin, but "we still need to sort everything out officially."
Perkins has won two gold medals at the track world championships and Olympic individual sprint bronze in 2012.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – The French retailer giant Carrefour has removed dog meat products from two of its supermarket chains in China.
Carrefour announced the measures following outcry from the animal rights group, Animal Asia.
The group claims to have been asking the chain to remove dog meat products from its shelves since 2012.
Although the company had given its word to do so, but an inspection by the group found two of its branches in the eastern city of Xuzhou still featured dog meat products.
These items included "Fankuai turtle-juiced dog meat," selling for 136 yuan ($20), as well as smaller packages of dried dog meat selling for 25.60 yuan.
As many as 10 million dogs are killed every year for the purpose of consumption in China, according to the Humane Society International.
Even though dog meat consumption is not illegal in China, animal rights groups have sought to stop its sale at the controversial annual Yunlin dog meat festival in the southwestern town of Yulin in Guangxi Province.
Katey Sagal never planned to go into acting. Music was always her first love. Back in the 1970s, Sagal was a backup singer for greats like Bob Dylan and Bette Midler. While Sagal still loves music and plays in a band, the Golden Globe winner is now a household name in Hollywood. Best known for playing Peggy Bundy on “Married… With Children”, Sagal plays a police officer named Randy DeLuca on CBS's “Superior Donuts.” The role of a cop is a much different one for Sagal and her character DeLuca is making her return to the force after being on leave.
Sagal plays an important role on a show in “Superior Donuts” that isn't afraid to tackle the most controversial issues in our world today. Tonight, the show addresses sexual harassment in the workplace and has dealt with the topics race relations and immigration in the past.
CBS Local's DJ Sixsmith chatted with Sagal about her experience on “Superior Donuts”, the importance of tonight's episode and how she made the jump from singer songwriter to top flight actress.
DJ Sixsmith: You've worked on many different television shows in your career. How does “Superior Donuts” compare to the rest?
Katey Sagal: Well, they're all different. First of all, I play a cop, which was interesting to me. I have a daughter, but you never see her and that is not the main focus of my character. This show deals a lot with current events that are going on. It's the most diverse bunch of people, it's a very diverse show. It's super funny and the people on there are super funny. I've been involved with funny shows before, but the difference is that this doesn't take place in somebody's house. The show takes place in a donut shop and it's a different kind of family environment. Nobody is blood-related, but everyone gets along as a family.
DS: You mentioned how the show deals with a lot of different current topics. Tonight's episode dives into sexual harassment. How important is this episode given what is going on with the #MeToo movement?
KS: I think this is a really important topic. I can't rate it with all of the very important topics in the world right now, but it's definitely up there. My character Randy, who is a police officer, has been on leave and decides to go back to the force. She wants to be a detective and talks to her old boss to put in a good word for her. He says he'll do that for me, but he asks if I can do something for him. He says he has an HR complaint against him from a rookie cop about sexual harassment. You come to find out that he is guilty and Randy calls him out on it. It's one of the serious moments we have on our show, but it ends with lots of humor. It's palatable and smart and that's how we deal with things. We deal with a lot of issues going on in the country and from all different perspectives like police brutality, race issues and immigration. We are not bent towards one particular point of view, we cover all points of view.
DS: Taking a step back, how did your role on “Married… With Children” and winning a Golden Globe change the course of your acting career?
KS: It was such a career changer because my focus had been music up until that point. I still always play music, but my pursuit was as a singer songwriter. That's what I was gearing myself towards and I had some moderate success with it. I then became open to other fields because I needed to make a living. This career was really the right fit. It's just been an amazing journey. It was definitely not my plan in terms of where I thought I was going, but it's worked out really well.
DS: You aren't playing music full-time anymore, but how do you incorporate it into your life now?
KS: I just love to play music. I have a band right now where we pretty much just play for fun and it's not about making a living and they're great musicians. It scratches that itch for me. I'd like to say that I wish I had become a successful musician, but I'm really happy with where my life is.
DS: Finally, what has been the greatest challenge of your career?
KS: There have been several challenges because life is full of challenges. I don't know if I can specifically say one. I definitely had some demons that needed to be sorted out along the way. I was able to do that and not mess things up. Life has always got some challenges, but that makes it interesting.
Watch Sagal in “Superior Donuts” tonight at 9pm EST/PST on CBS.
Happy Monday!
Welcome to the fourth edition of StormTeam11 Starwatch! This is a blog that will be posted weekly that will list events happening in the sky this week!
Wednesday, December 13th – Thursday, December 14th 2017:
This week, we have an exciting event, the Geminid meteor shower! This is pronounced ˈjemənidz. This event will peak the evening of Wednesday, December 13th into the morning hours of Thursday, December 14th. If we have clear skies, we will have great viewing conditions in our area!
Image Courtesy of NASA/MSFC/Danielle Moser, NASA's Meteoroid Environment Office
Image Courtesy of: https://solarsystem.nasa.gov/planets/meteors/geminids
The above image shows a picture of what some of the meteors would look like!
The Geminid meteor shower's best hourly rate will be 100-200 meteors an hour! However, only the brightest of meteors can be seen from city light polluted skies. A meteor shower occurs when the Earth passes through a debris trail that is left behind by a passing comet, but the Geminids are unique in that an asteroid is the source of this debris! See December 16th below!
Thursday, December 14th 2017:
Additionally, Jupiter and the Moon will be close to Mars this morning! Here's a view of the southeast horizon about an hour before sunrise.
Image Courtesy of Bays Mountain Park & Planetarium
Saturday, December 16th 2017:
Additionally, this week on Saturday, December 16th at around 6 PM EST 3200 Phaethon is going to pass within 6.5 million miles from Earth (about 27 times farther than the moon). 3200 Phaethon is an asteroid and on this date it will have a magnitude of 10.8 (about 100 times fainter than the dimmest stars you can see with the naked eye). It will be a little difficult to see even in today's amateur telescopes. Debris from 3200 Phaethon is known to be the origin of the Geminid meteor shower.
Acknowledgements
Special thanks to Adam Thanz from Bays Mountain Park & Planetarium and Dr. Gary Henson from ETSU for this information. Additionally, the following sites have been used:
http://www.skyandtelescope.com/astronomy-news/meteor-showers-in-2017/
https://solarsystem.nasa.gov/planets/meteors/geminids
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--AmericanTours International (ATI) was honored by the U.S. Travel Association (USTA) and Brand USA as one of America's highest-volume tour operators at the Chairman's Circle Honors Awards ceremony during the association's 50th annual IPW in Denver, Colorado. This elite awards event —co-hosted by Brand USA— honored international travel buyers for outstanding efforts to bring the world to America.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006439/en/
L-R Chris Thompson CEO of Brand USA, Nick Hentschel COO of ATI, Noel Irwin Hentschel CEO of ATI and Roger Dow President USTA (Photo: Business Wire)
“IPW's goal is to bring the world to America, and this year's Chairman's Circle honorees do all that they can to make that vision a reality,” said USTA President and CEO Roger Dow. “The honorees do tremendous work to ensure that travelers all around the world know that the U.S. is a great place to visit and they have my deepest gratitude for their contributions to the U.S. travel industry.”
Presented with the award by Roger Dow, ATI Chair/CEO Noel Irwin Hentschel stated, “It is an honor to be recognized by USTA and Brand USA for ATI's passionate work in showcasing America to the world. ATI appreciates our partnerships with all the international tour operators, hotel companies and great destinations like Las Vegas, Grand Canyon and Yellowstone National Parks. We roll out the red carpet welcoming travelers to visit all 50 states with ATI-every visitor to the USA is a VIP.”
Hentschel was recently appointed to the board of directors of Brand USA by U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross. Brand USA is the destination marketing organization for the United States and a public-private partnership created by the Travel Promotion Act to increase incremental international visitation to fuel the nation's economy and enhance the image of the USA worldwide.
ATI revolutionizes the inbound travel industry setting standards for quality of service, product innovation, and technological expertise. ATI creates and operates unique motorcoach tours, creative incentives, customized special interest group experiences and DriveAmerica fly-drive itineraries in multiple languages. ATI packages wholesale hotel and attraction inventory from 30,000 suppliers across all 50 states in over 70 international markets.
ATI is America's largest privately held, American-owned, full-service Visit USA destination management and marketing organization. Headquartered in California and Florida with offices in New York and Hawaii, ATI serves nearly one million visitors generating an estimated $3 billion into the U.S. economy annually.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006439/en/
CONTACT: AmericanTours International
Rebecca Rueseler
310-590-4118
Rebecca_rueseler@americantours.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRAVEL DESTINATIONS VACATION COMMUNICATIONS ADVERTISING MARKETING
SOURCE: AmericanTours International
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 04:27 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 04:27 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006439/en
The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, which is now called Altaba after its email and other digital services were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The Sunnyvale, California-based company, which is no longer publicly traded, neither admitted nor denied the allegations but did agree to refrain from further violations of securities laws.
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers. The SEC alleged that, although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach, the company failed to fully investigate. The breach wasn't disclosed to the investing public until more than two years later, when Yahoo was working on closing Verizon's acquisition of its operating business in 2016, the SEC said.
"Yahoo's failure to have controls and procedures in place to assess its cyber disclosure obligations ended up leaving its investors totally in the dark about a massive data breach," Jina Choi, director of the SEC's San Francisco regional office, said in a statement.
OAKLAND, Calif. -- On Wednesday during exit interviews, Kevin Durant dismissed the notion that the Golden State Warriors are constructed as a superteam. In making his point, he directed attention to the organization's drafting prowess and recruiting targets rather than just focusing on the fact that the team has four All-Stars in himself, Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and Draymond Green.
"First of all, if everybody wanted Steph, he would have been the No. 1 pick," Durant said. "A lot of people passed on him. A lot of people doubted Steph, saying he wasn't going to be this good. Klay Thompson, he was just supposed to be this OK shooter in the league, like that's what you thought of Klay Thompson when he came in. Draymond, nobody wanted him. He was a 6-5 power forward. [They said] he couldn't play in the league, he couldn't start in the NBA. Shaun Livingston had a crazy knee injury.
"Nobody wanted him. Nobody thought that he would get back to being Shaun Livingston. Andre Iguodala, he got traded a couple of times. Nobody wanted him. A lot of people didn't expect these guys to be where they are today. Superteam? No, we just work extremely well together. Coach puts us in position to maximize our strengths."
Cleveland Cavaliers superstar LeBron James also took exception to the superteam moniker. After the Game 5 loss in the 2017 NBA Finals, he stated that he was never a part of a superteam.
"I don't believe I've played for a superteam," James said. "I don't believe in that. I don't believe we're a superteam here."
Golden State has a cumulative 207-39 record in the last three regular seasons. In his lone season with the team, Durant said it's the selflessness that stands out to him. He cited that, not just their talent, in explaining why the Warriors are so successful.
"We make each other better and it's not about who gets the credit," Durant said. "It's like, really just about having fun playing ball and let's see how we can win together and that alone just helps the ego. So, sorry I went on a little rant, but that's how I feel about the team. A lot of these guys beat the odds and came out and played a great brand of basketball and put the team first. That should be rewarded, and it did get rewarded with a championship."
Salisbury is a quiet, historic English provincial city. In fact, the Salisbury Cathedral is about 800 years old and boasts the tallest spire in England. Additionally, the wonderous prehistoric ring of massive stones at nearby Stonehenge make Salisbury a big tourist destination.
However, two weeks ago the ex-spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter were poisoned with a nerve agent in the center of town and now lie critically ill in the hospital. Now, Salisbury has become the focus of the world's attention.
"The world's media descended on Salisbury and it took awhile to get used to that," local radio presenter Martin Starke told ABC News.
Kommersant/Yuri Senatorov via Reuters
”People rely on us for trusted news," Martin, the host of a breakfast show on local radio station SpireFM, said. ”We report the things that the people of Salisbury need to know, we've not been sensationalist at all, our job is not to scare people.”
So are the people of Salisbury scared? Martin said that contrary to some national newspaper reports, Salisbury is not a city living in fear. People are being very British about things, he added and trying to carry on normally.
“Salisbury is very much open for business,” he said.
But there have been inconveniences, as the area around the city center is cordoned off and what was a 30-second walk in the area has now become a five-minute walk via numerous detours.
Businesses behind the cordons have suffered, too. Recently, it was Mother's Day, a busy time for the card shop and flower sellers. Both businesses in the city center were on the wrong side of the cordon, according to Martin, and the card shop was forced to close with the flower seller forced to move his stall where no one could find him.
Matt Cardy/Getty Images
After the attack, groups of people in hazmat suits suddenly became a common sight in Salisbury, according to Martin. To which, Martin said, people's reaction to this occurrence hasn't been completely one of fear, but more one of curiosity. While the rest of the world sees people in hazmat suits, the locals recognize their friends and neighbours zipped into the protective shells.
Everything becomes very personal for the people of Salisbury, including Nick Bailey, a first responder policeman who's recovering in the hospital after coming into contact with the nerve agent.
Sooner or later Salisbury will return to being the “quintessentially English city” as Martin described it. He said he believes there will be no negative effect on the tourism which the city needs to survive. If anything, it will put Salisbury on the map a bit more he suggested before adding, once again the city will be “the best place to get a cream tea.”
ISIS claims Istanbul attack, says it was done to take 'revenge' on Turkey.
Turkish media reported on Monday that the terrorist who killed 39 and wounded up to 150 more in a New Year's Eve shooting attack on Saturday night were ISIS terrorists.
"There are similarities between this terror attack and the one ISIS carried out in June at the airport in Atatürk," they said.
ISIS later took responsibility for the Istanbul terror attack, claiming it was carried out "to take revenge on Turkey, who serves the cross" and was done "for the sake of Allah's religion."
"After the blessed actions of the ISIS martyr against those in Turkey who observe the religion of the cross, when he destroyed them with hand grenades and bullets, and turned their joy into sadness, 150 people were killed and wounded in revenge for the sake of Allah's religion. The commander of the believers has ordered us to harm those who serve the cross, in Turkey," an ISIS statement read.
The statement also said the "heretical Turkish government should know Muslims spilled its blood with bombs from its planes...we will light more fires in the country with Allah's help."
The shooter who carried out the attack on an Istanbul nightclub has not yet been found, and authorities are still actively searching for him.
Four Israelis were at the nightclub at the time of the attack. Two were wounded and a third was killed.
Des Moines Register. April 13, 2017 We need true picture of campus sexual assault All of us have so much to learn about sexual assault on co…
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--The Worldcom Public Relations Group, the world's leading partnership of independently owned public relations firms, announced today the release of the Worldcom Confidence Index (CI) – the first annual report of the issues global CEOs and CMOs believe will most influence business success. The comprehensive survey of business leaders uncovered what they see as the biggest threats to achieving their plans. It also revealed a 43% increase in the number of business leaders planning to give employees the most attention in 2018 than did so in 2017.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005435/en/
This leap in attention for employees – the only audience to see an increase – seems to be driven by concerns over three main threats: government or legislative changes (#1 threat), lack of available talent (#2 threat) and cyber crime (#3 threat). It may also be a response to very low confidence levels when it comes to their ability to attract (2 nd the lowest CI Score) and retain (4 th the lowest CI Score) the best talent.
Employees have a crucial role in ensuring compliance with regulations and essential cyber protection practices. As a result, the Report's findings are a clear signal that leaders see employees as a vital ingredient for success. In fact, attracting the best talent ranked highest as the criteria that will have the most influence on success in 2018 – just ahead of the strength of the global economy. It was three times higher than disruptive competition, which declined to almost half its 2017 score.
Despite a lower than average confidence in ability to attract and retain the best talent, business leaders remain surprisingly optimistic about their ability to satisfy customers, rating it as their top source of optimism for 2018. However, leaders indicate only moderate confidence (CI Score of 26.4, 1.1 points above average) in ability to increase productivity by energizing and engaging employees.
“When you look at the data, you start to see some very interesting contradictions and inconsistencies which highlight global uncertainty,” said Todd Lynch, Managing Director Worldcom Public Relations Group. “As engaged employees are fundamental to delivering a great customer experience, the report suggests that leaders' confidence in the ability to satisfy customers might be misplaced if they struggle to retain their best talent. The combination of issues uncovered places the employee front and center for global businesses like never before. It is for this reason we believe 2018 will be the year of the employee.”
Available in its entirety at https://worldcomgroup.com/confidence-index., the Worldcom Confidence Index also highlights key issues and trends, and uncovers interesting differences in the confidence levels of respondents across 18 demographic categories, including business roles, ages, gender, business size, geographic presence and more. Highlights of the 2018 Confidence Index include:
Cyber Crime Concerns: Overall, business leaders are the least confident in their ability to protect their organization from cyber crime, and at least 50% more American companies than those in the other regions see cyber crime as the biggest threat. American Confidence: Organizations headquartered in America sit atop the Confidence Index with an overall score of 34.9/100, nearly nine points above the average and almost two and a half times the confidence score for Japan. Asian Hesitation: Organizations headquartered in Asia are at the bottom of the Confidence Index with an overall score of 19.1. Generation Gap: Confidence in the ability to both attract and keep the best talent declines significantly as leaders age. Brand Power: When compared to larger organizations, 71% more of smaller organizations think the ability to attract talent with the quality of their Employer Brand will have the most influence on business success in 2018. Unknown Course: Nearly one in 12 of all business leaders see global instability as the biggest threat to achieving their plans. Political Positivity: More than double the number of organizations from America (28%) than EMEA (13%) think the style of political leader communications positively impacts their optimism about growth potential. Mid-Market Squeeze: Midsize organizations are the least confident (along with smaller sized organizations) about their ability to protect their brand in the event of a crisis.
“The high-level challenges and opportunities identified in Worldcom's first global confidence survey provide the insights and knowledge necessary to help CMOs and CEOs make informed and knowledgeable decisions,” said Patrik Schober, Group Chair of the Global Board, Worldcom Public Relations Group. “We believe this report highlights what's on the C-suite's mind and focuses on the challenges and opportunities impacting their future actions and outcomes.”
The global report was conducted by two independent research companies, Research Now and 3Gem, and gathered responses via an online survey in six of the G7 countries (France, Germany, Italy, Japan, United Kingdom and the United States) as well as China. The methodology resulted in a total of 585 responses (167 America; 106 Asia; 312 EMEA) from leaders of all ages and business sizes.
The report concludes with an analysis of the issues and key recommendations that business leaders can implement to increase their probability of success in 2018.
About The Worldcom Public Relations Group
The Worldcom Public Relations Group is the world's leading partnership of independently owned public relations firms, with 143 offices employing some 2,000 staff in 115 cities across six continents. In total, Worldcom partners reported combined revenue of US$288 million last year from 3,034 clients. Established in 1988, the group was formed so that the strongest, most capable independent firms could deliver immediate impact and sustained value through the intelligent use of communications – wherever in the world a client needs support. Partners serve national, international and multinational clients, while retaining the flexibility and client-service focus inherent in independent agencies. Through Worldcom, clients have on-demand access to in-depth communications expertise from professionals who understand the language, culture and customs of the geographic areas in which they operate. www.worldcomgroup.com
Connect with Worldcom PR Group on Facebook and LinkedIn.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005435/en/
CONTACT: McGrath/Power Public Relations & Communications
Allyson Scott, 408-727-0351
AllysonScott@mcgrathpower.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NEW YORK
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: COMMUNICATIONS ADVERTISING MARKETING PUBLIC RELATIONS/INVESTOR RELATIONS
SOURCE: Worldcom Public Relations Group
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005435/en
BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) — Pekka Rinne stopped 35 shots for his eighth shutout of the season and the Nashville Predators set a franchise record by earning a point in their 15th consecutive game with a 4-0 win over the Buffalo Sabres on Monday night.
Mike Fisher and Ryan Johansen scored goals 4:34 apart in the second period, and Filip Forsberg and Ryan Hartman sealed the victory by scoring in the final four minutes.
The NHL-leading Predators improved to 14-0-1 in their past 15, and also extended their team-best road winning streak to nine straight.
Rinne won his 11th straight to match his personal best in a stretch in which he's allowed just 18 goals. The shutout was the 51st of his 12-year career and third in nine games.
And Rinne also improved to 40-9-4 in becoming the NHL's seventh goalie to win 40 games in a season three or more times.
The Predators haven't lost in regulation since a 3-1 defeat to Detroit at home on Feb. 17. And they improved to 12-0-3 in their past 15 road games since a 3-0 loss at Vegas on Jan. 2.
The Sabres were unable to build off a 5-3 win over Chicago on Saturday and lost in rookie coach Phil Housley's first meeting against his former team. The Hockey Hall of Fame defenseman spent the previous four seasons as a Predators assistant coach.
Buffalo ranks last in the Eastern Conference and had its NHL-worst home record drop to 11-21-5.
Minor-league call-up Linus Ullmark stopped 28 shots, starting in place of Robin Lehner, who was sidelined with an undisclosed injury.
Ullmark had little chance on Fisher's goal that opened the scoring 12:29 into the second period.
Fisher and teammate Scott Hartnell were both parked in front when Fisher deflected in Mikka Salomaki's shot from the blue line. The Sabres challenged the goal by arguing Fisher interfered with Ullmark. The goal was allowed to stand despite a replay showing Fisher nudged the back of Ullmark's skate in the crease and also got a hand on the goalie's glove.
There was no disputing Johansen's goal. Ullmark stopped Viktor Arvidsson's initial shot from the right circle. The rebound fell at Ullmark's his feet where Forsberg chipped the puck to Johansen, who snapped it in the open left side.
The first period was lively with both teams putting their speed on display.
Arvidsson nearly scored 7 seconds in on a breakaway off the opening faceoff.
Buffalo's Jack Eichel burst up the left side and behind the Predators defense to drive across the crease only to have his shot stopped by Rinne's left pad. Rinne also got an assist from Kevin Fiala who got his stick out to stop Justin Bailey's attempt to tap in a bouncing puck in the crease.
NOTES: Rinne joined a list of three-time 40-game winners led by former New Jersey goalie Martin Broduer, who reached the milestone eight times. Washington's Braden Holtby is the only other active goalie to win 40 games three times. The other three-time 40-game-winners were Terry Sawchuk, Jacques Plante, Mikka Kiprusoff and Evgeni Nabokov. ... Sabres RW Kyle Okposo returned after missing three games with a concussion. ... With 10 games left, the Predators inched closer to matching franchise records for most wins (51) and points (110) set in 2006-07.
UP NEXT
Predators: Host Toronto Maple Leafs on Thursday.
Sabres: Host Arizona Coyotes on Wednesday in matchup of NHL's two worst teams.
___
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
LISBON, Portugal (AP) — Portugal's government has proved its critics wrong, slashing the debt-heavy country's budget deficit to its lowest level in more than 40 years despite warnings that its anti-austerity policies could spell financial disaster.
Finance Minister Mario Centeno said Wednesday the deficit last year was no higher than 2.1 percent — well within the 2.5 percent ceiling stipulated by European authorities.
Some other eurozone countries expressed alarm when the center-left Socialist government, with the support of the Communist Party and Left Bloc, took power in 2015 on an anti-austerity platform.
Portugal needed a 78-billion euro ($82 billion) bailout in 2011, after recording a deficit of more than 11 percent the previous year, and eurozone officials feared it could go into another debt spiral under the Socialists.
FX
A review of tonight's Fargo coming up just as soon as I loved you in Death of a Salesman…
“You think the world is something, then it turns out to be something else.” –Gloria
Boy, that was good, wasn't it?
I've had concerns throughout this season that Noah Hawley and company were repeating themselves too much, and/or that most of the characters this year hadn't come to life in the way their predecessors in Bemidji and Luverne so quickly did. There have been entire episodes, or narrative devices, or scenes, that gave me the same jolt of pleasure that earlier installments did, but something on the whole has been missing.
“Aporia,” though, had that same thrilling feeling of everything coming together that we got at this rough point in prior years, while also making several key players feel more complex, sympathetic, and just plain human than before.
In particular, a lot of this season had felt like a missed opportunity for the show with both Carrie Coon, who wasn't given a lot to play most weeks, and Ewan McGregor, who was given two different characters who each felt thin and stereotypical in their own ways. But “Aporia” did very right by both of them, particularly for McGregor in the pair of Gloria/Emmit conversations in the interview room. Emmit's confession was the realest, most three-dimensional, and tragic that he's seemed, and his last line — “Thirty years, I've been killing him. That was just when he fell.” — was both beautiful and gut-wrenching. Ray was right all along, and it took his stupid, accidental death for Emmit to finally admit it to himself and an authority figure. And the later scene where Gloria lets him go, and comes achingly close to getting him to tell her about Varga, nicely fit the season's larger themes of a world that has stopped making sense, even to the people ostensibly in power like Gloria (a cop) or Emmit (a rich and respected businessman). Both have wound up alone — though Emmit is more at fault for his predicament than Gloria for hers — and confused and unhappy, neither of them seemingly able to do anything about the pernicious evil of VM Varga.
This started as a season about brothers, and while one is gone, it has continued to be built around conversations between two people — even silent ones, like the way Nikki and Wrench are a well-oiled machine as they steal Varga's truck and pick it clean. Both Gloria/Emmit discussions are wonderful, but just as satisfying is Nikki fending off every one of Varga's insults and countermoves, or Gloria trying and failing to penetrate the Widow Goldfarb's defenses, or Winnie trying to comfort Gloria. That last scene, and the one in the bathroom that follows — the sink and soap sensors finally recognizing Gloria because Winnie so openly and overtly recognized and cared for her at the bar — were particularly delightful, and a reminder that this is a fundamentally good-hearted show, despite all the mayhem and graphic violence, and that even in a season about how the old rules don't quite apply anymore, things can still turn out okay for the heroes.
This was also one of the season's best-looking episodes, thanks in large part to director Keith Gordon(*) finding gorgeous ways to frame particular images, from the hall of mirrors effect in the interview room to all the Varga doppelgangers swooping through the hotel lobby to Gloria gratefully studying her own reflection, so relieved to disprove the fan theory that she's not real.
(*) Gordon has a rare Peak TV trifecta this spring, having also helmed episodes of The Leftovers and Better Call Saul.
NEW YORK (AP) — Jaroslav Halak made 31 saves after getting a vote of confidence from his coach, and the New York Islanders beat the Washington Capitals 3-1 on Monday night to snap a three-game winless streak.
Brock Nelson, Andrew Ladd and John Tavares scored goals for the Islanders, who built a 3-0 lead early in the second period and ended Washington's four-game winning streak.
It was the second time this season that Halak held an opponent to a single goal and the third time New York has allowed one goal as a team. Halak's strong performance came after coach Doug Weight sternly defended his goaltenders following the team's skate Monday morning. New York was 1-3-1 over its last five games.
Braden Holtby made nine saves for the Capitals before being pulled after the Islanders scored their third goal 1:34 into the second period.
JETS 5, CANUCKS 1
WINNIPEG, Manitoba (AP) — Mathieu Perreault scored two goals and added an assist to help Winnipeg halt a three-game losing streak by beating Vancouver.
The win was the Jets' seventh straight victory at home and they have points in their last 11 games (10-0-1) at Bell MTS Place.
The Canucks have lost three straight in regulation for the first time this season.
Dmitry Kulikov, Josh Morrissey and Nikolaj Ehlers also scored for Winnipeg (18-8-5). Ehlers' 14th of the season was on the power play and gave him goals in three straight games.
Brock Boeser scored his team-leading 16th goal for the Canucks. He also extended his goal-scoring streak to three games.
Connor Hellebuyck made 25 saves for Winnipeg.
AVALANCHE 2, PENGUINS 1
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Jonathan Bernier stopped 39 shots and Mark Barberio scored in the third period, helping Colorado top Pittsburgh.
Blake Comeau added an empty-netter against his former team as Colorado won its second straight after a string of six losses in seven games. It was Comeau's seventh of the season.
Barberio put the Avalanche ahead to stay 6:17 into the third. His slap shot off the rush hit Pittsburgh forward Riley Sheahan in front and got past goaltender Tristan Jarry.
Bernier was on track for his second shutout of the season before Phil Kessel scored his team-best 15th goal for Pittsburgh at 19:48. Bernier beat the Penguins for just the second time in 10 career games.
Kessel has points in 25 of 32 games this season and eight straight home games, his longest streak since joining the Penguins.
Pittsburgh lost for the third time in four games following a four-game winning streak.
STARS 2, RANGERS 1, SO
NEW YORK (AP) — Jason Spezza scored in the shootout, and Dallas snapped a three-game losing streak by defeating New York.
Kari Lehtonen made 24 saves for Dallas in the opener of its four-game East Coast road trip against the Metropolitan Division. Julius Honka scored in the second period.
The Stars had a 1-0 lead before Rick Nash tied it for the Rangers when he tipped in Brady Skjei's wrist shot with 3:41 left in regulation. Nash made contact with Lehtonen but the Stars goalie was well outside the blue paint. Coach Ken Hitchcock challenged the play, but the referees ruled there was no goaltender interference.
Honka drove a slap shot past Ondrej Pavelec at 6:30 of the second for his first of the season. The 2014 first-round pick rejoined the lineup after sitting for the previous three games.
Pavelec finished with 44 saves, keeping New York in the game.
PANTHERS 2, RED WINGS 1, OT
DETROIT (AP) — Mike Matheson scored his first goal of the season, and Florida beat Detroit to win in overtime for the first time this season.
Matheson drove the rebound of a Nick Bjugstad shot into the net behind Detroit goalie Jimmy Howard at the 2:02 mark of overtime for the winner. Florida improved to 1-2 in OT, rallying from a 1-0 third-period deficit.
Vincent Trocheck also scored for the Panthers, while Henrik Zetterberg scored for the Wings, who are 0-5 in overtime.
Ending a 22-game goal drought, Zetterberg opened the scoring at the 18:27 mark of the first period.
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — The Latest on Cynthia Nixon running for New York governor (all times local):
5:55 p.m.
A spokesman for Gov. Andrew Cuomo is responding to the gubernatorial candidacy of liberal activist Cynthia Nixon by saying Cuomo has delivered more progressive wins than any other Democrat in the country.
Former "Sex and the City" star Nixon tweeted Monday that she'll challenge Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September. In a campaign video, the public education advocate said, "We want our government to work again."
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the "anti-Trump party."
Cuomo's campaign said the two-term governor's progressive wins include legalized gay marriage, tough gun laws, a $15 minimum wage, expanded school funding and a ban on a drilling technique known as fracking.
___
2:22 p.m.
Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Her announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
In a video on Twitter, the public education advocate said, "We want our government to work again."
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the "anti-Trump party."
The 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three is an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues.
The 60-year-old Cuomo was favored 66 percent to 19 percent over Nixon in a recent Siena College poll.
Childhood dreams finally came true last month when the American crayon company Crayola announced its new makeup line, Crayola Beauty. The company launched their new offering in collaboration with ASOS, the popular online shopping site. The 58-piece makeup collection include products ranging from lipsticks and mascaras to eyeshadow palettes and makeup brushes. Say goodbye to your old colouring books because now you can paint, smudge and colour within the lines of your own face!
The collection's multi-use face crayons are probably the greatest feature of the line. Sticking to its beloved classic look, the packaging will take you back to your kindergarten days with the charminggreen and yellow boxes. And it doesn't stop there! Even the names of the colours may sound familiar. With names like Dusty Rose, Tumbleweed, Outer Space and Fuzzy Wuzzy, the beauty line salutes previous popular shades.
In eye-popping and vibrant colours, the highly-pigmented and ultra creamy colouring sticks can be used on every shade of skin tone. Upholding its encouragement of creativity, the Crayola Beauty line also allows for a variety of diverse makeup looks. These products are the best tools to try out something stunning and unexpected.
Vegan and Cruelty Free
Crayola Beauty also proudly announces its products as 100% vegan and cruelty-free! Exclusively available on the ASOS website, make sure you check out this makeup line to fearlessly experiment new looks and release the inner kid inside of you!
Leighton Buzzard has been turned into a winter wonderland, but while many have been out enjoying the snow, it has also caused widespread disruption.
Arriving in the early hours of Sunday morning, the snow gave families the chance to chill out in the wintry weather, but it also proved challenging for those with organised events, or who needed to travel in treacherous conditions.
Ruby Brench, aged 5, at the Christmas tree in Leighton Buzzard high street
Leighton Buzzard Narrow Gauge Railway's Santa Special trains were cancelled yesterday with a spokesman saying: “It's the first time the weather has stopped our trains in 50 years! We will be contacting all pre-booked customers during the coming few days to advise of rebooking and refund options, so please bear with us.”
And the Leighton Linslade Rotary Club's Santa float trip to the Brooklands area was put on ice, although he is aiming to try again on December 19.
Staff at Rushmere Country Park in Heath and Reach had to close down the site yesterday too with the Christmas Crafts and Curios event and a planned performance by the Heath Band a victim of the weather.
Bedfordshire Police said it had received a large number of calls about collisions across the county and that a number of roads were blocked due to the weather. This included Heath Road near Sandy Lane due to a dangerous tree.
Neville Styles says his chickens weren't impressed
Emergency services were also called to a car in a ditch at 4.40pm on Sunday on the A4146 between Galley Lane, Great Brickhill, and Stoke Road, Stoke Hammond.
And today, the majority of schools in the Leighton Buzzard have been closed, although some lower schools and nurseries have managed to stay open. Check out the list here https://www.centralbedfordshire.gov.uk/webApps/SOS/
Send you snow photos and snow stories to news@lbobserver.co.uk
Oscar Smith enjoys the fun!
Jane Hill's rabbit Jack enjoying the snow for the first time
Photographer Natalie J Watts captured this image of All Saints Church (www.nataliejweddings.com)
Daniel Phelan photo of Vicarage Road, Linslade
US Defence Secretary James Mattis addresses the press at NATO headquarters in Brussels on February 15, 2017 (AFP Photo/EMMANUEL DUNAND)
Brussels (AFP) - US Defence Secretary James Mattis hailed NATO as the "fundamental bedrock" of transatlantic security as he sought to reassure allies Wednesday about President Donald Trump's committment to the alliance.
Mattis, who has been on the job less than a month, spoke as a scandal over White House officials' ties to Russia gripped the Trump presidency and claimed the job of the national security adviser.
"The alliance remains a fundamental bedrock for the United States and for all the transatlantic community, bonded as we are together," Mattis said as he met his counterparts in Brussels for the first time.
"As President Trump has stated, he has strong support for NATO," said Mattis, a former Marine general who has himself previously served with NATO.
Mattis however stressed that the Trump administration, like the Obama administration before it, expected NATO allies to boost their defence spending.
"It's a fair demand that all who benefit from the best defence in the world carry their proportionate share of the necessary cost to defend freedom," he added.
The 28-member organization is trying to portray unity after Trump's previous comments that the alliance was "obsolete."
- 'Transatlantic unity' -
Since his inauguration, Trump has taken a more orthodox stance on NATO and reaffirmed long-standing US commitment to the alliance.
Mattis has consistently voiced support for NATO and has been tougher on Russia than his boss, whose views worry the alliance's eastern European member states in particular.
But Mattis's visit has been overshadowed by the resignation of Trump's national security adviser Michael Flynn over allegations he had discussed US sanctions with Russia's ambassador before taking office.
NATO chief Stoltenberg insisted the Flynn scandal was not a further cause for concern for the alliance, which has underpinned transatlantic security since the aftermath of World War II.
"I am absolutely certain that the message from this meeting will be a message of transatlantic unity," Stoltenberg said when asked about Flynn's resignation.
Stoltenberg said the ministers will also stress "the importance that we stand together and protect each other and a very strong commitment of the United States to NATO."
Mattis said on the flight to Brussels that Flynn's departure would have "no impact" on the US message to NATO.
- Defence spending priority -
Mattis meanwhile praised the alliance for its enduring help for the United States in Afghanistan. "This has been the most successful alliance in military history," he said.
Also hanging over the meeting was a New York Times report that Moscow had deployed a new cruise missile, raising fears it would violate the Intermediate Range Nuclear Forces Treaty (INF).
Like the US State Department, the NATO chief said he would not comment on intelligence matters but warned that "any non-compliance of Russia with the INF treaty would be of serious concern for the alliance."
Despite the message of unity, Mattis is still set to push the rest of the 28-nation group to meet their increased military spending pledges, despite many in Europe facing hard economic times.
In a sign that the Trump administration's pressure on the issue is bearing fruit, Stoltenberg said on the eve of the meeting that boosting spending was a top priority.
"The most important thing is that we increase defence spending and that is exactly what we are doing," Stoltenberg told reporters at alliance headquarters.
Stoltenberg said the alliance in 2015 had stopped military budget cuts and last year actually increased spending by 3.8 percent, or $10 billion, but still needs to do more.
Washington has long insisted that NATO members should spend two percent of their GDP on defence, a goal that few meets despite agreeing on it at a summit in Wales in 2014.
NATO leaders are expected to meet Trump for the first time at a summit in Brussels on May 25.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Don't wait till spring. Getting your garden going now will give you a head start for the rest of the year
A lot of good things accompany the arrival of spring: lighter mornings, warmer temperatures – and the unveiling of a garden neglected during those long, dark winter days. This is often followed by a panicked call to a professional, whose calendar is already filling up fast. That's why, to ensure your outdoor space is ready for the months during which you can enjoy it, plan­ning and preparation should start now, say the experts.
“Winter is actually a great time to be building gardens, and even here in Scotland it's amazing how infrequently bad weather slows progress on site,” says Nick Starnes of Stephen Ogilvie Garden Design. “Dry-stone walling is a good winter project, as is tree and hedge planting – bare-root plants are readily available at this time of year and will thrive if planted correctly.”
There are things you definitely should be doing in the colder months. “Tidy fallen leaves into the compost bin,” says Kirsty McLean of the Garden Design Company Scotland Ltd. “If you don't have a compost bin, just pop them into refuse bags, making holes in the plastic to aerate the leaves as they compost. Give the bags a shake every so often, and you will have a great leaf-mould compost to use on your borders next year.”
She also suggests treating paving with a biodegradable anti-algae prepara­tion: “Once it has dried, give it a good stiff brush. This will help to prepare it for spring and make it less slippery during the wet months.” She also has useful advice when it comes to prepping paths for the weather: “Don't use salt on paving stones when it's frosty or icy – these can stain the surface. Use a urea-based ice-melting product instead – there are plenty to choose from.”
Garden furniture needs attention too. “Most outdoor products are not made with a harsh Scottish winter in mind, so store these indoors,” says Moleta Munro's Justin Baddon. “Before you put them into storage, give them a quick clean with soapy water – this will help to prevent any long-term stains.” Dry the furniture carefully and store in a weatherproof garage or shed. “If you don't have such a space, cover the furniture with a waterproof tarpaulin and then rope this down so winter storms don't blow it away.”
What most of us really miss at this time of year is the bright colour of summer flowers. But, with carefully considered planting, it is possible to have a touch of colour in every season, says Lisa Lempsink of Lempsink Garden Design. “Ornamental grasses have come a long way from the 1970s Pampas grass,” she says. “Try Festuca glauca ‘Elijah Blue' and Panicum virgatum ‘Heavy Metal' for an instant hit of colour. If you're not sure, ask – good nurseries will always give suggestions about what to choose, so let them help.”
If your plans include building a garden room, start now by deciding what you need. “The first thing to consider is what you propose to do with your garden room, as this will dictate its size, as will, of course, the amount of space you have available,” says John Langley of JML Garden Rooms. Will there be access for building materials? “Our garden rooms are uniquely built using panels known as SIPs, which can easily be carried through the house if access is otherwise impossible,” says Langley. “We work alongside many garden designers too, and it's always great to liaise with them as early on in the project as possible.”
Knowing early on exactly what you want is also the advice of Victoria Murray of Mozolowski & Murray. “It is important to have a clear understanding of what you hope to achieve, as well as knowing your spending limit,” she says. “Your budget, which should be communicated from the outset, will determine the design, size, materials and optional features, and will allow a garden structure to be created without compromising on quality.”
It's not always necessary, but you may need planning permission; if this is the case, apply as soon as possible. “A luxury Mozolowski & Murray garden room can be completed in just three weeks – but if permission is required, it can take up to 12 weeks to secure before the project can begin,” says Murray. “Our fully integrated service means we take care of all the necessary permis­sions, which gives our clients peace of mind.”
So, heed the advice of those in the know: start prep­ping and planning now and you'll be relaxing in a beauti­ful outdoor space as soon as the sunshine reappears.
Pot luck
Getty Image
The NBA released the full schedule for the 2017-18 regular season on Monday, as all 30 teams learned when they would play their 82 games next season. As always, there are games that jump out at you off of the schedule, and the folks at the NBA know this and try to position those games to be broadcast by their national TV partners.
The NBA has loaded up holidays like Christmas Day and Martin Luther King Jr. Day with huge matchups, and ABC's primetime Saturday night broadcasts will return once again in 2018.
The teams that occupy those coveted national television broadcasts the most don't surprise anyone. The Warriors, Rockets, and Cavaliers top the list with 43, 40, and 39 nationally televised games a piece, while the Thunder (37), Lakers (35), and Celtics (34) are all close behind. The Lakers would be the biggest surprise from a team success standpoint, but the addition of Lonzo Ball to the squad and their status as one of the NBA's biggest box office draws earns them plenty of national TV time. At the bottom of the list are the Hawks and Nets, which each have two national TV games, both of which coming on NBA TV.
You can check out the full alphabetical list of teams, with how many national TV games they will play and on what networks, since not all nationally televised games are created equally.
TEMPE, Arizona (AP) — Mike Scioscia has been the Angels' manager since the 20th century, way back when Anaheim was at the front of the club's official name instead of the back. He has been a constant in Orange County since long before its housewives had a reality show.
Scioscia is the longest-tenured manager in baseball by seven years as he heads into his 18th season with the Angels. He realizes that such faith in a leader is positively remarkable in professional sports, and he enters every Cactus League campaign with a determination to justify it.
"Believe me, I don't take this opportunity for granted," Scioscia said Tuesday after the Angels' pitchers and catchers reported to Tempe Diablo Stadium. "I know it's a long time, and I love it. (We're) going to keep moving toward that championship. I think it starts with when you have ownership that commits to putting good teams out there, and I think this year is a good example."
The Angels are coming back from a 74-88 season in 2016, the worst of Scioscia's tenure. He realizes other managers of his vintage likely would have been in trouble, even given the Angels' brutal series of pitching injuries last summer.
But owner Arte Moreno has remained steadfastly behind his only bench boss since he bought the team in early 2003, several months after Scioscia won the franchise's only World Series title. And Scioscia is still firmly committed to the sometimes frustrating job of running the big-budget Angels, who didn't make any headline-grabbing offseason signings while general manager Billy Eppler continues to grapple with a payroll limited by past years of lavish free-agent deals.
Instead of worrying about what he doesn't have, Scioscia is clearly thrilled by his next challenge: Assembling the good players from last season's team and a handful of experienced newcomers around AL MVP Mike Trout to build something new and exciting.
"I absolutely love it," Scioscia said. "I love the challenges. I love our staff. I love our team, and that gives you the inspiration to go on and continue to try to achieve. I don't take that lightly, and when we don't achieve, I take that hard, and it's been an incredible opportunity."
Scioscia has been the Angels' manager for seven seasons longer than the San Francisco Giants tenure of Bruce Bochy, the second-longest tenured manager. Only Gregg Popovich and Bill Belichick — hired by the Patriots two months after the Angels landed Scioscia — have comparable longevity in major North American pro sports.
Popovich, Belichick and Bochy all have a few more rings than Scioscia, but the Angels have been a steady winner for most of his tenure. He is 10 wins away from 1,500 in his career, which will make him the 22nd manager to hit the milestone.
He should do it early in the season, but not much else is certain for a franchise hoping for a quick return to the pennant race after last season's stumbles — and that's part of the fun for Scioscia. He must figure out what to keep from last season's rotation, which lost nearly every starter to a significant injury at some point, and who will fill out the bullpen behind relievers Huston Street and Cam Bedrosian, who also are returning from injuries.
"I don't think there's anybody that's going to look at last year as a group of guys that underachieved, because that's not what happened," Scioscia said. "These guys played their hearts out, and a lot of the young kids that came up to pitch their hearts out, and that was inspiring for a lot of us."
NOTES: Albert Pujols is already in camp and doing everything but running, the slugger said. He remains hopeful of returning from foot surgery in time for opening day, but the Angels won't know for sure until shortly before then. ... Scioscia is eager to monitor the progress of RHP Garrett Richards, who told reporters he expects to have a pitch limit in his return from nearly a full year of rest and rehabilitation for a strained elbow ligament. Richards had platelet-rich plasma injections in an effort to avoid Tommy John surgery.
Unsplash/UPROXX
The other day I went to a popular restaurant in my neighborhood, which is a thing I like to do sometimes because supporting local businesses is important and also I am hopeless in the kitchen and one time a fire truck had to be called when I was making fried eggs (which, up to that point, I'd considered myself swell at). I was feeling pretty great for a reason I can't remember, so when the hostess announced that she could seat my friend and me “right now!” I saw it as the universe offering a sly wink and saying “You know what, buddy? You deserve this.”
“I do deserve this,” I thought, as I proudly marched to the back of the dining room and up a flight of stairs to a new and exciting level of the restaurant that I'd never been to before. This victory seemed like a very reasonable, nice thing and though I don't believe that I deserve the finest things in life like big houses and huge cars and to win the lottery, I'm okay with believing that I have somehow earned the right to sit at a table and order too many appetizers without having to put my name on a list.
It was only when I noticed that we were being followed by the man who had entered the restaurant behind us — a man who, from the phone call I casually/deliberately overheard, was waiting for a Tinder date he was only 60 percent sure would arrive — that I started to worry. “Should I say something?” I thought, having a tiny existential crisis (which is another thing I do but is less fun than supporting local businesses and something my therapist says I should work real hard to stop). Should I say, “The guy's not with us” — even though that would be rude to point out and the dude was already in an emotionally precarious situation?
Then we came to the table and I realized that the world is an unkind place that will promise you things but then rudely strip them away from you: The man was walking with us because we were all being led to the same tall communal table, where we would be expected to perch on stools, break bread with stranger(s?), remark how wonderful it is to be living in a city where community is just so important, and then keep our conversations to a polite hush so as not to disturb anyone's date/gentle weeping when that date doesn't show.
I felt betrayed. And wronged. And every other word people use at the end of Lifetime movies when they've been unmasked as the killer and have to justify exactly why it is that they (Daryl Hannah) set up a fake social media account to stalk and harass their daughter (Kirsten Prout) so that she'd have too much anxiety to go to college and would stay at home forever (or die). I felt all of those things. And as I looked around helplessly, trying to find a way out of our communal situation without hurting this dude's feelings — I'm responsible for someone else's feelings now? I just wanted to have dinner! — I had an important thought that I would like to share with you now:
Communal tables are trash. They are garbage. And there is literally no reason to have them because I have never met one person who likes them and I ask every person I meet about their feelings on restaurant seating arrangements. If you're a restaurateur, you can totally just trust me on this and not waste any more time or money on market research.
Listen: Communal tables have got to go. They must. They're cool on Game of Thrones (although very dangerous) and a delight in theory (so many interesting people to meet in our big, brave, beautiful world), but when you get right down to it, no one is leaving their unexpected dinner with strangers with anything more than a take-out box and a bad attitude.
AARP Tax Counseling for the elderly is offering free income tax preparation for low to moderate income taxpayers at the Dana Point Senior Center on Thursdays from 9 a.m.-1 p.m. until April 13.
All ages are welcome, and people don't have to reside in Dana Point to utilize the free service.
For more information, or to schedule an appointment, call 949.496.4252. Taxpayers can call 1.800.227.7669 and enter their zip code to find their nearest tax preparation site.
The Senior Center is located at 34052 Del Obispo Street, Dana Point.
Tyler Duncan chipped in from the fringe for eagle on the par-5 18th hole Friday to take the second-round lead in the season-opening Safeway Open.
Making his second career PGA Tour start, Duncan shot a 6-under 66 for a one-stroke lead over defending champion Brendan Steele at Silverado Resort and Spa.
Duncan, the Web.com Tour graduate who shared the first-round lead with Steele and Tom Hoge, also had seven birdies and three bogeys to reach 13-under 131.
"It's crazy, it's nothing I could have ever dreamed of," said Duncan, whose only other PGA Tour event was as a regional qualifier in the 2015 U.S. Open. "I don't think it's sunk in yet, to be honest. It's something I've dreamed about for a long time. I'm just happy to be playing here and to be in the lead is something special."
Steele had six birdies and a bogey in a 67. He's 30 under is his past six rounds in the event.
"It was really a solid day, very similar to yesterday," Steele said. "I hit a lot of good shots, rolled and a lot of good putts and was able to watch Chesson go crazy."
Chesson Hadley, who began the second round seven shots behind the leaders, broke the course record with a career-best 61 to get within two strokes. He parred the final two holes.
"It's just one of those days everything was going my way," said Hadley, the 2014 Puerto Rico Open winner who regained his tour card through the Web.com Tour. "I was hitting great shots, good putts and got some good breaks. When you get that of momentum, things just go your way.
He had an eagle, 10 birdies and a bogey. His previous career best was a 64 in the opening round of the 2015 AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am.
Zac Blair (66) and Tony Finau (65) were 9 under, and Graham DeLaet (67) and Brian Davis (66) were another stroke back.
"I just had a lot of good looks," said Blair, who doesn't have a bogey through 36 holes. "I made 17 greens out there, left myself in some good spots, made a few of them and it was just kind of easy out there."
Emiliano Grillo, who won the event two years ago, was 7 under after a 70
Phil Mickelson, seeking his first win in since 2013, shot his second 69 to reach 6 under.
"I expected to score a little bit better today, but I had some good chances today," said Mickelson, who had six birdies, one bogey and a double bogey. "I drove it a lot better, I hit quite a few more fairways and gave myself some good birdie chances. But I let a few opportunities slide."
Mickelson, playing in his 91st PGA Tour event since his last win, finished eighth in the tournament last year and has six straight rounds in the 60s at Silverado.
"A low round is out there," said Mickelson, who birdied three straight holes after double-bogeying the 14th — his fifth hole of the day. "I feel like I'm getting close to it."
John Daly, the two-time major winner who in May won his first PGA Tour Champions title and is playing via a sponsor exemption, birdied the 18th for second-round 69 to make the 1-under cut at 143. Daly had missed the cuts in his past 12 PGA Tour events.
ELIZABETHTON, TN (WJHL) – Have you been looking for a furry, new companion?
The Elizabethton-Carter County Animal Shelter will be waiving all adoption fees for dogs and cats starting Friday through June 24, during the shelter's “Dog Days and Cool Cats of Summer” event.
Dogs adopted can also be spayed or neutered at no cost to the new owner.
The event was made possible by two sponsors who donated the money for the animals' fees to be covered.
With the shelter being over capacity, Animal Shelter Director Shannon Posada said these animals need to find homes to allow more animals to come into the shelter.
“It's really important that we get our animals out into forever, loving homes,” Posada said. “That will allow us to keep … taking animals as needed.”
The animals shelter's hours are 12 p.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Saturday.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
HOLLAND, Mich. (AP) — Former Republican Congressman Pete Hoekstra (HUK'-struh) is the new U.S. ambassador to the Netherlands.
White House spokeswoman Vanessa Morrone says Hoekstra was sworn on Monday afternoon by Vice President Mike Pence.
Hoekstra was confirmed last month by the U.S. Senate. He previously served as chair of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and was the ranking Republican on the Committee until 2011.
First elected to Congress in 1992, Hoekstra was born in the Netherlands and moved to the U.S. with his family when he was 3. He was an executive with Michigan-based office furniture maker Herman Miller and later ran unsuccessful campaigns for Michigan governor and U.S. Senate.
President Donald Trump nominated Hoekstra for the ambassador post earlier this year.
Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay faces the men she rejected
Rachel Lindsay faces off with former suitor Lee and discusses her "opportunity to be a spokesperson for African Americans [and] women" during the show's "The Men Tell All" episode.
Image via Jim Cooke/GMG
When I was in my early twenties I dated a guy who was just a nightmare. He played games with my mind, going back and forth between making me feel like I was the best thing ever and then making me think I made him sick to his stomach. Emotionally, I was a wreck. But things never got physical. Except once. We fought, punches were thrown and I left his apartment in tears. My roommates found out and told my parents. My parents confronted me over it; I told them it was overblown and not a big deal and they never brought it up again.
Considering that experience, I'm surprised I never talked to my step-daughter Lauren about abuse.
Advertisement
I started out writing this column thinking that I did a great job talking to Lauren about sex and relationships. Over the last few topics we've discussed, I realize I wasn't as great about it as I thought I was. I didn't mind talking about the nuts and bolts of sex. (This is the labia!) But I stopped short of a lot of the things that also matter—understanding orgasms and how to understand abuse and sexual assault. I was fine with the birds and the bees—not so much about the nitty gritty business.
So finally, I talked to Lauren about her thoughts on why we never discussed domestic violence, why emotional abuse is much more rampant in her circle and—as always—why social media makes it all so much worse.
I never talked to you about domestic violence.
Nope, we never discussed it!
Why do you think I didn't bring it up?
I think you thought it was a Thing that didn't need to be said because of course that's not okay. Which of course, is not how that works.
Exactly.
I think it was based on assumption. Also, we talked about general Not Okay Abuse stuff. Like bullies and stuff. And you probably felt like domestic violence was in that category.
Before we move on, do we need to break out physical abuse from emotional abuse?
Well, we can't privilege one over the other. But we can usually see physical abuse while it's hard to gauge how impactful emotional stuff can be. Even when it's your own self being abused.
Have you ever been physically abused by a partner?
Physically? No. Never. I've experienced emotional abuse.
What about your friends—what you know, of course.
I don't think so. Wait. I do have two friends who were raped in a relationship. That's physical abuse. And I know people in relationships where sexual things got out of hand in a physical way. All of that is abuse.
Did these people leave the relationship?
No. I think intentionality helps to classify this stuff. If you feel like this is something that could be discussed and you can figure out how and why it happened… Maybe…
Advertisement
One time, long long ago, your dad and I were sitting on the sofa about to eat dinner. He was being goofy and kept plucking me. I was not amused and I asked him numerous times to stop. He kept laughing and plucking me. I was pissed. Now, this was by no means a painful pluck.
Right, this was Dad being Dad.
And acting like a twelve year old. But I was still completely over it. So, I finally got fed up and jumped up off the couch to leave. He put his hand in the waistband of my jeans and yanked me back down to the couch. He said something like; Ha! You're not going anywhere! Now I feel like I can't escape this stupid goofy shit. And I'm further pissed. And I specifically remember feeling like—not fearful. But just incensed at not being able to remove myself from the situation. I was not physically strong enough to stand up and walk away! So I stood up quickly with my plate of my pasta—it was hot—and I smacked the plate into his face.
Whoa.
I heard him do this sort of half yell half growl and I hauled ass to the bathroom and he made it there right as I locked the door. He banged on the door and told me to come out and I stayed there.
And then?
I have no idea. I know within an hour we were laughing about it. And for the next fifteen years it was a classic scenario we laughed about.
And of course Dad is nowhere near—
Right. He's not the one to ever physically abuse anyone. But you hear how the story sounds right? It could have ended quite differently. I dismiss it—both then and now—as a one off situation that got more heated than necessary. I never smacked him in the face with hot pasta again—but he also gave me my space and never plucked me again either.
I guess you need to take things into context. Feeling scared or fearful is not okay of course. I guess there are some situations you can recover from and not categorize it as abuse?
Lauren, if you were dating a guy for a year, which is how long your dad and I had been dating at the time and you told me the same story and asked for advice. I'd say, BAIL LAUREN BAIL!
Right, but if I told you I truly felt like it was a one-off and that he apologized—Oh wait. Yeah, that sounds like any other abusive situation.
Advertisement
Exactly. He yanked me down to the sofa and told me not to move. He knew I was really upset. I threw a plate of food at him and he gets pissed and chased me into the bathroom and I stayed there until he cooled off. But it's totally fine now, I swear!
Right. Jeesh.
That wasn't an abusive act on the part of your dad. But I have eighteen years of knowing him to understand that. Now, emotional abuse. You said you've experienced it?
Yeah, in a few ways, mainly gaslighting.
Explain to me how gaslighting works. I've been hearing it a lot more lately.
It's like, you confront your partner on something and they make it all about them and manipulate you into thinking not only that you're incorrect—but you're the one causing harm.
Give me an example.
My friend saw a hickey on her partner's neck and confronted him. He said it was a rash. But then it became this whole thing. He made her feel like she ruined their whole day together and then it became about how she just wasn't a good partner overall.
What happened to just dealing with a good-old-fashioned liar?
They're out there. But it might not necessarily be emotional abuse.
Gaslighting feels like it's coming from a seriously evil person!
Depends on the person. I've done it too.
Oh. In what instances have you done it?
When the person has done it to me! But, that's no excuse. Wrong is wrong. Emotional abuse is serious. It's not just lying or the regular ways we can disappoint or even hurt our partners. It's continual manipulation when you specifically want to hurt someone. Like, that's the goal.
And you're dealing with this?
Yeah. Actually, I have to check myself about the ways I'm conditioned to expect the worse in a relationship.
Are you catching these signs?
Sometimes. But even when I do catch it. I don't always do something about it. Like, when people play those games with contacting. Like texting and stuff.
Can that be considered emotional abuse?
Maybe not at first. But if you're dating someone who plays that stupid I'll-wait-this-long before calling or texting—they're showing you who they are. I need to walk away from dudes who are into that stuff. But sometimes I still make that call or send that text….
This sounds like Derrick.
Oh god, please.
Now, I'm seeing a place where I could have possibly had these conversations with you.
I think you did actually. I know you hated Derrick. Mom and Dad did too.
He was emotionally abusive to you. In freaking middle school.
He was young and stupid!
He knew how you felt about him. He would do exactly what you describe with gaslighting. One minute he was into you—the next minute not.
Did you know I lost my virginity to him?
I know. I also know that you were in some kind of Thing and then suddenly he was dating your best friend.
Yeah. They were both wrong for that. I mean, I didn't like it but it was cool.
No it wasn't.
But is that emotional abuse though?
Good question. I do know that I am going to talk to your sister a lot more about relationships in general. She should know by middle school that if something doesn't feel good—bail. It doesn't have to fit the traditional definition of “violence” to be violent.
Advertisement
Right, because social media makes it so easy to be super emotionally abusive. You can unfollow and block people. You can Like or Unlike posts. I met a guy who consistently engaged on all my IG posts. As then as soon as we started dating—nothing. Not a single Like and not a single Comment.
Well maybe, he just wanted to separate—
No. We're twenty year olds. We don't separate. We speak through our actions on freaking IG.
Advertisement
Well. I do have a couple I'm friendly with. Their relationship is an on-again off-again nightmare. I notice that anytime he comments on one of my posts—she immediately swoops in and comments on his comment. And then he doesn't respond to her comment but will comment on my next post.
Yup.
And then, when things got really bad, she actually called me and asked me to either Block him or stop engaging with him. I'm like, um, no. I'm not doing that.
My friends totally ask me to do that. And I know I'd better do it.
Nah.
But why not? If you know what he's doing is hurtful to her—why would you still engage with him? Just because it's social media?
I guess. I just feel like—
That's the thing. That's what emotional abuse and gaslighting is all about. He knows you'll still engage and he gets to say to her: well your friend is still talking to me. Maybe you're the one who has the problem.
Yeah, it can really play out like that. But I'm still not sure if I need to—
I know physical abuse is a Thing. And just because it doesn't affect me or my circle (as far as I know) we are out here dealing with some serious emotional abuse. Without even being in the same room—or country. Social Media is the real life version of You Can't Sit With Us. If you know for sure that someone is purposely doing anything hurtful—in real life or cyber—it's the worst.
Advertisement
Devin Anderson has written professionally since 1998 and currently works as a full-time freelance writer for various outlets. She's also written five books, three non-fiction and two novels. The name Devin Anderson is a pseudonym. The writer is changing her name to protect the innocent, the guilty—and her mom.
Transcript for Russian aircraft buzzed US Navy ship 3 times in a day
And one more note before we move on here Russia with some curious military moves tonight. The first making headlines a Russian spy ship spotted in international waters off the coast of Delaware heading nor authorities say this is unusual. But that's similar moves have been made before. The second concern in the Black Sea Russian fighter jets flying within a hundred yards of the navy's USS Porter. The Pentagon calling it unsafe and unprofessional the Russians say it never happened. And the New York Times reporting tonight that Russia has secretly deployed in new cruise missile an apparent violation of an arms control treaty. The Pentagon tonight telling ABC news the department quote has made very clear our concerns about Russia's violation.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
TRAVERSE CITY, Mich. (AP) — Attorneys general from three states say a $275 million federal plan for keeping Asian carp from migrating into the Great Lakes is too pricey and rejects the most effective solution.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is recommending technologies such as electric barriers and water cannons at the Brandon Road Lock and Dam near Joliet, Illinois, which stands between the carp-infested Illinois River and Lake Michigan.
Attorneys general Bill Schuette of Michigan, Lori Swanson of Minnesota and Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania say a better way is replacing the lock gates with a concrete wall that would divide the Great Lakes and Mississippi River watersheds. That would cost only about $5.9 million.
They say the Corps plan favors the needs of shipping companies over those of the Great Lakes fishing industry.
BERLIN (AP) — A member of the nationalist Alternative for Germany party has become chairman of the German parliament's important budget committee, winning lackluster backing after opponents forced a rare vote for the post.
Peter Boehringer was elected Wednesday with votes only from his own party and the pro-business Free Democrats. The opposition Left Party opposed him and representatives of other parties abstained.
Opponents objected to past comments on various issues by Boehringer, an opponent of the euro.
Alternative for Germany, or AfD, is likely to be the biggest opposition party once a new government is formed. The budget committee post traditionally goes to the largest opposition group.
German lawmakers have blocked an AfD lawmaker from joining a committee that oversees the country's intelligence services and rejected the party's candidate for deputy speaker.
Telstra's business customers will be able to make native voice calls over the telco's network from within Microsoft's Office 365 under a deal unveiled today.
‘Telstra Calling for Office 365' will support calls from within Skype for Business and Microsoft Teams.
“Calling for Office 365 brings the full scope of Office 365's cloud productivity and collaboration apps – including video conferencing and meeting broadcast capabilities – alongside Telstra voice calling,” Telstra's executive director of global products, Michelle Bendschneider, said in a statement.
“By combining what have traditionally been separate collaboration channels, we're helping to increase productivity while simplifying the experience for employees.”
More than 200 of the telco's customers have taken part in a preview program over the past six months. More than 30 customers and partners are currently participating in an early adopter program, according to Telstra.
“We're excited to be partnering with Telstra to bring this pure cloud offering to our customers in Australia and enabling all components of our modern workplace solution with the addition of voice services,” said Microsoft Australia's COO, Rachel Bondi.
The new service will be available from mid-2018.
The Latest on the major incident near Salisbury, England, in which two people have been left in a critical condition (all times local):
12:20 p.m.
British police say counterterrorism officers are working with local detectives after two people were sickened by an unknown substance in southwest England.
The Metropolitan Police says "officers from the counterterrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police" on the incident in Amesbury.
Police say a man and a woman in their 40s were hospitalized after being found unconscious at a residential building in Amesbury. The town is eight miles (13 kilometers) from Salisbury, where ex-spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were poisoned with a nerve agent on March 4.
Police say they are keeping an open mind and do not yet know whether a crime has been committed.
———
6 a.m.
British police declared a "major incident" Wednesday after two people were left in critical condition from exposure to an unknown substance a few miles from where a former Russian spy and his daughter were poisoned with a nerve agent.
The Wiltshire Police force said a man and a woman in their 40s were hospitalized after being found unconscious at a residential building in Amesbury, eight miles (13 kilometers) from Salisbury, where Sergei and Yulia Skripal were poisoned on March 4.
Police cordoned off the building and other places the two people visited before falling ill, but health officials said there was not believed to be a wider risk.
The man and woman were hospitalized Saturday at Salisbury District Hospital, where authorities initially believed they might have taken a contaminated batch of heroin or crack cocaine.
"However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident," police said. "At this stage, it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed."
No. 2 Oklahoma will bring three All-Americans to the College Football Playoff.
Quarterback Baker Mayfield, offensive tackle Orlando Brown and tight end Mark Andrews of Oklahoma were selected to the Associated Press All-America team, giving the Sooners more players on the first team than any school. The All-America team, which dates to 1925 and was selected this season by a panel of 17 Top 25 voters, was released Monday.
Four of the top five vote-getters for the Heisman Trophy made the first team, including the runaway winner Mayfield. Stanford's Bryce Love, the Heisman runner-up, and San Diego State's Rashaad Penny, the nation's leading rusher and fifth-place finisher for the Heisman, were the first-team running backs. Penn State's Saquon Barkley, who finished fourth in the Heisman voting, made the team as an all-purpose player.
Louisville's Lamar Jackson, last year's Heisman winner and All-America quarterback, was selected to the second team.
___
ALL-AMERICA POINTS
— The other three playoff teams each have one player on the first team, all on the defensive side. No. 3 Georgia, which faces Oklahoma in the Rose Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1, is represented by linebacker Roquan Smith. No. 1 Clemson placed defensive end Clelin Ferrell on the first team. Alabama safety Minkah Fitzpatrick is the only player to make first-team All-America for the second straight season. The Tigers face the fourth-ranked Crimson Tide in the Sugar Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1.
— Notre Dame (offensive linemen Mike McGlinchey and Quenton Nelson), Ohio State (center Billy Price and cornerback Denzel Ward), Iowa (linebacker Josey Jewell and cornerback Josh Jackson) and Texas (safety DeShon Elliott and punter Michael Dickson) each have two players on the first team.
— Clemson had the most players selected to all three teams with six. Defensive tackle Christian Wilkins, linebacker Dorian O'Daniel and offensive tackle Mitch Hyatt made the second team. Defensive end Austin Bryant and guard Tyrone Crowder were third-team picks.
— Wisconsin placed five players on the three teams, led by linebacker T.J. Edwards on the first team. Running back Jonathan Taylor and tight Troy Fumagalli made the second team and offensive linemen David Edwards and Beau Benzschawel made the third team.
— Oklahoma had four picks overall with linebacker Ogbonnia Okoronkwo making the second team.
MOVING UP
— Four of the five All-America offensive linemen made either second- or third-team last year. Brown and Price moved up from second to first. McGlinchey and Nelson went from third to first.
— Mayfield also jumped from third team to first team. He was selected to the second team in 2015.
— Dickson and Barkley also made the third team last year and moved up to first this season, though Barkley was a third-team running back last year.
MOVING DOWN
— Jackson was not the only 2016 All-American to slide this season. Washington State guard Cody O'Connell went from first team to second team. Utah punter Mitch Wishnowsky went from first to third.
CONFERENCE CALL
First-team All-Americans by conference:
Big Ten — 7
Big 12 — 6
Pac-12 — 3
SEC — 3
ACC — 2
Independent — 2
American — 1
Mountain West — 1
___
All-Americans, all three teams, by conference:
SEC — 15
ACC — 14
Big Ten — 13
Big 12 — 12
Pac-12 — 11
Mountain West — 3
American — 2
C-USA — 2
Independent — 2
MAC — 1
___
Follow Ralph D. Russo at http://www.Twitter.com/ralphDrussoAP
MOSCOW (AP) — The Russian Olympic Committee says its athletes are overwhelmingly in favor of competing at the upcoming Pyeongchang Olympics.
Sofia Velikaya says the ROC athletes' commission, which she chairs, has heard from "all the athletes in all sports" on the Olympic program, with a majority in favor of competing.
Velikaya says no athletes have told the ROC they would rather boycott and adds "at the current moment, everyone's training and everyone's hoping to take part in the Olympics."
The International Olympic Committee last week barred the Russian team from the Olympics because of doping offenses at the 2014 Sochi Games, but is allowing Russians to compete under a neutral flag as "Olympic Athletes from Russia."
FARGO, N.D. (AP) — A federal judge has handed a lifeline to efforts to block the Dakota Access pipeline.
U.S. District Judge James Boasberg ruled Wednesday that the Army Corps of Engineers didn't adequately consider the possible impacts of an oil spill where the pipeline passes under Lake Oahe (oh-AH'-hey), a wide area of the Missouri River, in North Dakota.
Boasberg says the Army must redo its environmental analysis in certain sections and he'll consider later whether the pipeline must halt operations in the meantime.
The Standing Rock Sioux tribe, which has led opposition to the pipeline, called it a "significant victory."
A spokeswoman for Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners, the pipeline's developer, didn't immediately respond to messages.
Last Sunday's Herald contained a transcript of an interview with District 19 U.S. Representative Jodie Arrington (R-Lubbock) in which he discussed the shutdown, immigration, and the recent tax overhaul; as well as issues of import to West Texas.
Arrington will be opposed in the November national election by a Democratic challenger also hailing from Lubbock, Texas Tech history professor Miguel Levario. An El Paso native, Levario received his bachelor's degree from Notre Dame, his master's from Stanford, and his Ph.D. from the University of Texas in Austin.
“Currently I'm an associate professor of United States History that specializes in U.S./Mexico borderlands,” Levario said.
This past week, Levario answered a few questions by phone interview from Lubbock similar to those posed to Arrington in the earlier interview. Here is a transcript of his questions and answers:
Herald: “Let's start with the government shutdown. What are your thoughts about that, and how things went down?”
Levario: “I think there are several things at play here. I think it's an example of just how inefficient and ineffective the controlling party can be. At this moment, as they are the ruling party in all three branches of the government, and for the first time in our history we had a government shutdown.
For the rest of the interview, see Sunday's edition of the Herald.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 5 to 8 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
AMSTERDAM (AP) — The Netherlands' spy service broke into the computers used by a powerful Russian hacking group and may be sitting on evidence relating to the breach of the U.S. Democratic National Committee, a Dutch newspaper and television show jointly reported Friday.
Reports carried in the respected daily Volkskrant and by the current affairs show Nieuwsuur said hackers working for the Dutch General Intelligence and Security Service penetrated the computers used by the group, often nicknamed Cozy Bear, in mid-2014 and watched them for at least a year, even managing to catch the hackers on camera.
Dutch Interior Minister Kajsa Ollongren, interviewed by reporters in The Hague before the government's weekly Cabinet meeting, declined to address the report, saying only that she was "very happy that we have good security services in the Netherlands that do their work well."
President Vladimir Putin's spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, said he had yet to see any official comment from the Dutch intelligence services on the matter.
"If the Dutch media want to fuel anti-Russian hysteria in the U.S., it's an activity that can't be called honorable," he added.
Volkskrant and Nieuwsuur said that the Dutch spies used their access to help oust Cozy Bear from U.S. State Department computers in late 2014. Volkskrant said American spies were so grateful they sent the Dutch cake and flowers.
Ko Colijn, a researcher at Clingendael, the Netherlands Institute of International Relations, said the report may indicate a leveling trend in which small but tech-savvy countries like the Netherlands "can compensate their military inferiority with cyber quality surpluses."
The news drew particular attention in Washington, where Cozy Bear has been identified as one of two Russian government-linked hacking groups that broke in to the DNC ahead of the 2016 presidential election. The other group is usually called Fancy Bear.
Unmasking the Cozy Bear hackers would provide key evidence for investigators trying to unravel the DNC breach, but it may not dispel the mystery surrounding the leaks that followed.
A recent AP investigation found that all but one of the two dozen or so officials whose emails were published in the run-up to the 2016 election were targeted by Fancy Bear, which cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike said operated independently from Cozy Bear.
The Kremlin has denied meddling in the U.S. presidential vote.
___
Satter reported from London. Vladimir Isachenkov in Moscow contributed to this report.
___
Online:
Volkskrant report (in English): https://www.volkskrant.nl/media/dutch-agencies-provide-crucial-intel-about-russia-s-interference-in-us-elections~a4561913/
Niewsuur report (in Dutch): https://nos.nl/nieuwsuur/artikel/2213762-hackteam-aivd-gaf-fbi-cruciale-info-over-russische-inmenging-verkiezingen.html
Splinter Everything Melania Trump Has Done for the Past 24 Hours Has Been Nuts | Adequate Man Do You Look At The Keyboard When…
37 minutes ago
SANAA, Yemen (AP) — Yemeni tribal officials say Islamic militants have attacked a checkpoint in southern Yemen, killing 12 troops.
HAMILTON, New Zealand (AP) — Trent Boult claimed his 200th test wicket as New Zealand closed in on a match and series win over the West Indies on the fourth day of the second test.
The West Indies, needing 444 runs to win the test and level the two-test series, were 106-5 at lunch on Tuesday, still 338 runs behind. Roston Chase was 32 not out, Raymon Reifer was unbeaten on 9 and Sunil Ambris retired hurt. New Zealand won the first test by an innings and 67 runs.
Boult dismissed West Indies captain Kraigg Brathwaite (20) in the sixth over of the morning to become the fifth New Zealander after Richard Hadlee (433), Daniel Vettori (361), Chris Martin (233) and Chris Cairns (218) to take 200 wickets in test cricket.
Boult took 4-73 in the first innings, scored 37 not out at No. 11 as New Zealand made 373 batting first, took two catches as the West Indies were dismissed for 221 in their first innings and had 2-38 at lunch.
Brathwaite, leading the West Indies in this test in place of the suspended Jason Holder, top-scored in the first innings with 66. His seemed the critical wicket Tuesday and Boult claimed it early after the West Indies resumed at 30-2.
Brathwaite had moved to 20 when he cut a ball from Boult directly to Kane Williamson, who took an easy catch at gully.
Neil Wagner, who used leg theory to take 7-39 in the first innings of the first test, setting up New Zealand's series-opening win in Wellington, hit Hope on the forearm with a short delivery early in the day. Hope had reached 23 but was unsettled after being struck and fell at 68-4 when he hooked another short ball from Wagner to Colin de Grandhomme at backward square.
Wagner also struck Ambris (5), who retired hurt with a wrist injury and was taken to hospital for tests. The incident continued an eventful start to Ambris's test career; he has been out hit wicket twice in his first three innings, including to the first ball he faced in tests.
Wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich, who went to the crease in place of Ambris, lasted two balls and hadn't scored when he parried a short ball from Wagner to Henry Nicholls at short leg.
Chase batted soundly for his 32 from 52 balls and Reifer, on test debut, again showed his stickability. He made an unbeaten 23 in the first innings.
Transcript for Possible pipe bomb explodes in NYC: Sources
We want to get right to that breaking news. There has been an explosion at the port authority bus terminal here in New York City. That's a live look right now at the emergency vehicles on the scene right now. Police say thisas a pipe bomb also a suspect is in custody right now. Want to go right to ABC's gio Benitez on the scene. Gio. Reporter: Police sources are describing it as a possible pipe bomb as you said detonated in a passageway below ground at port authority. As you can understand how concerning it is port authority is the major bus terminal in new York City but it's also where you find a lot of subway systems underground. So many underground. This is the area that people come to when they're commuting all across New York, all across New Jersey. They come to port authority. As you can imagine, so many people are here. Police right now are trying to divert crowds from getting near port authority. Trying to contain this. Right now they say one person is in custody. Only a few injuries but police do have video, they say, and are confident that this is contained right now, George. This is such a major hub, the largest bus terminal in the United States, the busiest by volume. It's going to tie up traffic here in the new york/new Jersey area for days and, of course, gio, this area always on such high alert. Reporter: Always on such high alert because we're so close to times square, George. You know that. We're just blocks away from times square and when you look at port authority. I'm looking at it right now. It's just this massive structure that just goes on for blocks and blocks so right now we have ambulances on the scene. So many ambulances, so many officers that just immediately dispatched here. Clearly trying to get a hold -- a handle of this situation. But you're seeing all these people sort of confused that are here trying to catch whatever train or bus they need to to get over to as they commute to work. Okay, gio, thanks very much.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Terrorist Marwan Barghouti, who is leading the hunger strike, wrote an op-ed in The New York Times, explaining his reasons for launching the hunger strike.
"After spending the past 15 years of my life in an Israeli jail, I am both witness to and victim of the illogical system of randomized arrests and terrible treatment of prisoners," Barghouti wrote in his article. "After I attempted every other option available, I decided I had no other choice but to protest the mistreatment by means of a hunger strike.
"Hunger striking is a quiet way of protest. The only ones who suffer are the ones who strike, and their loved ones. The strikers hope their empty stomachs and their sacrifice will help their message force its way out of their dark prison cells.
"Decades of experience have shown that the occupation's inhumane system of colonial and military occupation is intended to break the spirits of both the prisoners and their entire nation. The occupation hopes to accomplish this by abusing the prisoners' bodies, separating them from their families and communities, and forcing them to subjugate themselves.
"Despite this treatment, we will not give in."
The Israel Prison Service on Monday morning said, "The prisoners' hunger strike endangers their health and their lives, both of which are the responsibility of the Israeli government. Hunger strikes - especially organized hunger strikes - also disrupt the order and discipline in the jails.
"The Israel Prison Service will take steps to punish the strikers, and has already transferred several of the striking prisoners to separate wings."
COGAT Major-General Yoav Mordechai attacked The New York Times for omitting the fact that Barghouti is a terrorist and murderer, who led a terror organization responsible for the deaths of many Israelis.
"According to this American newspaper, Barghouti is a leader and member of parliament," Mordechai said. "But somehow the paper's editors forgot to mention that he is directly responsible for the murders of many Israelis, and that he led the 'Al-Aqsa Brigade' during the Second Intifada.
"It would have been better to write at the end of the article that Barghouti was convicted in 2004, after a fair trial influenced by no political agendas.
"Barghouti was convicted of murder and terror activities, and was sentenced to five life sentences and forty years in prison. He is a terrorist and a murderer."
Barghouti initiated the current hunger strike, which includes 1,187 terrorist prisoners. He was transferred from the Hadarim Prison to the Kishon Prison as punishment.
Is the Duterte administration going soft on Napoles? President Rodrigo Duterte's chief legal counsel doesn't think so.
Lawyer Salvador Panelo, in a phone patch interview with reporters on Wednesday, said the Duterte administration would always uphold the rule of law, following the moves of Solicitor General Jose Calida, recommending the acquittal of Napoles on the serious illegal detention filed by her second cousin, whistleblower Benhur Luy.
“The administration of Duterte will always follow what the rules, the laws, and the Constitution say regardless of who are the persons involved whether that person is a controversial figure or a non-controversial figure,” Panelo told reporters when asked if the administration was being soft on Napoles.
ADVERTISEMENT
Panelo supported the move of the Office of the Solicitor General (OSG), seeking the acquittal of Napoles on the crime of serious illegal detention.
“The position of the chief presidential legal counsel will coincide with what the OSG has stated because they are the agency that looked over the records of the case,” he said.
“Since the OSG is the office that studied the case and it is the office that recommended the acquittal of the accused, we have to abide by its position, unless independent entities can show us that the decision is contrary to the evidence and the records of the case,” he added.
Asked if Duterte ordered any instructions to OSG regarding Napoles' case, Panelo said there was none.
“The President does not give any instruction to any department as to what it will do. He has repeatedly said. Pinapabayaan niya ang bawat departamento ng kanilang–basta naaayon sa batas (He gives free rein to each department as long as it is according to the law),” he said.
He said lawyers were “bound by law not only to prosecute accused but also to give justice to all.”
In April 2015, the Makati Regional Trial Court Branch 150 sentenced Napoles to reclusion perpetua or life imprisonment after she was found guilty of serious illegal detention against Luy. CDG
The Knesset on Wednesday granted preliminary approval (69-0) to a bill which would require institutions providing care to minors and the helpless to install security cameras.
The "Camera Law" was proposed by MK Yifat Shasha-Biton (Kulanu) and a group of MKs. Its list of "institutions" includes preschools and schools during their hours of operation. The film will be accessible only to law enforcement, and only with a court order and when there is a suspicion a crime was committed.
The cameras will be installed only in coordination with the relevant government offices. Subsidies similar to those of after-school programs will be offered to those institutions which install cameras voluntarily.
The bill notes that "in recent years, there have been hundreds of cases of complaints that daycare and preschool staff act with violence towards children. However, 90% of these cases are closed due to lack of evidence. There are instances in which two or three cases have been opened against the same suspects, but they are closed over and over, usually because of the difficulty in providing evidence. This bill is intended to resolve the problem of lack of evidence.... There are 28,000 elderly in nursing homes and public care centers. There are many testimonies of severe physical and verbal violence towards patience. Here, too, due to lack of evidence....it is difficult to prove in court."
Shasha-Biton noted that until the recent tragedy which took Yasmin Vineta's life, many people did not understand why such a law was necessary, She also said that over the past few months, she had been shamed by other MKs for pushing the Camera Law.
According to her, the law will eventually require institutions to install cameras as a condition for receiving a license.
The bill will now be examined by the Knesset's Special Committee for the Rights of the Child.
DETROIT (AP) — Young drivers aren't alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads, a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths.
Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
Younger drivers are the worst offenders. Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to at least one of those behaviors. But even mature drivers skirted the rules more often researchers expected. For instance, 10 percent of drivers between 60 and 74 have texted or sent email from behind the wheel, while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they'd driven through a light that had just turned red.
“It was a surprise that there were relatively high rates of these behaviors among the drivers we think of as safer,” said Lindsay Arnold, a research associate with the AAA Foundation.
Arnold said the responses were similar to those in past years, indicating a troubling trend. In 2015, U.S. traffic deaths rose 7 percent to 35,092, the largest single-year increase in five decades. They're expected to rise again in 2016 when that data is finalized.
“It points to the need to improve driver behavior if we're going to reverse this alarming trend,” Arnold said.
Teen driver education campaigns have had some success, foundation spokeswoman Tamra Johnson said. Now the organization is considering the best ways to reach drivers of other ages.
The study found broad agreement on some issues. Eighty-seven percent of drivers said they have never driven when they thought they were close to the legal alcohol limit. Ninety-five percent said they had never driven within an hour of using marijuana. Eighty-eight percent of drivers say it's unacceptable to drive without a seat belt, and 82 percent support laws requiring motorcycle riders to wear helmets.
But drivers' behavior sometimes contradicted their own instincts. More than three-quarters of drivers say it's unacceptable to text or email while driving, but 31 percent had done so in the last month and 8 percent do so often. Ninety-six percent of drivers say drowsy driving is a serious safety threat, but 29 percent had recently driven when they were so tired they had trouble keeping their eyes open.
The study questioned 2,511 licensed drivers aged 16 and over. Among its findings:
— The youngest drivers — those ages 16 to 18 — were less likely to engage in speeding, running red lights or texting while driving than drivers in their 20s through 50s.
— Eighty-three percent of drivers — and 86.5 percent of drivers 75 or older — said they were more careful than other drivers on the road.
— Just over half of drivers feel seriously threatened by drivers talking on cell phones, but 68 percent made a call while driving in the last 30 days.
— Drivers ages 40-59 were the most likely to use a hands-free phone in the car. Driver ages 16-18 and 75 or older were the most likely to hold their phones and talk while driving.
— Twenty-three percent of drivers — and 36 percent of those ages 19 to 24 — think it's acceptable to drive 15 mph over the speed limit on a freeway. Forty-six percent of drivers say they have driven that fast on a freeway in the last 30 days.
— Sixty percent of drivers say people who drive after using illegal drugs are a serious threat, but just 34 percent say the same about people who drive after using prescription drugs.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Janet Yellen's final Federal Reserve policy meeting will likely bring an uneventful end this week to her four-year tenure as Fed chair but perhaps offer hints of the central bank's approach to interest rates in the months to follow.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the world's most influential central bank, will step down when her term expires at the end of this week. She will be succeeded by Jerome Powell, a Fed board member whose nomination as chairman the Senate approved 84-13 last week.
Powell, who has served on the central bank's board since 2012, is a lawyer and investment manager by training and will be the first Fed leader in 30 years not to hold a Ph.D. in economics. President Donald Trump chose Powell for the post rather than offer Yellen a second term despite widespread praise for her performance as chair.
The evidence so far suggests that a Powell-led Fed will generally follow the same cautious approach to raising interest rates that Yellen pursued during her tenure as Fed chair, at least in its early months. With the job market healthy and inflation tame, most economists say there is little reason for any abrupt change in Fed policy.
"Chair Yellen gets to leave on a high note, with strong growth and low unemployment," said Diane Swonk, chief economist and a managing director at audit firm Grant Thornton.
The unemployment rate is at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent, and the economy expanded at a solid 2.6 percent annual rate in the October-December quarter, helping lift growth for all of 2017 to a decent 2.3 percent. Synchronized growth in major regions across the global economy has helped energize the U.S. economy. And a sweeping tax overhaul that Trump pushed through Congress last month is expected to further support U.S. growth.
Traders in the financial markets foresee a 96 percent chance that they Fed will leave rates alone when its meeting ends Wednesday, according to data tracked by the CME Group. The next rate increase is expected in March; traders see a 78 percent likelihood then. The March policy meeting will also be the first time that Powell is scheduled to hold a news conference, something the leader of the Fed does four times a year.
Economists are roughly divided on whether they think Fed's policymakers will raise rates three times this year, as they did in 2017, or four times. The pivotal factor will likely be how inflation performs. For the past six years, inflation has been a no-show, running below even the Fed's target level of 2 percent. A tight job market, with pressure building for pay increases, and potentially higher consumer and business spending resulting from the Republican tax cuts, could accelerate inflation this year.
"I think the Fed will end up moving rates up either three or four times, and it will depend on how the data comes in," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University, Channel Islands. "If the tax cuts lift business and consumer confidence and result in a much stronger economy, then we will see four rate hikes."
Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said he was foresees four rate increases this year beginning in March. Zandi expects the Fed to accelerate its pace of increases because he thinks unemployment will fall further, leading to wage increases and a pickup in inflation.
"Everything is pointing to a more aggressive Fed this year," Zandi said.
The Fed has modestly raised its benchmark rate five times since December 2015, when it began tightening for the first time since the height of the financial crisis in 2008. When the crisis erupted, the Fed cut its rate to a record low near zero to help rescue the financial system and the economy and then held it there for seven years.
Because the Fed has raised rates only gradually over the past two years to avoid slowing the economy, its key rate remains in a still-low range 1.25 percent to 1.5 percent. With most analysts foreseeing a rate increase in March, the Fed may decide to signal that likelihood when it issues a statement after its meeting ends Wednesday.
The lineup of Fed regional bank presidents who vote on the central bank's rate policy — a lineup that rotates each year — is expected to be somewhat more "hawkish" this year. Fed hawks are those who are less likely to favor low rates to maximize employment and more likely to back rate hikes to prevent future high inflation.
With Yellen's departure, the seven-member Fed board will have four vacancies. Marvin Goodfriend, a conservative economist, has been nominated by Trump for one of the vacant board seats. Trump has yet to make nominations for the others.
Getty Image
After a slow start to the season, the Cavaliers have gotten hot, winning 14 of their last 15 games to vault into third in the East, mere percentage points behind the Raptors for the two spot. LeBron James is playing some of the best basketball of his career (or the best if you believe ex-Cavs GM David Griffin) and appears to be happy with his current position with his good buddy Dwyane Wade along for the ride.
Despite the Cavs' strong start and James becoming apparently happy and comfortable with this year's version of the team, rumors and speculation about his impending free agency decision are heating up. The Lakers remain at the forefront of discussions when it comes to which team James could leave for, especially after he recently purchased a new home in the L.A. area. While the Lakers are hopeful they can pry James away from Cleveland, it's clear they will have some stiff competition.
The top challenger to the Cavs for James' services might not be the Lakers, but the Rockets, who have quickly emerged as one of the league's best teams and have something few other teams have — one of James' best friends. Chris Paul is a member of the famed Banana Boat crew, and with family being an ever-important aspect of LeBron's life, having one of his closest friends alongside would certainly make a transition easier.
Aside from the CP3 connection, there are very real basketball reasons to go to Houston. With Paul and Harden, the Rockets' offense has been dynamic, and the defense has been surprisingly strong. Houston balances having a ball-movement-focused attack with leaning on their dominant superstar in isolation in critical situations, and adding LeBron to that mix would only make them even more formidable and bring them neck and neck with the Warriors in the West.
The Green Mile wrecked havoc all week, but not for Justin Thomas on Sunday as he tamed the famed stretch to win the 99th PGA Championship at Quail Hollow, writes WADE PRETORIUS.
The cliche that a Major isn't decided until the back nine on Sunday rang true in North Carolina as the local crowd were treated to a festival of ups and downs throughout the afternoon.
In total there were eight players within two of the lead at some point late in the day and one by one they finished, but without doing enough to force any dramatic error from Thomas.
First was Rickie Fowler, who made four birdies in a row before playing the Green Mile in level, with two clutch par saves to set the clubhouse target at five-under. Fowler was left to rue his bogey, double, bogey finish yesterday as Francesco Molinari saved par for a 67 on Sunday to post a six-under tally.
That was matched by Patrick Reed, who thrilled the crowd with some Ryder Cup-esque style play down the stretch. Reed birdied 14 and almost chipped in for eagle on 15, but his closing bogey saw him fall out of the running.
Thomas' playing partner Hideki Matsuyama began the day as arguably the favourite, just one behind, but his back nine recovery – birdies on 14 and 15 – was not enough to restore the damage by his trio of bogeys to kickstart the back nine. In truth, his day never got going as he struggled with the flat stick, and then his ball striking left him just when it mattered most.
Louis Oosthuizen floated in and out of the picture all day, but despite a dramatic chip-in for eagle on 15, he never got close enough to seriously challenge Thomas for the championship. Oosthuizen made the turn level after cancelling out his opening bogey with a birdie on the seventh.
He failed to birdie the 10th with a wayward pull from the tee, and then hit a big fade on 11 as his game could not match his intensity. When it did, drama followed, with the eagle on 15 and then sinking a 60-foot putt on the last to end in a share of second place – a week that might've been for the much-liked South African.
Thomas, playing with the demons of his poor Sunday at the US Open, began the day in horrific fashion when he sank a 15+ foot putt for bogey on the first after being bunkered off the tee, then finding the greenside bunker for two. He played a sloppy shot which sailed the green to find the other greenside trap, and calmly sank his first putt to limit the damage. A birdie followed immediately after as you got the feeling that no collapse was coming.
His 36-foot birdie putt on nine was one such sign.
The golf gods were with him when his drive on 10 cannoned in the trees left of the fairway, but the ball spat out on to the middle of the fairway. The drama on that hole was not done, as his birdie putt hung on the lip of the hole for an age before dramatically tippling over to move him to seven-under.
A chip-in birdie on 13 got the crowd roaring with approval and bogeys on 11 and 12 from Kevin Kisner meant that Thomas was now alone in front – a position that he never surrendered.
And then came two defining moments. First, his 60-foot sand save on the 16th, before absolutely flushing his 7-iron to 15 feet to set up his sixth birdie of the day.
His lead was two at the tee on 18, but three by the time he played his ball from the fairway bunker following another Kisner bogey, with Matsuyama in the hazard off the tee and now completely out of the picture.
Thomas played smart, but left himself 60 yards to the green in thick rough – ultimately keeping his cool as he found the green and two-putted his way to the Wanamaker Trophy.
After two wins back to back in Hawaii to start the season, his Sunday implosion at Erin Hills at the US Open, and beginning his career in the shadow of his good friend Jordan Spieth, Thomas is now a Major winner and the new number six in the world.
The son of two PGA professionals, confirmed as one of the world's elite.
Photo: Sam Greenwood/Getty Images
WINNIPEG (AP) — The Winnipeg Hawks appointed controversial Australian opening batsman David Warner as captain of their Global T20 Canada team on Wednesday.
The 31-year-old cricketer replaces the injured West Indian Dwayne Bravo as skipper.
Hawks coach Waqar Younis told the BBC: "He's going to be a good leader. He's a team man. He's up front and he likes to give whatever his knowledge is."
Earlier this year, Warner was banned from international and domestic state cricket for 12 months by Cricket Australia following the ball-tampering row that blew up during the national team's tour of South Africa.
The former Australia vice-captain has made only six runs in three innings for the Hawks, his first competitive action for three months.
"Avengers: Infinity War" is a Marvel movie 10 years in the making, with more than 20 heroes and villains gracing the screen in this epic blockbuster!
Interested in Marvel? Add Marvel as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Marvel news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
So, with screenings taking place all across the country Monday night, critics and bloggers immediately took to social media to voice their opinions after seeing the flick for the first time.
The reviews were mostly positive, as fans of the genre were amazed at the emotion and action that came from the film, starring the likes of Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Chadwick Boseman, and Scarlett Johansson.
Marvel
No spoilers below!
Here's what the critics had to say and why they are excited/crazed that they have to wait until the next "Avengers" film to see how everything plays out.
#InfinityWar may be the most expensive Hollywood movie ever designed to mess with its audience. People sure are going to sit through a lot of credits! — erickohn (@erickohn) April 24, 2018
Buy a ticket for a second viewing of #AvengersInfinityWar now. The movie delivers, it's huge, and no one in your theater is going to be able to sit quietly through this one. Expect the unexpected. pic.twitter.com/8eobaAYrSF — Jill Pantozzi ? (@JillPantozzi) April 24, 2018
Non-spoiler AVENGERS: #INFINITYWAR emotions:, in no particular order: ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? Not saying ANYTHING else. — Anthony Breznican (@Breznican) April 24, 2018
Emotionally, narratively, visually, Avengers: Infinity War a very impressive piece of entertainment and storytelling. Somehow, it left me exhausted and excited at the same time. pic.twitter.com/YPICbbNNyQ — Germain Lussier (@GermainLussier) April 24, 2018
#AvengersInfinityWar pretty much had me laughing, screaming, or crying the entire way through. It never lets up. I sat in my chair stunned as the credits rolled, speechless and sobbing. — Joshua Yehl (@JoshuaYehl) April 24, 2018
Marvel
AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR: A movie version of a massive comic-book crossover, for better (fun character interactions) and worse (it's pretty much all Infinity Stone shenanigans). YMMV. #avengersinfinitywar — Matt Singer (@mattsinger) April 24, 2018
AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR is basically CAPTAIN AMERICA: CIVIL WAR times 20, except with less hero-on-hero fighting. I think people who loved the airport fight in CIVIL WAR like I did will go nuts for this film, and people who were bored will be 20 times as bored here. #InfinityWar — Tasha Robinson (@TashaRobinson) April 24, 2018
AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR is very weighty and juggles most of its characters with consideration. It's the closest thing to a Paul Thomas Anderson movie you'll find in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. I Am Shook! #Marvel #AvengersInfinityWar pic.twitter.com/YgntkXFIkv — Rudie Obias (@RudieObias) April 24, 2018
Holy Hell. Avengers: Infinity War is the real deal. Was left breathless sitting in the theater. Real consequences, stunning moments, awesome character interaction, and some BIG and often devastating surprises. Oh, and Thanos is terrifying and amazing. Damn. pic.twitter.com/WWhsT12GTa — Eric Eisenberg (@eeisenberg) April 24, 2018
To be fair, some critics felt a little unsatisfied after a big cliffhanger at the end of the film.
AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR has like ten legit "chill down the spine" great moments. But it's for sure the first half of a two part movie and I left a little unsatisfied/frustrated, maybe by design ... at least that's how I feel right now three hours later. — Mike Ryan (@mikeryan) April 24, 2018
#AvengersInfinityWar: Despite some truly thrilling moments, feels like less than the sum of its parts. A definite step down after that epic run of GotGV2 / Spidey / Thor 3 / Black Panther, but what else did I expect? — Angie J. Han (@ajhan) April 24, 2018
"Infinity War" hits theaters everywhere Friday.
ABC News and Marvel are both part of parent company Disney.
AP Photo/Hassan Ammar
GENEVA (AP) — Russian officials say that some 25,000 Christians have returned to eastern Aleppo since the city was fully retaken by Syrian government forces backed by Russia.
In a conference organized in Geneva Wednesday on the sidelines of the U.N. Human Rights Council meeting, Russian officials sought to generate another narrative about the country's war that has left at least 400,000 people dead and driven over 12 million people from their homes.
The two hour presentation entitled “Aleppo: A city free from terror. New life, new hopes,” included a video uplink to speak with several Syrians on the ground in eastern Aleppo as well as images of Russian medics helping the injured.
The Russian event was also an appeal for greater support from Western nations for Aleppo's reconstruction.
Comments
comments
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
One of the best things that happened to me last summer was the chance to see Maryn Jones, performing songs as Yowler, alone with her guitar in Brooklyn's National Sawdust as part of the Northside Music Festival. One of the most unique things about National Sawdust is that it doesn't really have a stage, just a bit of a lip that the performer will stand on, and this tends to make performances feel even more riveting and intimate. Hearing her murmur the opening line to “7 Towers” — “put the hurt on me, gave you everything” — was rather like an act of communal mourning. In the above, newly-released video for the track, she spits out the rest, as a series of kaleidoscopic images of herself and other, opaque and oblique visual shift by.
Jones makes music as part of several other groups, her own band All Dogs and the larger Saintseneca collective, but Yowler's debut album, The Offer, remains a cult favorite. With only a single record under the moniker, Jones' label, Double Double Whammy, have opted to reissue the album on vinyl to help the project garner more attention.
Previously, Jones has already shared another track off her noise-folk record, the gripping “Go,” and as much as I love these two, my money has been and always will be on “Water.” You can hear that song on a stream of the whole record below, watch the video above, and order it on vinyl here. You won't regret any of those choices.
The Offer is out on vinyl on 6/16 via Double Double Whammy. Get it here.
A deadly New Year's assault on an Istanbul nightclub follows a long string of attacks in Turkey over the past year. A look at the most significant attacks:
— Jan. 12, 2016, Istanbul: Suicide bomber kills 12 German tourists in historic district. Authorities say attacker was linked the Islamic State group.
— Feb. 17, Ankara: A suicide car bomb apparently targeting military personnel kills 29 people in an attack claimed by TAK, an offshoot of the Kurdistan Workers' Party.
—March 13, Ankara: Kurdish woman blows herself up in a car at a busy transport hub, killing 37 people in an attack claimed by TAK, also known as the Kurdish Freedom Falcons.
— March 19, Istanbul: Turkish suicide bomber kills five people in the city's main pedestrian shopping street, Istiklal. Turkish officials say bomber was linked to IS.
— March 31, Diyarbakir: Car bomb kills seven police officers and wounds 27 people, including 13 police.
— April 12, Gaziantep: Syrian journalist dies from gunshot wounds from attack claimed by IS.
— April 27, Bursa: Female suicide bomber wounds 13 in a historic district of Turkey's fourth largest city.
— May 1, Gaziantep: Car bomb at the entrance of a police station kills two officers, 22 other people wounded.
—May 10, Diyarbakir: Car bomb strikes police vehicle carrying officers escorting seven detained Kurdish militants, killing three people and wounding 45 others.
— May 12, Istanbul: Car bomb targeting a military garrison explodes during rush hour, wounding eight people.
— June 7, Istanbul: Car bomb hits a riot police bus during the morning rush hour, killing 11 people and wounding 36. A Kurdish militant group claims responsibility.
— June 8, Midyat: Kurdish suicide car bomber kills five people and wounds 51, including 23 civilians, outside a police headquarters near Turkey-Syria border.
— June 17, Istanbul: Car bomb explodes as a police vehicle passes by, killing 11 people.
— June 28, Istanbul's Ataturk Airport: Three suicide bombers armed with assault rifles storm airport, killing 44 people and wounding nearly 150.
— July 15: About 270 people die in military coup attempt.
— Aug. 17, Van: Car bombing at a police station kills a police officer and two civilians; 53 civilians and 20 police officers wounded.
— Aug. 18, Elazig: Car bomb at police headquarters kills at least five people and wounds more than 140.
— Aug. 20, Gaziantep: Suicide bomber — possibly as young as 12 — kills at least 51 people at an outdoor Kurdish wedding party. IS suspected of directing attack.
— Aug. 26, Cizre: Kurdish suicide bomber rams an explosives-laden truck into a police checkpoint, killing at least 11 officers and wounding 78 other people.
— Sept, 12. Van: Car bomb wounds 50 people outside ruling party's municipal headquarters.
— Oct. 6, Istanbul: Motorcycle bomb explodes near a police station, wounding at least 10 people.
— Oct. 8, Ankara: Two suicide bombers blow themselves up after refusing to surrender to police. No one else was hurt.
— Oct. 9, Hakkari province: Kurdish militants detonate car bomb outside a military checkpoint in the southeast, killing 10 soldiers and eight civilians.
— Oct. 10, Dicle: A top local official of the ruling Justice and Development Party is killed when attackers open fire at a gas station he owned.
— Nov. 4, Diyarbakir: Car bomb near a riot-police bus kills at least 11 people, including two police officers. A Kurdish militant group and IS both claim responsibility.
— Nov. 24, Adana: Car bomb targeting a government building kills at least two people and wounds 33 others.
— Dec. 10, Istanbul: A double bomb attack outside soccer stadium kills 44 people and wounds 149.
—Dec. 17, Kayseri province: Suicide car bomber targeting a public bus transporting off-duty soldiers kills 13 troops and wounds 56 other people.
—Dec. 19, Ankara: A Turkish riot policeman assassinates Russian Ambassador Andrei Karlov at a photo exhibition.
—Jan. 1, 2017, Istanbul. An assailant opens fire at a crowded nightclub during New Year's celebrations. Istanbul's governor says the attack killed at least 39 people and wounded 69 others.
LINDEN, N.J. (CBSNewYork) – Union County hazmat crews are responding to a gasoline spill in Linden, New Jersey.
Around 8:30 a.m. Wednesday, a tractor-trailer driving on S. Stiles Street attempted to make a left turn onto Route 1 and overturned. Its tanker ruptured, spilling 9,000 gallons of gasoline onto the roadway.
The driver was treated on the scene for minor injuries.
Route 1 is closed in both directions between Pleasant St & S. Wood Ave following a tractor trailer crash and gasoline spill. Please avoid the area. pic.twitter.com/4jJ5uKyQYy — Linden Police Dept (@Linden_PD) May 30, 2018
Route 1 is closed in both directions between Pleasant Street and Wood Avenue.
Police expect cleanup efforts to last well past rush-hour and into Thursday morning. Drivers should avoid the area.
The Crown Inn on Route 1 has been evacuated and Wheeler Park is closed to pedestrian traffic. Members of the Linden Fire Department are going door-to-door to measure air quality levels.
The Stratford clown who managed to avoid jail time after admitting to paying a mentally disabled woman for sex — much to the chagrin of local residents and politicians — had a new sex-related charge surface in court Monday.
Chad Bogle was not in attendance as his lawyer, Henry Van Drunen, asked for a one-week adjournment in order to receive full disclosure. The Crown supported the request as they were only able to provide “a brief amount” of disclosure to Van Drunen.
Ontario Court Justice Gary Hearn approved the adjournment; the matter will return to Stratford court next Monday morning.
Late last month, Stratford police said they arrested Bogle and charged him with one count of sexual assault involving an adult female. The alleged offence took place in Stratford in 2012, police said.
A publication ban is in effect.
“That will remain in place,” Hearn said Monday.
Stratford police announced the arrest just four days after Bogle, who worked for a social service agency and performed as Bogle the Magic Clown, pleaded guilty to the sex charge involving a 25-year-old mentally disabled woman living in a group home. A second charge — obtaining sexual services for consideration with a minor — was withdrawn based on a joint submission from the Crown and Van Drunen.
Bogle, who turns 40 in April, was sentenced to a $2,000 fine and two years' probation. He was also ordered to have no contact with the two victims.
tbridge@postmedia.com
The Latest on the apparent assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother in Malaysia (all times local):
5:50 p.m.
Malaysian police say they have arrested a woman in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother.
Wednesday's statement says the woman was arrested at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. She was carrying Vietnamese travel documents.
Kim Jong-un's half brother died Monday after suddenly falling ill at the airport. According to a Malaysian government official, Kim told medical workers before he died that he had been attacked with a chemical spray.
NEW DELHI (AP) — India's main opposition Congress party has named Rahul Gandhi, the scion of India's Nehru-Gandhi political dynasty, as party president.
Gandhi was elected to the post unopposed Monday and succeeds his mother, Sonia Gandhi, for the top job in the party.
The party had controlled India's government for decades before the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party swept to power in 2014. Gandhi faces the difficult task of resurrecting a crumbling Congress party.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
CHATHAM — The London Nationals scored three straight goals for a 3-2 comeback win over the Chatham Maroons on Sunday in Game 3 of their Western Conference semifinal in the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League.
Carson Brookshaw, Cohen Kiteley and Jack Webb scored in front of 1,200 fans at Chatham Memorial Arena as the Nationals took a 2-1 series lead.
Game 4 is Tuesday in Chatham.
Share Photos: Maroons vs. Nationals Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email
GALLERY: Photos: Maroons vs. Nationals London Nationals' Brenden Trottier (44) is hit by Chatham Maroons' Jake O'Donnell (8) in the first period of Game 3 in their GOJHL Western Conference semifinal at Chatham Memorial Arena in Chatham, Ont., on Sunday, March 18, 2018. Mark Malone/Chatham Daily News/Postmedia Network
London Nationals' Brandon Glover, left, and Chatham Maroons' Steven Fowler battle in the first period of Game 3 in their GOJHL Western Conference semifinal at Chatham Memorial Arena in Chatham, Ont., on Sunday, March 18, 2018. Mark Malone/Chatham Daily News/Postmedia Network
Chatham Maroons' Ryan Sarris, centre, battles London Nationals' Riley MacRae, left, and Kyle Dawson behind the Maroons' net in the first period of Game 3 in their GOJHL Western Conference semifinal at Chatham Memorial Arena in Chatham, Ont., on Sunday, March 18, 2018. Mark Malone/Chatham Daily News/Postmedia Network
London Nationals' Colin Wilson, left, and Chatham Maroons' Dawson Garcia battle in the first period of Game 3 in their GOJHL Western Conference semifinal at Chatham Memorial Arena in Chatham, Ont., on Sunday, March 18, 2018. Mark Malone/Chatham Daily News/Postmedia Network
London Nationals' Brandon Glover (14) carries the puck against Chatham Maroons' Aaron Jacobs (21) in the first period of Game 3 in their GOJHL Western Conference semifinal at Chatham Memorial Arena in Chatham, Ont., on Sunday, March 18, 2018. Mark Malone/Chatham Daily News/Postmedia Network
London Nationals' Brenden Trottier (44) wins a battle for the puck along the boards against the Chatham Maroons in the first period of Game 3 in their GOJHL Western Conference semifinal at Chatham Memorial Arena in Chatham, Ont., on Sunday, March 18, 2018. Mark Malone/Postmedia Network
The top-seeded Nationals bounced back from their double-overtime loss in the series opener to win 8-0 in Game 2 on Saturday in London.
On Sunday, David Ovsjannikov made 42 saves for the Nationals, who were outshot 20-4 in the first period and 44-30 overall.
Bryce Yetman of the sixth-seeded Maroons opened the scoring late in the first period on a power play.
Brookshaw and Kiteley scored in the second. Webb's power-play goal put the Nationals ahead 3-1 in the third.
Dakota Bohn scored a late goal for the Maroons. Ryan Wagner made 27 saves.
On Saturday, the Nationals led only 1-0 after the first period, but they scored four goals in the second and three more in the third before 678 fans at the Western Fair Sports Centre.
Ovsjannikov had a 21-save shutout.
Brenden Trottier and Max Vinogradov each had a goal and two assists. Brookshaw, Riley MacRae, Colin Wilson, Brett Whitehead, Isaiah Payne and Webb also scored.
Wagner was pulled midway through the second period after allowing five goals on 22 shots. Lucas Patton gave up three more goals on 10 shots.
The Nationals went 3-for-9 on the power play by scoring three times with a two-man advantage. The Maroons were 0-for-5.
Game 5 is Wednesday in London. Game 6 is Thursday in Chatham.
Instagram rolled out an online tool for downloading your “photos, comments, profile information and more.” The move comes in the wake of the Facebook Cambridge Analytica controversy, and is part of that company's efforts to increase transparency. So far, the tool is available only on the browser version of Instagram, with the company working on deploying it on iOS and Android.
According to TechCrunch, the service lets you download, “photos, videos, archived Stories, profile, info, comments, and non-ephemeral messages.” Instagram said, “it may take up to 48 hours to collect this data and send it to you.”
The download tool is available under “Privacy and Security” under your Instagram settings. It will autofill with your login email if you are logged in when you pull it up.
Election data shows that employees of Evergreen State College have donated overwhelmingly to Democratic candidates in every election cycle for the past two decades.
Going back to the 1996 election cycle, Democrats have enjoyed a ten-to-one advantage over Republicans in donations from Evergreen employees, receiving just over $50,000 over that period, compared to just under $5,000 that was donated to GOP candidates, according to data collected by the Center for Responsive Politics.
"Evergreen employees have not given a single dollar to a Republican congressional candidate since 2012."
During the 2016 election, for instance, Evergreen staff donated $10,086 to Democrats but only $400 to Republicans, meaning 95 percent of all 2016 donations went to Democratic candidates while only 4 percent went to the opposing party.
[RELATED: Dems receive 94 percent of Ivy League donations]
All $400 worth of Republican donations went to Ben Carson's presidential campaign, while most of the Democratic donations went to Sen. Bernie Sanders rather than his opponent, Hillary Clinton.
Indeed, Sanders received $5,404 from Evergreen employees, but Clinton only received $2,026, with the remainder of the contributions going to Democratic candidates for the House and Senate.
Similarly, Evergreen employees made $16,741 in donations to Democratic candidates in 2008, during Barack Obama's first bid for the presidency, whereas only $200 went to Republican candidates during that same year.
During the previous presidential election year, 2004, 100 percent of the $7,773 donated by school employees went to Democratic candidates, though the disparity was somewhat smaller in 2012, when only 75 percent of donations went to Democrats.
In fact, only two election cycles out of the past 11 have featured anything approaching parity in political contributions from Evergreen State, with Democrats receiving roughly 60 percent of donations in both 2006 and 2010.
[RELATED: 99 percent of top liberal arts prof contributions go to Dems]
Meanwhile, Evergreen employees have not given a single dollar to a Republican congressional candidate since 2012.
Notably, Evergreen President George Bridges has himself made multiple donations to Democratic candidates, with $250 going to Rep. Dennis Heck in 2016, $300 to former Rep. Walt Minnick in 2008, and $500 to Sen. Patty Murray in 2014.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
FILE PHOTO: A security guard keeps watch as he walks past a logo of Google in Shanghai, China, April 21, 2016. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo - RTS1ACCZ
By Jim Finkle and Salvador Rodriguez
TORONTO/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer had its internet domain registration revoked twice in less than 24 hours in the wake of the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, part of a broad move by the tech industry in recent months to take a stronger hand in policing online hate-speech and incitements to violence.
GoDaddy Inc , which manages internet names and registrations, disclosed late on Sunday via Twitter that it had given Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider, saying it had violated GoDaddy's terms of service.
The white supremacist website helped organize the weekend rally in Charlottesville where a 32-year-old woman was killed and 19 people were injured when a man plowed a car into a crowd protesting the white nationalist rally.
After GoDaddy revoked Daily Stormer's registration, the website turned to Alphabet Inc's Google Domains. The Daily Stormer domain was registered with Google shortly before 8 a.m. Monday PDT (1500 GMT) and the company announced plans to revoke it at 10:56 a.m., according to a person familiar with the revocation.
As of late Monday the site was still running on a Google-registered domain. Google issued a statement but did not say when the site would be taken down.
Internet companies have increasingly found themselves in the crosshairs over hate speech and other volatile social issues, with politicians and others calling on them to do more to police their networks while civil libertarians worry about the firms suppressing free speech.
Twitter Inc , Facebook Inc , Google's YouTube and other platforms have ramped up efforts to combat the social media efforts of Islamic militant groups, largely in response to pressure from European governments. Now they are facing similar pressures in the United States over white supremacist and neo-Nazi content.
Facebook confirmed on Monday that it took down the event page that was used to promote and organize the “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville.
Facebook allows people to organize peaceful protests or rallies, but the social network said it would remove such pages when a threat of real-world harm and affiliation with hate organizations becomes clear.
“Facebook does not allow hate speech or praise of terrorist acts or hate crimes, and we are actively removing any posts that glorify the horrendous act committed in Charlottesville,” the company said in a statement.
Several other companies also took action. Canadian internet company Tucows Inc stopped hiding the domain registration information of Andrew Anglin, the founder of Daily Stormer. Tucows, which was previously providing the website with services masking Anglin's phone number and email address, said Daily Stormer had breached its terms of service.
“They are inciting violence,” said Michael Goldstein, vice president for sales and marketing at Tucows, a Toronto-based company. “It's a dangerous site and people should know who it is coming from.”
Anglin did not respond to a request for comment.
Discord, a 70-person San Francisco company that allows video gamers to communicate across the internet, did not mince words in its decision to shut down the server of Altright.com, an alt-right news website, and the accounts of other white nationalists.
“We will continue to take action against white supremacy, Nazi ideology, and all forms of hate,” the company said in a tweet Monday. Altright.com did not respond to a request for comment.
Meanwhile, Twilio Inc Chief Executive Jeff Lawson tweeted Sunday that the company would update its use policy to prohibit hate speech. Twilio's services allow companies and organizations, such as political groups or campaigns, to send text messages to their communities.
Internet companies, which enjoy broad protections under U.S. law for the activities of people using their services, have mostly tried to avoid being arbiters of what is acceptable speech.
But the ground is now shifting, said one executive at a major Silicon Valley firm. Twitter, for one, has moved sharply against harassment and hate speech after enduring years of criticism for not doing enough.
Facebook is beefing up its content monitoring teams. Google is pushing hard on new technology to help it monitor and delete YouTube videos that celebrate violence.
Read More
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has arrived in Oman as part of a two-state visit aimed at reviving ties with Iran's Gulf Arab neighbors.
The official Oman News Agency said Omani Sultan Qaboos bin Saeed met with the Iranian president following his arrival on Wednesday to the sultanate, which sits at the southeastern tip of the Arabian Peninsula and shares control of the Strait of Hormuz with Iran.
Rouhani is expected to travel to Kuwait after visiting Oman.
Tehran's relations with the six-member, Saudi-dominated Gulf Cooperation Council of Arab states have been strained since Sunni-ruled Saudi Arabia broke off diplomatic relations with the Shiite power Iran last year.
Iran's official IRNA news agency reported that Iran has received a message from the GCC states aimed at removing misunderstandings and improving relations.
If they had a choice, members of the urban poor group Kadamay would not live in government housing projects that looked like a dog's shelter.
“Sinasabi lang lang po natin kung tayo ay may regular na trabaho, may sapat na sahod, baka hindi na natin gustong tumira dun sa malayo e. Mangupahan na lang tayo ng apartment, ng condominium kung meron tayong trabaho na maaayos,” Gloria Arellano, chair of Kadamay, said during the hearing of the Senate committee on urban planning, housing, and resettlement on Tuesday.
(What I am saying is if only we had a regular job and sufficient pay, we would not live in a far-flung area. We would just rent an apartment or a condominium unit if we had a decent job.)
ADVERTISEMENT
“E ang nakakatiis lang po sa ginawa ng NHA e mga mahihirap lang po e, ang liliit at sira sira na. Baka sa inyo, kwarto lang ng alagang aso ‘yung mga ginawa nila doon,” Arellano added.
(Only the poor can stomach living in houses built by NHA; they are too small and dilapidated. For you, these houses may look like dog shelter.)
Last month, Kadamay occupied the housing units in Bulacan intended for military and police personnel.
READ: Homeless take over gov't housing projects in Bulacan
After taking over the housing units, the group is now demanding a permanent and decent work for poor people like them.
READ: 2 senators say giving housing units to Kadamay may cause anarchy
“Hindi po tamad ang mahihirap. Gusto po namin ng trabaho, ng disenteng trabaho. Tungkulin ng gobyerno na lumika nito kaya hindi pa po tapos ang laban ng maralita. Magkaisa at lumaban,” Arellano said.
(The poor are not lazy. We want jobs, decent jobs. It's the government's duty to create jobs; the fight of the poor is not over. Let us unite and fight.)
When the committee chair, Senator Joseph Victor “JV” Ejercito asked if Kadamay members are willing to work to pay for the housing they occupied, Arellano said: “Yun nga po. Kailangan ho talagang bigyan sila ng trabaho…Naghahanap nga po kami ng mga trabaho e pero kailangan pong permanenteng trabaho at nakakabuhay na trabaho.”
ADVERTISEMENT
(That's right. They really need to be given jobs. We are looking for jobs, but they have to be permanet and a dependable source of livelihood.)
“Bastat may trabaho na ipagkakaloob, trabahong nakakabuhay ng sahod…Cash for work, e magkano lang naman po yun, kulang pang pambuhay sa pamilya. Basta ‘yung trabaho regular na trabaho at nakakabuhay na trabaho.”
(As long as we will be offered jobs with pays that will sustain us…Cash for work. How much is that? Probably even less that what we need to sustain our families. We need regular jobs, jobs that will sustain us.)
“Habang wala pang trabaho, libreng pabahay muna. Saan po kukuha ng pambayad di po ba?” she asked.
(As long as we don't have jobs, give us free shelter. Because where will we get the money to pay these houses?)
READ: Kadamay offers to pay for occupied houses
Ejercito explained that Kadamay should also pay for the houses so that the government would recover the money and would be able to build more housing projects.
And when he asked again if Kadamay members are willing to pay for the houses, Arellano changed her answer saying she could not make such promise.
“Hindi ko rin po ipinapangako dahil kailangan sigurado ‘yung trabaho po. ‘Yung sabi nga natin trabaho ng nakakabuhay ng tao.”
(We cannot promise that because we need jobs. As I have mentioned, we need jobs that can sustain us.) IDL/rga
MILWAUKEE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Industrial organizations must be able to quickly identify ways to tighten production schedules and maximize revenue. Gaining insight into operations and production capabilities to make informed decisions has often involved time-intensive IT projects and a highly specialized skillset. Today, Rockwell Automation expands the FactoryTalk ® Analytics portfolio, a robust advanced analytics environment that empowers users with the ability to quickly and confidently make informed decisions. These latest advancements were developed to reduce the complexity of the operations environment for manufacturers and producers and their employees who are driving operations.
FactoryTalk Analytics has been developed for scale, discovering and connecting data sources from the edge of the network up through the enterprise, and then intelligently fusing the information to resolve issues close to the source. At the edge or the device, this can result in near-immediate resolution of production issues. Empowered with machine learning capabilities, FactoryTalk Analytics learns the process and looks for trends in the data, proactively presenting users with insights before an issue arises.
FactoryTalk Analytics brings contemporary user experience capabilities, which are common for consumer experiences, to the production environment. Focused on driving ease of use and productivity, FactoryTalk Analytics features internet-like search capabilities of production data, as well as self-serve drill-downs, allowing the user to make data-driven decisions quickly.
Rockwell Automation has chosen the Microsoft ® Azure ™ cloud as the preferred platform for FactoryTalk Analytics, to help develop and power advanced IoT solutions from the edge to the cloud.
Rockwell Automation executed several customer pilots before the official release of FactoryTalk Analytics, which generated several purpose-driven applications that prioritize ease of use and faster time to value.
In one pilot, a manufacturer of solar panels used FactoryTalk Analytics to connect the data sources of legacy systems spread across multiple facilities. They're now able to more efficiently manage data both on-premise and in the cloud, which will minimize downtime and allow them to save millions of dollars in IT spend.
In another pilot, a global automotive manufacturer implemented FactoryTalk Analytics to help improve operational productivity. Purpose-driven applications brought data together from disparate systems that had previously proven difficult to integrate and had limited workers' ability to investigate production issues. The solution is giving production managers and executives new visibility into key areas of operations and helping them more accurately forecast production targets.
“Smart manufacturing promises to remove blind spots between organizational silos, putting users directly in touch with information,” said Blake Moret, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Rockwell Automation. “Our deep experience in production applications, coupled with technology that integrates control and information, provides outcomes of increased productivity for both existing and greenfield sites. Importantly, our partners are taking advantage of these solutions to enhance the value of their own offerings.”
Originally piloted as “Project Scio” last November, FactoryTalk Analytics is now available globally.
About Rockwell Automation
Rockwell Automation Inc. (NYSE: ROK), the world's largest company dedicated to industrial automation and information, makes its customers more productive and the world more sustainable. Headquartered in Milwaukee, Wis., Rockwell Automation employs approximately 22,000 people serving customers in more than 80 countries.
FactoryTalk and LISTEN. THINK. SOLVE. are trademarks of Rockwell Automation Inc.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005394/en/
CONTACT: Rockwell Automation
Paula Puess, 440-646-3806
pdpuess@ra.rockwell.com
or
Padilla
Leonard Pollard, 612-455-1758
leonard.pollard@padillaco.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CANADA WISCONSIN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT INTERNET SOFTWARE MANUFACTURING OTHER MANUFACTURING
SOURCE: Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005394/en
The Latest on Turkey's referendum on presidential powers (all times local):
3:05 p.m.
Hundreds of people are queuing in front of Turkey's election board to submit petitions requesting that the electoral authority reverse a controversial decision during Sunday's referendum to accept ballots without official stamps.
In their petitions Tuesday, the residents of Ankara said the decision and other reported irregularities were in open violation of the law.
Similar queues are also reported in front of an election board office in Istanbul.
The queues formed as the main opposition party was scheduled to formally request that the electoral authority annul the referendum over the ballots lacking the official stamp.
Monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe said the decision undermined important election safeguards.
———
3 p.m.
The head of Germany's main industrial group says the referendum in Turkey could hurt economic ties with European countries.
Dieter Kempf, president of the BDI lobby group, says the result of the vote "is worrying" and suggests Turkey is moving further away from European values.
Germany is Turkey's most important trading partner, with a total volume of 37 billion euros ($39 billion), and one of its largest sources of foreign investment.
Kempf said Tuesday that Turkey "needs a strong business partner in Europe that supports the further economic development of the country."
He urged Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan "to ensure that confidence among European partners doesn't erode further, in the economic interest of his country."
———
2:55 p.m.
Turkey's main opposition party has slammed the country's electoral board, accusing it of bias and favoring the ruling party.
Kemal Kilicdaroglu, the leader of the Republican People's Party, or CHP, made the comments during a speech to his lawmakers Tuesday, challenging the outcome of the referendum on constitutional amendments.
"It is clear that the High Electoral Board is not receiving its power from the people, the law or the constitution but rather from a specific center, a specific political authority," he said. He accused the board of "changing the rules midgame."
Opposition parties are filing their objections to the electoral board Tuesday for the decision to count as valid ballots that did not bear an official stamp and other alleged irregularities.
CHP vice chairman Erdal Aksunger said the party expects the board "to eliminate fraud and cancel the referendum."
———
2 p.m.
The European Union says that if Turkey moves to reinstate the death penalty it would dash any hope that it could join the bloc.
EU Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas said on Tuesday that if Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan moved "from rhetoric to action on the issue of the death penalty (it) would be clear signal that Turkey does not want to be a member of the European family."
He said that the death penalty is more than a red line. "This is the reddest of all red lines."
On Monday, Erdoğan renewed suggestions that Turkey could hold referendums on its bid to join the European Union and on reinstating the death penalty.
———
1:30 p.m.
The European Union is calling on the Turkish authorities to launch "transparent investigations" into "alleged irregularities" during last weekend's referendum on increased powers for the country's presidency.
International election observers and opposition parties have reported numerous voting irregularities during the vote which President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan won by a narrow margin.
EU Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas said the EU was encouraging "Turkey to move closer to the European Union again, and not to move even further and faster away from us."
Turkey's prime minister on Tuesday called on the opposition to respect the result of a referendum that will give sweeping new powers to the office of the president.
———
12 p.m.
Turkey's prime minister has called on the opposition to respect the result of a referendum that will expand the powers of the office of the president.
In an address to legislators from his ruling party on Tuesday, Binali Yildirim said the people had voted to switch from a parliamentary to a presidential system, adding: the "opposition should not speak after the people have spoken."
An unofficial tally carried by the country's state-run news agency gave President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's "yes" camp a narrow win.
Opposition parties called for the vote to be annulled because of a series of irregularities, particularly an electoral board decision to accept ballots that didn't bear official stamps, as required by Turkish law.
International monitors said the move undermined safeguards against fraud.
PACARAIMA, Brazil (AP) — Hungry and destitute, tens of thousands of victims of Venezuela's unrelenting political and economic crisis are trying their luck in Brazil — a country where they do not speak the language, conditions are often poor and there are few border towns to receive them.
Many arrive weak from hunger and with no money for a hotel, food or the $9 bus ride to Boa Vista, the capital of the Brazilian state of Roraima, known in Venezuelan circles as a place that offers three meals a day. In dozens of interviews over four days, many said they had not had more than one meal a day for the last year.
Some wore baggy clothes, had emaciated faces and complained of medical issues ranging from children with measles to diabetics with no insulin.
Kritce Montero tried to shush 6-month-old Hector, who cried from hunger even after breast-feeding while his family and several hundred other Venezuelans waited to be processed at the border.
Montero, who said she lost 57 pounds (26 kilograms) the last year from eating just one meal a day, traveled with Hector and her 7-year-old daughter 18 hours by bus from Maturin, a city in northeast Venezuela. After spending the night sleeping on the ground in Pacaraima, a dusty border town in the Amazon, they took another bus 130 miles (210 kilometers) to Boa Vista.
"We are desperate. We could no longer buy food," said 33-year-old Montero, adding it had been months since Hector had any formula or diapers.
While in recent years millions of Venezuelans have immigrated, until recently Brazil received relatively few of them. Hundreds of thousands have gone to Colombia, but authorities there and elsewhere in South America are tightening their borders.
Portuguese-speaking Brazil has become the latest alternative for Venezuelans. But they are not finding much comfort there.
On a recent day, Militza DonQuis, 38, sat under a tree on the side of the main road in Pacaraima. In the two months since she and her husband arrived from Puerto Cabello, they have not been able to find work. With no money, they can't take the bus to Boa Vista, so they sleep on the ground and scrounge for food during the day.
"This is horrible," said DonQuis through tears, adding that in two months she had been unable to send money home to her children, ages 12 and 14, who she left with a sister.
With no money for a bus, Jose Guillen, 48, and wife July Bascelta, 44, decided to begin the journey to Boa Vista at night on foot, setting off with 9-year-old twins Angel and Ashley along a road surrounded by forest.
"God will provide," said Guillen when asked how the family would eat during a trip that can take five days.
After walking 4 miles (6 kilometers), a Brazilian driver stopped agreed to give them a lift to Boa Vista, where the situation is arguably more desperate. Thousands of Venezuelans are living in the streets. They sleep in tents and on benches in central squares, have taken over abandoned buildings and cram dozens of people into small apartments.
The largest of three shelters in the city, Tancredo, has 700 people despite being equipped for 200. Half-naked children roam the former gymnasium while groups of men and women chat about their hopes for finding work and worry about the families they left in Venezuela.
Charlie Ivan Delgado, 30, said he came to Brazil several months ago with hopes of earning enough money so he and his high school sweetheart could finally afford a wedding. But each time he called home to El Tigre, he would hear the situation was getting worse, that their three children, ages 9, 5 and 1, were always hungry. So he decided to abandon wedding plans and bring his family.
"Kids in Venezuela today don't think about playing with their friends or what they might study" in the university, said Delgado, sitting with his children and partner in a tent. "It's more, 'What am I going to eat today?"
While the shelter offers three meals a day, the family's prospects are bleak.
The soccer referee has only been able to officiate a handful of games in rural areas outside Boa Vista, the kids are not in school and it's hard to imagine how the family might leave the shelter.
"It's like Tarzan being in New York," said Delgado.
Brazilian authorities estimate 40,000 Venezuelans are living in Boa Vista, accounting for over 12 percent of the population in a city that was already poor and unable to offer many opportunities to its residents.
Most have arrived in the last several months, putting intense pressure on the public health system, the jails and volunteer organizations and churches that are carrying the largest burden when it comes to keeping Venezuelans fed.
Police say Venezuelans are sometimes working for as little as $7 a day in everything from construction to yard work, putting downward pressure on wages. For many, even offering to work for less isn't enough: Several interviewed said many employers have told them flat out they won't hire Venezuelans.
Milene da Souza, one of a group of volunteers who periodically serve food, said many Brazilians were increasingly angry at the situation.
"Brazil has many of its own problems," she said. "Roraima has its own problems."
Last month, fears of a backlash intensified when an arsonist set fire to two Boa Vista houses filled with Venezuelan immigrants, injuring dozens, several severely. A man originally from neighboring Guiana has been arrested, and police have said he was motivated by anger at Venezuelans in the city.
On the Plaza Simon Bolivar, named after the South American independence leader who was the inspiration for late Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez' "socialist revolution," throngs are camping in tents or simply sleeping on the grass. When trucks pull up with food, hundreds run toward them, elbowing each other in a mad scramble to get a meal before they run out. Tempers flare as men accuse women and children of using their advantage to get extra portions.
Roraima's governor has declared a state of emergency to free up funds for overwhelmed public hospitals, where health officials estimate that 8 in 10 patients are Venezuelan. Last month, President Michel Temer canceled activities during Carnival to make an emergency trip to Boa Vista.
But residents say the federal government's plans, which include building a field hospital in Pacaraima and relocating a few thousand immigrants to bigger cities, are not enough. Between Jan. 1 and March 7 of this year, 27,755 Venezuelans crossed into Brazil from Pacaraima. Authorities estimate at least 80,000 are currently in Brazil, most of them in Roraima state.
Brazil, Latin America's largest nation, has one of the region's most inclusive immigration policies. Venezuelans are allowed to enter with just a national identification card, a lifeline for many who say that getting a passport in Venezuela has become impossible. Many immigrants who don't have identification cards but can show a birth certificate are allowed in if they request and are granted refugee status.
Being designated "refugees" can be problematic because such immigrants can't return to Venezuela; President Nicolas Maduro has called them "traitors" of the state.
Many say that as long as Maduro is in power they have no reason to return.
Despite skyrocketing inflation and a collapse of many businesses, Maduro has refused to allow humanitarian aid to enter Venezuela. He denies there is a crisis and says international relief would lead to foreign intervention.
"Maduro's solution is that we just eat each other," said Diana Merida sarcastically while washing her clothes in a Boa Vista river. The 34-year-old from Maturin said she recently sent $3 home to her 16-year-old daughter and 11-year-old son, which would allow them to buy some rice.
While it took her three days of selling coffee to earn that, it was more than she could earn in a month as a saleswoman in a clothes store back home.
On the Plaza Simon Bolivar, Kritce Montero sits with baby Hector, who now has on a diaper and has spent the last two days gobbling up formula, all donated by volunteers.
It's been two days since the family crossed the border in Pacaraima. The first night they slept under a tree in the plaza, but then the second night somebody offered them a tent because of the baby.
"At least here, I'm able to feed my kids," said Montero. "Even if I'm living under a bridge, I would feel OK if my kids have food."
____
Follow Peter Prengaman: twitter.com/peterprengaman
A little pony in southwest Florida apparently wanted to be a wild horse, as it galloped down a highway away from its paddock.
Video released today by Clewiston Police showed an officer escorting the miniature horse back to its home, leading it with a rope while driving the police car alongside it.
Clewiston Police
Police responded to a call that the miniature horse was running down U.S. Highway 27 last week and got a workout trying to catch the escaped pony on foot.
The department released dispatch audio from their pursuit of the pony. An officer can be heard saying the horse was near a Popeye's restaurant, then running away. The officer asked for more help and finaly reported that the horse was near fences and had nowhere else to go.
To lure the runaway horse to them, police offered carrots.
Clewiston Police
After the officer led the pony home, police said the other horses came to the fence to greet it.
Artificial intelligence (AI) is increasingly mocked as being used as a marketing term. But AI is also being used to create some legitimately useful tools. So, to beat back some of the less useful uses of the term, here are five things AI might actually be good for:
1. Farming
FarmLogs is an example of complex data analysis that tracks weather, soil conditions, historical satellite imagery and helps farmers determine what kind of plant growth to expect and how to maximize crop yields.
SEE: Farming for the future: How one company uses big data to maximize yields and minimize impact (TechRepublic)
2. Medical diagnosis
Watson made this use of AI famous, and while you can debate its effectiveness, others like Intel are working on things like precision medicine. Machine learning can compare molecular tests with previous cases to customize treatments. Computer interpretation of medical images as an aid to diagnosis is also making rapid advances.
SEE: Beware AI's magical promises, as seen in IBM Watson's underwhelming cancer play (TechRepublic)
3. Stopping predators
The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children is experimenting with AI to help automate and speed up scanning websites for suspicious content.
SEE: IT leader's guide to deep learning (Tech Pro Research)
4. Recruiting
AI can help sort through resumes and rank candidates. Unilever used an AI called HireVue to analyze candidates' answers body language and tone, cutting down time to hire and increasing offers and acceptance rates.
SEE: How to implement AI and machine learning (ZDNet) | Download the report as a PDF (TechRepublic)
5. Customer service
AI assistants were made famous by smartphones, but where they really shine is providing assistance to human customer service agents. AI can be used to process natural language and route people to the right agent and even listen in and prompt agents with queries and responses.
We didn't even include autonomous cars, which use all kinds of machine learning and types of AI to interpret sensors. And there are loads more. There's a lot of fog around the idea of AI these days, but if you look closely you can see some pretty good examples of the real thing.
For more about artificial intelligence and other innovations, subscribe to our Next Big Thing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see:
Lissa Gotwals
You can't talk about the history of American indie rock without mentioning the name Mac McCaughan. As the leader of Superchunk, McCaughan has helped to shepherd one of the most respected and consistent bands in underground rock for nearly 30 years. Superchunk is the rare band where a neophyte can pick practically any album as an entry point — early '90s records like No Pocky For Kitty and Foolish are many beloved examples of the band's hooky pop-punk, but later efforts like Majesty Shredding and I Hate Music are just as worthy. Even as trends come and go and the music scene changes dramatically around them, Superchunk has never wavered from the righteous path of melodic, honest, and scrappy rock and roll.
McCaughan is also a seminal figure because he's the co-founder, with his bandmate Laura Ballance, of Merge Records, one of the greatest indie labels ever, which has put out classic records by Spoon, Neutral Milk Hotel, The Magnetic Fields, The Mountain Goats, and Arcade Fire.
In February, Superchunk will release yet another strong album, What A Time To Be Alive, that addresses current events with a fury that recalls McCaughan's roots in '80s hardcore. In the latest episode of the Celebration Rock podcast, I spoke with McCaughan about the new album, the history of Superchunk, and whether the Internet ruined indie rock.
If you like what you hear, please subscribe to Celebration Rock on iTunes, Audioboom, or Stitcher, and listen above.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate on Monday rejected legislation designed to ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, a vote that put vulnerable Democrats on the record on the issue during an election year.
The vote was 51-46, short of the 60-vote threshold to advance the bill. Three Democratic-senators up for re-election in conservative states voted to advance the legislation: Bob Casey of Pennsylvania, Joe Donnelly of Indiana and Joe Manchin of West Virginia. Republicans Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska voted with most Democrats to reject it.
The GOP is defending a 51-49 Senate majority in the midterm elections this fall. The House passed identical legislation in October and President Donald Trump called for its approval by Congress.
In a statement, Trump called the Senate action "disappointing" and added: "We must defend those who cannot defend themselves. I urge the Senate to reconsider its decision and pass legislation that will celebrate, cherish, and protect life."
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
With a state-appointed committee due to decide Thursday where a new city passenger train station should be located, a highly visible preservationist is arguing the new station should be in downtown Buffalo on Exchange Street.
WBFO's Mike Desmond reports
Passenger trains have been rolling along Exchange Street since before the Civil War. The decrepit condition of the current Amtrak station there precipitated a study of what to do, fueled by $1 million from Gov. Andrew Cuomo.
After the first part of the study, the choice sites have come down to the historic Old Central Terminal and somewhere downtown around the current station, using the current rail line between New York City and Toronto. Tielman says it is the best location for tourism and for business, arriving in an area surrounded by hotels and opportunities like Canalside.
"If you think about the station in tandem, particularly Exchange Street, and if you think of how companies and bureaucracies and everything work, it's 'let's do the least effort thing' and, in this case, the least effort thing is restored, fix the Exchange Street Station, which needs it," says Tielman. "I mean, the station's falling down."
The collapse of the ceiling in the current Amtrak station precipitated the governor to appoint Buffalo Mayor Byron Brown to put together a committee to pick a new site.
Tielman is a long-time supporter of the Central Terminal, but argues there are other ways to revive the East Side landmark. He says Exchange Street would join Amtrak, Metro Bus, Metro Rail and intercity bus companies like Greyhound and Trailways.
"The solution is to spend as little money as possible and to make it as convenient for as many people as possible and that would be putting a new station building along the old, existing tracks so the building would face Washington Street," says Tielman. "It would use the tracks Amtrak now uses to go in and out of Buffalo."
Tielman says centrally located stations like that are the wave of the present and the future.
"Every city you go to that really has a grip on its transportation issues is a dynamic place to visit," he says. "Think about where you may travel in the United States or in Europe, you get off the train and right outside the front door, there's your tram system, there's your bus system, whatever. It's convenient and it's all intermodal."
He says the Depew station that serves most Amtrak passengers in the region works as it is and serves passengers to and from Chicago.
PEORIA, Ill. (AP) -- Reed Timmer made all six of his free throws in the final 66 seconds and matched his season high with 32 points to guide Drake to 78-68 victory over Bradley on Saturday night.
Timmer hit four 3-pointers and sank 12 of his 14 free throws to help the Bulldogs (13-12, 7-5 Missouri Valley Conference) hand the Braves (17-8, 7-5) their first home loss of the season in conference play. Nick McGlynn had 14 points, Jalen Gibbs scored 10 and C.J. Rivers snared 10 rebounds for Drake. Timmer's 32 points also marks his career high.
Darrell Brown scored 20 and added eight assists, for a fourth straight game, for Bradley. Donte Thomas had 16 points and 12 rebounds for his fourth double-double of the season and Elijah Childs picked up his third double-double with 10 points and 10 boards.
Drake led 36-33 at halftime, but the Braves pulled even on Brown's 3-pointer on the first shot of the second half. Koch Bar's layup put the Braves on top 50-48 midway through the second half, but two Noah Thomas free throws knotted the score and Timmer's layup and a 3 from Graham Woodward put the Bulldogs up 55-50 with just under 11 minutes to play. Timmer scored the first five in a 9-2 run to put the game out of reach.
A homicide investigation is underway after a person with head trauma was found dead after a crash at the intersection of Eddy and Van Ness near San Francisco City Hall.At least two cars were involved in the crash.One of the cars is up on the sidewalk and crashed into a tree. There are numerous police there now including homicide detectives. Part of Eddy is shut down.
The student who filmed his professor calling Donald Trump's election “an act of terrorism” has received a one-semester suspension from Orange Coast College (OCC).
The previously anonymous student, Caleb O'Neil, has also received a number of other sanctions for recording his professor, Olga Pere Stable-Cox, including a mandatory meeting with the Dean of Students before he is readmitted, as well as remaining on disciplinary probation for one semester upon return from suspension.
"We haven't backed down yet, and we won't back down now."
Additionally, O'Neil must write an apology letter to professor as well as a three-page, double spaced essay discussing why he videotaped the professor despite “knowing that it was a violation of the course syllabus;” his “thoughts and analysis” on why he shared the video with others; what he thought would happen to Stable-Cox; the video's impact “and ensuing damage to Orange Coast College students, faculty, and staff;” “other choices [he] could have made to resolve the situation;” and “[how he] will prevent this from happening again in the future.”
If O'Neil, who is not a member of the OCC College Republicans, fails to satisfy any of the requirements laid out by OCC, he could be expelled from the Coast Community College District for good.
The email, sent by Interim Dean of Students Victoria Lugo, charged O'Neil with violating Student Code of Conduct against tape recording and unauthorized use of electronic devices in the classroom.
“Unauthorized recording is a serious violation of the Student Code of Conduct,” Lugo wrote. “This is clearly stated in the instructor's course syllabus in addition to the student code of conduct. When we spoke, you stated that you felt badly about the things that had happened to individuals as a result of this incident. It is my hope that this experience will lead you to truly think through your actions and the consequences of those actions when making decisions in the future. As we discussed, the conduct process is part of the overall college learning process and I do believe that valuable lessons have been gained from this experience.”
O'Neil has seven days from the reception of the letter, dated February 9, to appeal. If he chooses to do so, his sanctions will be “deferred until the outcome of [the] appeal is determined.” A hearing scheduled by the College Disciplinary Officer, or designee, will take place between 10 and 30 days later.
Joshua Recalde-Martinez, President Emeritus of OCC College Republicans, told Campus Reform that they were “very surprised and shocked,” when they heard about the email O'Neil received.
“Even I myself could pretty easily violate the electronic device recording statute. Anyone who uses their phone in class is automatically violating that portion of the student code of conduct,” Recalde-Martinez argued.
In response to the tape recording charge, Recalde-Martinez and the club's lawyers insist that “there is simply no clause in the [student conduct code] beyond using a tape recording device.”
“As soon as that happened we immediately began working with our lawyers in order to combat the actions that the school has taken against the student,” Recalde-Martinez said.
[RELATED: OCC recording a 'politically motivated effort,' faculty claim]
Caleb O'Neil is being represented by Bill Becker, founder and President of FreedomX, a law firm that protects conservative and religious freedom of expression. O'Neil and Becker will appear together on Wednesday, February 15th at 1:00PM for a press conference at the school, and also plan to file a notice of appeal with the OCC.
In an email from FreedomX, Bill Becker declared the school's actions "an attack by leftists in academia to protect the expressive rights of their radical instructors at the expense of the expressive rights of conservative students on campus.”
“He was in fear of retaliation by his instructor after she launched into a half-hour rant in which she labeled Trump a ‘white supremacist' and told the class she would no longer tolerate any person who voted for Trump,” the email continued. “O'Neil videotaped the rant over concerns that his grade might be lowered for the class because of his outward show of support for Trump. He intended to use the video to present to the administration as evidence of his concerns.”
O'Neill and the College Republicans seem uncowed.
“OCC can't continue its persecution of its students and their constitutional rights,” Recalde-Martinez stated. “We haven't backed down yet, and we won't back down now.”
Campus Reform reached out to Orange Coast College but did not receive a response in time for publication.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @RepublicanPeter
Spotted bass are some people's favorite and other people's least favorite bass. They were originally native to the Tennessee and Coosa River basins and have been widely introduced to other watersheds across the Southeast.
An old series of industrial buildings in North Buffalo may soon be replaced by more than 300 units of housing for graduate students, both from the University at Buffalo and the Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus.
The City Planning Board has a public hearing Tuesday on a proposal from DFFusion out of Provo, UT to demolish four of a group of industrial buildings at Main Street and Hertel Avenue and save two others. DFFusion builds student housing and is looking to spent around $30 million to replace buildings next to Bethune Lofts and then Bennett High School with graduate student housing.
DFFusion Principal David Freeman says the goal is to open in August 2019.
"It's actually, it's multi-family housing, but it's geared towards graduate students," he says. "It will be primarily studios or on-bedroom apartments. They're going to be furnished and we're excited to be at that location."
Freeman says the site, roughly across the street from the Metro Rail LaSalle Station, allows students to head north to UB and south to the Medical Campus.
"The subway, the proximity to Hertel and the university area there, there's entertainment and nightlife for the students, but it's also just a real nice, quiet location," he says.
Buffalo's Preservation Board has approved the demolitions on a brownfield site.
Transcript for How state trooper, DNA helped catch Mass. jogger's alleged killer 8 months later
A man wanted for the murder of a Google employee from New York is in custody Vanessa mark cut. Was killed while jogging near her mother's home in Massachusetts Eyewitness News anchor camera's auto has details about the break in the case. We got. The man police believe brutally attacked and assaulted 27 year old Vanessa Marc Ott is behind bars being held on ten million dollars bail he never lost base pay. It Tuesday. Last August Markota Google employee went for a jog in broad daylight near her mother's home in Massachusetts and never return not a day goes by. That we don't reflect on the enormity. Of law and now eight months later police arresting 31 year old Angela colon Ortiz. In connection with her death after a vigilant state trooper spotted him and a dark SUB matching one scene on the day that she was killed. Do believe he was working in the year and had been the sometime authorities say it was mark potter self who gave investigators the critical clue they needed. Putting up a fight. Getting her assailants DNA under her fingernails. Police say Cologne Ortiz gave them a voluntary DNA sample and it was a match that was heard determined by her rapids. That we obtain the DNA. Of her kill. A loving caring and intelligent young woman. Who had her whole life ahead of her in her brief 27 years she had already achieved the much but we know. She had much more to do Kendra shot or channel seven Eyewitness News.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Organizers hope to reach a goal of $25,000 by year's end to fund the Weekend Food for Kids program in the coming year. The program provides food for children who may have little food at home over the weekend. The food is discretely distributed at schools. Donations pay for the food. The Weekend Food for Kids program and the Monthly Community Pantry are under the umbrella of the Neighbors Feeding Neighbors nonprofit agency. Donations can be mailed to Neighbors Feeding Neighbors, P.O. Box 866, Granbury, Texas 76048.
The work session, which was scheduled to discuss items already on the agenda for Tuesday's regular council meeting, did not originally feature any items related to the park, but the task force was granted as a late addition to the agenda.
The task force recently approved preliminary designs to present to the Lebanon City Council, and task force Chair JeniLind Brinkman said she hoped the council could vote on the preliminary designs Tuesday.
Mayor Bernie Ash said he wanted to wait until the first council meeting in May to consider the preliminary designs.
In Lebanon, the mayor sets the council agenda, and Ash said the item would not be on Tuesday's agenda. However, according to Lebanon City Attorney Andy Wright, council members can vote to suspend the rules and add an item to the agenda.
“I have a strong suspicion the council will suspend the rules,” Ash said when a member of the task force asked him if the item would be considered Tuesday.
Traci Peel, appointed to the task force by Ash, spoke out against the park, and said the city is spending too much money on the park. The city previously approved a $5 million loan agreement for the park.
“Can you really look me in the eye and say it's the right thing to do?” Peel asked. Councilor Joey Carmack responded that the council had already voted on funding.
Councilor Rob Cesternino asked whether Peel was speaking as a member of the task force or a private citizen, as the funding was not the issue discussed by the council, but rather conceptual designs.
“I'm speaking as both right now,” Peel responded.
Cesternino said that task force members have a mandate that they have to follow, and that speaking as a private citizen during a work session was out of line. Private citizens may address the council during the public comment portion of meetings.
“Task force members need to stay in their lane,” Cesternino said.
Brinkman said the task force unanimously voted to send the designs to the city council for consideration. Two task force members were absent during the voting, and a third left the meeting before the vote. Brinkman said Peel was among those who voted in favor to send the designs to the city council.
“Leading this task force, I tried to give everyone a chance to have their voice heard, but not dominate the conversation,” she said. “Everyone who was present voted for it.”
Cesternino took exception to a remark Peel made regarding the origin of the park designs. The land where the park will be located was donated by Councilor Rick Bell and his family.
“(Peel) tried to disparage the former mayor (Philip Craighead) and Councilor Rick Bell by saying there was some nefarious activity going on behind the scenes,” Cesternino said. “It's a park for crying out loud.”
The Lebanon City Council meets Tuesday at 6 p.m. in the Town Meeting Hall at 200 N. Castle Heights Ave.
TOKYO (AP) — An American professor at Emory University and an Australian scientist have been awarded the Japan Prize for research in immunology.
The winners were announced Tuesday at a news conference in Tokyo.
The Japan Prize Foundation said the work of Emory pediatrician Dr. Max Cooper and Australian Professor Jacques Miller laid "the conceptual groundwork for our understanding of nearly all fields touched by immunology."
A third winner was Japanese inventor Akira Yoshino, recognized for work that is the foundation of the lithium-ion battery.
The prize comes with a cash award of 50 million yen ($460,000).
The Japan Prize honors scientists who have made significant contributions to science, technology and society to further the peace and prosperity of mankind.
Sunday's national average of $2.76 per gallon was the highest daily average since July 2015. Tennessee gas prices set a fresh new high of the year. Sunday's state average of $2.55 was the highest since September, when prices recovered from hurricanes Harvey and Irma.
The average price in Tennessee was 3 cents more than a week ago and 37 cents more than the same time last year.
The most expensive gas price averages in Tennessee were in Kingsport-Bristol at $2.59, Morristown at $2.58 and Nashville at $2.57. The least expensive gas price averages in Tennessee were in Chattanooga at $2.48, Memphis at $2.51 at Clarksville-Hopkinsville at $2.52.
On Sunday, Tennessee ranked 11th among states with the lowest gas prices. It cost $38 to fill an average-sized tank of gasoline in Tennessee. Tennessee motorists paid $6 more for a full tank of gas, compared to the same time last year.
“High oil prices are the main reason gasoline is so expensive right now,” said Mark Jenkins, spokesman for AAA. “The price of oil is about 25 percent more than last year, as what used to be a global supply glut, is now tightening. Now, the added expense for oil is making it more expensive to produce gasoline. In addition, gasoline demand is strong, and inventories are down, as refineries wrap-up their maintenance season and begin pushing out summer-blend gasoline. So there are currently a number of factors keeping upward pressure on gas prices.
“If we haven't already, gas prices will hit their annual peak within the next couple weeks. However, unforeseen circumstances like escalating geopolitical tensions or a hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico would cause prices to surge. Unfortunately, oil prices could still remain elevated heading into the summer travel season. Which means, travelers will likely find the most expensive summer gas prices in four years.”
Oil prices were $15 per barrel higher than the same time last year. Half the price of gasoline was determined by the price of oil. Oil prices were higher than a year ago due to strong global demand and reduced supply glut.
Nationally, the highest average price for gasoline was April 22 at $2.76; the lowest was Jan. 3 at $2.49. In Tennessee, the highest average price was April 22 at $2.55; the lowest was Jan. 1 at $2.26.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W.Va. (AP) — Vice President Mike Pence has paid a visit to a truck dealership in southern West Virginia, touting the tax cuts enacted by the Republican-controlled Congress while slamming the state's Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin, who voted against the plan.
Manchin faces re-election this year.
Pence says Manchin "has voted 'no' time and again on the policies that West Virginia needs."
Manchin has responded with a statement saying, "The Vice President's comments are exactly why Washington Sucks."
Pence, speaking at Worldwide Equipment Inc., says cuts in taxes and federal regulations prompted CEO Terry Dotson to give bonuses to all the company's 1,100 employees and move ahead with a new dealership in Charleston, South Carolina.
The $300 bonuses were paid in December when the tax bill was signed.
More than a baker's dozen of flour products have been pulled from grocery store shelves.
As of April 16, Ardent Mills recalled 16 varieties of Robin Hood and Creative Baker flour from stores across Canada with a wide range of product codes and package sizing.
"As a result of the food-safety investigation, the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) identified additional products that could pose a health risk. Those products have now been added to the updated recall warning," CFIA spokesperson Maria Kubacki said on Monday.
"The CFIA is warning the public not to consume these products," she added. "If consumers have any of the recalled products in their home, they should throw them out or return them to the store where they purchased them."
On its website, Ardent Mills said it is co-operating with CFIA's food safety inspection and direction to expand the flour-products recall.
"Ardent Mills is aware of one illness associated with the consumption of flour, and thankfully that person has fully recovered," the company said in a press release. "There have been no illnesses reported with the products subject to the April 12 and 16 voluntary recalls."
The company noted it is committed to doing all it can to provide ingredients that make safe, healthy and good tasting products.
But it does add that "flour is a raw agriculture commodity made from wheat, which is grown outdoors where bacteria and microbes, such as E. coli O121, are often present."
The release seems to suggest that because there is no heat process used to cure the wheat, it remains possible that E. coli O121 can still be harboured in the product until it is cooked.
"The normal milling process uses the simple, time-honoured traditions that were invented more than 100 years ago. Today's mills, however, have significantly improved food safety. Nonetheless, neither the original process nor today's process contain a kill step to eliminate microbes, such as E. coli O121 that may originate with the wheat. Common kill steps applied during food preparation include thoroughly boiling, baking, roasting, microwaving and frying. These so-called kill steps will render the microbes or bacteria harmless."
Initially, only 10-kilogram bags of Robin Hood All Purpose Flour with code BB/MA 2018 AL 17 and 6 291 548 that were sold in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba were considered to have been possibly contaminated with E-coli.
But as of April 4, the Public Health Agency of Canada opened the recall up to be one of national concern.
As of Sunday, Robin Hood bags of varying sizes containing the following codes are being recalled:
Lot codes:
BB/MA 2018 FE 02 and 6 307 548
BB/MA 2018 FE 03 and 6 308 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 26 and 6 300 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 26 and 6 300 548
BB/MA 2018 JA 24 and 6 298 548
BB/MA 2018 JA 25 and 6 299 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 25 and 6 299 548
BB/MA 2017 AU 25 and 6 299 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 27 and 6 301 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 28 and 6 302 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 28 and 6 307 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 29 and 6 303 548
Additionally, Creative Baker All Purpose Flour, 10-kg bags with lot code BB/MA 2017 OC 26 6 300 SK is also being recalled.
For more recall information, visit this Canadian Food Inspection Agency recall link.
CBrowne@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/cherylbrowne1
More than four decades after a 17-year-old girl from Akron, Ohio went missing from her home without a trace, a complete stranger may have uncovered what happened to her.
Linda Pagano, a 4-foot-10, 100-pound Springfield High School student, got into a fight with her stepfather on September 1, 1974, according to police records.
Byron Claflin told police that she left his apartment on foot. She was never heard from again.
“I just felt an empty pit, I knew,” Pagano's older brother, Michael Pagano, said.
Pagano said he and others thought she had been killed and pointed the finger at Claflin, but a body was never recovered and charges were never filed. He died in 1990.
“I had to accept the fact that I would die never knowing,” Pagano said. “Just like my mom did. She never knew.”
But more than 40 years later, Linda Pagano's memory would resurface, thanks to an amateur detective Reddit user who goes only by the name “callmeice.”
The user was sifting through old Cleveland Cemetery documents while looking into a different case. She came across listing for “unknown white female bones” that had been discovered on the banks of the Rocky River in Strongsville on February 5, 1975.
The cause of death was listed as “gunshot wound of head.” The bones were buried in Potter's Field a few months later.
“A call to the cemetery confirmed that no action had been taken since her interment, and further research at a local library of newspapers on microfiche turned up a handful of articles,” Callmeice wrote.
She was able to obtain the original autopsy report and case files, including a photo of the Strongsville Jane Doe's skull. Then a forensic artist used the photo to create a facial reconstruction.
A few months later, the artist noticed that the new reconstruction looked very similar to a picture of Linda Pagano that had been newly posted on the National Missing and Unidentified Missing Persons System database. The age, skeletal stature and time of disappearance all added up.
“The mouth is practically identical,” Michael Pagano said, staring in awe at the facial reconstruction.
Akron Police contacted the family in April to share the possible news and asked Michael and his sister to give DNA samples for comparison.
“We've never forgotten about this case,” said Lt. Rick Edwards of the Akron Police Department. “Hopefully we'll be able to go back to this family some day and say, ‘Here's your loved one. She was located.'”
Four months later and the DNA tests have yet to be completed. The family says they're trying to stay patient.
A spokesperson for the Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner's office said they are moving forward with an exhumation of the remains.
Investigators say that from that point they will be sent to a lab in Texas for testing. There is currently no timeline for when those results will be available.
Pagano said he and his family are bracing for the possibility that it's not Linda, but deep down he's convinced it's her.
“Its' something you feel down in here. Yeah. It's her,” Pagano said.
The Strongsville Police Department did not respond to a request for comment.
DETROIT (AP) — The mother of a G League basketball player who died in March after collapsing on the court during a game has filed a lawsuit accusing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons of negligence.
Zeke Upshaw played for the Grand Rapids Drive, a G League affiliate of the Pistons. He collapsed during a game at Grand Rapids on March 24 and died two days later .
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The NBA and Pistons are named as defendants, along with SSJ Group and The DeltaPlex Arena.
The lawsuit alleges that medical personnel at the game failed to attempt lifesaving measures in a timely fashion.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
The 200,000 people forced to evacuate their homes in Oroville have been told they can go back home.They were instructed to flee Sunday because a damaged spillway threatened to collapse and send water flowing into the valley north of Sacramento. Now, water levels at Lake Orville are dropping and it is expected to be low enough to handle an incoming storm.Work continues nonstop at the dam itself Tuesday night. The reprieve from mother nature has reduced the danger to surrounding communities, enough so that officials felt comfortable letting people return to their homes."We have concluded that it is safe to reduce the immediate evacuation order, currently in place to an evacuation warning," said Sheriff Kory Honea.Word came from the White House that Oroville and surrounding communities would be eligible for federal disaster relief."This situation is a textbook example of why we need to pursue a major infrastructure package in Congress," said White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer.By nightfall, the thousands of people who had left in such a hurry Sunday night were flowing back into downtown Oroville. Many businesses did not immediately open but prepared to Wednesday.Though clearly grateful to be back home and eager to return to some sense of normalcy, some here told ABC7 News they're already thinking about how to be better prepared if there is a next time."We're not sure if we're to keep our vehicles," said resident Chuck S. "Not quite sure about that one yet.""I'm still a little weary," said another resident Gail McElroy. "Still got everything packed up."
The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
10:40 a.m.
The prosecutor's office in St. Louis will drop a felony charge of computer data tampering against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, now that the Republican governor has announced his resignation.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced the decision Wednesday, a day after Greitens' surprise announcement that he would step down effective Friday afternoon.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity he founded, The Mission Continues, for his 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis, stemming from an extramarital affair in 2015. The case was dismissed earlier this month and a special prosecutor in Jackson County is still considering whether to refile the charge.
———
This story has been corrected to reflect the charity's name as The Mission Continues.
———
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
She said Tuesday that her office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that he is resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
———
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted his grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest he would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that he is quitting with his mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday — marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged his resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
WWE legend Ric Flair was admitted into intensive care over the weekend, multiple outlets reported.
A representative for Flair, 68, tweeted out a plea for "prayers & positive energy" for the two-time WWE Hall of Famer.
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
Flair went to the hospital for heart-related issues on Saturday, Pro Wrestling Sheet reported. Flair's representative tweeted that it was routine and that there was no reason to panic.
ABU DHABI, United Arab Emirates--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--His Excellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of Afghanistan, inaugurated the Abu Dhabi Fund for Development (ADFD) financed Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed City Housing Complex in Afghanistan. Located in the Qasaba district of Afghanistan's capital Kabul, ADFD contributed an estimated US$192 million to the social housing development project.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005711/en/
His Excellency Mohammed Saif Al Suwaidi, Director General of ADFD, during the official inauguration ceremony of the 3,330-residential unit Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed City in Afghanistan (Photo: AETOSWire)
Aimed at increasing the supply of affordable accommodation options in the country, the crucial project encompasses 3,330 residential units. Including extensive infrastructure works such as roads, water, and electricity networks and support services, the project seeks to elevate living standards for its residents through its power stations that generate 22 megawatts of energy with minimal downtime.
Present at the event were His Excellency Mohammed Saif Al Suwaidi, Director General of ADFD, His Excellency Saif Al Shamsi, Charge d'affaires at the UAE Embassy in Afghanistan, His Excellency Sadat Mansoor Nader, Afghan Minister of Urban Development and Housing, and several high-ranking Afghan officials.
Al Suwaidi, said: “In line with the directive of the UAE leadership to support the Afghan government's housing development goals, the construction was funded by the ADFD-managed Abu Dhabi government grant earmarked for Afghanistan. Not only will this crucial project provide adequate housing for thousands of Afghan citizens, it also will go a long way in bolstering the country's social housing sector.
ADFD is committed to supporting the Afghan government in overcoming the challenges facing Afghanistan, reaching the country's desired development goals, and achieving long-term prosperity.”
Moreover, His Excellency Sadat Mansoor Nader praised the efforts of the UAE in implementing humanitarian and development programmes in Afghanistan. He noted that the 53.8-hectare project will provide housing options to suit the lifestyle of Afghan families.
Since it first commenced supporting development projects in Afghanistan in 1977, ADFD has allocated US$325 million towards the development of 14 projects that contributed to the economic and social development of the country.
ADFD is a national organisation owned by the Abu Dhabi government. Established in 1971, its purpose is to help to emerge countries by providing concessionary loans to finance sustainable development projects alongside other long-term investments and direct contributions. ADFD manages Abu Dhabi government grants and monitors the course of the relevant projects. It has invested AED80 billion in development projects across 88 countries.
*Source:
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005711/en/
CONTACT: ADFD
Fatima AlBlooshi, +97126677100
falblooshi@adfd.ae
Facebook,Twitter,Instagram
KEYWORD: UNITED ARAB EMIRATES ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CANADA MIDDLE EAST AFGHANISTAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PHILANTHROPY OTHER PHILANTHROPY
SOURCE: Abu Dhabi Fund for Development
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:37 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:37 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005711/en
Size matters. Especially when it's 15 feet.
If an Olympic hockey coach coming from North America tried to imitate Gene Hackman in "Hoosiers" and took a tape measure to the rinks in South Korea, it wouldn't add up. International-sized ice is 15 feet wider than rinks used in the NHL, American Hockey League and NCAA —100 feet compared to 85 — and that's more than enough to change everything.
"It's totally different: two different sports," said Henrik Sedin, who won the 2006 Olympic gold medal with Sweden on the larger ice. "You can have players that are good in the NHL but they can't play on the bigger ice, and then you have guyed the other way around where they really succeed on the big ice but when they come over here, they can't play. It's a different sport."
Big ice makes a big difference where goals are at a premium and five-man defensive units can make the outer edges of the rink feel like a distant planet. Going to the 200-by-100 international ice is a (far-fetched) idea some have suggested might increase scoring in the NHL, but Slovak Olympic coach Craig Ramsay recalls playing for the Buffalo Sabres against the New York Rangers on the big sheet in Lake Placid, New York, and the quality of play and offense did not match everyone's expectations.
"It was a hard game because people would be more than willing to beat you (wide) but now they're 50 feet from the net instead of 40 and there's a big difference," Ramsay said. "The (defensemen) are smart and can push you a little bit wider (and) your angles are not nearly as good and the goaltender now can cut down that angle and it's not as easy to score as people think."
Canada scored just six goals in its three medal-round games in winning gold in Sochi in 2014, one of four Olympics featuring NHL players on international ice. Canada also won in 2002 on big ice and in 2010 when the International Ice Hockey Federation allowed for NHL-sized rinks to use the ones already in place in Vancouver.
In Sochi, Canada coach Mike Babcock employed Ralph Krueger as his big-ice consultant, and it paid off with North American NHL players tailoring their game to the style of play.
"You kind of just have to shrink the ice down a little bit," said Jamie Benn, who won gold with Canada in Sochi. "We were changing little things on the ice to try and get an advantage with the big ice. You definitely have more time and more space, but in the end it'll always come back to the middle of the ice."
The fear for NHL players from the U.S. and Canada has always been getting caught on the outside on the big ice. That should be less of a concern this time around with rosters largely made up of players currently skating on international-size ice in Europe. The U.S. has 15 players and Canada has 20 who are based in European professional leagues, which was very much by design.
"That is an advantage from a standpoint that they know the angles," U.S. coach Tony Granato said. "The big sheet, there are different styles that we're going to play against so internationally you're going to see a lot of teams that sit back in a 1-4 to clog the neutral zone. Lots of countries use that style of play. We're going to have to, obviously, prepare our guys to be ready for seeing things differently than you see in North America."
Several European-born NHL players said there is less hitting, more trapping and the overall pace is slower on the bigger ice.
European teams have the advantage of players who learned to play on the big ice, even though many excelled in the NHL. Someone like 17-year-old Sweden defenseman Rasmus Dahlin could be a perfect fit for this style of play, along with Russian playmakers Ilya Kovalchuk and Pavel Datsyuk who can take advantage of the extra room.
"It's a lot more of a puck-possession game, definitely, when you play on the bigger ice," Canada assistant general manager and gold-medal-winning goalie Martin Brodeur said. "I think the fact that you're going to play against European guys that are used to playing on that ice surface, it was the big difference. I think now having most of our players playing in Europe, I don't think it's going to be that big of adjustment for these guys to play in these games."
___
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at https://twitter.com/SWhyno
___
More AP Olympic coverage: https://wintergames.ap.org
Photo Gallery of IMG_8319 Kids participated in a potato sack race on Saturday, April 15 at Sea Canyon Park during the city's Egg Hunt. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8324 Kids participated in a potato sack race on Saturday, April 15 at Sea Canyon Park during the city's Egg Hunt. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8325 Kids participated in a potato sack race on Saturday, April 15 at Sea Canyon Park during the city's Egg Hunt. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8334 Kids participated in a potato sack race on Saturday, April 15 at Sea Canyon Park during the city's Egg Hunt. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8338 Kids participated in a potato sack race on Saturday, April 15 at Sea Canyon Park during the city's Egg Hunt. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8344 Kids participated in a potato sack race on Saturday, April 15 at Sea Canyon Park during the city's Egg Hunt. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8348 Kids participated in a potato sack race on Saturday, April 15 at Sea Canyon Park during the city's Egg Hunt. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8375 Kids in the 0-3 age group ran across the grass to gather eggs, candy and more during the city's Egg Hunts. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8382 Kids in the 0-3 age group ran across the grass to gather eggs, candy and more during the city's Egg Hunts. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8384 Kids in the 0-3 age group ran across the grass to gather eggs, candy and more during the city's Egg Hunts. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8389 Kids in the 0-3 age group ran across the grass to gather eggs, candy and more during the city's Egg Hunts. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8391 Kids in the 0-3 age group ran across the grass to gather eggs, candy and more during the city's Egg Hunts. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8393 Kids in the 0-3 age group ran across the grass to gather eggs, candy and more during the city's Egg Hunts. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8405 500-700 kids participated in the city's egg hunt on Saturday, April 15 at Sea Canyon Park. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8413 A petting zoo was set up during the city's egg hunt on Saturday, April 15 at Sea Canyon Park. Photo: Kristina Pritchett IMG_8417 A petting zoo was set up during the city's egg hunt on Saturday, April 15 at Sea Canyon Park. Photo: Kristina Pritchett Open as list Close List VIEW GALLERY
By Kristina Pritchett
On Saturday, about 500 kids of all ages dashed across the grass at Sea Canyon Park to gather eggs, candy and goodies during the city's annual Egg Hunt.
The city hosted two events, the other at Pines Park in Capistrano Beach, where kids of all ages could run across the park to get full-sized candy bars, eggs filled with goodies and one special golden egg.
The day's events included a petting zoo, games, races and a pancake breakfast sponsored by the Monarch Beach Sunrise Rotary and Satellite Club to benefit local charities.
City officials said there were between 500-700 kids participating in the event.
WOODMERE, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — A Far Rockaway man is facing criminal charges, accused of posing as a police officer at a Long Island synagogue.
Congregants heading for prayer services inside the Young Israel of Woodmere Temple are still disgusted by one visitor's attempt Saturday to portray himself as law enforcement.
“He tried being a cop, impersonating a police officer,” Macis Rand of Nassau County said.
Rand says some congregants inside the Temple knew the man who tried to portray himself as a police officer. Rand is particularly angry it happened on the Sabbath.
“When I heard the news, that's pretty crazy doing it to a schul, I don't know what he was hoping to gain from it,” Rand said.
Temple security staff says 28-year-old Mikhail Mikhaylov first parked in an unauthorized spot then walked in wearing an NYPD baseball cap with handcuffs, mace, and a gold badge.
The head of security told police “I heard him say he was a cop but did not see his ID.”
When asked for ID, Mikhaylov allegedly said “you mean my shield?”
Mikhaylov then reportedly told security his ID was in his car before going to the parking lot and racing away.
Security wrote down his license plate number and arrested him at his home the next day.
One neighbor says it's part of a disturbing trend.
“It particularly happens in the law enforcement area because a lot of people ride around pretending to be cops because they want to be somebody they're not,” neighbor Pete Wagner said.
Congregants say Mikhaylov said he had a gun and two knives in the car, but he's facing no charges for that. His legal aid attorney says he simply went to the temple to pray.
Temple leaders did not comment on whether Mikhaylov is a congregation member.
He's now facing criminal impersonation charges in the second degree and is being held on a $2,500 bond.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Turkey's state-run news agency says at least two people have been wounded in a rocket attack from northern Syria on a Turkish border town.
Anadolu Agency said two rockets fired by Syrian Kurdish fighters in the enclave of Afrin struck a house and a garden wall in the town of Reyhanli on Wednesday.
Two people were hospitalized, Anadolu reported, but there was no immediate information on their conditions.
It was the latest in a string of rocket attacks on Reyhanli and the border town of Kilis since Jan. 20, when Turkey's military launched a cross-border operation to drive out the Syrian Kurdish militia from Afrin.
The attacks have killed three people — two of them Syrian refugees — and wounded dozens of other people.
LONDON (AP) — In a twist straight out of a spy thriller, Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko showed up at a news conference in Kiev on Wednesday — a day after he was reportedly shot dead in the Ukrainian capital. Babchenko explained that his death had been faked as part of sting by Ukrainian security services to catch his would-be assassin.
It's an astonishing saga, but not the first time people under stress or duress have gone to the extreme of faking their own deaths. Here are a few cases:
JUAN PUJOL
Spanish chicken farmer Juan Pujol, codenamed Agent Garbo, played a key role in the Allied invasion of Normandy during World War II. He pretended to be an agent of Germany, but was really working for Britain's MI5, feeding the Nazis misleading information about Allied war efforts.
His greatest success was persuading German commanders that the Allied invasion would come in France's Pas de Calais region, far north of the real Normandy landing beaches.
After the war, fearing revenge from surviving Nazis, he traveled with MI5 help to Angola where in 1949 he faked his death from malaria. Pujol, very much alive, moved to Venezuela, where he ran a bookshop. He died in 1988.
____
KEN KESEY
Ken Kesey — ringmaster of acid-tripping band of 1960s jesters the Merry Pranksters — had published the acclaimed novel "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" when he was arrested in 1965 for marijuana possession.
Fearing prison, he left his truck parked on a cliff-side road in California with an apparent suicide note reading "Ocean, Ocean, I'll beat you in the end" and was smuggled into Mexico in the trunk of a friend's car. He returned to the United States several months later, was arrested and served several months in prison.
Kesey spent the rest of his life in Oregon and died in 2001 at the age of 66.
___
JOHN STONEHOUSE
John Stonehouse was a British Labour lawmaker with financial troubles. With his business ventures crumbling, Stonehouse went to Florida in 1974 and faked his own death by leaving his clothes in a bundle on a Miami beach.
He was arrested a month later in Australia where he was living under an alias taken from a dead former constituent. Extradited to Britain, he was sentenced to seven years for theft, fraud and deception.
After being released, Stonehouse reinvented himself as the author of several thrillers. He died in 1988, aged 62.
Two decades after his death, it was revealed that Stonehouse had been a Czech spy throughout the 1960s. Papers released by Britain's National Archives revealed that the British government had found out about Stonehouse's spying while he was still alive, but covered it up as there was too little evidence to put him on trial.
___
DAVID FRIEDLAND
New Jersey state senator Friedland was a rising star in political circles until he was caught taking $300,000 in kickbacks in 1980. He was sentenced to seven years in jail, but avoided prison by agreeing to help the government catch other thieves.
Friedland resumed his fraud, looting the pension funds of the Teamsters Union of more than $1 million. In 1985, when he learned an indictment was imminent, he traveled to the Bahamas and faked his death in a scuba-diving accident. Friedland eluded authorities until 1987, when he was captured in the Maldives, where he was running a scuba-diving business.
On his release from prison in 1997, he had few regrets about his years on the run.
"It would play better to say I had a miserable time, but that isn't true," he told the Asbury Park Press. "It was fun."
___
PHILIP SESSAREGO
Tom Carew was the best-selling author of "Jihad!" — an account of special forces operations in Afghanistan written by a former member of Britain's elite Special Air Service. In the weeks after the Sept, 11 attacks, Carew appeared on television as an expert on the Taliban.
But Carew was really Philip Sessarego, who had served in the regular British army, not the SAS. In 1993, Sessarego had faked his death in a car bombing in Croatia and reinvented himself as the dashing Carew.
After the ruse was exposed by the BBC in November 2001, Sessarego moved to Belgium. His decomposed body was found in a garage in Antwerp in 2008. Police said he had likely died of carbon monoxide poisoning.
JERUSALEM (AP) — Israeli police are scuffling with activists protesting the planned demolition of a Bedouin hamlet in the West Bank.
Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld says two people were arrested for throwing stones at officers in Khan al-Ahmar on Wednesday. Police could be seen dragging a handcuffed woman and pushing a Bedouin man. A construction vehicle flattened earth near the site.
The village is set to be demolished on an unknown date. Israel agreed to resettle the 180 or so residents in an area 12 kilometers (seven miles) away.
Israel says the structures were illegally built and pose a threat to residents because of their proximity to a highway.
Critics say it is nearly impossible to get building permits, and that the residents are being removed to clear the way for Jewish settlements.
Getty Image
The 2017 rookie class appears to be a very strong one for the NBA and, on the whole, that is fantastic for the league. However, the group of talented young players, headlined by those at the point guard position, appear to be leaning in something of a controversial direction with regard to one particular point of view regarding all-time NBA greats.
First, Lakers guard Lonzo Ball sided with Kobe Bryant in the seemingly eternal debate concerning L.A.'s long-time centerpiece when compared to LeBron James, although he said for his whole life he'd thought it was James before donning a Laker uniform changed his opinion. Now, No. 1 overall pick Markelle Fultz is doing the same and he said as much in an interview with SiriusXM NBA Radio.
Milashina spoke to the Washington Post on Friday from an undisclosed location outside of Moscow, where she lived and worked until recently. During the interview she said:
Advertisement
Advertisement
Now I think I will leave the country for a while, too. It doesn't matter that Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov announced clearly that journalists are under the Kremlin's protection and that no one can kill them for their professional duty. The threat still exists. So, I will just live for a while in another country. Still working on Chechnya—I can come from this country to the region. I have a lot of sources, and I have a lot of information. I will continue my work.
Milashina said and her colleagues are on alert because of a jihad threatened against the staff of Novaya Gazeta during a meeting of 15,000 people at a Chechen mosque. She explained:
Not just me, but all the people working at the newspaper are now in danger, because this was a clear jihad message. We will persecute you for tarnishing the honor of the Chechen nation, this nasty thing that you said. There are gays among Chechen people? We will persecute you until the last person at Novaya Gazeta dies. It's unbelievable. It reminds us of the situation with Charlie Hebdo.
According to Milashina, though Novaya Gazeta has written about Chechnya for years, none of its stories have elicited such a strong response. Journalist Anna Politkovskaya covered Chechnya for the paper for years before she was murdered in 2006.
Sponsored
Milashina said around 100 people have escaped Chechnya because of the witch hunt, though how many remain is uncertain. To the Post, she also criticized Russia's apparent apathy regarding the treatment of gay men in Chechnya:
ZSL Whipsnade Zoo has finished restoration work on the Whipsnade White Lion, a famous chalk image that has overlooked the Dunstable Downs in Bedfordshire since 1933.
CLICK THE LINK ABOVE OR THE ICON IN THE MAIN IMAGE TO VIEW A PICTURE GALLERY OF THE CHALK LION RESORATION
No Caption ABCDE PNL-180319-113333001
Following the donation of more than 800 tonnes – or 50 lorry loads – of chalk, the Zoo was able to start resurfacing the iconic landmark in September 2017. Winter weather and a steep incline made the restoration work challenging, but the final load of chalk was carefully smoothed out over the lion's mane today (Tuesday 20 March).
General manager of ZSL Whipsnade Zoo, Owen Craft said: “We are delighted to have restored this iconic landmark to its original glory. ZSL Whipsnade Zoo is incredibly proud of the Whipsnade White Lion, which has stood proudly overlooking the Dunstable Downs since 1933.
“As a site of Special Scientific Interest, the Whipsnade White Lion and the area around it are cared for by the Zoo all year round, using environmentally-friendly products to protect the native plants and animals. This new coating of chalk has made a huge difference to the eye-catching brilliance of the landmark and I can't wait for all our Easter visitors, as well as our wonderful, local communities, to see it looking so great, as they drive towards the Zoo.”
The Whipsnade White Lion was designed by R.B. Brook-Greaves, and work began to create it in November 1931. By the following April, the rough outline of the 147 metre-long lion was visible on the side of the Dunstable Downs. Ivinghoe Beacon was often used as a vantage point to check the accuracy of the outline. Almost two acres of land had to be cleared to reveal the chalk, and the lion was finally finished in the spring of 1933. During the Second World War, the lion was covered to prevent it from being used by enemy aircraft as a navigation point. In May 1981, as part of ZSL Whipsnade Zoo's 50th anniversary celebrations, the lion was illuminated using 750 lightbulbs.
Owen Craft continued: “This Easter, our family activities at ZSL Whipsnade Zoo centre around celebrating animal superpowers, and what could be a greater symbol of that than a 147 metre-long super-lion!”
Superpowers at ZSL Whipsnade Zoo runs every day from Friday 30 March to Sunday 15 April 2018.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News)—The Northeast and Yilan Coast National Scenic Area Administration will launch the new Zhuangwei Sand-Dune Taiwan Tourist Shuttle line on June 1, with stops including the newly inaugurated Zhuangwei Sand-Dune Visitor Service Park and many other attractions along the Yilan coastline.
The scenic area administration said on Thursday that the design of the Zhuangwei Sand-Dune Visitor Service Park is inspired by the area's natural sand-dune landscape and is equipped with a visitor center, an exhibition center, and a “Forest of Tomorrow” shop.
The service park, located by 149.3K, Provincial Highway 2, provides visitors with high-quality facilities and services, the scenic area administration said.
In order for visitors to be able to visit the new visitor service park and other attraction along the Yilan coastline, the scenic area administration said it will launch the new Zhuangwei Sand-Dune Taiwan Tourist Shuttle line that connects Yilan Transfer Station with Toucheng Railway Station (Green 18) on June 1.
Along the line, there are stops at many popular places and hot Facebook check-in spots, including Yilan Railway Station (Jimmy Square), Zhuangwei Sand-Dune Visitor Service Park, Yongzhen Seaside Park, the Dafu coastal recreation area, Toucheng Forest Park (the octagonal observation tower), Seaview Coffee, and Wushi Harbor, the agency said.
Bus service operation hours are 8:30 a.m. until 4:30 p.m., and the service frequency is a bus every 60 minutes on weekdays, and 30 minutes between buses on weekends and holidays, the scenic area administration said, adding that the bus fare is calculated on the basis of sections. The fare is divided into two sections, with the Zhuangwei Sand-Dune Visitor Service Park being the dividing point, and the fare for each section is NT$20, the agency said.
In addition, five specially priced Zhuangwei Sand-Dune Line ticket packages, including the package for biking along the Yilan Coastal Bikeway, will be on sale, beginning June 7.
For tourists who would like to visit the Yilan Coastal Bikeway, the launch of the Zhuangwei Sand-Dun Line is really great news.
For more information, visit the Taiwan Tourist Shuttle official website.
Jimmy Square by JerryLai0208
​
The Zhuangwei Sand-Dune Visitor Service Park (Photo by the Northeast and Yilan Coast National Scenic Area Administration)
​
BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--The global smart home market ended on an upbeat note in 2017 reaching $84 billion, up 16% from $72 billion in 2016 according to a report just released by. According to the report, “”, worldwide consumer spending on smart home devices, systems and services will total nearly $96 billion in 2018 and grow at 10% CAGR over the forecast period (2018 to 2023) to $155 billion. North America will account for 41% of total spending or $40 billion, followed by the Asia-Pacific region at $26 billion and Western Europe at $17 billion.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006126/en/
Households with "Smart" Systems: Global Total (Graphic: Strategy Analytics)
New offerings from big brand tech firms such as Amazon, Google (Nest), ADT and Samsung are driving adoption in North America. In Europe, UK-based Centrica Connected Homes' Hive along with Deutsche Telekom's Magenta Home, Germany's eQ-3 and the Netherlands Enco's Toon are stimulating market demand. In Asia-Pacific, China's Xiaomi, Korean service provider LG U+, Japan's iTSCOM and Panasonic, as well as, Origin and Telstra in Australia are powering the market.
“The market continues to mature,” stated Bill Ablondi, Director of Strategy Analytics' Smart Home Strategies advisory service. “Consumer awareness is rising, prices are coming down, and the technology is becoming more intuitive. Yet, there is still a high degree of fragmentation, with numerous firms competing for smart home consumers. Who will ultimately succeed in capturing growth in this market remains unclear.”
About Strategy Analytics
Strategy Analytics, Inc. provides the competitive edge with advisory services, consulting and actionable market intelligence for emerging technology, mobile and wireless, digital consumer and automotive electronics companies. With offices in North America, Europe and Asia, Strategy Analytics delivers insights for enterprise success.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006126/en/
CONTACT: Strategy Analytics, Inc.
Bill Ablondi, +1 617-614-0744
wablondi@strategyanalytics.com
or
Jack Narcotta, +1 617-614-0798
jnarcotta@strategyanalytics.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MASSACHUSETTS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS HARDWARE INTERNET AUDIO/VIDEO SECURITY MOBILE/WIRELESS
SOURCE: Strategy Analytics, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 12:52 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 12:52 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006126/en
Happy Fourth of July! Celebrate Independence Day with this fruity star-spangled sangria from lifestyle blog Heart and Seam.
From fashion and beauty to wellness and recipes Heart and Seam founder Janet Cooke shares real-life experiences on her blog from her home in New Hampshire -- including her festive and tasty summer sangria recipe.
Heart and Seam Lifestyle Blog
"This is a fun festive spin on a classic sangria recipe," Cooke told "GMA." "The best part about this recipe is that you can make it in large batches so it's perfect for a Fourth of July cookout where there will be lots of family and friends to enjoy."
Check out the full recipe and pour this red, wine and blueberry beverage all day for friends and family.
Heart and Seam Lifestyle Blog
Ingredients
1 bottle red wine (I like Pinot Noir or Shiraz)
1-1/2 cups cranberry juice
1 cup brandy
juice from one large orange
2 cups fresh blueberries
8 ounces fresh strawberries cut in quarters
Club soda
Directions
To a large pitcher add wine, cranberry juice, brandy and orange juice.
Add blueberries and strawberries. Chill for a few hours.
To serve, fill glasses half full with ice and use a slotted spoon to add fruit from the pitcher to each glass. Pour liquid over ice and fruit, top with club soda and serve.
Tips
Add raspberries, blackberries and even apples to create even more of a festive drink.
Be sure to add the ice to the glasses and not the pitcher itself. You will dilute the sangria if you add directly to the pitcher.
It appears Starwood Capital Group may be switching horses in its homebuilding investment business after community and mixed-use developer Forestar Group Inc. agreed to be acquired by affiliates of Starwood Capital in a $605 million deal. The transaction price of $14.25 for each share of Forestar represents an 8.2% premium to the 90-day volume weighted average price of common stock of the company.
WASHINGTON (AP) — As Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visits the White House, the Trump administration has suggested that peace between the Israelis and Palestinians may not come in the form of a two-state solution — a position that could represent a dramatic shift from 20 years of U.S. policy.
Speaking to reporters ahead of President Donald Trump's meeting Wednesday with Netanyahu, a senior White House official said Tuesday that Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal between the two sides and hoping to bring them together soon.
But the official, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the meeting beforehand, said it will be up to the Israelis and Palestinians to determine what peace will entail — and that peace, not a two-state solution, is the goal.
For decades, the U.S. position has been that Israelis and Palestinians must work through direct negotiations to establish two states living side by side, at peace, with Palestinians to ultimately create an independent state. All serious peace negotiations in that time have assumed that the two-state solution was the basis for future peace.
State Department officials expressed surprise at the comments and said Tuesday they were not aware of any policy shift on the desirability of a two-state solution. Three officials said the department was seeking clarification from the White House comments, which came as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was having dinner with Netanyahu. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.
During his final White House news conference, Obama warned that the moment for a two-state solution "may be passing" and said the "status quo is unsustainable."
It was not clear if the Trump White House had intended to declare a major shift in policy during the hastily arranged briefing Tuesday night.
Netanyahu is scheduled to meet with Trump at the White House Wednesday. The two leaders will hold a joint news conference before convening for meetings and a working lunch. The prime minister will then head to Capitol Hill for meetings with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
Trump takes pride in his deal-making skills and said during his campaign that he'd love the challenge of negotiating a Mideast agreement. He has appointed his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to lead the effort.
The White House official said the visit was meant to mark a new, closer relationship between Israel and the United States, an alliance that came under strain during the Obama years.
Trump and Netanyahu are likely to discuss peace efforts as well as expanded Israeli settlements, Iran and Trump's campaign pledge to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
The latter would signal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, a move that would infuriate Palestinians. They claim the eastern sector of the city, captured by Israel in the 1967 war, as their capital.
American presidents have long struck a delicate balance fin addressing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, stressing the close U.S. friendship with Israel and lavishing the Jewish state with bountiful aid. But recent presidents also have tried to negotiate, and they have called out Israel for actions seen as undermining peace efforts, such as expanding settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Trump told The Associated Press during his campaign that he wanted to be "very neutral" and try to get both sides together. But his tone became decidedly more pro-Israel as the campaign progressed. He has spoken disparagingly of Palestinians, saying they have been "taken over" by or are condoning militant groups. Some of his top aides challenge the legitimacy of Palestinian demands for a state.
After repeatedly clashing with Obama for eight years, capped by a U.N. Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements, Netanyahu seemed relieved by Trump's arrival. Trump slammed the U.S. decision to abstain from the U.N. vote, saying in December that Israel is being treated "very, very unfairly."
Now in office, however, Trump has been forced to re-evaluate and revisit his position on a number of issues — including those relating to Israel.
After initially greeting Israel's settlement announcements with a shrug, Trump appears to be having second thoughts. In an interview with a pro-Netanyahu Israeli daily last Friday, Trump said, "I am not somebody that believes that going forward with these settlements is a good thing for peace."
While Wednesday's meeting is expected to be much warmer than Netanyahu's famously tense encounters with Obama, the Israeli leader will still need to tread with caution on sensitive issues like Israeli settlement construction, Iran and the war in Syria.
In dealing with Trump, Netanyahu will also face some potential pitfalls. Key constituencies, including congressional Democrats and many American Jews, oppose Trump's policies, while at home Netanyahu is under pressure from his hard-line allies to push for policies that Trump may not support.
"Netanyahu seeks to shift the discussion in the U.S.-Israel relationship away from settlements and peace and back to Iran so that he can put off the difficult political decisions that would roil his coalition and put his rule in jeopardy," said Yousef Munayyer, a political analyst and executive director of the U.S. Campaign for Palestinian Rights.
"The challenge to Netanyahu is domestic," Munayyer added. "He spent so much time arguing that Obama was the problem that now that we are in the post-Obama era, his right-wing coalition partners want to exploit the moment and take huge steps that would further isolate Israel, trigger international condemnation from other corners, and potentially destabilize the land and Israeli politics."
Ahead of the visit, Netanyahu said he would handle ties with the U.S. in a "prudent manner," but he steered clear of specifics.
The Israeli prime minister is also scheduled to have breakfast Thursday with Vice President Mike Pence before departing for Israel.
__
Associated Press writer Josh Lederman contributed to this report.
Transcript for Illicit alcohol seized at popular Mexico restaurants, clubs
Now to that major seizure of illicit alcohol in Mexico suspending operations at spots and taking in alcohol from places including that resort where a 20-year-old American tourist died and Linzie Janis has new developments. Good morning, Linzie. Reporter: When 20-year-old abbey conner drowned at that resort this past January her family urged authorities there to launch an investigation into contaminated booze. Now, Mexico apparently taking massive action in this latest seizure taking 10,000 gallons from just one company that supplies those resorts. Overnight, Mexican authorities sweeping through 31 of the most popular nightclubs and restaurants in cancun and playa del Carmen suspending operations at two of them after unsanitary alcohol was found. One suspended the lobby bar at the eye beer resort where abbey conner drowned after she and her brother consumed shots in the hotel pool. Last month Austin spoke with ABC's gio Benitez about the moments before he blacked out. The bartender pours out a line of shots and they come all the way down and I take one and everyone else does. And the last thing I remember was just like we are right now sitting here talking and lights went out and I woke up in the ambulance. So you went from fine to blacked out. Yep. In seconds. Like I said I felt completely Normal. Reporter: A guest found both of them floating face down in the pool. Abbey rushed to the hospital but it was too late. The conner family wondered if tainted alcohol, a toxic mix of cheap ingredients could be partially to blame. Other families started to come forward recalling how they suddenly blacked out after a few drinks at various resorts. Mexican officials say they've seized 1.4 million gallons of tainted alcohol from Mexican businesses including resorts, clubs, bars, warehouses and manufacturers in the past seven years. This video shows one of the largest seizures in 2015. 260,000 gallons taken from a warehouse in just one day. This morning abbey's mom telling the associated press this is awesome and huge and said there's a lot that needs to be cleaned up there and looked into further so that family is very pleased with this latest. Bless that family for wanting to help other families so something like this doesn't happen to them. So something good comes out of it. Coming up a new rip current warning after dozens of deaths
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
IOOF's “open architecture”, whereby it offers non-IOOF products and services, along with its microservices-focus approach to IT are key differentiators for the financial services firm, according to managing director Christopher Kelaher.
For example, the open architecture approach allows IOOF to offer separately managed accounts (SMAs), managed discretionary accounts (MDAs), international equity functioning offers, as well as a choice of retailer insurers to its customers, Kelaher today told a first half results briefing.
The approach is being extended to the technology employed by IOOF to deliver financial advice. “We are now moving to create open architecture on advice technology via software and advice tools,” Kelaher said.
The managing director said IOOF is being “proactive” when it comes to fintech and robo-advice, with the firm engaging in alliance negotiations with a number of fintech companies.
IOOF more than half a decade ago embarked on a major rework of its core superannuation system from a monolithic application to a microservices-based architecture. That investment has enabled the company's open architecture approach, Kelaher said.
“Choice is also important with [the] technology space and we have agile, modular IT delivery that supports and enables open architecture,” he said.
IOOF's “microservices open architecture” makes it possible to “plug in and easily integrate with external partners”.
“This puts us in the position where we can make the choice to build or partner with an external party,” the managing director said. “Again, having this choice is a key differentiator from our competitors. Clients often want different things. Because we have the benefit of choice, we are in a position where we can provide our clients with bespoke solutions in a very timely fashion.”
IOOF last month appointed Sharam Hekmat as CIO, Kelaher noted.
“Sharam's experience in large financial services organisations will enable us to continue to build on what we have already achieved and focus on delivering what really matters to our clients,” the managing director said.
IOOF said that it had cut its IT costs in the first half. IT expenses were down $1.5 million in 1HY17, the company reported.
IOOF announced an underlying net profit after tax of $79.4 million for the half ending 31 December.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Depending on who is making the case, Alabama's special Senate election Tuesday is about either continuing the "Trump miracle" in Washington or allowing "decency" to prevail back home.
At the center is Roy Moore — "Judge Moore," to his supporters. The 70-year-old Republican was twice ousted as state Supreme Court chief justice after flouting federal law, and now he's attempting a political resurrection amid accusations of sexual misconduct with teenage girls when he was in his 30s.
In Moore's path is Democrat Doug Jones, a 63-year-old former U.S. attorney best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen who killed four black girls in a 1963 church bombing.
The winner will take the seat previously held by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Republicans hold a narrow 52-48 Senate majority. A routine election in Republican-dominated Alabama wouldn't be expected to alter that balance, because Alabamians haven't sent a Democrat to the upper chamber of Congress since 1992. President Donald Trump notched a 28-point win here in 2016 and remains popular in the state.
But Moore's baggage leaves the outcome enough in doubt that both Trump and his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, have weighed in with last-minute robocalls trying to sway voters.
The intensity also has spawned a steady stream of fake news stories that fill social media feeds of interested people in Alabama and beyond. An Associated Press analysis, in cooperation with Facebook, counted as many as 200 false or misleading reports heading into the weekend. One website claimed one of the women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. She did not. Meanwhile, Moore's detractors took to social media to claim he had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office. He didn't.
In his final pitch before polls open, Jones called the choice a "crossroads" and asked that "decency" prevail.
"We've had this history in the past, going down the road that ... has not been productive," Jones said. "We've lagged behind in industry. We've lagged behind in education. We've lagged behind in health care. It's time we take the road that's going to get us on the path to progress."
At his own election eve rally, Moore again denied all the allegations, calling them "disgusting" and offering voters a clear measure: "If you don't believe in my character, don't vote for me." Earlier in the day, Moore cast himself as the victim. "It's just been hard, a hard campaign," he said.
For Alabama, the outcome could be defining.
Democrats and moderate Republicans see an opportunity to reject a politician who is already regular fodder for late-night television and enough of a curiosity that Chinese leader Xi Jinping paused a presidential meeting in Beijing recently to ask Trump through an interpreter, "Who is Roy Moore?"
Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed publicly that he wrote in a "distinguished Alabama Republican" rather than vote for Moore.
Many Republicans, however, see an opportunity to defend the state's conservative, evangelical bent in the face of unfair liberal criticism while delivering another victory for Trump and sending an anti-establishment senator into a federal government that has been reflexively unpopular among Alabama majorities for generations.
Trump's campaign architect and former White House adviser Steve Bannon told Moore supporters Monday evening that the race is a "national election" that will determine whether the "Trump miracle" continues. Moore says he is aligned with the president and he makes similar arguments to Trump, blasting "the elite" in the "swamp" of Washington, D.C.
For Jones to win, he must build an atypical coalition, maximizing turnout among African-American voters and white liberals who often don't combine for more than 40 percent of the electorate, while coaxing votes from enough white Republicans who can't pull the lever for Moore.
One of Jones' celebrity backers framed the choice as being much less complicated.
"I love Alabama," said Leeds native and former NBA basketball star Charles Barkley, "but at some point we've got to draw a line in the sand and say, 'We're not a bunch of damn idiots.'"
Polls open at 7 a.m. local time.
___
Chandler reported from Midland City, Alabama. Follow Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https://twitter.com/StatehouseKim .
Tri3 Sleaford Triathlon Club thanked outgoing chairman Ann Le Bek as they held their annual meeting and awards night on Sunday.
Ann was thanked for her tireless work for the club over the last 12 months.
The club also looked forward to another successful year with a growing membership of both adult and junior triathletes.
But the evening, held at The Solo Club, in Sleaford, first reflected on this year's successes as the club celebrated its fourth anniversary in
October with an open duathlon event and staged another successful aquathon series in the summer.
Presentations were made to the individual efforts of the senior club members as well as the juniors who all trained and competed brilliantly in 2017.
Senior awards –
Endurance Event: Derek Jones; Extreme Event: Louise Short; Coaches' Award: Tim Crosby; New and Improved Athlete of the Year: Keely McNiffe; Chairman's Award: Charles and Phillip Roberts; Best Club Athlete: Adam Jackson; Midlands Sprint Series Winner: Wendy Procter; Members' Member: Andrew Clark; Services to the Club (also known as the Wally with the Brolly): Andrew Stevens.
Junior awards –
East Midlands Series-Top Boy: Ted Bentley; East Midlands Series–Top Girl: Georgia Lancaster; Coaches' Award (boy): Will Bentley; Coaches' Award (Girl): Adele Smith-Wood; Most Improved Boy: Ben McNiffe; Most Improved Girl: Lottie Wilkinson; Most Improved Swimmer (boy): Connor Nutley; Most Improved Swimmer (girl): Meriel Sheard; Tri3 Aquathon Series Winner: Georgia Lancaster.
* The club is planning a number of open events in 2018 and welcome new members from the age of eight.
For further information about the club, visit www.tri3sleaford.co.uk or their Facebook page at Tri3 Sleaford Triathlon Club.
August is National Breastfeeding Month and the folks at Mountain States Health Alliance's lactation services are in the business of providing support for families who have made the decision to breast-feed their children, and here to share with us more about national breastfeeding month are Chasta Hite and Dr. Angelica Johnson.
Advertisement
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
12:17 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Suspected attack around Mt of Olives was car accident An incident in the A Tur neighborhood, suspected to have been a ramming terror attack, has been clarified by police to be a road accident. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Global Forecast as of 12:00 GMT Tuesday, January 30, 2018
_____
City/Town, Country;Tuesday's Weather Condition;Tuesday's High Temp (F);Tuesday's Low Temp (F);Wednesday's Weather Condition;Wednesday's High Temp (F);Wednesday's Low Temp (F);Wednesday's Wind Direction;Wednesday's Wind Speed (MPH);Wednesday's Humidity (%);Wednesday's Chance of Precip. (%);Wednesday's UV Index
Abidjan, Ivory Coast;Partly sunny;90;77;A shower in the a.m.;88;77;SW;7;79%;66%;9
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates;More sun than clouds;70;62;Partly sunny, breezy;70;61;NW;18;53%;2%;5
Aleppo, Syria;Plenty of sunshine;55;37;Partly sunny;57;37;W;4;71%;7%;3
Algiers, Algeria;Plenty of sun;61;47;More clouds than sun;63;52;SE;5;63%;4%;2
Amsterdam, Netherlands;Mainly cloudy;45;38;Cloudy, rain ending;47;37;WSW;22;87%;82%;0
Anchorage, United States;Sunny, but cold;20;6;Cold with sunshine;17;2;N;9;62%;8%;1
Ashgabat, Turkmenistan;Not as cold;41;24;Mostly sunny, chilly;44;27;ESE;5;31%;3%;3
Astana, Kazakhstan;Plenty of sunshine;8;-13;Mostly cloudy;12;-11;S;7;75%;0%;2
Asuncion, Paraguay;A shower in the a.m.;90;75;A couple of t-storms;90;75;ESE;6;72%;70%;6
Athens, Greece;Mostly sunny;64;45;Partly sunny, nice;63;46;SSW;5;65%;2%;3
Auckland, New Zealand;Turning sunny, humid;78;68;A thick cloud cover;79;70;NE;15;60%;26%;5
Baghdad, Iraq;Plenty of sun;62;37;Plenty of sun;63;39;N;4;44%;1%;4
Banda Aceh, Indonesia;Occasional rain;92;75;A downpour;87;73;E;4;75%;74%;7
Bangalore, India;Sunny and nice;85;57;Sunny and pleasant;84;55;ESE;7;37%;0%;8
Bangkok, Thailand;Partly sunny, humid;93;76;A few showers;89;73;S;5;71%;83%;5
Barcelona, Spain;Sunshine;59;43;Partly sunny;58;44;W;12;68%;5%;3
Beijing, China;Plenty of sunshine;41;19;Plenty of sunshine;37;18;SW;7;18%;0%;3
Belgrade, Serbia;Partly sunny, mild;55;33;Partly sunny, mild;54;33;SE;6;67%;4%;2
Berlin, Germany;Clouds and sunshine;43;35;A little rain;49;35;W;13;74%;86%;0
Bogota, Colombia;Mostly cloudy;68;45;Clouds and sun;68;44;SE;6;67%;34%;10
Brasilia, Brazil;Showers and t-storms;81;68;Cloudy, a t-storm;79;67;NW;10;71%;82%;5
Bratislava, Slovakia;Cooler;47;31;Becoming cloudy;45;36;SSE;7;80%;38%;2
Brussels, Belgium;Mostly cloudy;46;41;Cloudy, rain ending;49;35;WSW;15;72%;81%;0
Bucharest, Romania;Partly sunny, mild;53;28;Sun and some clouds;47;27;E;3;70%;0%;2
Budapest, Hungary;Partly sunny, mild;50;30;Clouds and sun;47;38;S;5;69%;34%;2
Buenos Aires, Argentina;Sunny and pleasant;87;74;Partly sunny;87;73;ESE;7;57%;3%;11
Bujumbura, Burundi;Variable clouds;82;66;Mostly cloudy;89;66;WSW;4;40%;44%;9
Busan, South Korea;Mostly sunny, chilly;42;25;Increasing clouds;42;27;NNW;6;53%;29%;3
Cairo, Egypt;Sunny;68;49;Partly sunny;68;50;NNE;6;51%;2%;4
Cape Town, South Africa;Cooler;76;62;Mostly sunny;75;59;SE;21;53%;0%;11
Caracas, Venezuela;Partly sunny;79;65;A shower in places;80;66;ENE;4;58%;65%;7
Chennai, India;Nice with sunshine;86;67;Sunny and nice;87;65;ENE;7;58%;0%;7
Chicago, United States;Periods of sun;32;29;Milder;44;26;W;14;56%;19%;1
Colombo, Sri Lanka;A t-storm in spots;90;75;A t-storm or two;87;74;NE;8;80%;93%;3
Copenhagen, Denmark;Clouds and sun;41;35;Periods of rain;40;35;WSW;13;75%;86%;0
Dakar, Senegal;Mostly sunny, breezy;70;62;Breezy with some sun;70;61;N;18;69%;0%;7
Dallas, United States;Mostly sunny;62;44;Partly sunny, breezy;69;53;SSW;16;48%;0%;4
Dar es Salaam, Tanzania;Turning sunny;91;75;Sun and some clouds;89;76;NE;11;71%;22%;10
Delhi, India;Partly sunny;79;54;Hazy sunshine;75;53;W;12;56%;0%;4
Denver, United States;Mostly cloudy, mild;63;35;Partly sunny;53;26;ENE;8;36%;48%;3
Dhaka, Bangladesh;Partly sunny, nice;75;55;Hazy sun;80;58;ENE;4;59%;2%;5
Dili, East Timor;A bit of rain;89;76;Cloudy with showers;83;76;WSW;8;78%;77%;4
Dublin, Ireland;Overcast;47;35;Spotty showers;42;35;W;24;77%;82%;1
Dushanbe, Tajikistan;Not as cold;38;24;Not as cool;52;28;SW;5;22%;50%;3
Gibraltar, Gibraltar;Spotty showers;60;57;Breezy with rain;60;55;SE;25;82%;88%;2
Hanoi, Vietnam;Cloudy and cool;55;46;Cloudy and cool;54;50;N;10;64%;29%;1
Harare, Zimbabwe;A shower or t-storm;77;62;Cloudy, a t-storm;79;64;E;6;69%;66%;8
Havana, Cuba;Partly sunny, cooler;70;64;Periods of sun;74;63;E;13;56%;1%;2
Helsinki, Finland;Cloudy, snow showers;28;19;Clouds and sun;26;24;SE;5;83%;71%;1
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam;A shower in the p.m.;91;73;Clouds and sunshine;90;72;SW;5;77%;37%;8
Hong Kong, China;Cloudy;58;47;A morning shower;53;45;NNE;12;81%;60%;1
Honolulu, United States;Periods of sun;83;71;Rain at times;80;71;SW;11;68%;86%;2
Hyderabad, India;Sunny and pleasant;88;58;Mostly sunny, nice;88;59;ENE;6;27%;0%;6
Islamabad, Pakistan;Decreasing clouds;70;45;Mostly cloudy;71;48;N;4;58%;30%;2
Istanbul, Turkey;Plenty of sun;56;41;Sunshine;53;39;ENE;7;78%;1%;3
Jakarta, Indonesia;A t-storm or two;88;75;Spotty showers;88;75;W;11;75%;84%;8
Jeddah, Saudi Arabia;Decreasing clouds;82;66;Sunny and pleasant;83;68;NNE;6;46%;2%;5
Johannesburg, South Africa;A shower or t-storm;75;58;A t-storm in spots;78;60;ENE;7;61%;72%;13
Kabul, Afghanistan;Mostly sunny;47;24;A couple of showers;40;23;NNW;6;51%;80%;1
Karachi, Pakistan;More sun than clouds;86;59;Hazy sunshine;83;60;W;6;51%;0%;5
Kathmandu, Nepal;Mostly sunny;61;41;Sun and some clouds;66;43;S;5;68%;30%;5
Khartoum, Sudan;Sunny and pleasant;84;55;Sunny and beautiful;84;57;N;13;22%;0%;7
Kiev, Ukraine;Showers of rain/snow;44;31;Rain and snow shower;37;28;WSW;13;56%;51%;1
Kingston, Jamaica;A p.m. shower or two;88;74;A shower;87;73;NNE;5;64%;75%;6
Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo;Partly sunny;91;74;A morning t-storm;90;74;SSW;5;69%;66%;6
Kolkata, India;Sunny and pleasant;81;54;Hazy sunshine;82;55;WNW;6;48%;0%;5
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia;A stray p.m. t-storm;91;74;A t-storm in spots;91;72;NE;3;78%;69%;10
La Paz, Bolivia;Cloudy;57;43;A t-storm in spots;56;43;ENE;6;74%;81%;6
Lagos, Nigeria;Partly sunny;92;75;Partly sunny;91;76;SW;5;73%;26%;8
Lima, Peru;Partial sunshine;76;69;Clouds and sun;76;68;S;8;74%;18%;12
Lisbon, Portugal;Partly sunny;62;46;Periods of sun;61;46;NE;8;67%;7%;3
London, United Kingdom;Partly sunny;46;41;A morning shower;47;37;WSW;17;70%;74%;2
Los Angeles, United States;Partly sunny;85;55;Mostly sunny, warm;79;53;NE;5;33%;2%;4
Luanda, Angola;Clouds and sun;86;77;Mostly cloudy;87;77;SSW;6;72%;39%;6
Madrid, Spain;Mostly sunny;58;33;Partly sunny;59;36;NE;4;56%;9%;3
Male, Maldives;A t-storm in spots;86;77;A.M. showers, cloudy;85;81;NE;14;77%;100%;4
Manaus, Brazil;A t-storm in spots;88;76;Cloudy, a t-storm;87;73;ENE;7;77%;85%;6
Manila, Philippines;Partly sunny;87;74;A shower in places;88;74;E;5;67%;55%;3
Melbourne, Australia;A little rain;68;56;A shower in the a.m.;65;51;SSE;14;56%;55%;3
Mexico City, Mexico;Partly sunny;61;40;Partly sunny, nice;70;45;SSE;4;38%;11%;5
Miami, United States;Not as warm;71;61;Partly sunny;71;65;ENE;13;52%;31%;3
Minsk, Belarus;Snow, rain mixing in;37;27;Mostly cloudy;32;27;S;9;68%;74%;1
Mogadishu, Somalia;Mostly sunny;85;75;Clouds and sun;85;75;ENE;14;61%;26%;9
Montevideo, Uruguay;Sunny and pleasant;86;68;Partly sunny, nice;84;66;ENE;7;61%;2%;11
Montreal, Canada;Mostly cloudy;17;7;Afternoon snow;22;21;S;3;64%;92%;2
Moscow, Russia;Snow showers;34;27;A little a.m. snow;31;11;NW;10;76%;64%;0
Mumbai, India;Partly sunny;95;64;Hazy sunshine;91;63;NNE;5;41%;0%;6
Nairobi, Kenya;Turning cloudy;85;58;A t-storm in spots;84;58;NE;12;42%;42%;12
New York, United States;A bit of p.m. snow;39;23;Mostly sunny, cold;34;30;SSW;8;36%;15%;3
Nicosia, Cyprus;Mostly sunny;63;41;Partly sunny;63;42;S;5;69%;9%;3
Novosibirsk, Russia;Clearing;5;-9;Mostly sunny;2;-10;SE;6;87%;1%;1
Osaka-shi, Japan;Chilly with some sun;43;25;Clouding up, chilly;44;31;NE;5;58%;28%;3
Oslo, Norway;Partly sunny;31;24;Periods of snow;34;28;SE;8;82%;88%;0
Ottawa, Canada;Mostly cloudy;17;2;Heavy snow;21;20;SSE;10;71%;92%;2
Pago Pago, American Samoa;Cloudy with a shower;85;80;Mostly cloudy;85;79;NW;11;76%;68%;6
Panama City, Panama;Partly sunny;91;76;Spotty showers;91;76;NNW;11;68%;78%;8
Paramaribo, Suriname;Sun and some clouds;87;74;A shower in spots;87;75;ENE;8;74%;57%;8
Paris, France;Spotty showers;50;46;Breezy with rain;50;37;W;15;73%;82%;0
Perth, Australia;Sunny and breezy;84;63;Sunny and pleasant;85;67;ESE;11;37%;0%;11
Phnom Penh, Cambodia;A shower or two;91;74;A shower in the p.m.;88;73;SW;5;71%;66%;7
Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea;Clearing;90;76;Brief p.m. showers;87;71;NNW;18;66%;91%;3
Port-au-prince, Haiti;Partly sunny;91;68;Mostly sunny;91;69;ENE;5;45%;28%;6
Prague, Czech Republic;Partly sunny;45;31;A little rain;48;38;SW;11;65%;85%;1
Pyongyang, North Korea;Sunny, not as cold;35;9;Plenty of sunshine;30;0;W;5;38%;0%;3
Quito, Ecuador;Showers around;72;53;A t-storm in spots;72;54;NW;8;52%;66%;8
Rabat, Morocco;Partly sunny;68;46;A passing shower;60;45;S;4;78%;58%;2
Recife, Brazil;Rain, a thunderstorm;88;79;Spotty showers;88;79;E;10;67%;67%;12
Reykjavik, Iceland;Mostly cloudy;35;27;Partly sunny;32;23;NNE;9;56%;4%;1
Riga, Latvia;A little snow;34;28;Mostly cloudy;34;30;SSE;4;91%;72%;0
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil;Rain, a thunderstorm;80;73;A little a.m. rain;83;72;WNW;8;64%;75%;10
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia;Decreasing clouds;62;43;Plenty of sunshine;65;45;ENE;5;25%;0%;5
Rome, Italy;Partial sunshine;58;41;A shower;56;47;S;5;73%;80%;2
Saint Petersburg, Russia;A little snow;22;14;Clouds and sun;21;8;ESE;7;76%;23%;1
San Francisco, United States;Partly sunny;62;47;Partly sunny;61;48;NW;6;78%;1%;3
San Jose, Costa Rica;Partly sunny;79;66;Clouds and sun, nice;78;67;ENE;13;63%;3%;9
San Juan, Puerto Rico;Partly sunny;82;72;Partly sunny, nice;81;72;E;10;60%;7%;6
San Salvador, El Salvador;Periods of sun;78;65;Partly sunny, nice;77;63;N;12;67%;17%;8
Sana'a, Yemen;Mostly sunny, nice;73;41;Mostly sunny, nice;72;40;ESE;5;43%;5%;8
Santiago, Chile;Sunny and pleasant;88;59;Plenty of sunshine;92;61;SW;7;34%;0%;11
Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic;Partly sunny;81;70;Mostly sunny;81;69;NNE;7;71%;32%;6
São Paulo, Brazil;Mostly sunny;65;38;Mostly sunny;64;36;ENE;4;64%;4%;3
Seattle, United States;Spotty showers;48;40;A touch of rain;46;42;S;7;76%;80%;1
Seoul, South Korea;A bit of p.m. snow;30;23;Mostly cloudy;34;18;N;6;41%;0%;1
Shanghai, China;Mostly cloudy;39;30;Cloudy and chilly;37;28;NNW;7;62%;5%;1
Singapore, Singapore;A t-storm in spots;92;77;A shower;90;76;N;11;76%;69%;10
Sofia, Bulgaria;Mostly sunny, mild;53;23;Partly sunny, mild;49;25;S;4;70%;0%;3
St. John's, Antigua and Barbuda;Mostly sunny, nice;80;72;Mostly sunny;80;70;NE;8;57%;25%;6
Stockholm, Sweden;Clouds and sun;32;25;Snow and rain;38;34;SE;10;91%;90%;0
Sydney, Australia;Mostly sunny, nice;84;65;Cooler;70;64;S;20;68%;81%;6
Taipei City, Taiwan;Rain and drizzle;58;55;Rain and drizzle;62;53;NNE;11;79%;92%;1
Tallinn, Estonia;A little snow;32;27;Clouds and sun;31;27;SE;6;54%;71%;1
Tashkent, Uzbekistan;Mostly sunny, cold;34;20;Not as cold;43;25;SE;4;47%;8%;3
Tbilisi, Georgia;Decreasing clouds;49;28;A p.m. shower or two;45;32;NW;7;73%;83%;3
Tehran, Iran;Turning cloudy, cold;38;25;Sunny, but chilly;42;28;NNE;7;28%;0%;4
Tel Aviv, Israel;Partly sunny;64;47;Sunshine;64;47;NE;5;67%;2%;4
Tirana, Albania;Partly sunny;60;36;Partly sunny;58;38;SE;3;60%;9%;3
Tokyo, Japan;Mainly cloudy;44;28;Mostly sunny, chilly;46;33;N;6;57%;27%;3
Toronto, Canada;Mostly sunny;22;15;Cloudy, not as cold;35;32;SW;18;67%;59%;1
Tripoli, Libya;Mostly sunny;65;48;Plenty of sunshine;64;48;ESE;3;61%;0%;4
Tunis, Tunisia;Mostly sunny;64;43;Mostly sunny, nice;64;46;SSW;3;69%;0%;3
Ulan Bator, Mongolia;Sunny and cold;3;-21;Increasing clouds;2;-24;N;5;75%;44%;2
Vancouver, Canada;Spotty showers;45;33;An afternoon shower;42;36;ENE;4;65%;72%;1
Vienna, Austria;Mostly cloudy, mild;51;32;Turning cloudy, mild;49;35;SSE;5;76%;31%;2
Vientiane, Laos;Not as warm;77;62;Mostly cloudy;75;55;E;6;57%;17%;2
Vilnius, Lithuania;Snow and rain;36;27;Mostly cloudy;36;31;S;7;65%;67%;1
Warsaw, Poland;Rain and snow shower;42;33;Cloudy;41;36;SSW;10;82%;75%;1
Wellington, New Zealand;Windy, not as warm;76;67;Clouds and sun;76;69;NNW;22;71%;4%;9
Yangon, Myanmar;Plenty of sunshine;94;57;Sunny and nice;88;56;SW;4;48%;0%;6
Yerevan, Armenia;Sun and some clouds;40;20;Mostly sunny;41;30;SE;2;48%;53%;3
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
_____
Keywords: Forecast, Global, Fahrenheit
One of NASA's delivery services is paying tribute to John Glenn, as it gets set to launch supplies to the International Space Station.
A mighty Atlas rocket is providing Tuesday's lift, just as it did for Glenn 55 years ago.
The unmanned rocket is poised to blast off at 11:11 a.m. from Cape Canaveral, Florida, carrying a commercial cargo ship named the S.S. John Glenn.
Following Glenn's death in December, Orbital ATK asked his widow, Annie, for permission to use his name for the spacecraft.
Glenn, an original Mercury 7 astronaut, became the first American to orbit the Earth in 1962. He returned to orbit in the space shuttle in 1998 at age 77, the oldest person ever to fly in space.
Climate Change: What Did We Know and When Did We Know it?
Views : 13
STOKE, England (AP) — A meeting between teams with two of the worst defensive records in the Premier League promised goals but Stoke and Watford defied the odds in a 0-0 draw on Wednesday.
Stoke is out of the relegation zone after a second consecutive clean sheet under new manager Paul Lambert, a feat it hadn't managed since March 2017.
Watford, playing its first league game with new coach Javi Gracia in charge, will also be relieved to have kept a rare clean sheet. The Hornets had conceded 44 goals going into the game — along with Huddersfield — and Stoke a league-worst 50.
Stoke looked the more likely to break the deadlock as Xherdan Shaqiri and Mame Biram Diouf wasted first-half openings, before substitute Peter Crouch missed Stoke's best chance after the break.
Watford did have a chance to steal the points late on, as Abdoulaye Doucoure had his shot blocked before Richarlison missed from close range.
Stoke moves up to 16th on 24 points, while Watford is 11th with 27 points.
Thousands of new parents are turning to crowdfunding in order to financially support being able to go on maternity or paternity leave.
Filling Vince Wilfork's shoes is daunting.
The good news for the Houston Texans and D.J. Reader is that he spent his rookie season being groomed for this job by the nose tackle before he retired this month.
Getting to spend a season with Wilfork was a thrill for Reader, who watched him growing up and throughout his career at Clemson. The pair spent hours together on and off the field last year in Wilfork's second season in Houston after he played for the New England Patriots for 11 seasons.
"It helped a lot especially just how to handle double teams and learning a little bit about how to be a pro and things like that," Reader said.
Reader isn't intimidated by moving into Wilfork's spot and actually takes pride in the fact that he's now starting in the place that the player he always idolized once held.
"It feels good for sure," he said. "Can't really worry about (comparisons to) him, I just go out there and practice hard and play hard."
Coach Bill O'Brien saw the benefits of the relationship between Wilfork and Reader and knows that he'll continue to learn this season from other veterans on the defensive line such as superstar defensive end J.J. Watt.
"With Vince retiring and not being here, we've still got J.J. in there (as) a great mentor for D.J. and we've got some guys in there that do a great job just working together," O'Brien said. "It was good to have that experience with Vince last year and now he's having that experience with Watt this year, which is great."
The Texans need Reader to take a step forward this season to man the middle of a line featuring Watt and 2014 top overall pick Jadeveon Clowney.
Reader appeared in each game last season and made seven starts while Wilfork was dealing with injuries. He finished with 22 tackles and one sack in his first season after the Texans drafted him in the fifth round following a Clemson career where he played 46 games and had 145 tackles.
He's impressed in camp so far with O'Brien raving about his work in practice.
"He's an excellent player, excellent young player," O'Brien said. "Tough, strong, plays low to the ground, very smart, good teammate. He's got all the qualities that you're looking for in a good player."
The 6-foot-3, 335-pound Reader believes he's a much different player than he was a year ago. Part of his improvement comes from a mindset of pushing himself to his limits.
"It's about being in every play, playing with effort and technique every single play. Just not stopping," he said. "No matter how tired you get you've still got one more rep in you. I think that's important."
He believes things will be a bit easier this season now that he's grasped the idea that he's simply one piece of what should be a really good defense and that he doesn't have to try and do too much.
"I'm not out there just searching for plays like you are when you're young, just trying to get on film and stuff," he said. "I trust the defense and I know now that if I do my job everything will shake out."
And even though Wilfork has retired, Reader knows that if he needs anything he's only a phone call or a text away.
"I still want him to be around," Reader said.
———
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—NFL
The Republicans' ardor for investigations and oversight, on display throughout the Obama administration, has cooled off considerably with Donald Trump in the White House.
Each day seems to bring a new headache or near-crisis from Trump, the latest being the departure of his national security adviser under questionable circumstances involving Russia.
Yet if there is a line too far, at which point Republicans will feel duty-bound to call for an independent investigation of their president or his administration, Trump hasn't crossed it yet.
Democrats are clamoring for a full-scale probe of the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, including demanding to know what Trump knew, and when, about Flynn's pre-inauguration conversations with a Russian ambassador about U.S. sanctions. White House press secretary Sean Spicer disclosed that Trump was told in late January that Flynn had misled Vice President Mike Pence about those conversations.
Rather than go along with Democrats' call for an independent outside investigation, Senate Republicans insisted Tuesday that the Intelligence Committee could look at the circumstances as part of an existing probe into Russia's interference in the presidential election.
"The Intelligence Committee is already looking at Russian involvement in our election and they have broad jurisdiction over the intel community writ large and they can look at whatever they choose to," said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., adding that "it's highly likely they'd want to take a look at this episode as well."
The intelligence panel's chairman, Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina, told reporters that "aggressive" oversight would continue "privately. We don't do that in public."
House Republicans were even less interested, with some shrugging off Democrats' calls for an investigation entirely. Rep. Devin Nunes of California, chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said that the "real crime" is how Flynn's phone conversations were leaked, echoing a complaint Trump himself made over Twitter.
"I think the situation has taken care of itself" in light of Flynn's resignation, House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told reporters. That's a far different stance toward potential wrongdoing by the executive branch than Chaffetz took last year, when House Republicans issued more than 70 letters and subpoenas aimed at investigating Democrat Hillary Clinton over a period of less than three months after the FBI announced criminal charges weren't warranted related to her use of a private email server as secretary of state.
Chaffetz did turn his attention to a different Trump administration matter later Tuesday, sending a letter to the White House seeking information about Trump's discussion of a North Korea missile launch while dining al fresco with the Japanese prime minister at a resort in Florida.
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., went so far as to counsel publicly against spending too much time investigating the White House, saying that doing so could only be counterproductive at a moment when the GOP faces a daunting legislative agenda on Capitol Hill.
"I just don't think it's useful to be doing investigation after investigation, particularly of your own party," Paul said in an appearance on Fox News Radio's "Kilmeade and Friends." ''We'll never even get started with doing the things we need to do like repealing Obamacare if we're spending our whole time having Republicans investigate Republicans. I think it makes no sense."
The relatively hands-off stance of the GOP toward the Trump White House angers Democrats, who are powerless to do much except fume from the minority in both chambers of Congress.
"Do you hear the silence? This is the sound of House Republicans conducting no oversight of President Trump. Zero," Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, top Democrat on the Oversight Committee, complained at a news conference Tuesday. "That is what it sounds like when they abdicate their duty under the Constitution. We've been asking for months for basic oversight."
The GOP's lack of enthusiasm about investigating the Trump White House comes as Capitol Hill Republicans struggle to come to terms with a new administration that has been engulfed in upheaval after upheaval. Republicans are trying to focus on their agenda despite the distractions. And for now, they appear to have concluded, going easy on Trump is the best way to achieve their goals, including confirming a Supreme Court justice and passing a new health care law and other legislation they want the president to sign.
"We know full well that there are issues that are going to come up on a daily basis that we're going to get asked about and have to respond to," said Sen. John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 3 Senate Republican, "but we're interested in repealing and replacing Obamacare, reforming the tax code, reducing the regulatory burden on businesses, confirming a Supreme Court justice, getting these Cabinet nominees through — that's what our agenda is right now."
Orange County Fire Authority officials say a 40-year-old man was airlifted and brought to a nearby hospital after falling on the jetty in the Dana Point Harbor on Sunday, April 16.
Capt. Larry Kurtz, public information officer with OCFA, said the incident occurred around 12:45 p.m. when a man fell while climbing on the rocks on the jetty.
Kurtz said due to the man being about 600 yards out on the jetty, Orange County Fire brought in a helicopter.
Personnel were able to treat the patient before being hoisted into the helicopter.
“It's very slippery out there with the ocean and the waves, sometimes people lose their balance,” Kurtz said.
He said it was an unfortunate accident but were they were able to extract the man and bring him to the hospital.
OVERSUPPLIED global grain markets have eroded European commodities giant Louis Dreyfus' core earnings.
Sales for 2016 fell to $49.8 billion from $55.7b, although shipped volumes were stable at 81 million tonnes.
The Dutch-based private company, which handles about 10 per cent of the world's agricultural commodity trade, particularly cotton, sugar and rice, has had two years of reduced profits because of growing grain stockpiles and low prices.
Its 2016 core operating profits for its business segments falling from $1.85b in 2015 to $1.6b.
“Oversupply, market shocks, geopolitical dynamics and adverse weather conditions were some of the difficulties that the agribusiness industry had to face during 2016,” chief executive officer Gonzalo Ramirez Martiarena said.
“Market fundamentals are unlikely to be very different in 2017, so our agility in adapting to changing market conditions will remain critical.”
The company is the fourth player in the so-called ABCD quartet of trading giants leading agricultural commodities trade, alongside Archer Daniels Midland, Bunge and Cargill.
Louis Dreyfus' Australian business is a long-time buyer and exporter of grain and cotton, having originally established as wheat buying arm of the parent company in Melbourne in 1913.
It is also involved in dairy, sugar and oilseed exports and fertiliser imports, and in the past decade has developed a metals trading business in Australia
The company owns three Macrofertil fertiliser warehouses in Western Australia and storage sheds in South Australia and Victoria.
It operates cotton gins at Dalby and Emerald in Queensland and Moree, New South Wales.
Transcript for Search Resumes for Plane With 6 on Board That Disappeared Over Lake Erie
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Chip Ganassi likes to tell his drivers there is no such thing as accidents, all are preventable.
Unless, of course, a meteor falls from the sky and destroys a race car. That's the only true accident, according to the veteran team owner.
His two cars had the GT Le Mans class well covered last weekend at the Rolex 24 at Daytona, which should have been a relief for Ganassi. The team of Joey Hand, Dirk Mueller and Sebastien Bourdais was most dominant for over 22 hours, but was caught by strategy and beaten by the sister team of Ryan Briscoe, Richard Westbrook and Scott Dixon.
The two cars combined to lead all but nine of the 783 laps in class completed at Daytona International Speedway. That's an agonizing feeling for a car owner, Ganassi said, because it would literally take a meteor to snatch certain victory. Nothing short of a catastrophe was going to keep one of his Ford GT's out of victory lane.
It was nerve-wracking for Ganassi, and perhaps 24 hours of tension muted the post-race party for his 200th win as an organization. He was still reluctant to celebrate Wednesday and said that 200 victories are a testament to team manager Mike Hull and a winning culture that stretches through his organization.
"My hat is off to the team, the job that those guys do," Ganassi said. "There will be time to reflect on that another time. This is the beginning of the season, it was the beginning of the sports car season. The beginning of the NASCAR season is coming up, then the beginning of the IndyCar season. I think it is my job as the guy who operates the company is to just get everyone launched. Let's get this thing started, let's go win some races and go win some championships."
The 1-2 finish at Daytona was the eighth at the Rolex for Ganassi, who was also the grand marshal for the race. His teams have won six overall Rolex's and two of three class victories since he dropped from prototype to GTLM in 2016.
Ganassi's first win came in IndyCar when Michael Andretti won in 1994 at Australia. The 100th win also came in an IndyCar race when Dixon won in 2008 at Nashville. Ganassi has won championships with Jimmy Vasser, Alex Zanardi, Juan Pablo Montoya, Dario Franchitti and Dixon. He's won the 500 with Montoya, Franchitti and Dixon.
Ganassi is the only team owner to win the 24 Hours of Le Mans, Indianapolis 500, Daytona 500, Brickyard 400, Rolex and 12 Hours of Sebring.
It was fitting that the winning team included Dixon, who will end his career as one of the greatest in IndyCar. He has 41 career victories with Ganassi, and at 16 years with the team owner is the longest-tenured driver in organization history.
Dixon and Ganassi both joke that Dixon's job security is because he never calls his boss and never complains. The reality is that driver and car owner both want the same thing and take a straightforward approach to accomplishing goals.
"Everybody thrives in the winning culture that this team has, and they've definitely proven it in many ways with Chip, obviously across many different disciplines in auto racing," Dixon said.
Last week, Roger Penske's return to sports cars was celebrated and The Captain earned the spotlight for the precision of his operation (and the fact he stayed awake the entire 24 hours). But it was Ganassi's team that put on a clinic.
The two owners are rivals in IndyCar, NASCAR and now sports cars. Dixon was aware the Penske presence could be rattling to competitors. The Ganassi guys didn't look twice. They knew they had the equipment and effort to get the job done.
"Everybody just wants to win," Dixon said. "That's the simplest thing: We come here each weekend to win. There's no thinking about finishing (the race) or finishing second."
Next up is a return trip to Daytona for the start of NASCAR's season. A month after that, IndyCar begins and Ganassi's calendar will be filled with racing.
"I don't want to sound too ambitious here, but I will tell you that I think the team is certainly poised to do well across all sectors," Ganassi said.
___
More AP Auto Racing: https://racing.ap.org/
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has arrived in Oman as part of a two-state visit aimed at reviving ties with Iran's Gulf Arab neighbors.
The official Oman News Agency said Omani Sultan Qaboos bin Saeed met with the Iranian president following his arrival on Wednesday to the sultanate, which sits at the southeastern tip of the Arabian Peninsula and shares control of the Strait of Hormuz with Iran.
Rouhani is expected to travel to Kuwait after visiting Oman.
Tehran's relations with the six-member, Saudi-dominated Gulf Cooperation Council of Arab states have been strained since Sunni-ruled Saudi Arabia broke off diplomatic relations with the Shiite power Iran last year.
Iran's official IRNA news agency reported that Iran has received a message from the GCC states aimed at removing misunderstandings and improving relations.
The St. Louis Fire Department says a paramedic training officer falsely claimed he ran to the aid victims at the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing.
Shawn Daniel was honored at a St. Louis Blues hockey game in January. A posting on the Fire Department's Facebook page on Jan. 18 said he was among the emergency workers who hurried to help those injured in the bombing. Daniel was working at the time for a private ambulance company near Boston.
But the Fire Department says in a statement Tuesday that Daniel was never on the scene of the bombing and did not provide medical assistance. The Fire Department apologized.
The statement does not say what discipline Daniel might face. A message left with a department spokesman Wednesday wasn't immediately returned.
Chairman Eli Schossheim of the Efrat anti-abortion association expressed his opposition, Monday, to a proposal to put members of the clergy on committees that decide whether a woman should end a pregnancy. Interviewed by Arutz Sheva outside a hearing on the proposal by the Knesset Committee for Advancing the Status of Women, Doctor Schossheim said the proposal cannot be implemented.
Saying he would be the first to approve an abortion to protect a mother's health, Schossheim said his group has prevented 68,000 abortions. He was happy to report that abortions are declining, but noted more than 100 fetuses are disposed of a day.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 10-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 9-1-2 8-9-1 5-3-1 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 12-5-0 6-7-1 5-3-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 N.Y. Rangers 30 16 11 3 35 99 89 12-5-3 4-6-0 5-4-2 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 10-5-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 6-4-3 5-6-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 5-6-4 6-7-1 3-7-0 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 6-6-3 5-8-1 3-3-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 3-9-1 4-8-5 2-4-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 11-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 10-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 9-6-2 7-4-1 4-1-2 Dallas 31 17 13 1 35 91 90 10-4-0 7-9-1 4-8-0 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 8-3-2 7-8-1 4-5-0 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 8-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 5-6-3 9-6-1 3-5-0 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 7-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 8-5-1 6-8-1 4-5-1 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 5-9-0 7-7-2 4-1-0 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114 3-8-1 4-13-4 1-5-3
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado 2, Pittsburgh 1
Dallas 2, N.Y. Rangers 1, SO
N.Y. Islanders 3, Washington 1
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
AMC
Death threats are an unfortunately common way of life for anyone involved with The Walking Dead. Creator Robert Kirkman has “lived with death threats for 15 years.” Josh McDermitt quit social media because people can't tell the difference between actor and character (“You can think whatever you want but when you start saying you hope I die, I don't know if you're talking about Josh or Eugene”). After Andrea shot Daryl, Norman Reedus said that Laurie Holden “came to the set and was freaking out: ‘People want to kill me!'” And Seth Gilliam, who plays Gabriel on AMC's hit zombie series, told Entertainment Weekly that he got them, too, when the good Father betrayed Rick.
“It was kind of different for me because it's unlike any other role that I've played,” he explained. “It's had such an impact on the audience. It took a little getting used to, the death threats, and realizing they were coming from 13-year-old boys in the basement of their Wisconsin home, as opposed to people who were really meaning me harm. That had a profound impact on me, on just how seriously people are involved with the characters in the show.”
Gilliam continued, “At first it was a little uncomfortable because every actor wants to be appreciated for what they're doing — even guys who play bad guys. Yeah, you want to dislike the bad guys, but you want to like the actor because he's making you dislike the bad guy. And for a while, I felt the lines were kind of blurred because it's so personal. It was like, ‘Well, wait I didn't write these lines. This isn't me improvising on set. This is the way the plot is going.' So, it took a little getting used to, and I had to take a little distance. That actor love me, love me, love me thing that I think all actors have — I had to kind of put that on the back burner and realize that I still had a job to do, whether I was being loved or not. Which is kind of hard, because I think everybody wants to be loved. I think actors particularly want to be loved.”
Remember, The Walking Dead fans: Seth Gilliam is an actor second and a human first, and he needs to be loved. So, please, chill the heck out.
(Via Entertainment Weekly)
{"id":51713661,"title":"Justin Bieber, Chris Evans among stars stepping up to help bullied boy","duration":"2:46","description":"Evans invited the boy, Keaton Jones, to the Los Angeles premiere of \"The Avengers\" after Keaton described being bulled in a video that has received more than 21 million views and counting.","url":"/GMA/video/justin-bieber-chris-evans-stars-stepping-bullied-boy-51713661","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"}
Colombia's president Juan Manuel Santos says no Latin America country would accept any form of U.S. military intervention in Venezuela and that it should never even be considered.
Santos held a joint news conference Sunday in Cartagena with visiting U.S. Vice President Mike Pence.
President Donald Trump said Friday that he will not rule out the possible use of the U.S. military to help restore democracy to Venezuela.
Recalling more than a century of U.S. military action throughout Latin America, Santos said no Latin leader wants “that phantom” to reappear.
He said a return to democracy in Venezuela must be peaceful, calling America a “continent of peace…let us preserve it as such.”
Pence did not rule out using military force, but he did not directly talk about it either.
He said there are may option available to pressure the Maduro regime in Venezuela, including more economic and diplomatic pressure. He assured Santos and everyone that the U.S. will not stand by as Venezuela “crumbles” and slides into dictatorship.
He said a failed state in Venezuela endangers the entire continent. He said Trump sent him to Latin America to marshal and consolidate regional support for the need to help the Venezuelan people.
Earlier Sunday, CIA Director Mike Pompeo told Fox News Sunday that Trump talked about the possibility of military actionto “give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored.” Venezuela called Trump's threat “reckless.”
Colombia is the first stop on Pence's week-long trip to to Latin America, which includes visits to Argentina, Chile, and Panama.
Pence and Santos also discussed drug and cocaine trafficking and Colombia's so-far successful peace agreement ending 50 years of war with FARC rebels.
In Chile, Pence will face questions over the U.S. withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact, Chile's U.S. ambassador Juan Gabriel Valdes told the VOA Spanish service. “With or without the U.S., we will continue working in the Asia Pacific to push for an agreement that results in clear rules for everyone,” Valdes said.
He added that his nation hopes the United States does not follow through on the threat to leave the Paris climate agreement because Chile believes that climate change is real.
U.S. trading partner Panama, home to the Panama Canal, established diplomatic ties with China in June, and Pence's upcoming visit comes against the backdrop of a growing Chinese trade role in the region. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Asia
(Reuters) - Tropical depression Alberto is expected to become an extratropical low overnight, as it moves across southern lower Michigan, the U.S. National Hurricane Center (NHC) said late on Wednesday.
Alberto is about 45 miles (70 km) south-west of Lansing, Michigan with maximum sustained wind speeds of 30 miles per hour (50 km/h), the weather forecaster said.
Little change in strength is forecast and the threat of heavy rainfall continues, the NHC added.
(Reporting by Swati Verma in Bengaluru; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
Lucasfilm/Disney
Where once the world had to wait three years between Star Wars movies, now we're getting one a year, with the next standalone installment, Solo: A Star Wars Story, coming less than six months after The Last Jedi. That is either too much Star Wars or exactly the right amount, which is the same way people might feel about Alden Ehrenreich, who has the difficult task of channeling Harrison Ford's unique charm, while also adding his own spin to the role, as everyone's favorite stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder, Han Solo.
In an interview with Esquire, the Hail, Caesar! star accidentally let it slip that he's signed on for Solo: A Star Wars Story… and two more films after that.
I ask Ehrenreich how many he's signed up for. “Three,” he says, then flinches, understanding he may have just created a disturbance in the Force. “I don't know if that's officially, uh, public. But — yeah.” Anyway: Between auditions for Solo, Ehrenreich took a trip out to Death Valley. “I stayed in, like, a high-end tepee, which you can rent out there,” he says. “I'm making myself sound a lot more rugged than I actually am. I'm also getting green juices delivered to the tepee.” (Via)
A multi-film commitment is standard business for franchises these days (Sebastian Stan's contract has the Winter Soldier sticking around the Marvel Cinematic Universe for nine movies), but Ehrenreich's comments are the first indication we've heard that LucasFilm has future plans for the Young Han Solo.
Hopefully with the Young Lando.
(Via Esquire)
The israel Defense Forces arrested 10 people Monday evening in the Palestinian Authority-assigned areas of Judea and Samaria who were wanted on suspicion of involvement in terror and violent disorders directed at Israeli targets.
One of the detainees was a Hamas agent. The suspects were turned over to security agencies for further investigation.
09:14 Reported News Briefs Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Gamliel: Abu Mazen proves that the path of terrorism is his path Minister Gila Gamliel has condemned Palestinian Authority Chairman Mahmoud Abbas's remarks against the US ambassador to Israel, David Friedman. Gamliel said, "Abu Mazen's rhetoric of hatred is worthy of condemnation not only from the White House but from the entire world. In a week in which terrorists kill two soldiers and an Israeli citizen, Abu Mazen proves that the path of terrorism is his path." ► ◄ Last Briefs
NIWOT, Colo.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--47Lining, a REAN Cloud Company, today announced its Amazon Web Services (AWS) Industrial Time Series Data Connector Quick Start at Hannover Messe, the world's leading trade show for industrial technology, from April 23-27 th. The Connector Quick Start allows companies to quickly and easily synchronize their industrial time series data to AWS so they can perform advanced predictive and historic analytics using the full breadth of AWS big data and partner services.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005348/en/
Industrial Time Series Data Connector Architecture (Graphic: Business Wire)
47Lining developed the Industrial Time Series Data Connector Service so organizations can leverage their investment in common on-premises industrial process data historians while simplifying the process of making their data available on AWS in formats suitable for advanced analytics. For decades, industrial organizations have been using time series database software to harness data from their industrial devices and systems to provide real-time operational intelligence. By connecting users and devices, these systems play a critical role in helping enterprises address their most pressing business challenges. Now, organizations can reduce costs, accelerate their pace of innovation, and bring together data previously held in silos, by synchronizing their real-time and historic industrial time series data on AWS. 47Lining offers a jump start consulting offer on AWS's Solution Space to help customers get started with use of the Connector.
“The AWS Industrial Time Series Data Connector enables us to pull sensor data for assets that we operate for ourselves and on behalf of third-party customers into a data lake,” said Damien Buie, Chief Digital Officer, EDF Renewables. “We can now provide enhanced, near-real-time transparency and analytic capabilities to our customers regarding asset performance.”
The Industrial Time Series Data Connector Quick Start can ingest data through either Amazon Kinesis or AWS Internet of Things (IoT) services. The launch of the Connector was developed in close connection with AWS IoT Analytics, a fully-managed service that makes it easy for companies to run sophisticated analytics on massive volumes of IoT data without worrying about the cost and complexity typically required to build their own IoT analytics platform.
“47Lining is excited to have the opportunity to offer the AWS Industrial Time Series Data Connector Quick Start to a variety of customers, particularly those in the oil & gas, energy & utilities, and manufacturing industries,” says Mick Bass, Senior Vice President of 47Lining's Big Data Practice. “The Quick Start will really revolutionize how companies derive insights from their time series data. By eliminating data silos, industrial customers will be able to use a broad array of descriptive, predictive, and real-time analytics, driving insights from their time series data while keeping it secure.”
About Hannover Messe
Hannover Messe is the world's leading trade fair for industrial technology. The fair draws over 225,000 attendees and over 6,500 exhibitors each year and is held in Hanover, Germany. Further information about Hannover Messe, the technologies, and the core areas of industry that will be exhibited this year can be found by visiting http://www.hannovermesse.de/home.
About 47Lining
47Lining, a REAN Cloud Company, is a Premier Consulting Partner in the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Partner Network (APN) who has achieved AWS Big Data Competencystatus and participates in the AWS Service Delivery Program with focus on Amazon Kinesis, Amazon Redshift, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon EMR and Amazon Machine Learning. We develop big data solutions and deliver big data managed services built from underlying AWS building blocks. We help customers build, operate and manage breathtaking “Data Machines” for their data-driven businesses. We architect solutions that address traditional data warehousing, Internet of Things (IoT) analytics back-ends, predictive analytics and machine learning to open up new business opportunities. Our experience spans use cases in multiple industries including energy, oil & gas, mining, life sciences, gaming, retail analytics, financial services and media & entertainment. 47Lining and REAN Cloud are registered trademarks of REAN Cloud LLC.
Click here to learn more about 47Lining's Big Data Services.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005348/en/
CONTACT: OneChocolate for REAN Cloud
Jaime Tero, +1 415-755-8639
jaimet@onechocolatecomms.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA COLORADO
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT INTERNET
SOURCE: REAN Cloud
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:30 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:30 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005348/en
Tech-savvy concert-goers helped police locate a New York man who allegedly stole more than 100 cellphones at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival over the weekend, authorities said.
The Indio Police Department in California said it arrested Reinaldo De Jesus Henao on Friday after several attendees activated their "Find my iPhone" app and followed the suspect around the festival venue until authorities were able to detain him.
Police said Henao, 36, was arrested with a backpack containing more than 100 mobile phones, which were believed to have been stolen from the concert site, located east of Los Angeles near Palm Springs.
Several of the devices were returned to the victims and the rest were reported to the venue's lost and found site, according to police.
Henao was arrested on charges of grand theft and possession of stolen property, police said.
He was booked at the Larry D. Smith Correctional Center in Banning, California, and released on a $10,000 bail, according to inmate records.
Henao is scheduled to appear in court on May 26, according to inmate records.
The event is one of the most anticipated music festivals of the year and it's known to attract well-known stars.
Celebrities, including Katy Perry, Halsey, A$AP Ferg, Kylie Jenner, Amber Rose, Paris Hilton and Odell Beckham Jr., were all spotted at the festival over the weekend.
The three-day festival, held at the Empire Polo Club in Indio, California, attracted an estimated 125,000 attendees per day, according to ABC's Southern California affiliate KABC.
ABC News' Joi-Marie McKenzie contributed to this report.
Northbound traffic on the trans-Israel toll road was blocked, Monday afternoon, to remove a truck that was stuck in a traffic lane at the Soreq Interchange.
Traffic police reported congestion from Soreq back to the Kiryat Gat Interchange.
Getty Image
Celebrity chef Mario Batali has taken a leave of absence from his restaurant company and co-hosting duties on ABC's The Chew following accusations of sexual misconduct by at least four women. According to Eater, which conducted dozens of interviews with the accusers, witnesses and other knowledgeable parties, Batali's behavior “spans at least two decades,” and the restauranter isn't denying the accusations either.
One of the four women Eater spoke with recalled meeting Batali at a New Orleans wine auction 10 years ago, when she was a young chef looking to break into the business. She described him as intoxicated and “creepy,” and after he haphazardly offered her a job worth “double” what she was then making, Batali assaulted her:
Moments later, someone bumped her glass, spilling wine all over her chest and down her scooped-neck shirt. She alleges that Batali began rubbing her breasts with his bare hands while saying something like, “Let me help you with that,” as he groped her chest. “He just went to town, and I was so shocked,” the chef says. “Jaw on the ground, I just stepped back from him in utter disgust and walked away.”
In a statement to Eater, Batali confirmed the stories of his anonymous accusers and revealed he would be stepping away from his restaurant business for the time being:
“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.”
Late Sunday night, fellow celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain — himself an outspoken proponent of women who've come out against sexual assault and harassment by men — seemingly predicted Monday morning's Batali news in a series of tweets. “Monday, I'm afraid, isn't going to get any better,” he wrote. “Trust me. Monday is really gonna suck.”
(Via Eater)
Want the world's best, up-close view of a rocket launch without being right there at the pad?
For the first time, cameras will provide live 360-degree video of a rocket heading toward space.
NASA will provide the 360 stream Tuesday as an unmanned Atlas rocket blasts off from Cape Canaveral, Florida, with a capsule full of space station supplies. The stream will begin 10 minutes before the scheduled 11:11 a.m. liftoff and continue until the rocket is out of sight.
The four fisheye-lens cameras are located at the pad, about 300 feet (100 meters) from the rocket. A computer in a blast-proof box will stitch together the images for a full, in-the-round view. There will be about a minute lag time.
It will be shown on NASA's YouTube channel .
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is pushing back on claims that President Donald Trump's travel ban is soon set to expire.
The White House released a memorandum Wednesday declaring that the effective date of the president's executive order banning travelers from six Muslim-majority countries "is delayed or tolled" until all relevant court injunctions "are lifted or stayed."
Some critics of the travel ban have said that the policy's 90-day halt to visitors from Iran, Yemen, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Libya is due to expire in mid-June, even though the ban itself has never taken effect.
The memorandum instructs the secretary of state, the attorney general, the secretary of homeland security, and the director of national intelligence to implement the ban 72 hours after all applicable court injunctions are lifted or stayed.
PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) — Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov arrived in North Korea on Thursday for talks with senior officials.
Lavrov's visit comes ahead of a planned summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and was seen as an attempt by Moscow to ensure its voice is heard in the North's diplomatic overtures with Washington, Seoul and Beijing.
After his arrival, Lavrov met with North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho.
Russia's Foreign Ministry said in a statement earlier they would discuss bilateral issues as well as the overall situation on the Korean Peninsula. Details of Lavrov's schedule in Pyongyang were not disclosed.
Despite having a border with the North and relatively cordial relations that President Vladimir Putin has seemed to want to develop further, Russia has so far remained largely on the sidelines as Kim has emerged onto the world stage this year.
Kim has already met twice with China's President Xi Jinping and South Korean President Moon Jae-in. One of Kim's top lieutenants, former intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, is now in New York to discuss with U.S. officials the agenda for the summit planned in Singapore on or around June 12.
India's foreign minister says the bodies have been found of 39 Indian workers who were abducted by militants in Iraq three years ago.
The abducted workers, mostly from northern India, had been employed by a construction company near Mosul when militants overran the Iraqi city and seized wide swaths of territory. Relatives said they received phone calls from some of the workers five days after Mosul was captured in 2015 saying they needed help.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj told lawmakers in Parliament on Tuesday that the bodies were recently found buried in a mound of earth.
Swaraj said DNA tests confirmed that 38 of them were the kidnapped workers. The DNA test for the remaining body has yet to be fully confirmed.
Time takes a look at a big thing that's getting lost in the first four weeks of the Trump administration. Hint: It's the economy.
David Frum, senior writer for The Atlantic, answers our Make Me Smart question: "What's something that you thought you once knew, but turns out you were wrong about?"
We talk with Eric Bickel and Michael Weis of the Quantify Louisville blog. Eric and Michael take publicly available data from the city of Louisville, Kentucky, and look for stories hidden in the data. They talk to us about specific ways to judge the value of any given statistic.
And finally, as we move forward into Week 4 of the Trump administration, Molly wants to remind us that we're going on a bear hunt. Don't worry, we'll explain.
20th Century Fox
Deadpool 2 is likely coming in 2018, with some characters returning and the film adding new director David Leitch (John Wick) and more X-Men. We already knew Cable will be in it, and writers Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick have hinted at “a lot of characters” now that they have the budget for better-known X-Men. (The first film included Negasonic Teenage Warhead because a Fox exec didn't know who she was.)
Now we're hearing one of those new additions is Domino, the mercenary who can manipulate probability to make herself more lucky. Domino has been a rumored character since the first movie, but the recent rumors about Mackenzie Davis taking the role were already shot down. Now That Hashtag Show obtained a character breakdown for a Domino-esque role which even used Domino's real name, Neena.
More importantly, they claim insider knowledge about who might be up for the role. Reportedly, Sienna Miller and Gugu Mbatha-Raw are already out of contention, and now Kerry Washington (Scandal) is testing for the role and “is the studio's lead at this point.”
Here's That Hashtag Show hosts Joe and Myverick reading the character breakdown, or continue on for the transcript of it.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Chandler Stephenson, Andre Burakovsky and T.J. Oshie ended lengthy goal droughts to help the Washington Capitals rally past the Philadelphia Flyers 5-3 on Wednesday night.
Stephenson scored twice after going without a goal for 28 games. Burakovsky scored on the power play after coming up empty for 10 games, and Oshie lifted his arms and looked to the sky when he scored on the power play to end his 13-game dry spell.
Devante Smith-Pelly scored Washington's fifth goal on 20 shots to chase Michal Neuvirth midway through the third period of a game the Capitals trailed 2-0 after one.
No. 2 pick Nolan Patrick, Travis Konecny and Jakub Voracek scored for Philadelphia. Alex Lyon made his NHL debut in relief of Neuvirth, stopping five shots in preparation for what could be his first start Thursday at New Jersey.
RED WINGS 2, SHARKS 1, SO
DETROIT (AP) — Justin Abdelkader scored in the seventh round of a shootout, and Petr Mrazek stopped Tomas Hertl at the other end to give Detroit the win.
Trevor Daley scored for the Red Wings in the third period before Kevin Labanc responded for San Jose. Gustav Nyquist, Andreas Athanasiou, Tomas Tatar and Abdelkader scored in the shootout for Detroit, while Joe Pavelski, Logan Couture and Chris Tierney scored for the Sharks.
The Red Wings had a season-high 44 shots, but San Jose salvaged a point thanks to goalie Martin Jones and Labanc's goal with 4:59 remaining. The Sharks spoiled Mrazek's bid for a third shutout in January after an extended period in Detroit's zone. Luke Glendening of the Red Wings was caught without a stick, and Labanc's wrist shot through traffic beat Mrazek high to the glove side.
Mrazek finished with 30 saves.
MAPLE LEAFS 5, ISLANDERS 0
TORONTO (AP) — Justin Holl and Travis Dermott each scored their first NHL goal, leading Toronto to the victory.
Holl made his NHL debut after being recalled from the minors earlier in the day.
Kasperi Kapanen, Auston Matthews and Mitch Marner also scored for the Maple Leafs (29-18-5), and Frederik Andersen made 28 saves for his fourth shutout of the season.
Thomas Greiss stopped 45 shots for the Islanders (25-22-5), who also lost 4-1 at home against Florida on Tuesday.
Toronto had three rookie defensemen in the lineup after scratching regulars Morgan Rielly (upper body), Roman Polak (viral infection) and Ron Hainsey (illness).
19:36 Reported News Briefs Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 'Putin is good to Jews' Read more The Chabad emissary to Moscow describes warm relations between local Jews and Russian President Vladimir Putin, and says anti-Semitism non-existent in Russia. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Transcript for Sisters who gave birth 20 minutes apart celebrate their daughters' 1st birthday
You did also. Good. The and so did you drive ride and if this is where we didn't cope with a have a cold. X. All the. He didn't hunt them aren't. Because. Oh.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Building a slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here are the big takeaways:
Individuals can get access to all of their data from a given firm, including their employer, by filing a subject access request.
The GDPR will eliminate the cost for subject access requests and shorten the required response time from 40 days to 30.
The May 25 deadline for the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is fast-approaching, and the coming changes will greatly shift the ability of companies to interact with customer data.
Many people know the GDPR for its hard-line regulation around the "right to be forgotten," where an individual can request a company to erase the personal data it holds on them. However, it also contains the right to access any information that may be held by a company, including your employer.
The process for data access under GDPR will be mostly the same as it was under the Data Protection Act of 1998, but with a few slight differences. For starters, a person will need to file a subject access request (SAR) that, as noted by the Guardian, is simply "an email, fax or letter asking for their personal data."
SEE: EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) policy (Tech Pro Research)
For clear guidelines on submitting an SAR, see the Subject access code of practice from the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO). There is no particular format required, as long as the request is made in writing.
There are two key differences between SAR requests made under the Data Privacy Act and those made under GDPR: The cost and time frame.
Before GDPR, the maximum fee that could be charged for access to your data was £10, or about $14. Under GDPR, however, that fee is being removed for standard requests. Although, the ICO also notes that a firm may charge a "reasonable fee" when "a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitive."
According to SAR guidelines from the ICO, an individual should have the personal data held on them described, be told whether their personal data is being processes, be told why it's being processed, be told if that data is being sent anywhere else, and be given a copy the data and details of its sourcing.
The other detail that will change with personal data access under GDPR is how long companies have to respond to your request. Under the Data Privacy Act, companies had 40 calendar days to respond once they received a request. Now, however, they will have to provide the data within one month of receiving the request. The company can file for an extension of an extra two months if the "requests are complex or numerous," according to the ICO's right of access page.
If the request is made electronically, the firm will provide the data in an accessible electronic format. However, the ICO's page notes that GDPR best practices recommend companies establish a secure self-service portal system for easy access.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Cybersecurity Insider newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
WEST ORANGE, N.J. (CBSNewYork) – A disabled teenager is at the center of a housing fight in New Jersey.
His family wants to install a wheelchair ramp at the entrance of their home, but a neighbor is battling them.
As CBS2's Meg Baker reported, it's a struggle to lift 15-year-old Ethan Roman and his wheelchair up the front steps and into his Conforti Avenue home in West Orange.
“We haven't been able to fully move in yet, because we need a ramp and we don't have it yet,” his mother, Stephanie Roman, told Baker.
His mom bought the home in October 2016. She got permits to widen doorways and remodel Ethan's bathroom inside, but she's been fighting the zoning board and a neighbor ever since to create exits from the house to the street — front and back — to meet international building codes.
Roman's lawyer told Baker in order to be compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, both the front door and the back exit must be handicap-accessible.
“To me, it just feels like they're discriminating against my child, who is handicapped. And we, as parents, try to make his life easier,” said Roman.
Ethan has cerebral palsy.
“He's fed through a g-tube, he doesn't walk on his own,” his father, Abimbola Lanyan, said.
CBS2 tried getting answers from members of the zoning board. After multiple calls and emails, Baker was told to talk to the town spokesperson, who then referred her back to the board, saying it is a separate entity from the town. The spokesperson only said variances are required, because the ramps would encroach on the required front and side setbacks.
Baker asked Roman whether she looked into what it would take to make the changes outside before she bought the home.
“I did not. But then again, I did ask would we need a permit. I knew about the permit, but I didn't know they would give us such a hard time,” she said. “I mean, it's something that our son needs.”
A neighbor is fighting the family's plan and got a lawyer. That neighbor's forsythia bushes would be trimmed straight up the Roman's property line, which is legal. The bushes hang over the family's existing paver pathway, exactly where the ramp would be installed – out of sight.
“Bushes shouldn't be more important than having a ramp for a child who is handicapped,” Roman said.
A lawyer for the family said the zoning board may be in violation of the Fair Housing Act after board members suggested the family should have looked into purchasing a different home.
“There could be other homes that are better suited for a handicapped child,” said one board member. “This is not the right house then.”
Roman said the board members also suggested wheeling Ethan straight out the back door to a cement pad in the case of a fire. She said a fenced-in area that slopes toward the home would be extremely unsafe with no clear escape from the property if on fire.
The next hearing on the issue is June 21st. Meanwhile, the Romans remain in limbo.
A neighbor's lawyer said they were not interested in speaking with CBS2.
A Samsung representative confirmed today via Twitter that the company has blocked the ability for users to remap the Bixby hardware button on the Galaxy S8. For soon-to-be Galaxy S8 owners, the news will come as a disappointment, especially since the Bixby voice assistant in English has been delayed and will not be fully functional when units starting shipping later this week. ZDNet reports:
Apple Maps added support for transit directions in West Virginia this week, as first noted by AppleInsider. The directions included below are transit directions within the city of Charleston, WV. Support for this area isn't listed on the Apple Maps feature list, yet, but they are live now. Our screenshot was taken early evening, Monday.
Check It Out: Apple Maps Adds Transit Directions for West Virginia
NEW YORK (AP) — At least one Prince superfan hopes the late superstar's Paisley Park jacked up the price to rent out his former home and studio outside Minneapolis for a Justin Timberlake party ahead of the Super Bowl.
"That's probably what Prince would have done with Justin being there," laughed Jeremiah Freed, known as Dr. Funkenberry in the Prince fandom.
The idea of Timberlake being allowed at the Chanhassen mecca has upset fans some still mourning the Purple One, as has the idea of Prince's 65,000-square-foot spread being granted a temporary liquor license for the duration of Super Bowl mania.
But Freed, who hosts a Prince podcast out of Los Angeles, isn't terribly bothered. Paisley was turned into a museum after Prince died of an accidental drug overdose in April 2016 and his urn is displayed in the front room atrium, far from the Timberlake listening session's presumed location.
"I think the fans are just worried that they're going to be walking around Paisley and they're going to get wine on the carpet or wine on one of the displays. I imagine it would be just how it was in the past, in the soundstage area only for drinks," Freed told The Associated Press in a recent interview.
Despite Prince's no-alcohol reputation, there have been liquor licenses issued for Paisley in the past, including one for an event planned by Prince himself for the month after he died, Freed said.
Dennis Roszkowski, at 61 a top Prince memorabilia collector outside Detroit and a former correspondent for a British-based fan magazine called "Controversy," said that among some fans, "emotions are still playing out."
"It's like our home. We don't want anything to happen to it," he said of the unease over the Super Bowl event.
Sherry Stacy, 47, grew up in Detroit and has loved Prince since she was 8.
"I think it's very rude (to allow alcohol) and it goes against everything Prince was about," Stacy said. "Prince did his thing without drinking and people had fun without it when he would play there. It seems like it's all for the wrong reasons, not to honor the man."
American Express, sponsors of Timberlake's listening tour, Paisley overseers and a Timberlake representative did not respond to requests for comment, but Freed figures the party for AmEx cardholders in celebration of Timberlake's "Man of the Woods" album will not include a free run of the place.
The Paisley soundstage holds about 1,800. American Express informed ticket buyers all ticket sales from Timberlake's event will be donated to the National Park Foundation, the charitable arm of the U.S. National Park Service. He had no idea what American Express was charged to use Paisley. Timberlake will be in town to perform at halftime during the game.
"They're probably making a lot of money off of this and it helps keep Paisley Park alive," Freed said by telephone.
The sold-out Feb. 1 Timberlake party comes with a diss history between the two, initiated by Prince back in 2006 when he said of the "Sexyback" singer: "Sexy never left." Timberlake, responded, in part by making fun of Prince's short stature at an awards show but has declared himself a fan. He posted a moving Instagram tribute soon after Prince's death and attended his Hollywood parties. The two never performed or recorded together.
"This whole JT thing, it's a very sad situation to me. Justin was kind of snide about the whole thing with Prince," Stacy said. "I think this is just a money grab. True Prince fams (what he called his fans) are all about real music played by real musicians, not a JT. I would rather see local musicians from the area. They would sell out, too."
But Freed says he thinks it was just a friendly rivalry.
"With someone like Prince, he felt like there was no competition so he would make up competition in his head. He would constantly, with artists that were relevant, try to make little rivalries because it motivated him. You know, I'm better than Justin. The only competition was him and the past."
Ramon Muntjewerff, 49, is a Dutchman living in Dungarvan, on the south coast of Ireland. Muntjewerff, too, was a correspondent for "Controversy," which was also a fan club. Both shut down around 1993 after the fan-founder had a falling out with Prince.
"I don't think Prince would be too happy about all of this," Muntjewerff said of the Timberlake party. "If it's just a money grabbing thing, to get more money when they don't need it, it's the wrong way. But then again Prince was into finding all sorts of new ways to make money and he didn't make some people happy about that, either."
Freed's final word on how Prince would feel?
"Only Prince knows," he concluded.
Newly obtained surveillance video has caused Nashville police to revise their account of a traffic stop on Friday that ended with a white officer shooting and killing an armed African-American man.
Police say footage first made available Tuesday shows there was no initial physical confrontation between Jocques Scott Clemmons and Nashville Officer Josh Lippert right after Clemmons ran a stop sign and they both exited their cars.
Based on a different video, police first believed Clemmons "abruptly charged at Officer Lippert, making full contact with his body."
Instead, the latest video angle shows Clemmons ran toward Lippert to get around him, stopped short of the officer, and then turned around and ran in the opposite direction, police said.
In a follow pursuit by the officer Clemmons, 31, refused orders to drop the loaded pistol before Lippert fired at him, police said.
The new information comes amid outcry from Clemmons' family questioning the police's claims and the officer's actions. A protest march through downtown Nashville is planned for Tuesday evening.
"As part of the full and accountable investigation into this matter, it is important that the community know of this new development," Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson said in a news release. "The investigation is active and progressing. We are engaging with the FBI. Citizens have my assurance that the investigation will be fair, objective and complete."
Police were initially depending on a surveillance tape from Friday that was filmed further away and from a different angle that "created the impression of contact" between the two men.
Surveillance video released by police appears to show that, after a scuffle, Clemmons was moving away with his back turned to Officer Lippert when Clemmons was shot. Clemmons appeared to be trying to get in between two parked cars. He was shot in the back and died at the hospital Friday.
Lippert has been suspended 20 days over his five years as a Nashville officer. Some of those were in incidents where he used force, according to his personnel file.
Lippert used physical force to take a person out of a car during an October 2015 traffic stop, earning him an eight-day suspension, records show. Lippert's decision to use force "unnecessarily escalated the encounter when the motorist had indicated he was willing to voluntarily step from the car if a supervisor was present," a disciplinary report states.
In June 2013 outside a Nashville bar, Lippert punched in the face and pepper sprayed a drunk man who had begun fighting with him after Lippert decided to switch out the handcuffs on the man.
Lippert's "actions created the necessity to use force against an intoxicated subject," according to a disciplinary report that suspended him for three vacation days.
The shooting death of Clemmons has heightened calls from the NAACP and American Civil Liberties Union for quick action on implementing city plans to equip Nashville police with body cameras. Mayor Megan Barry plans to ask for $12 million for the cameras in the 2017-18 budget.
Additionally, ACLU of Tennessee is asking for the formation of "an independent civilian review board, with robust power to investigate and hold law enforcement accountable."
U.S. Attorney David Rivera has said his office will work with the FBI and the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice in monitoring the case.
There were condolences and tears for nearly 24 hours. Politicians from around the world commented on the tragedy. Journalists have been working non-stop. Then it turns out that there was no assassination after all.
Instead, it was a special operation conducted by Ukraine's security services that has left more questions than answers.
Was it necessary for Ukraine's security services to fake the death of Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko in order to foil a genuine assassination attempt?
Solving a crime does not require such a performance. Perhaps, Kyiv wanted a wider audience for what was planned and felt a staged assassination could ensure the international publicity it wanted. Kyiv can use the case to blame Russia for organizing Babchenko's murder, but, on the other hand, the Kremlin now is accusing Kyiv of manipulating the international community with a fake story.
Can the Ukrainian authorities be trusted?
How will the world react now if a tragedy in Ukraine really happens? Wait a day or two just in case? Kyiv is driving itself into a blind corner if it does not present solid evidence in the future. Even if there is comprehensive support for allegations against the alleged organizer of the planned crime on behalf of Russia, Ukraine runs the risk of losing whatever trust and credibility it has.
Could Babchenko's wife had been kept in the dark?
As stated at a press conference after the special operation, Babchenko'sfamily was not informed of the plan. The journalist apologized in a live broadcast to his wife: "Special apologies to my wife, Olechka, there was no other option." Earlier it was reported in a police statement that his wife has found Arkady wounded and called the police and an ambulance. This is a contradiction that needs to be clarified.
How did Ukraine's security services manage to reach an agreement with the perpetrator of the crime?
The man who allegedly killed a journalist collaborated with Ukraine's security services. According to Ukrainian Prosecutor General Yuriy Lutsenko, after Ukraine's security services found out about the assassination plans, they managed to achieve cooperation with the perpetrator. But so far there have been no more additional details. That's not enough information to get the full picture of what really happened.
Teams from regional high schools faced questions about pop culture, current events and a wide range of academic subjects in Saturday's 2018 Quiz Bowl at the Andy Griffith Theater.
Questions about Netflix series (“Stranger Things” and “13 Reasons Why”) were dispatched quickly and correctly. Questions about dead French poets (Edmond Rostand) and dead American poets who lived in France (Gertrude Stein) gave more difficulty.
When the double-elimination tournament was over, the trophy and bragging rights went to East Surry.
Each match consisted of three rounds. In the first round, each student was given the opportunity to answer one question for 10 points. If the question was missed, the next student in line on the opposing team was given an opportunity to answer for half points.
In rounds two and three, teams were allowed to confer and were given more time to answer. Round two questions were good for 20 points and round three questions earned 30 points. Opposing teams were given a chance to answer missed questions for half points.
Teams drew for placement before play began, and the first match was played by Forbush High School and North Surry High School, with Forbush winning 75-65.
East Surry High School then toppled Millennium Charter Academy 140 – 80, followed by Stokes Early College winning over Yadkin Early College 75 – 30. South Stokes won out over Surry Central 50 – 0, and the last match in the first round was Alleghany High School and the winner of the first match played, Forbush. Forbush won that match 115 – 85.
Play continued for several hours before East Surry ultimately took the top honors, despite a joking Hail Mary in Round One proposing Sarah Palin as the Secretary of State who purchased Alaska from Russia in 1867. (It was William Seward.)
Quiz Bowl is sponsored by the Northwestern Regional Library and its 13 member libraries and has been for at least 30 years, according to director Joan Sherif. “We're really glad to be able to do it,” she said in her opening remarks.
Judges for the event were Pat Polley, Alleghany, Beth Lyon-Smith, Alleghany, and Wayne Matthews, Yadkin Center of Surry Community College.
“I've been a sponsor or a judge for close to 30 years,” said Matthews.
“It's exciting to see youth, any youth, excel,” said Polley. “I especially like the way they are sometimes puzzled, and then come through.”
“I enjoy the participation of the youth year after year,” said Lyon-Smith. “I appreciate that they take time to prepare and do their best.”
“It's fun,” said Homer Dearmin, moderator this year and for several past years. Dearmin is also a longtime Quiz Bowl participant, having begun on his high school's team. “I've been doing it a long time,” he agreed. “But not as long as Wayne.”
East Surry's Quiz Bowl team with the 2018 trophy: front, from left, John Wingo, Ryan Wagoner; back, from left, Coach Terry Collins, Bailey Taylor and Jacob Hart. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_29261336_10208707544645773_5969780803708649472_n.jpg East Surry's Quiz Bowl team with the 2018 trophy: front, from left, John Wingo, Ryan Wagoner; back, from left, Coach Terry Collins, Bailey Taylor and Jacob Hart. Bill Colvard | The News South Stokes' team members Steven Fatz, Katie Quesinberry, Niamai Browning and Antoinette France confer on a question. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_IMG_7354.jpg South Stokes' team members Steven Fatz, Katie Quesinberry, Niamai Browning and Antoinette France confer on a question. Bill Colvard | The News Joan Sherif welcomes participants and guests to 2018 Quiz Bowl. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_IMG_7322.jpg Joan Sherif welcomes participants and guests to 2018 Quiz Bowl. Bill Colvard | The News The Millennium Charter Academy team consults for a Round 3 question: Sydney Watson, Oscar Hampton, Aidan Woods and Dalton Collins. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_IMG_7342.jpg The Millennium Charter Academy team consults for a Round 3 question: Sydney Watson, Oscar Hampton, Aidan Woods and Dalton Collins. Bill Colvard | The News Round 1 was a Forbush (left) vs. North Surry (right) matchup. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_IMG_7337.jpg Round 1 was a Forbush (left) vs. North Surry (right) matchup. Bill Colvard | The News
By Bill Colvard bcolvard@MtAiryNews.com
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
A high school golfer in Michigan was caught off guard by an unlikely opponent.Photos of the attack are going viral as Blissfield High School golfer Devon Gilson-Pitts was attacked on the golf course by the big bird on April 21.The golfers had just finished teeing off and were walking down the fairway when they passed a goose nest.The goose started flying toward the teen and ended up on top of him.Blissfield High School posted the photos on social media with the caption "And you thought golf was boring?"The student was not hurt, but he said his pride was injured."At no point in my life, I never thought golf would be fun or exciting till yesterday," he wrote on Facebook. "We have a great group of kids on the golf team and had some excitement on the course yesterday."
A look at what's happening all around the majors Thursday:
———
SURGING SALE
Red Sox ace Chris Sale goes for his eighth straight win and ninth of the season in the finale of a three-game series at Philadelphia. It would tie Sale, 7-0 in his last eight starts, with Houston's Dallas Keuchel (9-0), Kansas City's Jason Vargas (9-3) and the Los Angeles Dodgers' Clayton Kershaw (9-2) for the major league lead in wins.
STAYING UNBEATEN
Colorado rookie Jeff Hoffman will look for his fifth straight win when the Rockies host San Francisco in the opener of a seven-game homestand. Hoffman is 4-0 with a 2.10 ERA in four starts.
SIXTH MAN
With the New York Mets using a six-man rotation during a long stretch between days off, Robert Gsellman gets another start in the opener of a four-game series against NL East-leading Washington. After making two relief appearances, the rookie right-hander is 3-0 with a 2.16 ERA in four starts. He faces Nationals lefty Gio Gonzalez, who is 9-1 with a 1.62 ERA in 14 starts at Citi Field.
FIRST START
Matt Strahm makes his first career start in the opener of Kansas City's four-game series at the Los Angeles Angels. The left-hander was 1-3 with a 4.05 ERA in 20 appearances out of the bullpen this season.
———
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
NEWBERRY, S.C. (AP) — South Korean-based appliance manufacturer Samsung announced the expansion of its production footprint in South Carolina on Monday, making progress on a plan to create nearly 1,000 jobs in the state by 2020.
The company officially launched a new line of top-loading washing machines at its facility in Newberry. That's in addition to a line of front-loading washing machines that the South Korean electronics company began making at the plant earlier this year.
The expansion comes less than a year after Samsung's June announcement that it would invest $380 million in South Carolina to manufacture home appliances, creating an estimated 950 jobs by 2020. So far, company officials say that they've hired about 650 employees who are now working on the two washing machine lines at a 450,000-square-foot plant.
Samsung took over property that had belonged to Caterpillar, which announced in April 2016 that it was closing its electric generator packaging facility. The closure left more 300 people out of work, but Samsung said that about 10 percent of the 650 full-time employees currently working at the Newberry plant are former Caterpillar employees.
Samsung has also hired some of the 6,000 workers left jobless following the scuttling of a reactor construction project at the V.C. Summer Nuclear Station in Jenkinsville, about 21 miles (34 km) away.
Some retrofitting was needed to get Caterpillar's existing buildings in line with Samsung's designs, but Samsung plant manager Tony Fraley said that not having to start from scratch enabled Samsung to get two lines up and running in under a year. Much of the plant's production is focused on robotics, with robots ferrying specially designed trays of parts around the green- and orange-colored plant, and other robots retrieving the pieces and putting them together.
The process can be slower than at other manufacturing facilities, Fraley said, but more mechanization means higher productivity and also fewer scratches that can come along with human handling.
"Everything has automation built into it," Fraley told The Associated Press during a recent tour of the manufacturing plant and new production line.
About 100 Samsung employees from South Korea are currently on-site helping get the new facility up and running, even able to write computer codes on the spot to help the plant run more smoothly. Eventually, Fraley said they will return to the company's headquarters, after training South Carolina employees on all of the technology needed to run the facility's high-tech machines.
"If something goes awry, they show us how to fix it," Fraley said. "They show us how to troubleshoot it."
By this summer, Fraley said he expected the plant to be running at full capacity. Last year, Samsung announced a collaboration with the University of South Carolina and Clemson University in an effort to make the plant a center for customer service and research and development.
Without giving specifics, Samsung Electronics North America's President and CEO Tim Baxter told AP that the company hopes to add more production lines in the future, as well as establish a supply chain in the state so that Samsung doesn't have to import as many supplies.
"Clearly the plan is to build an eco-system," Baxter said in a recent interview. "Obviously that doesn't happen overnight."
____
Follow Meg Kinnard on Twitter and see more of her work on apnews.com.
The North Central Texas Academy Pioneers beat the Granbury JV in the title game 51-41 to win the Santo Tournament this weekend.
Senior Strata Ivic had 21 points in the championship game.
The Pioneers maintained their spot at No. 1 in the Texas Association of Basketball Coaches Private Class 1A state rankings.
WASHINGTON, United States – The United States on Sunday sharply condemned a North Korean plan to test-fire an intercontinental ballistic missile and warned Pyongyang against “provocative actions.”
The toughly worded US statement called on “all states” to show the North that any unlawful actions would have “consequences.”
It was issued by the Pentagon at a sensitive time – just weeks before President Barack Obama is due to hand power over to his successor, Donald Trump.
ADVERTISEMENT
The statement came hours after Kim Jong-un, the North Korean leader, said his country was close to testing such a missile, which would be capable of reaching American shores.
“We are in the final stages of test-launching the intercontinental ballistic missile,” Kim said in a televised New Year's speech, pointing to a string of nuclear and missile tests last year.
He said Pyongyang was now a “military power of the East that cannot be touched by even the strongest enemy.”
The Pentagon statement noted that “multiple UN Security Council resolutions explicitly prohibit North Korea's launches using ballistic missile technology.”
It urged Pyongyang to “refrain from provocative actions and inflammatory rhetoric that threaten international peace and stability.”
The statement reaffirmed Washington's “ironclad commitment” to defend its allies, using “the full spectrum of US extended deterrence capabilities.”
Pyongyang has never successfully test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), and analysts are divided over how close it is to doing so.
But all agree it has made enormous strides in that direction since Kim took over as leader from his father Kim Jong-Il, who died in December 2011.
The Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force, General David Goldfein, on Monday attended the Israeli Air Force change of command ceremony at the Tel Nof Air Base.
General Goldfein awarded the Legion of Merit (degree of Commander) to outgoing Israeli Air Force Commander Maj. General Amir Eshel. He also met with incoming Israeli Air Force Commander Maj. Gen. Amikam Norkin.
CINCINNATI (AP) -- Trevon Bluiett got off his 3-pointer and felt the foul. The ball went in, he went down, and No. 6 Xavier had the big play it needed to pull one out.
Bluiett had a season-high 31 points, including a four-point play that tied it late in regulation, and the Musketeers never trailed in overtime while holding on for a 96-91 victory over Georgetown on Saturday.
With Xavier (21-3, 9-2 Big East) trailing by four points, Bluiett made his sixth 3-pointer of the game and was leveled by Jagan Mosely after he released the shot. Bluiett hit the free throw, tying it 86-all with 24.3 seconds left.
''We ran a play that was going to open me up for a 3,'' Bluiett said. ''I didn't expect him to jump and foul me. I shot it, it felt good, he got off-balance and ran into me. I just know it's a good feeling.''
That was the break Xavier needed to remain unbeaten in 15 home games this season.
''Sometimes you have a little luck,'' coach Chris Mack said. ''The guy crashing into him - that was very fortunate.''
The Musketeers didn't make a field goal in overtime. They converted all of their 10 free throws, including four by Tyrique Jones, who finished with 15 points. Bluiett's two free throws clinched it with 10 seconds left.
The Hoyas (13-9, 3-8) lamented how they wasted a chance to win it after Bluett's four-point play in regulation. Jahvon Blair passed up an open shot and then forced 3-point try that was well off the mark with 2 seconds left, giving Xavier a chance to finish off a back-and-forth game. There were 20 ties and 21 lead changes, with neither team ahead by more than five points.
''Blair had a shot, but he thought we wanted to hold it,'' coach Patrick Ewing said. ''Sometimes when you have an open shot, you've got to take it when you have it. But he held it and when he shot, it was a bad shot.''
March is when some great springtime fishing begins.
Springtime fishing can be some of the best in our region. Look for many migrating species to start showing up again. From inshore to offshore, these fish are on the move and hungry to eat.
As the water temperature slowly starts to climb this month, look offshore for kingfish, Spanish mackerel, cobia, grouper and sharks to start moving into our areas. Another species that has been very actively biting is mangrove snapper. One of the best tactics for them is to use shrimp. For snappers you want to use a 1/0 or 2/0 hook with a small weight, or try using a small bucktail jig with a piece of shrimp.
Another species that is still around are sheephead. Some of the same tactics I described for snapper will also work on the sheep. Both species can be found around inshore and offshore structure. A small secret is to chum the areas your fishing. Chumming will help get a feeding frenzy going and attract more of the fish you're looking for. This is probably one of the best times of year to go out and target these and many other fish. The weather is still cool; hopefully, not too windy and the water stays clear.
Inshore fishing is off the hook right now. The redfish, trout and snook are all over in the backwaters and nearby grass flats. We have a few areas here that are spring fed, these are also great spots. Look at the beginning and end of the high tide when the water is moving to find these fish more active.
Using artificials, like topwaters, sub surface baits or jerkbaits will produce fish. Also use cut baits like mullet, pinfish, ladyfish or select shrimp. Very few fish will pass up these baits.
Here is another segment on “think like a fish 101”. Most fish fall into two categories, predator and non- predator. A predator fish wants a bait that it can kill, for example: you're working a bait and see a Spanish mackerel following. If you stop moving the bait, the fish will usually turn away–they want to ambush and kill. This pertains to many, if not most fish.
Now non-predators: These are fish that prefer an easy meal. Grouper for example, will attack baits but prefer a bait sitting so they can just pick it up. With this in mind, think about the species you're targeting and work your baits accordingly–think like a fish.
Get out there on the water and make some memories with friends and family! I'm always looking for reports and pictures. You can email me or stop by my website and become a “FISHHEAD”.
Captain Joel Gant operates Fishdaddy Charters out of Hernando Beach; he knows the local waters like the back of his hand. Capt. Gant charter business is family friendly and offers both inshore and offshore trips. Check him out on Facebook or you can reach him at (352) 279-1615. Visit his website, www.fishdaddycharter.com
LONDON (AP) — Britain's key piece of Brexit legislation is starting a new battle in Parliament, as the government downplays a leaked internal document saying leaving the European Union will hurt the U.K. economy.
The House of Lords on Tuesday began scrutinizing the EU Withdrawal Bill, which is designed to convert thousands of EU laws into British statutes when the U.K. leaves the bloc in March 2019. Without it, Britain could face a legal black hole after Brexit.
A majority of members of Parliament's unelected upper house oppose Brexit, and will try to amend the legislation.
Meanwhile, an assessment prepared for the government and leaked to news site BuzzFeed forecasts that Brexit will leave the economy between 2 percent and 8 percent worse off, depending on what trade deal Britain strikes with the EU.
One day after Serena Williams made headlines for wearing a "catsuit" on the court at the French Open, the 23-time Grand Slam champion has launched a fashion line of her own.
Called "Serena" and sold exclusively online, pieces range from $35 to $250, according to Women's Wear Daily, and include athleisure wear, dresses, outerwear and more.
Williams told the fashion publication that she wanted to be sure to create a clothing that felt "practical," but also one that focused on the concept of an s-word, including her name.
“Everyone can have an ‘s' word. Mine is ‘sure.' My mom's is ‘steadfast.' A really good friend of mine who has been through a lot, her ‘s' is ‘survivor,'” Williams explained to WWD. “This is a huge thing that I'm doing right now and a huge undertaking, and I need to be sure. And sometimes even when I walk out onto the court, I'm not sure, I'm not sure I'm going to win. I need to be more sure of myself and more confident in myself. And that's coming from me. And I feel a lot of people can relate to that.”
Williams, 36, has worked in fashion before, having developed lines with HSN and Nike. However, this line is the first one she's done on her own, and she made sure not to rush the process, especially given her evolving personal life. Last September, Williams and her now-husband, Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian, welcomed their first child, daughter Alexis Olympia Ohanian Jr.
“At one point I was going to come out with it in November before I got married, and I remember thinking, ‘I don't want to do that because I want to be able to enjoy my honeymoon and enjoy the wedding,' so we just kept putting it off and changing and adding, and I'm glad we waited," she said. "Life is all about timing, right? I just feel now is the right timing. ... And with all the movements that are going on with women and young girls standing up and doing marches and talking about #MeToo, and standing up for their own rights -- that should be automatically [rights] we have -- but enforcing that and saying ‘these are our rights' — it's timing.”
Now, Williams is hoping the clothing resonates with women like her, and inspires those who may need a boost every now and again.
"The customer is a girl or a woman who believes in herself, or wants to believe in herself; maybe she's feeling unconfident that day,” she said. “And someone that is unapologetically themselves, and that maybe they stand out; maybe they stand out because they are strong or they're beautiful or they want to not be the norm. Our woman is someone who looks at fashion as a compass to show who they are, to show what they are.”
Serena, SerenaWilliams.com
Serena, SerenaWilliams.com
Serena, SerenaWilliams.com
13:25 Reported News Briefs Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Education Minister pilots open-book exams Read more Naftali Bennett floats the idea on Twitter with predictable response: Students jubilant, teachers skeptical. ► ◄ Last Briefs
President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that a military strike against North Korea designed to destroy its nuclear and missile program might not succeed because Pyongyang could have hidden military facilities that nobody knows about.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A new report says the Brooklyn Bridge and Washington's Arlington Memorial Bridge are among thousands of spans considered structurally deficient.
Although the numbers of deficient bridges have declined in recent years, the American Road & Transportation Builders Association's analysis of transportation department data shows more than 55,000 bridges in the U.S. have been deemed deficient.
ARBTA says deficient bridges are crossed about 185 million times a day. The top 14 most-traveled deficient bridges are located in California.
Bridges labeled structurally deficient aren't necessarily in immediate danger of collapse. The term is applied when spans need rehabilitation or replacement because at least one major component has advanced deterioration or other problems.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 2 to 3 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
War crimes intestigators from the United Nations Organization have warned that the assault by a US-led coalition against the Islamic State capital city of Raqqa is causing "staggering" loss of civilian life.
The investigators cite hundreds of civilian deaths by the US-led coalition backing Syrian Kurdish forces with air strikes since the offensive was launched in March. 160,000 people have fled the city as the Syrian Democratic Forces attack the north, west and east of Raqqa. Itis believed that there are 4,000 Islamic State militants in the city, including senior figures along with up to 100,000 trapped civilians.
It is hoped that the attack on Raqqa ends quickly, bringing an end to the suffering of the civilians, and especially for the Yazidi women and girls being held as sexual slaves by Islamic State. However, according to the Chair of the Independent Commission on Syria, Paolo Pinheiro, progress must not come "at the expense of civilians who unwillingly find themselves living in areas where [IS] is present". He blamed in particular the intensification of air strikes paving the way for the SDF to advance, which "has resulted not only in staggering loss of civilian life, but has also led to 160,000 civilians fleeing their homes and becoming internally displaced."
The deployment of white phosphorous by the US-led coalition has also been heavily criticized.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- A magnitude 4.6 earthquake rattled southeastern Taiwan's Taitung County this morning (May 31) at 9:03 a.m., according to the Central Weather Bureau (CWB).
The epicenter of the quake was located 13.1 kilometers northeast of Taitung County and was measured at a shallow depth of 7.4 kilometers, based on CWB data.
An intensity level of 5 was felt in Central Taitung County, while an intensity level of 1 was felt in Pingtung County, Tainan County, Kaohsiung City and Tainan City.
No injuries were reported at the time of publication.
Located along the so-called Pacific Ring of Fire, Taiwan uses an intensity scale of 1 to 7, which gauges the degree to which a quake is felt in a specific location.
Britain has protested to Israel over the wording of the Foreign Ministry's announcement regarding the affair of the poisoning of a former Russian and his daughter in England, and made it clear that it is "dissatisfied with the wording," according to Yediot Ahronot.
Israel refrained from explicitly accusing Russia of the assassination attempt, eliciting a positive response from Moscow about "western Jerusalem".
Hezbollah has published a list of items that Israelis "need to have in the next war."
Addressing Israelis in Hebrew, the list includes gas masks (because "the ammonia plant will be attacked"), shoes ("to run quickly"), pills ("to stay calm"), life vests (because "your battleships will be attacked with rockets"), and flashlights (because "your electricity stations will be attacked with rockets").
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Helen Mirren says her new film "Winchester " isn't a horror flick, but rather a ghost story with foreign roots and a distinct American element — the psychological impact of gun deaths.
Mirren plays the real-life Sarah Winchester, a 19th-century heiress who inherited a massive fortune from her husband's creation of the Winchester repeating rifle shortly after the Civil War. In the film, Winchester believes she is haunted by those killed by the firearm, which allowed for more rapid firing than previous rifles.
"It's a ghost story, hopefully in the tradition, the very grand tradition, of Japanese ghost stories, ghost films," Mirren said in a recent interview. "You know, the Japanese love ghost stories and have great belief in the power of the ancestor spirits, of the ancestors, as many cultures do."
Part of the film was shot at Winchester's mansion in San Jose, California, where she moved after the death of her husband in 1881. Now known as the "Winchester Mystery House," it is a popular tourist attraction and has more than 160 rooms, 10 thousand windows, two thousand doors and forty staircases.
According the lore around Winchester's life, she ordered constant construction on the home to try to confuse the ghosts she believed were haunting her.
"There are many theories why she did this," Mirren said. "And one of the theories that we explore in the film. She was trying to placate the ghosts of the people who'd been killed by the Winchester rifle. She felt their deaths very strongly. She felt responsible. She felt the weight of their deaths upon them. And she was trying, in her own way, to placate their spirits."
Despite "Winchester's" themes, Mirren, 72, said the film isn't trying to make any broad statements about gun ownership in America.
"What I like about it and I think ... about America is that it doesn't deal with whether you can carry guns or not. That's kind of not the issue," she said. "The issue is more putting the question mark or the weight of moral decision upon the people who make a fortune from making arms — whether they're guns, bombs, grenades ... or whatever it is. It puts a moral decision upon the people who make huge fortunes from making and then I would say the armaments dealers in the world I would like to see it... I see it personally in a much more global way."
#CountyFire [update] east of Lake Berryessa (Yolo and Napa Counties) is now 82,700 acres and 25% contained. Evacuations in effect. https://t.co/z2FpwZ89SK pic.twitter.com/uSaipjp6g2 — CAL FIRE (@CAL_FIRE) July 4, 2018
More than 2,800 firefighters are doing everything they can to get a handle of the County Fire. It's burning across parts of Yolo and Napa counties, east of Lake Berryessa."Crews are taking advance of favorable weather conditions and conducting a firing operation", said Jordan Motta, a fire captain and Cal Fire spokesman.Motta says crews are using special equipment, including drip torches and pistols to fight the fire. The department posted a video on its Twitter page to explain."What they'll be using is drip torches and pistols, which shoot a firing device, to help us take away fuel from the main fire," said Motta. "That allows us to burn in a more controlled fashion."Cal Fire says this special firing operation will continue as long as conditions allow. The County Fire has been burning since June 30, 2018.
PARIS, WI - Three people were killed in shootings at the Great Lakes Dragaway in Kenosha County, Wisconsin on Sunday evening.
According to Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth, a suspect is still at large.
The victims are believed to be from Aurora, Ill.
The shooting happened at around 7 p.m. at the track during an event called Larry's Fun Fest. An estimated 5,000 people were at the facility when the shooting occurred.
Beth said the victims were standing near the concessions stand when the shooter approached and shot them at very close range. Investigators are talking to friends of the victims to try and piece together what happened.
"There's no positive ID on the suspect right now, we don't know the motive, we're not aware of any altercations that happened earlier, at this point the detectives I've talked to are not aware of what caused this," Beth said.
Beth told Milwaukee-based TMJ4 that the shootings were believed to be the result of rival gangs from Milwaukee and Chicago coming to a head, and that they have caused problems at the Union Grove facility in the past.
"We're not aware of any danger to the community. We believe that whoever did this is either still on here on site, or more likely left the Great Lakes Drag Strip," Beth said.
Wisconsin State Patrol confirms it is assisting with road closures in the area.
The Great Lakes Dragaway is a quarter-mile dragstrip located in Paris, Wisconsin.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Turns out “Mr Brightside” by The Killers can be reworked with the lyrics of “Santa Claus is Coming to Town!” Our new favourite Christmas carol! #9Today pic.twitter.com/rhZfnusuAC — The Today Show (@TheTodayShow) December 10, 2017
Ever since 2006, The Killers have released a new Christmas song every holiday season, and while this tradition has yielded classics like “Joel, The Lump Of Coal,” the best Killers Christmas song of all isn't even by them, and it isn't even a real song, since it only exists as a hilarious tweet at the moment.
A few days ago, YouTuber NeonFiona sent out a tweet in which she indirectly points out that the lyrics of “Santa Claus Is Coming To Town” also work when sung in the same rhythm as The Killers' “Mr. Brightside.” Check out the tweet below, and try to convince me after that you didn't just quietly whisper this to yourself and then laugh.
now he's making a list and he's checking it twice and he's gonna find out if you're naughty or nice. now they're going to bed and my stomach is sick and it's all in my head — festive fiona 🎄 (@neonfiona) December 7, 2017
The joke gained more traction when Australia's The Today Show devoted a quick minute of airtime to the bit over the weekend, during which the show's co-host David Campbell tried his hand at singing the Santa-fied song. For their part, The Killers didn't seem that impressed when the joke was brought up to them, but I'm still optimistic that once they realize the beauty of it, they'll work it into a concert to bring the joke full circle.
While we wait for that to happen, check out some of the tweets in response to the original below.
And he's filling his sack now, loading up the sleigh now let me go… — Paul Anderton (@curtinparloe) December 9, 2017
The wait for gifts is killing meeeeee — Benni Bordeaux 🖤 (@BenzoGoddess) December 9, 2017
started out with some gifts how did it end up like this — 99X (@99x) December 9, 2017
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A Bronx middle school teacher has been reassigned away from students after giving a controversial lesson on slavery.
As CBS2's Tony Aiello reported, students at Middle School 118 in the East Tremont section of the Bronx claim seventh-grade social studies teacher Tricia Cummings told several black children to lie on the floor during a lesson about the slave trade and the cruel conditions aboard slave ships.
When one girl laughed uncomfortably, Cummings allegedly stepped on her back, saying “See how it feels to be a slave?”
The controversy was first reported in the Daily News.
“To take your feet (and) step on the kid's back, that's a sign of disrespect, racism and everything else,” said parent Andrew Sims.
“I'm all for students learning,” said parent Benjamin Caceres, “but there should be boundaries, and there are certain things that just shouldn't be done.”
“She should be reprimanded, not let go, because I heard she was a great teacher. But when you do wrong things, it always backfires, so she should've thought about it before she did it,” said Abbie Anderson, another parent.
Chancellor Carmen Fariña told CBS2 that Cummings has been temporarily reassigned.
“I don't want to make any suppositions,” Fariña said. “It's under investigation. It's a very serious allegation, and she was removed, and I think at this point we have to wait for the investigation.”
Several students who had the teacher said they liked her very much.
“She was a great teacher,” one girl said. “I was surprised when they told me this happened. But I don't actually believe she'd do something like that.”
Students went home Friday with a letter from the principal, who promises to work with teachers on best practices for covering sensitive material, such as slavery.
CBS2 emailed Cummings for comment, but she did not respond. On her website, the teacher says her goal is to create a “caring safe and fairminded” classroom environment.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The man who shot a congressman and four other people Wednesday had apparently volunteered for Bernie Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign, the Vermont senator said Wednesday before assailing violence as "unacceptable in our society."
"I am sickened by this despicable act," said Sanders, an independent.
Sanders, 75, unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination against Hillary Clinton. He ran a passionate, anti-establishment campaign that won support from many younger, liberal voters and gave Clinton a closer race than many expected, but he eventually backed her candidacy.
The senator spoke hours after a man identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, opened fire on Republican lawmakers, aides and others practicing baseball in suburban Alexandria, Virginia. Officers shot Hodgkinson, who later died.
Sanders issued a two-paragraph statement on the shooting and read it nearly verbatim on the Senate floor. He ignored a reporter's attempt to ask him questions, walking briskly out of the Capitol after a vote.
"Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society, and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms," Sanders said. "Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values."
Robert Becker, director of Sanders' Iowa campaign, said staff workers could not recall Hodgkinson. Hodgkinson was said to have been among 1,000 volunteers around Davenport, but Becker said, "Nobody has a recollection of this guy coming in."
BERLIN (AP) — An activist group on Tuesday published a database of information on suspected chemical attacks in Syria , adding to a growing collection of videos and images documenting alleged war crimes during the seven-year conflict.
The Syrian Archive, which works with human rights groups such as Amnesty International, said it has verified 861 videos covering some 212 attacks — most of them believed to have been carried out by government forces.
The material comes from 193 sources and much of it was uploaded to social media by ordinary Syrians, the group's co-founder, Hadi al-Khatib, told an audience in Berlin.
Al-Khatib, who has lived in Germany since 2014, said the group wants to preserve sensitive material from disappearing , so that it might eventually be used to bring those responsible for war crimes to trial. But the team, which is spread across Europe and the Middle East, also wants to "add value" to the raw material, such as by determining the location where a video was taken and, most importantly, verifying that it shows what is claimed.
The Syrian Archive cooperates with the open source journalism site Bellingcat that has made a name for itself forensically examining footage from war zones.
While most of the chemical attacks documented by the group are alleged to have been carried out by forces loyal to President Bashar Assad, including most recently in the town of Douma near Damascus, a handful have been attributed to rebel forces and the Islamic State extremist group, said Abdulrahman al-Jaloud, one of the Syrian Archive's researchers.
Al-Khatib said he and fellow activists try not to get disheartened by the fact that efforts to bring those responsible for war crimes in Syria to trial have so far been unsuccessful.
"That doesn't mean we should stop," he said. "We are looking forward to the day when we can use this material, because the reconstruction of Syria must include acknowledging, investigating and prosecuting crimes."
Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely (Likud) responded on Monday night to the publication of Marwan Barghouti's article in The New York Times:
"Barghouti is not [an ordinary] prisoner," Hotovely said. "He is a convicted murderer and a terrorist."
"The New York Times has provided a platform to a terrorist without noting the fact that he planned and carried out the cold blooded murder of Jews simply for having been Jews.
"This is not a matter of freedom of speech. It is anarchy. When a major newspaper with a reputation for responsible journalism becomes a platform for murderers, it provides legitimacy for terrorism. This is a very disappointing decision by the editors which seriously undermines the credibility of The New York Times."
Marwan Barghouti led the 'Al-Aqsa Brigade' during the Second Intifada, directly causing the deaths of many Israelis. Convicted in 2004 and sentenced to five life sentences and forty years in prison, he is leading the current hunger strike. His recent op-ed in The New York Times, explained his reasons for launching the hunger strike.
Climate Change: What Did We Know and When Did We Know it?
Views : 3
Russian President Vladimir Putin has arrived in Ankara to meet his Turkish counterpart, following visits to Syria and Egypt.
Putin and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan are meeting Monday evening to discuss developments in Syria and the Middle East, as well as bilateral relations, according to the Turkish president's office.
Putin and Erdoğan met several times this year and regularly talk on the telephone as they and Iran work to broker a solution in Syria.
Relations between the two countries were tense after Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet for violating its airspace in 2015. But the two have since restored bilateral relations.
Putin and Erdoğan are expected to hold a joint news conference after their meeting.
NEW YORK (CBS2) — Host Mike Francesa may be returning to Sports Radio WFAN after having quit the station four months ago, according to an interview by a local newspaper.
According to Newsday, the radio host said Tuesday “it is time to return to WFAN,” signaling a reversal of his decision to end his 30-year tenure with the station.
Francesa joined WFAN in 1987 and served up commentary on New York and national sports headlines for 30 years, including a run from 1989 to 2008 with Christopher “Mad Dog” Russo on the “Mike and the Mad Dog” show.
On Dec. 15, Francesa thanked fans and seemed at peace with ending his on-air run with WFAN, which included the “Francesa: A Night to Remember” event at Long Island's Tilles Center in Greenvale in November and a showcase of tweets from fellow broadcasters and athletes.
“Thirty years of this has been a blessing,” Francesa said during his final monologue. “It's been a gift. It's more than anybody could've ever hoped for. I've had the best job in the world.”
Should he return to his former time slot, it was unclear what the future would hold for his successors — Chris Carlin, Maggie Gray and Bart Scott — who currently are heard on WFAN from 2 p.m. to 6:30 p.m.
This week Francesa was taking a different tone.
“This is for those who started this campaign in recent days. I didn't decide to go back to WFAN until I was told I better not go back,” Francesa told Newsday. “For those behind it, that was the moment I decided to return.”
When contacted by CBS2 on Tuesday, WFAN program director Mark Chernoff said he had no comment on Francesa's potential return.
Francesa told Newsday he worked with the agency CAA on a project that includes WFAN.
“That will be explained in the days ahead,” he said to Newsday.
(Editor's Note: Sports Radio WFAN-AM was owned by CBS Radio Inc. until its sale to another company in November 2017.)
LONDON (AP) — Christian Eriksen has scored after 11 seconds for Tottenham against Manchester United for the Premier League's fastest goal since Ledley King netted after a record 10 seconds for the north London club in 2000.
Eriksen's goal against United at Wembley Stadium on Wednesday came directly after the kickoff. Jan Vertonghen's high, long pass from inside his own half reached Harry Kane who headed to Dele Alli and the midfielder flicked the ball across for Eriksen to finish.
The fastest goal in the Premier League was scored by King against Bradford in 2000 in a game that Tottenham drew 3-3.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
At Gordon/Greenside: @SCCoSheriff got report of #grenades found at estate sale. 10 homes evacuated. Bomb squad working on safe disposal. pic.twitter.com/dQglq8dH30 — Katie Marzullo (@KatieABC7) March 20, 2018
It was a scary few hours in an unincorporated San Jose neighborhood after a homeowner discovered grenades in the basement of her house.The woman lives on the 300 block of Gordon Avenue, near Greenside Drive.The Santa Clara County Sheriff's Office received a call about the devices little after 4 p.m. The homeowner discovered the grenades while preparing for an estate sale.The woman organizing the sale told ABC7 News they found five grenades. She said two of them were smoke grenades and three of them were live. The women actually moved the devices before calling authorities-fortunately without incident.Sheriff's deputies blocked off streets and evacuated 10 homes while the bomb squad worked to safely detonate the devices.A loud explosion was heard shortly after 7 p.m. and deputies cleared the scene shortly after that.The estate sale representative said the homeowner had no idea how the devices ended up in her basement. The home has been vacant for two years.A spokesperson for the sheriff's office said the incident is under investigation.
BELTON, Texas (AP) — A murder suspect who had been booked into a Central Texas jail with bond initially set at $4 billion bond has been released after he posted a reduced bond of $151,000.
The Bell County Sheriff's Office says Antonio Marquis Willis of Killeen was released Monday afternoon.
Bell County Justice of the Peace Claudia Brown said Friday that she set the multibillion-dollar bond as a protest to exorbitant bonds, which she said force too many people to remain in jail until trial.
A state district judge lowered the bond to $151,000 on Friday. Brown had acknowledged her bond amount could be seen as a constitutional violation.
Willis is charged with first-degree murder in the Dec. 22 shooting death of Donte Samuels in Killeen.
Now Playing: Firefighters rescue horse trapped in mud pit
Now Playing: Crocodile bites down on elephant's trunk
Now Playing: Wild goose chase for one surprised cop in Indiana
Now Playing: Police officers welcome WWII, Korean War vets
Now Playing: The motion of stars 5 million years in the future
Now Playing: Giant snake rattles passing motorists
Now Playing: Kangaroos invade golf course in Australia
Now Playing: Sonogram shows twin sisters 'kissing' inside mother's womb
Now Playing: Holiday-loving couple shows off epic Easter decorations, including 6,000 eggs
Now Playing: Baby goats enjoy cozy sweaters
Now Playing: Time lapse shows Mount Etna erupting
Now Playing: Whale shark glides past divers
Now Playing: Horses on the loose gallop down street in England
Now Playing: Sydney Trains releases shocking footage to improve child safety
Now Playing: Suspected robber drops cash on the street after heist
Now Playing: New Year in Thailand means getting soaked by elephants
Now Playing: National Zoo's baby orangutan goes for a wild ride
Now Playing: Squirrel served daily ice cream mini-cones at North Carolina sweets shop
Now Playing: Minnesota college student creates 3-page dating application for potential suitors
Here's our weekly look at the fortunes of some of the game's brightest young stars ages 24 and under.
Hot
Evgeny Kuznetsov, C, Washington Capitals
The Caps are cooking, having won 11 in a row at home. They've scored at least five goals in 10 of those games, opening up space at the top of the Metropolitan Division standings. Any discussion about Washington's ability to finally break through in the postseason has to focus on the 24-year-old Kuznetsov, who struggled during the playoffs last year and got off to a slow start this season. But Kuznetsov has been terrific of late, with five goals and four assists in his past seven games. The 26th overall pick in 2010 has points in 11 of his past 13 games.
Mikko Rantanen, RW, Colorado Avalanche
There hasn't been much to smile about in Denver this season, as the Avs look destined to finish dead last in the league. But let's give credit where it's due: Colorado has played solid hockey of late and it must give management solace to see Rantanen, 20, getting into a groove with four goals -- one a winner -- ?and two assists in his past five games. The 10th overall pick in 2015 is one of few untouchables on an Avalanche roster that could see serious turnover before the March 1 trade deadline.
Seth Jones, D, Columbus Blue Jackets
The Blue Jackets have the fourth-best winning percentage in the NHL and remain very much in the hunt for home-ice advantage in the playoffs -- and who thought back in September we'd be saying that? Columbus is fifth in goals allowed per game and Jones remains an integral cog to the team's defensive scheme, leading all Blue Jackets with 23:36 in average ice time per game. He has also picked up the offensive pace, with three goals -- including a winner -- and three assists in his past six games.
Not
Patrik Laine, RW, Winnipeg Jets
An interesting storyline came out of Winnipeg earlier this week when head coach Paul Maurice demoted Laine to the fourth line after a couple of giveaways that ultimately led to a? Minnesota Wild?victory against the Jets. Laine is still second in the league in rookie scoring, with 23 goals, and in spite of going pointless in his past two games, he had points in eight straight games before. Still, we'll see how Laine responds to tough love as the Jets try to stay in the playoff hunt.
Alex Galchenyuk, C, Montreal Canadiens
After missing more than a month with a recurring knee injury, it's been slow going for Galchenyuk, a talented 22-year-old whom the Habs drafted with the No. 3 pick in 2012. Before netting the overtime winner in Arizona on Thursday, Galchenyuk had just five points in his previous nine games -- and three of those came in one game. He was not a plus player in any of his past 10 games. If the Habs are going to be the Stanley Cup threat some believe them to be, Galchenyuk needs to return the early-season form that propelled him into a No. 1 center role with the Atlantic-Division leading Canadiens.
Sam Reinhart, C/RW, Buffalo Sabres
After a stretch that saw the 21-year-old Reinhart record points in seven of 10 games, sometimes playing the wing with center Jack Eichel, the 2014 second overall pick's production tailed off. Reinhart has just two goals and six points in his past 14 games. The Sabres are quickly sinking beneath the playoff surface and will need their offense to kick into gear if they're going to return to relevance in the Eastern Conference. The talented sophomore will be a big part of that process.
Young guns showdown
Nick Schmaltz, LW, Chicago Blackhawks versus Leon Draisaitl, RW/C? Edmonton Oilers
At Edmonton, Saturday, Feb. 11
Schmaltz isn't necessarily a household name, but the 20-year-old has been playing on the Blackhawks' top line with red-hot Jonathan Toews and Marian Hossa?-- and, after a stint in the minors, he appears ready to embrace the opportunity. Meanwhile, Draisaitl, a natural center, has been a revelation this season, with 20 goals and 27 assists. The 21-year-old has been skating on the right side with Patrick Maroon and a guy named Connor McDavid, and together they've posed?a special kind of threat to opposing teams.
Celebrating the Fourth of July with a patriotic display of fireworks is a quintessential holiday activity. But for those who want their own personal fireworks display, it might not always be a legal celebration.
Interested in 4th of July? Add 4th of July as an interest to stay up to date on the latest 4th of July news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
This year, all but one state has laws that allow for the sale of at least some type of firework devices. These laws range from some states only allowing sparklers and other types of novelty devices, to others that allow any kind of consumer-grade fireworks to be sold. Massachusetts is the only state that has a total blanket ban on all types of fireworks.
Each state is free to make their own laws about the sale and use of fireworks, and those laws can vary wildly from state to state. The different types of consumer-grade fireworks are regulated by the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC).
It's important to note that while some fireworks may have been approved by your state government, your local government may have additional restrictions. The CPSC encourages you to check the local laws in your city, town, or county to make sure the fireworks you want to use are legal.
STOCK/Getty Images
New York is one state where the laws vary by county. While sparklers are legal in most parts of the state, they remain illegal in New York City, plus Columbia, Nassau, and Schenectady Counties. The State Office of Fire Prevention and Control lists hundreds of stores across the state where the legal devices can be sold.
While California allows some types of consumer fireworks, they remain illegal in some parts of the state.
Daniel Berlant, who oversees the fireworks program for the California Office of the State Fire Marshal, told ABC News that the agency tests all fireworks that are allowed in the state to make sure they don't explode or have uncontrollable sparks. They also include in their public education campaign for the public and visitors information about their zero-tolerance policy towards illegal fireworks.
Mayor of Los Angeles Eric Garcetti tweeted on Monday a reminder about the city's municipal fireworks ban, warning of the danger involved.
#Fireworks are illegal in the City of Los Angeles and even small ones can cause a lot of damage. This watermelon was completely destroyed by a firework the size of a stick of gum. ?? This #FourthOfJuly be safe, find a professional show near you: https://t.co/gow9utbD5K pic.twitter.com/KHqrJZDVba — Mayor Eric Garcetti (@MayorOfLA) July 2, 2018
State fire officials in California stress that they will be enforcing the laws against illegal fireworks. If convicted of having or using any illegal fireworks, a violator could face up to a $50,000 fine and a maximum of one year in prison.
In light of the wildfires burning across the state, officials in Colorado are urging residents to attend professional displays instead of setting off their own fireworks. In addition, some counties may have emergency bans on fireworks and open burning because of the potential for new wildfires to start. Officials urge those who do choose to use fireworks to make sure they do so legally and safely, by not lighting them near dry grass or brush, and by having a hose or bucket of water nearby.
STOCK/Getty Images
Florida's law has a big loophole that was created as a result of a 2002 court case. The state has a law banning fireworks that aren't sparklers to people who don't fall under some limited exceptions, like railroad companies using them as signals, people using them for sporting or ceremonial events, or farmers looking to scare birds away from their crops. A Florida court ruled that a fireworks distributor could not be charged for illegally selling fireworks because the undercover detective that purchased them signed a form saying that he fell under one of the exceptions, and the seller was not required to verify that information. Since the Legislature hasn't closed the loophole, it remains open to this day.
Pennsylvania recently overhauled their fireworks regulations for the first time since 1939. The state legislature passed a bill in October that legalized all types of consumer-grade fireworks. Previously, some of these could only be sold to out of state residents, according to the Pennsylvania State Police. The state also applies heavy taxes on the devices, adding a 12 percent tax on top of the sales tax. The proceeds go towards grants for first responders like EMS workers and firefighters.
Regardless of what type of fireworks your state permits, the CPSC urges those celebrating Independence Day with any type of fireworks to do so carefully. Speaking at a safety event run by the Commission last week, Michael Spencer, who lost several fingers in a fireworks-related accident in 2015 shared his advice with the public.
“Fireworks can be extremely dangerous, even if they are legal,” said Spencer. “My advice would be to leave them to the professionals.”
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Indiana will remain one of just five states without a hate crimes law after key lawmakers in the GOP-dominated Senate announced Tuesday that they were abandoning a bill targeting crimes motivated by bias.
Leaders of Indiana's GOP-dominated Statehouse have consistently opposed hate crimes legislation. But that changed this year in the wake of clashes between white supremacists and counter demonstrators in Charlottesville, Virginia, that left one woman dead in August.
The bill by Republican Sen. Sue Glick had support from GOP leaders, including House Speaker Brian Bosma and Senate leader David Long. Then on Tuesday the chairman of a key Senate committee decided to not take a vote on the bill.
"It's a matter of peoples' opinions. We just couldn't come to consensus," Long, of Fort Wayne, said late at a press conference announcing the effort was done for the year.
A deep thread of social conservatism runs throughout the state and lawmakers, headed into an election year, faced intense pressure from activists who argue that creating a hate crimes law would create a special protected class of victims.
At the same time, much of Indiana's business community was in lock-step support of the measure, which they say is important to lure talent and new business to the state.
Indianapolis was named one of 20 finalists competing to be the location of a second Amazon headquarters. A coalition of central Indiana municipal officials, including Republicans, had pushed for a hate crimes law in hopes of making the state more appealing.
Despite his support for the measure, Long dismissed their worries.
"I really don't think it should affect anything," said Long. "Nor do I think we should tailor all of our legislation in hopes that a company would locate here. I would hope they'd be coming to Indiana because we are a welcoming state, because we have a great economy and we have low cost of living."
The bill by Glick, a former county prosecutor from LaGrange County, would have specifically allowed a judge to take into account whether a crime was motivated by someone's race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, disability, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation or ethnicity. It would also require such crimes to be reported to the FBI. Currently, Indiana law enforcement agencies are not required to do so.
Advocates say anecdotal accounts suggest the number of so-called bias crimes are on the rise and the Southern Poverty Law Center reports 26 active hate groups in the state.
Democratic Sen. Greg Taylor, of Indianapolis, ripped Republicans for being content with the status quo.
"What we did today was said to companies like Amazon ... 'We don't need your business, we don't need your economic development, we don't need your jobs,'" said Taylor. "We are comfortable with the status quo."
Last Wednesday, the New York State Public Service Commission (PSC) ruled that municipal power companies could charge higher electricity rates to cryptocurrency miners who try to benefit from the state's abundance of cheap hydroelectric power. Ars Technica reports:"In Plattsburgh, for example, monthly bills for average residential customers increased nearly $10 in January because of the two cryptocurrency companies operating there," the PSC document says. The city of Plattsburgh, New York has since imposed an 18-month moratorium on commercial cryptocurrency mining to "protect and enhance the city's natural, historic, cultural and electrical resources."
A "Celebration of Life" memorial will take place tonight for three women killed at a veterans facility in Yountville. The victims were mental health workers in a program at the Veterans Home of California.Doctor Jennifer Golick was a therapist, wife and mother to a 7-year-old daughter. Doctor Jennifer Gonzales Sushereba was nearly seven months pregnant. Her husband said she "will always be remembered for her unconditional love and incredibly giving heart." Christine Loeber dedicated her life to helping veterans heal.The women were shot and killed by Army Veteran Albert Wong on March 9 before he took his own life.This evening's memorial will be held at the Napa Valley Performing Arts Center at Lincoln Theater. It is open to the public.They are expecting quite a turn out tonight and are planning for overflow seating. Families of at least two of the victims have said they will be there. Speakers will include the Mayor of Yountville, Congressman Mike Thompson and an alum of the Pathway Home which is where the three victims worked.There will also be some four-legged friends willing to offer some comfort."Beta and myself, as well as several other service dogs and their companions and handlers will be here at the services Monday night, just in case people need an extra little hug," said Linda Powers, comfort dog handler.The theater holds 1,200 people and is expected to reach capacity. Doors will open at 4:30 p.m. and seating will be on a first-come, first-serve basis. They have made arrangements to show the ceremony live at a few different locations on the property of the veterans home for those who can't get into the theater. They will also be showing it downtown at the Yountville Community Center. The local radio station will be playing it.Safeway has donated drinks and snacks for the crowd to enjoy after the ceremony.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Sean Hannity welcomed Fox News The Five host Jesse Watters (formerly of The O'Reilly Factor segment “Watters' World”) and liberal political commentator Jessica Tarlov on Thursday night to discuss the Devin Nunes memo, which Trump approved for release on Friday. Like the president, both Hannity and Watters seem confident that the contents of the “cherry-picked memo” — which FBI Director Christopher Wray is “raising hell” over — will serve to discredit the Russia probe.
Watters even went so far as to quote Barack Obama, in that “if you don't want the truth to come out, you have something to hide,” insinuating that Democrats have a reason to fear details of the FBI's surveillance of Trump campaign advisor Carter Page.
Hannity then went on to suggest that the infamous “pee-pee tape” was a made up story to obtain a FISA warrant, which Watters unsurprisingly agreed with. “And you know it's not true,” he chimed in, presenting the most astounding argument against the existence of the salacious evidence so far. “If someone pees in the bed, where are you gonna sleep?”
Watters claim was received incredulously by a stunned Tarlov. “Well I don't think he's having a sleepover, I think it's transactional, I don't think it's a cuddle-fest,” she retorted. Indeed, Tarlov. I don't think Russian hookers work the way Jesse Watters think they work — but we'll leave it at that.
Award-winning movie and television actor Mandy Patinkin portrays the national security adviser in the Showtime original series Homeland, and his character's had a bumpy past.
Over the various seasons, he has been kidnapped by the Pakistanis, jailed by an American president, taken hostage by U.S. extremists, witnessed colleagues killed in terror attacks, and then was fired as CIA director.
This season he's working under a president who is at war with the intelligence community, the Russians are manipulating the news, and some people think the commander in chief might be mentally unstable.
With a Mona Lisa-like smile, Patinkin reminds "Powerhouse Politics" podcast hosts Jon Karl and Rick Klein that truth can sometimes seem stranger than fiction. “Remember I'm in a fictional show. This is a real show you report on a daily basis.”
Play
But how do the Homeland storylines have such eerie parallels to the daily headlines? Patinkin described “spy camp,” where the show producers and actors meet in Washington, D.C., and immerse themselves in the intelligence field. One of the brains they pick is Ret. Gen. Michael Hayden, former CIA head and director of the National Security Agency.
“We meet in a room in Georgetown for 10 to 12 hours a day two to three hours per person. The ‘who's who' of the intelligence community comes through the door, and we ask them questions. But they're no different than the questions that everybody who wakes up in the world ask themselves every morning. What are you most concerned about? What do you think is their greatest concern?” Patinkin adds that he's not just listening to the answers. He's observing their body language. “I'm watching their behavior. I'm not that interested in the specifics that they're talking about, as much as their behavior.”
Patinkin talked about a moment when an intelligence expert was describing how different it was to brief President Donald Trump on national security than his predecessors. And what scared this seasoned security pro? “He said I've spent my life in the Oval Office, every day for years and years, briefing the president. And I know the difference that takes place between a candidate and a president. And I was certain when I met with you those months ago, that change that this office makes on a human being would insert itself into this individual who had been elected. I was certain that it would have an effect on that man. And it hasn't.”
That confession rattled the Homeland star. “To admit that he hadn't seen that change in his nature. Terrifying. That's a powerful moment.”
In real life, Patinkin worries about a segment of society that is experiencing dramatic changes with a new administration – international refugees. He's recently back from Uganda where he visited refugee camps with the International Rescue Committee. “And people say, ‘Why do you care about this?' Why do I care about it? Because none of us would be standing here if our country hadn't welcome our ancestors. That's why we're here every one of us in this country. And to forget that is to forget why you're breathing.”
And he points at the politicians to make changes. “We have to we have to change the diplomacy. Remember why we're here. And remember our moral ethical fabric and nature as human beings, and encourage our leaders to do something about that.”
So any chance for a happy ending in the final season of Homeland? Without any spoilers, he “begged” the writers for a hopeful note to end on. “Please give a poetic possibility. A moral to the end of our story, a moral that would guide us or lead us to something more hopeful and optimistic. That is what I've asked for, and this year I got my wish. You will see it in the final episode.” Stay tuned.
A 20-year-old student from the Netherlands is making a powerful statement about sexual objectification by turning the tables.
A 20-year-old student from the Netherlands is making a powerful statement about sexual objectification by turning the tables.
Noa Jansma took selfies with her catcallers for a month and posted them to Instagram.
From August to Sept. 29, Jansma posted 24 photos to @dearcatcallers, captioning many with the words men shouted at her.
“Sexy girl Where you're goin'?? Can I come with you ?” reads one.
“Weheeee horny girl,” another is captioned.
“It's not a compliment,” she wrote on Instagram.
“By making the selfie, both the objectifier and the object are assembled in one composition. Myself, as the object, standing in front of the catcallers, represents the reversed power ratio which is caused by this project,” she wrote in the same post.
Jansma admitted to Buzzfeed News that she didn't know the depths of the problem until she was fully immersed in the project.
“I thought men would be suspicious of me, that they would understand my motives when I was taking selfies with them. So I was kind of fearful,” she told the outlet.
“But most of the time they have their thumbs up, they're happy because they honestly think that they're complimenting me,” she continued. “They really didn't care about me. They never realized that I was unhappy.”
In other photos you can see men actually cozying up to Jansma and placing their arms around her.
“They're not at all suspicious because they find what they do completely normal,” she told Dutch newspaper Het Parool in a quote translated by the Independent.
Since she started the project, Jansma has gained more than 170,000 followers — many of whom are women.
Jansma wrote in her most recent post that her part of the project is over, but to prove that this is “a global phenomenon,” she would like to pass the reins onto other women around the world who could document their experiences with catcalling as well.
But, she tells Buzzfeed, she wants to find “responsible” women to do it.
“Because what I do is a bit risky,” she said.
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — A red wagon decorated as a shrimp boat with nets extending out from either side carried a waving 2-year-old dressed as a shellfish being pulled by his parents who wore white rubber shrimping boots.
The family was among more than 100 revelers marching through the streets of New Orleans on Jan. 20 in the Krewe of Confetti Kids parade — one of the many kid-centered events held during the Carnival season leading up to Fat Tuesday on Feb. 13. Other children dressed as princesses, mermaids, and firefighters while a brass band serenaded the crowd.
"I love Mardi Gras," said 7-year-old Virginia Strong, who wore a 1950's style polka dot dress with a string of pearl beads around her neck. "It's fun to dress up and have fun with your friends."
The weeks-long celebration leading up to Fat Tuesday is often perceived as an adults-only holiday with drunken roguishness and women flashing their breasts for beads. And to be fair, that's certainly a factor in the French Quarter's famed Bourbon Street festivities. But elsewhere, children and families are as much a part of the revelry as anyone — many say they're the heart and soul of the holiday. Children can be seen lining the parade routes, families spend weeks making costumes together and there's even kid-centered parades.
"This is the best quality family time we get all year, because we spend more weekends together costuming and going to parades together, and it's just wonderful," said Ariana Maria Ybarra, a married mother with two young girls.
Ybarra said her family has been spending recent weeks preparing for Chewbacchus, the Star Wars-themed walking parade in the city's Marigny neighborhood slated for Feb. 3: "We're going as a family of Martians."
The largest of the kid parades is Little Rascals, which has floats, marching bands, dancing groups, Mardi Gras Indians in full feathered headdresses, Cajun Indians on horseback, and kids tossing cups, beads, toys, pralines, moon pies and other snacks.
"There's something for everyone, and the great thing about it is that the kids are just kids," said Maureen Spittler, who co-founded the parade in 1983 with her husband, Jack. Launched 35 years ago with about 50 kids and three floats, the parade now has nearly 20 floats and nearly 300 kids. There's even a Little Rascals ball — the only formal ball children are allowed to attend. The more than 200 kids riding in Sunday's parade danced the night away Thursday at a glitzy ball held in their honor.
On Sunday, even a drizzly rain didn't stop thousands of people from lining the parade route in Metairie to see the Little Rascals parade.
"This parade is great because it's all kids," said Angie Eymard, who arrived at the route hours ahead of the parade with cousins and friends donning Mardi Gras colors of purple, green and gold. "It's all kids throwing stuff, and it's nice to see their smiling faces. And I don't have to worry about people getting too rowdy. It's very family-oriented."
Families and kids are a fixture at all the parades rolling along the oak tree-lined St. Charles Ave. Families camp out early, often setting up specially-designed ladders with a seat on top for kids. The seat gives kids a special vantage point to catch beads or other items given out by people on the floats. The ladders are usually artfully painted and equipped with wheels on them to make it easier for the families to roll home at the end of the day. On the weekends, families usually spend the day camped out on the parade route, often with a picnic, watching parade after parade go by.
The New Orleans suburb of Metairie hosts an annual "Family Gras" celebration with live music. This year's celebration is Feb. 2-3.
Parades like Little Rascals are one-day events but preparations happen year-round.
"It is hard, hectic work all year long, and then you see the kids, and you see those smiles, and you see how beautifully they do with their costumes, and it's all worth it," she said.
Joshua Maurice, the Spittlers' 18-year-old great-grandson, has — like his mother before him — ridden in every Little Rascals parade since birth.
He said he takes pride in helping to carry on his family's legacy of community and Carnival fun.
"I play with all the little kids, make them feel like they're a part of something," he said. "So that ... it's something that they're going to want to come back and do every year."
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- As a new weather front arrives in Taiwan, the Central Weather Bureau (CWB) this morning (March 20) issued a Heavy Rain Advisory for 11 counties and cities in Taiwan.
At 9:05 a.m. this morning, the CWB issued a special Heavy Rain Advisory for 11 counties and cities including Taipei City, New Taipei City, Taoyuan City, Miaoli County, Taichung City, Changhua County, Yunlin County, Keelung City, Hsinchu County, Hsinchu City and Nantou County.
As the weather front brings a convective cloud system, sudden heavy downpours are likely today from Yunlin and areas north, according to the CWB. Southern Taiwan also has the probability of local heavy showers; people are reminded to beware of lighting, strong winds, flash floods and to pay attention to traffic safety.
The Country Living Fair brought the magazine's content to life and gave guests access to a unique shopping experience, which included antiques sellers, food purveyors, artists, furniture makers, crafters and more.
Wilson County Expo Center marketing director Charity Toombs said the event brought thousands of people to the center during the three-day fair.
The fair included local Tennessee vendors, including Bradley's Creamery, a Brentwood artisanal ice cream inspired by old-fashioned Southern favorites; Cousins Maine Lobster, a Murfreesboro food truck that serves up fresh lobster, lobster rolls, soups and sides; JBS Mercantile, a Mt. Juliet modern farmhouse-style home décor business; Love & Fig a Nashville business with playful and fun kitchen accessories; Scarlett Scales Antiques a Franklin antiques shop; Southern Fried Design Barn a Lebanon supplier of paper goods; and more.
Special guests included Rachel Ashwell with Shabby Chic and author of “My Floral Affair: Whimsical Spaces and Beautiful Florals,” Amie Sikes and Jolie Sikes-Smith from “Junk Gypsies,” Elliott Farmer, a Food Network chef and television personality, Maneet Chauhan, a Food Network celebrity chef and owner of Chauhan Ale and Masala House, and more.
Additional fairs are to follow in Rhinebeck, New York on June 1-3, Columbus, Ohio on June 15-17 and Sept. 14-16 and will finish up in Atlanta on Oct. 26-28. Each fair features 200-plus vendors from more than 25 states and draws more than 25,000 visitors from across the country.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. - Terry Kimball, an Uber passenger in St. Petersburg punched by his driver, has died as a result of his injuries, officials said Saturday, Aug. 12.
St. Petersburg police said no charges have been filed yet and the investigation continues.
Police said at 7:30 p.m. Thursday, Uber driver Kabir O' Farril Diaz, 38, picked up 56-year-old passenger Terry L. Kimball.
They had a dispute over the route the driver was taking. Diaz pulled over at a Quick Pick Foods store in St. Petersburg, where they had a physical altercation.
Authorities said the driver punched Kimball, and he did not regain consciousness.
"I saw this guy laying on the ground. This woman was pressing on his chest trying to bring him back," Carlton Reid said. "He wasn't responsive. It was pretty tough, really I was really scared, I didn't know what was going on with him and I was pretty worried."
Reid said he witnessed the aftermath of the fight.
Kimball went to the hospital with serious brain trauma and life-threatening injuries.
Police said a witness told them Kimball appeared to be the aggressor. A friend of Diaz told Tampa-based WFTS reporter Michael Paluska he has a baby on the way and is not a violent person.
According to Pinellas County court records Kimball's been arrested multiple times for crimes that include DUI, simple battery, resisting arrest, and disorderly intoxication.
"That's very sad," Reid said. "It really is I would like to know what happened now, truly."
Investigators are speaking with witnesses and they say Diaz, who has not been charged at this time, is cooperating.
By Carey Reeder
For the Tribune
The Center Point Eagles lost to the Jasper Vikings with a final score of 30-7.
Looking for their first victory of the season, the Eagles came into Friday night's matchup looking for more offensive production. Quarterback Chris Dixon came out struggling against a tough Jasper defense throwing two interceptions within his first five pass attempts.
Dixon would throw another interception late in the first quarter, bringing his total to three in just the first quarter.
Jasper was only able to get a field goal out of the early miscues during the first quarter. After a muffed punt return, Jasper capitalized on the short field to add a 15-yard touchdown run by Ken Holiday and put the Vikings up 10-0 after the first quarter.
The second quarter brought in a different quarterback for the Eagles as Tacoby Trammell entered the game for Dixon. Trammell was unable to get the Eagle offense going as well, punting on all second quarter possessions.
Kaden Shelton had a huge second quarter for Jasper with a 54-yard punt return touchdown and a five yard touchdown run bringing the score to 23-0 at halftime. With five turnovers in the first half, the Eagles looked to value more in the second half.
“We just didn't execute the game plan” head coach Shawn Gregory said following the game. “We just shot ourselves in the foot too many times.”
Center Point came out in the second half doing just that, holding onto the ball for much of the third quarter, but failing to convert on fourth down and held out of the end zone. Jasper added to their lead early in the fourth quarter with a 6-yard touchdown run by Holiday, his second of the night.
With time winding down and younger players on the field, the Eagles were able to finally get on the board on an 83-yard touchdown pass from Trammell to Dixon, bringing the final score to 30-7.
Jasper improved to an even 3-3 on the season. Center Point fell to 0-7 and will host the Pinson Valley Indians on Oct. 13 in Birmingham.
Netflix
Netflix has uploaded their quarter one 2017 earnings review to YouTube, boasting that the streaming service will soon reach 100 million subscribers, but the most fascinating/disturbing news comes from content executive Ted Sarandos who said, “Netflix subscribers have spent half a billion hours watching Adam Sandler movies since The Ridiculous Six launched.”
If you're a Sandler content aficionado, you'll know that The Ridiculous Six premiered on December 11th, 2015. That means in just over 17 months, Adam Sandler has been one of the most streamed humans on the planet. This is why he's getting another four-picture deal with the big red letters:
“Just ahead of the release of our third film from Adam Sandler, Sandy Wexler, we announced the renewal of our deal with Sandler to premiere an additional four films exclusively on Netflix around the world. We continue to be excited by our Sandler relationship and our members continue to be thrilled with his films.”
When we break down these half billion hours spent watching Sandler yell and make googley noises, things get interesting.
If users have spent 500 million hours over 17 months watching Sandler, that works out to 29,411,765 hours of Sandler per month.
Knowing users have spent over 29 million hours per month watching Sandler, that breaks down to just under a million hours per day. A million hours per day!
According to Time, Netflix subscribers streamed on average for 1 hour, 33 minutes per day. If there are 100 million subscribers streaming for at least, 100 minutes per day (time spent streaming is trending up) then Adam Sandler content is responsible for roughly 0.6-1.0% of all Netflix consumption every day.
Every single day.
The average human lifespan is 672, 000 hours. That means over 744 full human lives have been sucked dry by Adam Sandler viewing.
This is me right now:
“I could feel there was magic in this story. Magic is a tricky thing to portray,” stated director Garth Davis about Lion, the touching true account of a five-year-old Indian boy, adopted by an Australian couple after surviving the challenges of being lost on the streets of Calcutta, who twenty-five years later, uses Google Earth to find his home and lost family.
The director was excited about the odyssey that traversed two different worlds – 1997 India and modern day Australia – and thought the journey would be a great experience for audiences. The story element that really hooked him was the feeling of unconditional love that all the characters had for each other; a love that had no borders, which engineered the miracles that happened. Davis did not so much see the movie, but rather he could “feel the movie.” Every decision Davis made came from an emotional place.
The director does a lot by himself very early in the process before anything starts. Because he likes to find his worlds, he often scouts locations before a location scout joins the production. Preferring to work from the inside out without any preconceptions, Davis traveled to rural India where the character came from. He wanted to find a world where he could allow his actors all the freedom that they needed for their performances, while giving as much scope to the camera as possible.
“I spend time walking around. I see the forest. I watch the kids play in the dam,” shared Davis. “The location is very important to me. A location gives you a lot of value for the film. If you find a world that is all there that you respond to, it's very helpful. On a shoot day I can go here, here and here, rather than me thinking, ‘this is what I want' and someone works to find that.”
According to Davis, once that work is done “the movie starts to come alive and feels real.” The director took thousands of photos. He also spent a lot of time with the real people that the characters were based upon.
“One thing I noticed with Saroo [Brierley] and his birth mother was the tactility. She would just touch the face and kiss. There was this beautiful primal connection,” revealed Davis. “And all these street kids, they don't have any luxuries […], they only have each other. All their enjoyment comes from that tactility. They have their arms around each other. That was something I noticed. These are the things I discover in my research, which I bring to the D. O. P.”
Although Lion is the director's first feature, Davis has known director of photography Greig Fraser for twenty years. Doing numerous commercials together, they were used to the chaos of shooting on location, knew the possible pitfalls, as well as how to use the chaos to their advantage. For the film, they discussed how to visually capture elements that Davis discovered in his preparation and started to build a language for the film.
Compared to India, the Australia that Saroo comes to is a clinical, pristine world, but when he has grown up and gone to college, the world is more ramshackle and multicultural – a bit more like India. When he meets Lucy, she is very tactile and playful like his brother, so the behavior of the people that Saroo meets, renews the pull that he feels towards India. Ideas were carefully designed to use the camera and the performances to bring back India.
Once the team started working with the material, Davis noted, “You start to see some rhymes. You start to see some patterns forming. Together with production designer, Chris Kennedy, myself, and the cameraman, we start to see things connect. It's really beautiful when you make those discoveries because they're from the truth.”
Tasked with creating the disparate worlds of the film, Kennedy researched period India. Because the director wanted the world to feel completely authentic and real, the production approach was not to build sets, but rather to work in the real locations. The challenges were to make themselves invisible in those places.
The film is also about choices and fate. Does the character go left or right? The team realized the images, the roads and avenues, even the passageway on the train, felt like choices to be made. All of these rhymes informed the direction of the film.
Color was important in the visual concept of the film. The ochre, the yellowish color of Saroo's hometown, becomes a major clue that the character stumbles upon with Google Earth, which ultimately helps him find home. A lot of detail went into the visualization with the team using a myriad of techniques “to feel the rhymes and the subtext of the story.”
New Zealand acting couch Miranda Harcourt was an invaluable addition to the team, and a mandatory request by the director who called her “an absolute genius.” She was brought on board to support 5-year old Sunny Pawar's performance. They worked together preparing the young actor. Although Davis was quick to note that Harcourt “is clever enough” to get around the language differences in communicating with the boy, they also worked with translator, V. Gupta, who as an actor also knew the language of a director.
Having an inexperienced child in the lead part – with all the pressure, money and the success of the film hanging on his performance – is not for the faint of heart. The director realized that in many ways it was one of those films where everyone was out of their depth. For him, it was both exhilarating and terrifying.
“Between the three of us, there was a fantastic triangle for Sunny to arrive on set and feel very safe,” explained Davis. “A lot of work went into that kid's performance. It's a total gamble and there is only so much you can prepare for. Each situation is different. On night the idea you have to get a performance works, and then another night, it fails dismally and you have to respond in the moment.”
Sydney-based casting director Kirsty McGregor was another of Davis' great collaborative relationships. They overturned every stone to find the right actors for the job. “Sometimes they are people you imagine and it works. Other times they come from left of center,” admitted Davis. “At the end of the day you realize it couldn't have been anyone else.”
When the director met Dev Patel, he had some concerns. The actor had mostly done comedy and the film required a “social realist” performance, but Patel was “hungry” to have a role that would show that side of his talent. Davis saw a huge potential for the actor to do a role he had never done before. Patel worked hard through a tough rehearsal period, learned the accent, put on a lot of weight and got hairier in order to become a “swarthy Australian.”
After choices were made on set, choices had to be made in the cutting room. During production, editor Alexandre de Franceschi assembled the film in Australia. Davis had never worked with him before, but wanted to work with the editor who had cut Jane Campion's episodes for the television series, Top of the Lake, for which Davis had also directed episodes.
Davis viewed the assembly after production wrapped. “What I get from assemblies is just the form of the film,” noted Davis. “You get a feel of the script. You can see the problem areas almost immediately. I find it really helpful. I go back to the assembly almost daily when we are cutting. I use it a lot.”
According to Davis, the editor was “impeccably prepared” and had “beautiful craft.” The edit room was beautifully presented with a glass of water, and a note pad and pen ready for the director to take notes while viewing the edit. They worked daily until 12:30pm and broke for a half hour lunch. After the meal, they came back, worked until 5pm, then broke for the day. The editing was very efficient, with no after hours. In addition to the precise workday, Davis commented on the editor's “incredible heart.” Because there were “no egos in the room,” there was an open process of collaborating and shared ideas without the need for the director to negotiate for his desired cut.
The director knew much of what he was doing was going to be experimental. He shot a lot that was not on the page. He wanted to experiment with Saroo's isolation period both past and present. He needed to make sure he had enough material to capture the emotional rhymes between the two eras. Because they shot India first, the director “had to take a guess on a lot of things.”
“For instance, Guddu at the end when he walks on the tracks was not in the script,” said Davis. “When I was shooting Dev in that railway scene at the end – that was his own closure for Guddu – I was using Abhishek [Bharate] the actor that plays Guddu as an eyeline. It suddenly struck me when he walked onto the tracks that we had to film him. It was one of those amazing moments. It's one of my favorite bits of the film.”
The director's cut took twelve weeks. After that point editing continued for another eight weeks with producer's notes and test screenings.
The director and editor both love sound, which was an important part of the film because of the unique soundscape of India. Sound editor Robert Mackenzie did a lot of storytelling with the design. For example, through the subtlety of sound mixing, when 25-year old Saroo goes into his isolation period, Indian sounds are incorporated within the contemporary landscapes in order to play with the audience's subconscious.
Davis did not have a composer when he started editing. He was sampling the music of several composers that he loved in the offline. One of them, Volker Bertelmann, was performing a live concert down the road from the director's hometown, so Davis decided to attend. The musician sat down at his piano and introduced the next song as “like being on a train with an open window looking at the passing landscape.” As Volker started playing, Davis thought the music was just like film. After the concert, the director introduced himself and asked Volker if he would mind collaborating with another composer, Dustin O'Halloran. As it turned out, Volker had been the best man at O'Halloran's wedding.
That's the magic I'm talking about.” Davis continued, “There is a magic in this film and a serendipity and a spiritualism that is quite on front foot, I would say.”
According to Oak Ridge Police, the suspect in a strong-armed robbery at an Oak Ridge restaurant last week was arrested within six minutes of the incident.
Police were called to the Arby's at 114 South Illinois Avenue shortly after 2:15 pm Thursday on a report of a strong-armed robbery in which the suspect had fled into a nearby neighborhood. Officers saturated the area, according to a city press release, and were able to locate and apprehend the supect, identified as 22-year-old Tyler Gilmore of Oak Ridge, without incident.
Investigators say that Gilmore is accused of “forcibly [taking] a patron's wallet as he was entering the restaurant” before running out the door. No one was injured in the incident.
Gilmore was charged with robbery and taken to the Anderson County Jail, where he remains in custody on bonds totaling $63,000, also being held on outstanding warrants.
Recipe of the Month: Scallops Alfredo
Ingredients:
1 stick of butter
1 cup grated cheese
1 egg yolk
1 pint heavy cream
Salt/ pepper/garlic power to taste
In a sauce pan combine butter, heavy cream, egg yolk and grated cheese. Add a dash of pepper, garlic powder and salt. Simmer until cooked (thickened). Put aside.
Pan fry scallops in olive oil until cooked and browned (2 min on each side). Take off heat.
Boil pasta of choice. Pour alfredo sauce over pasta until pasta is coated.
Coat scallops with alfredo sauce. Serve over pasta.
Thank you again to Christine Santaniello www.facebook.com/yogawithchristine or yogawithchristine.com
The Bramble is an events facility in the heart of Erwin, and from weddings, to anniversaries, and reunions, it can host them all. Recently, they held a community Valentine's dinner and everyone was raving about the food. This morning, we have Chef Natalie Seagroves with us to share one of her favorite recipes.
For more, visit their website.
Transcript for President Trump tweets response to protesters demanding to see his taxes
Them laugh has had a very interesting Easter. His started the holiday with some tweaks reminding people he won the election. And I blame him yeah yeah is claiming that the protesters who want to see is tax returns were paying to march. There were protests and 150 cities and even out in space. So. I'm a bad all of these people have been paying out all of these people that. It. What really got me was you know. He ran on this faith based its campaign. And Easter Sunday resurrection Sunday is the most holy religious day of the Christian faith. And the fact that rather than tweeting about new beginnings and hopeful miss and that the risen lord he's tweeting about. Taxes and protests in North Korea I wonder what. The evangelicals. That supported an 80% and I wonder about the Catholic Spain eight I think it was a 60% of white Catholics have voted form. How they felt the about back as I found it so disrespectful. And I like yeah. Today. Asked during. Because there are a lot of things going on that they kept giving in the past so I'm sure that maybe did not just a pricey used to eating and even Jesus rested on the seventh got on these does not. Conte asked Sunday to understand that people have a right to protest what regardless of what the issue is of people of a problem they want to hand over tax returns whenever the issue is. He needs to just he's the president of the United States he needs to ignore it he needs to respect their right to protest and needs to get to the work of what he's couples and newly released his insurance if the economy. Any. To release his taxes he says you know I won the election move not. Not really want to see them what what I think Donald. If you think I'm blows my mind is that he doesn't think people could actually just be interested on their own and the more you withhold something aboard a curiosity gross. The same think happened. And get him with Hillary counseled I think I wanna see my seat at the morsel says he's not gonna reveal these he shouldn't be surprised the number of people wanting to see these tax returns is growing if even only president that has ever not Sammy. They've been I think since Kana daily adding that it. Who knew if he got this barn he doesn't want to will be spending would make sense for him to just stop talking about it maybe he needs. You know when people talk about tax returns you don't want to release them whenever I think you should be you don't want to release. Talk health insurance talk about a plan and what can't count. Can't. Say it enough you remember he was supply to discover. You know I mean it's home. Our nation.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – A mob of bicyclists took over the streets of Chelsea on Saturday, taunting drivers and causing a crash that injured a police officer.
Police said a group of at least 16 teens were riding the wrong way in the area of 23rd Street and Seventh Avenue.
Dash cam video from an Uber driver shows a bicyclist cut him off, then more bicyclists riding erratically in front of him, CBS2's Erin Logan reported. As the driver keeps going, he notices an NYPD car and pulls over. He said that's when at least one of the bicyclists hit the back of his car.
“Smashing into cars, not cool. But everyone goes the wrong way around here. There's no structure at all,” Rafael Milano, a bicyclist from Brooklyn obeying the rules, told Logan. “Have you been to Harlem? In Harlem, they do it for blocks and blocks.”
Police said one of the bicyclists went up to a driver and broke his rear window. At one point, the startled driver made some type of turn and ended up hitting an NYPD officer standing nearby. The officer suffered minor injuries to his right hand and leg.
Employees at an area restaurant said they don't typically witness bicyclists damaging people's property, but they've seen them around in big groups making their own rules.
“We have always seen that – kids, people riding the bikes the wrong way,” Ibrahim Sanou said. “It's not their fault. Nobody stops them, and they will keep doing it.”
Last September, hundreds of young bike riders shut down parts of the Cross Bronx Expressway, as drivers watched in confusion and honked their horns. The event, known as “rideout,” was an impromptu mass gathering of cyclists posted on social media.
“It's not right, it's not good. It's dangerous for them and other people,” said Sanou.
MONTREAL (AP) — The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) has recommended to the International Olympic Committee that it use 2016 doping sample bottles for the upcoming Winter Olympics after the agency's inquiry into the 2017 version showed the bottles could be re-opened after a sample was produced.
On Tuesday, the IOC said it was "very concerned" about claims the new sample bottles, provided by Swiss manufacturer Berlinger, could be opened, and the Swedish anti-doping agency said it would stop using them.
WADA said in a statement Wednesday it had confirmed that a proportion of the new generation of BEREG-KIT Geneva security bottles were "susceptible to manual opening without evidence of tampering, whether they have been frozen or not." Those security bottles were introduced in September 2017.
After determining that some of the newer bottles could be "manually opened after initial proper locking," WADA said it had sourced enough of the 2016 doping sample bottles, which were first used at the Rio Olympics, to cover the entire testing program for the Pyeongchang Games, which start Feb. 9 in South Korea.
"At this stage, our clear recommendation to the IOC is that it continue to use the earlier model, which is still used by a number of testing authorities around the world. This should be seen as a precautionary measure that guarantees the integrity of the doping control process at the games," WADA director general Olivier Niggli said.
"For the longer term, WADA will continue to gather information and explore solutions with Berlinger and others in order to maintain the integrity of the process. Berlinger has already agreed to restart production of the 2016 model pending other development."
The newer doping bottles were introduced last year to increase security after investigators found Russians were able to surreptitiously open bottles at the Sochi Olympics and exchange dirty urine samples with clean ones previously provided by the same athlete.
The IOC said in a statement it was "very concerned about this issue" and asked WADA to ensure the integrity of testing in Pyeongchang.
"From the moment we learned about it, we immediately turned to WADA and asked them to ensure that the anti-doping tests in Pyeongchang can be conducted in a credible and reliable way," the IOC said Tuesday. "WADA informed us that they were in contact with the bottle manufacturer Berlinger. We have full confidence in WADA that they will find a solution for this issue."
Peter Strom, the acting manager of the Swedish Sports Confederation's anti-doping department, said his organization has stopped using the new bottles.
"Unfortunately, our own tests showed that it is possible to open the container for urine samples after they have been frozen without leaving any visible traces of manipulation," Strom told Swedish broadcaster SVT. "Because of that we will stop all use of these bottles in our tests until further notice."
Russian athletes announce their decision about 2018 Winter Olympic Games
Russian athletes stand against "any boycott in sport." At the same time, they believe that depriving them of the right to perform at the Olympic Games and represent their country at the Olympics is "unacceptable," the statement published on the website of the Russian Olympic Committee reads.
Source: Wikimedia.org
The statement was signed not only by specialists in winter sports: two-time Olympic champion in track and field athletics Yelena Isinbayeva, Russian fencer and chairwoman of the committee for athletes at the Russian Olympic Comittee, Sofia Velikaya, three-time Olympic champion in synchronized swimming Olga Brusnikina, Olympic champion in athletics Yuri Borzakovsky and others supported the initiative.
"Today we express our readiness to take part in the 2018 Olympics in Pyeongchang, despite the fact that, we have been put in unequal conditions with our colleagues from other countries," the text says. The athletes said that they want to perform their fatherland, their relatives, fans and "for the nation that has been and remains one of the greatest nations in the world for many centuries."
"We play clean. We play by the rules. We strive to win in a fair struggle. For the sake of this, we are ready to go to the Olympic Games and prove that Russian athletes are strong in their talent, skills, will and spirit, rather than in what we are trying to accuse us," the address says.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on December 6 that the Russian administration "will not declare any blockade" nor will it discourage Russian athletes who want to go to the Olympics in South Korea. He urged athletes to decide for themselves whether they want to compete or not.
Pravda.Ru
MANAGUA, Nicaragua (CBSNewYork/AP) — Tropical Storm Nate roared toward Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula after drenching Central America in rain that was blamed for at least 22 deaths, and forecasters said it could reach the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend.
Louisiana officials declared a state of emergency and ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall early Sunday, and evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center said Nate could cause dangerous flooding by dumping as much as 15 to 20 inches of rain as it moved over Honduras, with higher accumulations in a few places.
Tropical storm conditions could begin Saturday is in S Louisiana but are most likely to begin Saturday night. https://t.co/tW4KeGdBFb #Nate pic.twitter.com/p1HclyXAeC — NHC Atlantic Ops (@NHC_Atlantic) October 6, 2017
It had maximum sustained winds of 45 mph by Friday morning and was likely to strengthen over the northwestern Caribbean Sea on Friday before a possible strike on the Cancun region at the tip of Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula at near-hurricane strength.
It could hit the U.S. Gulf coast near New Orleans. In Louisiana, Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency and mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops, with 15 headed to New Orleans to monitor the fragile pumping system there.
With forecasts projecting landfall in southeast Louisiana as a Category 1 hurricane, Edwards urged residents to ready for rainfall, storm surge and severe winds — and to be where they intend to hunker down by “dark on Saturday.”
Louisiana's governor says Nate is forecast to move quickly, rather than stall and drop tremendous amounts of rain on the state. State officials hope that means New Orleans won't run into problems with its pumps being able to handle the water.
Edwards warned, however, against underestimating the storm.
Meanwhile, New Orleans mayor Mitch Landrieu says the area is bracing for between three and six inches of rain.
“I want to stress there's no need to panic. We just need to be ready for heavy wind and heavy rain,” he said.
Officials ordered the evacuation of part of coastal St. Bernard Parish east of New Orleans ahead of the storm. Earlier Thursday, a voluntary evacuation was called in the barrier island town of Grand Isle south of New Orleans.
New Orleans officials outlined steps to bolster the city's pump and drainage system. Weaknesses in that system were revealed during summer flash floods.
The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement's New Orleans office said in a news release that as of midday Thursday, six production platforms, out of the 737 manned platforms in the Gulf, had been evacuated. No drilling rigs were evacuated, but one moveable rig was taken out of the storm's path.
The agency estimated less than 15 percent of the current oil production in the Gulf of Mexico has been shut-in, which equates to 254,607 barrels of oil per day.
In Nicaragua, Nate's arrival followed two weeks of near-constant rain that had left the ground saturated and rivers swollen. Authorities placed the whole country on alert and warned of flooding and landslides.
Nicaragua's vice president and spokeswoman, Rosario Murillo, said that at least 15 people had died in that country due to the storm. She didn't give details on all the deaths, but said two women and a man who worked for the Health Ministry were swept away by a flooded canal in the central municipality of Juigalpa.
Costa Rica's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing. Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters.
The forecast track showed that Nate could brush across the tip of Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula as a tropical storm late Friday night.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
