So you're in for a rude surprise if you ever tried to watch a movie on your OnePlus 5T via the Netflix app… and wanted it in any HD resolution – because you'd still get it in standard definition. As it happens, the OnePlus 5T will not be able to stream from Netflix, Amazon Prime, Google Play Movies, and other video services in high-definition because of DRM limitations.
With the OnePlus 5T, you get one of the most gorgeous-looking AMOLED screens in a flagship device today – and it is capable of showing content in 1080p. But because the OnePlus 5T's Widevine DRM security certification is only at Level 3, it can only stream video content in SD resolutions. A device must meet Widevine Level 1 DRM certification to be able to stream in Full HD, 4K resolution or higher.
According to The Verge, a OnePlus spokesperson said that Widevine Level 1 will be coming to the OnePlus 5T soon via a software update, but did not make clear why this was not included in the first place. People in the OnePlus forums are saying that it should have been there in the first place, given that this was a USD$500 flagship phone.
OnePlus has no timeline yet on when the said update is coming. Make no mistake, the phone's hardware is more than capable of streaming and playing back high resolution video, which is why it seems confusing for the OnePlus 5T to not have this certification out of the box.
SOURCE: OnePlus forums
When Field Report's Chris Porterfield started writing the follow-up to 2015's Marigolden, he was about to become a father for the first time. His forthcoming album Summertime Songs reflect all the anxiety, self-doubt, and hope that follow from such a massive life change, but it also speaks to the context in which he was writing: the 2016 election.
The band's sound adjusted for this new material. In the past, Field Report staked its name on the singer-songwriter's M.O.: poetically charged lyricism confessed against an earnest guitar. On Summertime Songs, the bands casts its net wide, drawing in synths, up-tempo rhythms, and chromatic crescendos to electrify Porterfield's lyricism with a resounding crackle. The opening song “Blind Spot” magnetically captures the moment a person can change another's life. Porterfield describes himself in terms of space—“This heart is a cold cave, my mind is a parking lot”—but in recounting those absent places, he failed to account for the presence lingering in one. “You were in my blind spot,” he sings on the hook, the band's backing vocals adding a touch of shoegaze.
Out this week, Summertime Songs is a remarkable step forward for Field Report, electrifying their music with a fresh undercurrent of emotion. Worry and talk—and talk about worry—have a special place within the singer-songwriter tradition, but so does physicality, movement, and life. “I love you in the low light baby, but let's dance,” Porterfield sings.
Summertime Songs is a departure in several ways from the past two albums. As poetically steeped as your lyricism remains, you're now painting much more personal and clear vignettes. What elicited the desire to be more up front?
The opening conversation in “Summertime Songs” is somebody asking me, “Why don't you try summertime songs?' and all of the things that that implies, which would be maybe more simplicity, maybe a little more upbeat, maybe a little less verbose. So there's that, and then also me doubting my ability to be a good parent and maintain sobriety, and be as good as required for that kind of thing. It's a bit Springsteen, it's a big Arcade Fire, it's a bit LCD Soundsystem, it goes into some soaring U2 stuff at the end, all tongue in cheek at first, but then it tied into this thing that felt right.
Speaking of influences, you've incorporated more synths and electronics in this new album as opposed to your previous two. What prompted that shift for you?
We just had more time in the studio. We recorded this on our own in Milwaukee at a studio called Wire & Vice. Daniel Holter was the producer and engineer, and he owns the studio. He and I work really well together. I would show up every morning and we would work every day. A lot of songs were written during the recording process. It wasn't so much me showing up with a folk song and needing to dress it up; these things were happening at the fundamental level. It was a little more collaborative, too. [Guitarist and keyboardist] Tom Wincek, and [bassist] Barry Clark, we three have our own sort of penchant for those kinds of sounds, and we were aiming at whatever would get us to vibrate, hoping that would vibrate the listener too. A lot of the synth stuff plays the role of a finger-picked guitar.
As far as listening, I'm obsessed with this band the Blue Nile. They actually got signed to their first record contract by the people who owned Linn, which went on to obviously become a very influential sound. Their first record was made to showcase the capabilities of that. It's become a thing we all know and recognize as much as a guitar. We were drawing on sounds from all of these records that we've loved from all kinds of different eras, and it sort of all got synthesized.
And beautifully so. Your lyricism has always been such an attractive quality of Field Report's music, and the instrumentation is playing into that in some interesting ways.
I appreciate that. We really wanted to build these things sonically to highlight and underscore and do some creative lighting with the stories being told.
I can see that, especially with how you depict space on “Blind Spot.” But speaking of another theme, there's also a sense of temporality running throughout the album. I'm thinking especially of “If I Knew.” Is progress a linear experience for you, or is it messier?
Oh ho, that's a beautiful question. Yeah, I think it's very much messy. Progress doesn't always mean forward, it just means different; I think that is what this record is all about. It's looking back in that you're reckoning with where you were, and that's a different place than where you are. It looks forward and backward and up and down. It's not linear. It's multi-dimensional.
How do you cultivate a sense of patience when it comes to knowing you should be better but you're not there yet?
I think there's a restlessness required to recognize that you're not where you want to be, or where you should be, or where you're aiming toward. One way to continue to move is to take stock of where you were, and allow yourself to be pushed off your spot a little bit and recalibrate. We're all hooked up to these different suspension wires, and there are different points of triangulation. You've got to continue to test the limits of one to find out what another one you're hooked up to can handle also. It's this constant negotiation with any given situation. Sometimes you've got to cut the wires and just jump, and sometimes you've got to test them so they're pinging some high hum, but they're stretched, but they've still got you locked in.
You wrote this album before your daughter was born, but in the wake of that major life event, how has your sense of worth changed?
Man, I'm constantly being burnished against my daughter. One of my big concerns before she showed up was, “Will I be able to subvert my deeply rooted selfishness in order to make a good life for her?” I still struggle with that, and there are some days where I forget that this is the reality now. But she's incredible. Everybody talks about, “Oh, it changes you, it's amazing, it's beautiful,” and it is all of those things, but fundamentally it pushes you off your spot and you have to sort of try to figure out how to balance and how to not fall off. You've got to be around, but you've got to try to keep yourself, too. It's another thing you gotta negotiate. But she's beautiful, she's incredible, she's funny, she's smart, she knows how to sweep the fill on the synthesizer, she knows how to play guitar. She dances, she knows my music.
What does music-making look like now with her in the house?
We've got instruments all over the house and we'll sing songs together and play them, and she knows Field Report songs, but also that's such a different environment to try and be creative in, so I'm actually speaking with you from the studio right now. I have an office space set up here where I'm able to come and make music, so I'm sitting in my space away from the house. I've got a babysitter a few days a week, so I get to go put on my different hat, or pull my brain out of the jar and put it in a few hours a week.
That's fantastic, so many creative individuals work from these domestic spaces, and you do have to cultivate that ‘outside' in some way.
For a while, I tried to set up an office at the house. There was a period where I had a standing desk and I had a little studio system, and I tried to have her strapped on with one of those baby bjorns, and it was impossible. Being a parent requires too much, there's not enough to give to the creative side. I wasn't able to strike that balance.
You're a staple of Milwaukee's music scene, which itself has undergone significant transformations in recent months let alone years. Where do you think it sits within the larger regional scope? How have you seen it change?
There's a fresh energy happening in Milwaukee right now. I think a lot of the old guard are finally clearing out some space for the young people—I'm kind of neither so I get to exist however I want to. There are a lot of young kids coming up doing amazing things, and they're super hungry. For a long time, there was a feeling that dogged Milwaukee, like, “Oh, we're not Chicago, and we're not Minneapolis,” and so there was an uncertainty about how to be a professional working musician in Milwaukee, but a lot of that is changing because of radio stations really stepping it up. 88.9 Radio Milwaukee has done a great job cultivating energy around the people doing the work here. I think there's a new scene coelescing, and that's the thing with scenes, they cycle. I'm really excited about who of this younger crop is going to spill over outside of the city.
NEW YORK: A senior North Korean official arrived in New York on Wednesday (May 30) for talks on salvaging a summit meeting between US President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un.
Kim Yong Chol, a close aide of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and vice chairman of the ruling Workers' Party's Central Committee, arrived at New York's John F. Kennedy airport on a flight from Beijing. He was later seen entering a hotel in midtown Manhattan.
Advertisement
Kim Yong Chol is due to meet with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Wednesday and Thursday to discuss whether to go ahead with an unprecedented meeting between US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim.
The summit, originally planned for Jun 12 in Singapore, has been cast in doubt as the two countries - which have technically been at war since the 1950s - test each other's diplomatic mettle.
Trump last week called off the summit after North Korea expressed anger at comments by senior US officials. But Trump later said he was reconsidering his position and US, North Korean and South Korean officials have gone ahead with summit preparations anyway.
The White House said on Wednesday that negotiations at the demilitarised zone along the border between North and South Korea for the summit were going well and that it expects the historic meeting to take place on Jun 12.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Separately on Wednesday at Pearl Harbour in Hawaii, Admiral Harry Harris, the outgoing head of US Pacific Command who is Trump's pick to be the ambassador to South Korea, said North Korea remained the United States' most imminent threat. "And a nuclear-capable North Korea with missiles that can reach the United States is unacceptable," Harris said.
A US official said negotiations about the summit's agenda have so far been slow going, and the two fundamental issues, the definition of North Korean denuclearisation and whether both sides would take actions at the same time or separately, remained unsettled.
'DENUCLEARISATION'
Trump has sworn not to allow North Korea to develop nuclear missiles that could hit the United States and wants North Korea to "denuclearise," or get rid of its nuclear arms.
But the leadership in Pyongyang is believed to regard nuclear weapons as crucial to its survival and has rejected unilaterally disarming.
The US official said the US position remained that North Korea must agree to complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearisation before it can receive any financial assistance, such as relaxation of some economic sanctions, new food or other aid, or new investment, and that the degree of assistance would depend on the pace and extent of Pyongyang's actions.
North Korea's position going into the meetings with Pompeo in New York, meanwhile, was that a pledge of denuclearisation alone should open the way to economic relief, said the official, who is familiar with the talks and spoke on condition of anonymity.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency quoted Seoul's Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon as saying in a speech on Wednesday that the differences between North Korea and the United States on the denuclearisation issue remained “quite significant” and it would not be easy to narrow the gap.
However, Cho added that the engagement of the leaders of the two countries meant “chances are high that common ground can be found."
Kim Yong Chol is the most senior North Korean official to meet top officials for talks in the United States since Jo Myong Rok, a vice marshal, met then-President Bill Clinton at the White House in 2000.
A former military spy chief, he has played a central role in the thaw in relations over the past six months between North Korea and South Korea, as well as the United States.
During his tenure as a senior intelligence official, Kim was accused by South Korea of masterminding deadly attacks on a South Korean navy ship and an island in 2010. He was linked by US intelligence to a cyberattack on Sony Pictures in 2014.
North Korea denied any involvement in the attack on the ship and on Sony Pictures.
North Korea defends its nuclear and missile programmes as a deterrent against what it sees as US ambitions to overthrow its leadership and unite the Korean Peninsula. The United States stations 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-1953 Korean War.
The eternal battle between Barcelona and Real Madrid icons Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo is “good for football”, says Brazil legend Ronaldinho.
For more than a decade now, two leading lights have lit up the sporting galaxy.
Messi and Ronaldo have shared 10 Ballons d'Or between them, remarkable goal-scoring exploits, an enviable haul of major trophies and countless records.
Debate as to which of the two can be considered the greatest continues to rage and Ronaldinho considers their personal duel to be beneficial to both two superstar players and their sport.
A two-time World Player of the Year told Metro US: “It is a healthy fight, which is good for football, because they are two players who are always there to define who will win the Golden Ball, to see who will be the best in the world.
“So, it's a fight that is good for football and all those who love this sport.”
Barcelona icon Ronaldinho was able to lift one title during his illustrious playing career which even Messi and Ronaldo have been unable to get their hands on – the World Cup.
A star turn at the 2002 tournament is, however, expecting Argentina to be among the challengers in Russia this summer.
He added on Messi's quest to add global glory to a glittering CV: “He is in one of the best national teams in the world, if you look at them individually they are all great players.
“Team wise things have not done so well, but if you look at the individual quality of each player, it is one of the best teams in the world. But you have to respect them and Messi is going to be the best again.”
If Argentina is to conquer the world, they may have to go through arch-rivals Brazil.
The Selecao are currently sweating on the fitness of the nation's talisman, Neymar, but Ronaldinho believes the Paris Saint-Germain forward will be ready to lead his country when the time comes.
He said on an unfortunate metatarsal injury which has forced the 26-year-old to undergo an operation: “Injuries are never welcome, but I think that in this case it will be good because it will give him time to prepare well to reach the World Cup in great condition.
“The life of a player is to live match to match, day by day and I think nobody is thinking yet about the World Cup, they are watching the Champions League, the end of the leagues that are to come, and I think players should think like this.”
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Battlefords RCMP say they charged two alleged drunk drivers in separate arrests on the same night.
At around 6:05 p.m. CT on Aug. 11, police were called about a suspicious vehicle parked in the 100-block of 28th Street in Battleford, Sask.
When officers found the truck, it was being driven through the town.
The driver, who is from North Battleford, stopped the truck at a business and was approached by police. RCMP said further investigation revealed the driver was intoxicated and the person was arrested.
READ MORE: Impaired man tries to steal truck from Saskatoon gas station
At around 10:55 p.m., police said an erratic driver was found travelling eastbound on Highway 40 near Battleford. Investigation revealed that the driver was also intoxicated and he was subsequently arrested.
After breathalyzer tests, both drivers were charged with impaired operation of a motor vehicle and impaired operation of a motor vehicle with a blood alcohol concentration (BAC) over 80 milligrams per 100 millilitres of blood.
Battlefords RCMP received 198 calls for service from 6 a.m. on Aug. 11 to 6 a.m. on Aug. 14.
Filmmaker Rajkumar Hirani who is gearing up for the release of his forthcoming film ‘Sanju' revealed the actual reason behind superstar Aamir Khan not playing the character of Sunil Dutt in the film.
Rajkumar Hirani was interacting with media at the trailer launch of ‘Sanju' along with Ranbir Kapoor, Paresh Rawal, Manisha Koirala, Rajkumar Hirani, Vidhu Vinod Chopra, Sonam Kapoor, Dia Mirza and Vicky Kaushal on Wednesday in Mumbai.
Aamir Khan recently revealed that he was offered the role of Sunil Dutt in the biopic, but he was more keen to play the lead role, which was already with Ranbir Kapoor.
Hirani was asked what his reaction was when Aamir Khan said no, the filmmaker said: “Aamir is a friend. Whenever I write a script, I just go to him and narrate it to get a reaction from him. So I narrated this script also.
“Not with the intention of asking him to play any role. He reacted interestingly to the script and liked it. Then just out of greed, I asked Aamir if he would play Dutt saab's role? He took it seriously and gave it a thought. He said let's meet after a while.
“So I met him the next week again, then he showed me Dangal and said” ‘look I'm already playing an older man's role. And if after Dangal, my next film has me play an older man again, then people will stop giving me a young man's role!' That was a valid argument. Finally, we had Pareshji (Rawal) playing Dutt saab.”
Generally, Rajkumar Hirani's films are funny in its nature but Sanjay Dutt led very serious life so when asked, whether ‘Sanju' will have element of humour in it, he said:
“Each film's DNA is different. In films, there are elements of drama, emotion and laughter. Abhijat (Joshi) and I, we always try to have LCD (Laugh, Cry and Drama) in our films but percentage of those elements can be less or more so, in this film, we have tried to present more drama and emotion.
“It is not that we haven't added element of laughter in it. There is definitely fun in the film but that percentage can be more and less.
“I will never say my films like ‘PK' and ‘Lage Raho Munnbhai' were a comedy film because that film had strong message to tell. In that film, also there was humour but there was a lot of drama and other emotions as well so, in this film there is a lot of emotion but audience will not get feeling that it is less in humour”.
The movie also features Anushka Sharma, and Hirani revealed that she is actually enacting him and co-writer Abhijat Joshi.
“Anushka is playing the role of me and Abhijat. She is playing a biographer from London who comes here and Sanju wants her to write a book on him but she's reluctant. When he was narrating his story to us, even we were wondering if we should do it or not.
“Sometimes we used to sit with policemen, lawyers, family. We were in two minds whether to do it or not. So she is actually playing us, but not a filmmaker, a biographer,” Hirani said.
Throwing light on Sonam Kapoor and Dia Mirza's character, Hirani said” “Sonam (Kapoor) is playing one of the girlfriends of Sanjay Dutt's 308 girlfriends and Dia (Mirza) is playing role of Manyata who is Sanjay Dutt's wife in the film”
‘Sanju' is biographical film based on the life of actor Sanjay Dutt, directed and written by Rajkumar Hirani and produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra. The film is set to be released on June 29.
DISRESPECT: Jack Prosser held an Indian-themed birthday party with “colonial chic” dress code
Jack Prosser held a lavish Night At The Maharajah's Palace bash in swanky Belgravia, central London.
But Bristol University's black and minority ethnic committee said it was “saddened and disappointed” by the controversial bash.
Their statement added: “Putting on this event is seen as a blatant disrespect.”
Two weeks two go before Christmas and we're learning more great deals. Even if you don't celebrate it, we're certain you're excited about the holiday sales and promos you can avail. December is usually shopping season for most people. Some are treating it as a sport and what better place to spend all your hard-earned money than Amazon. If you're Prime member, you'd be happy to know the Nokia 6 is now discounted. Current price is $149.99 after a $30 discount.
This deal isn't really a surprise because the Amazon Prime Exlusive is already a go-to option for those who want to save money and get good phone deals. It's not totally scrimping and going cheap because the devices are always with good quality.
Amazon Prime deals are really good. The only issue is the presence of lockscreen ads. Its bootloader can't be unlocked so you will have to put up with it and all those lockscreen ads. You may be annoyed but that's what you get for the low price.
The Nokia 6 is just one of the many Prime Exclusive phones. You can avail of the discounted phone only until the 24th of December. The $30 discount is already significant but the new price is actually $80 less than thr non-Prime variant of the Nokia 6. To review the specs, the phone comes equipped with a 5.5-inch 1080p screen, 3GB RAM, 32GB onboard storage, Snapdragon 430 processor, and Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box. Android 8.0 Oreo will be available for the Nokia 6 in the coming weeks.
Aside from the Nokia 6, Amazon Prime Exclusive also has the premium LG G6+ for its December line up. Starting December 17 to 23, you can avail of the smartphone for only $449.99. That's a $50 discount for the 128GB model. It's also a great deal but there's also the lockscreen advertisement to annoy you. We guess those are nothing compared to the immediate savings. We won't mind those stuff as long as those phones are made affordable.
VIA: Android Police
SOURCE: Amazon (1),(2)
REUTERS: Championship side Birmingham City appointed former Tottenham Hotspur boss Harry Redknapp as manager until the end of the season, as a replacement for Gianfranco Zola.
Redknapp, who at 70 becomes the oldest manager in English football, guided Tottenham to Champions League qualification in the 2009-10 season.
His last foray into management was a two-match spell in charge of the Jordan national team in March last year.
"I got fed up sitting around doing nothing. I will come and live up here until the end of the season," Redknapp told TalkSPORT on Tuesday.
"If I can keep them up then we can sit down and talk about going forward."
Former Italy international Zola resigned after a 2-0 home defeat to Burton Albion that left Birmingham three points off the relegation zone.
They are in 20th position and play Aston Villa on Sunday.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
Liberty Times (LT): Where do you place the role of the National Taichung Theater? What have you accomplished during your four-year term?
Victoria Wang (王文儀): In terms of positioning, it is an artistic theater. As a national-level venue, it must fulfill everyone's imagination and expectations.
For example, some people believe that the theater should add more chairs or say that the lighting of the outdoor plaza is too dim at night.
However, the theater contains the philosophy of Toyo Ito's design. It is a very important work of architecture, and we do not want to alter it on our own simply because of people's habits or imagination.
Art is a grand project. As the first executive director, my job is to prioritize these requests and accomplish them. Apart from putting on good shows, I need to ensure the philosophy of and insist on artistic works, and continuously communicate in a friendly manner with government organizations, local representatives and the people who care about the theater.
Under the precondition of being an artistic theater, we cooperated with the Taichung Cultural Affairs Bureau on the Taichung Arts Festival, and partnered with the Taichung Education Bureau to invite children who received awards at a national artistic talent competition to perform at the theater.
For a series of musicals this summer, we have also worked with the city's Tourism and Travel Bureau to promote tourism in the city during the shows.
LT: In the beginning, the theater was like a cultural space that came from the sky. After becoming what it is now, what are some other problems the theater continues to face?
Wang: There is a rich classical music scene in Taichung. This is something that other cities cannot compete with.
However, Taichung has no art schools. The younger generation has little foundation and all of the professionals come from Taipei. The support for the supply chain also comes from other cities, counties or even nations.
The local community is unfamiliar with the theater. The audience wants us to stage more classical music concerts, but this is a theater, not a concert hall.
The next challenge the theater faces is not allowed a plateau period. There was a lot of fuss during its opening — the theater received the attention of the entire nation. It would be tragic if a cultural space received no attention and became a “mosquito hall.”
The biggest challenge is continuing to innovate and attract attention, and to do interesting things that no one has ever thought of.
LT: The theater has created many spectacles that Taiwan had seen for the first time, including the building's architecture and last year's outdoor performance by La Fura dels Baus. What was your personal favorite?
Wang: I admire French director Joel Pommerat the most. Both Pinocchio and Cendrillon [Cinderella] from his fairytale trilogy have been performed in Taichung. Next year, Little Red Riding Hood will also come to Taichung.
Pommerat is very charismatic and refuses to accept government subsidies. The aesthetics and quality of his works redefine the theater's concepts of tempo, the approach to the characters or the mise en scene. He has created his own language, reinterpreted the message behind fairytales and gave them new meaning.
I see the theater as a place to renew art — to find the best works around the world and use the space to produce them. Honestly, no matter where you put our team, we would do the same thing. Even if you place us at a cultural center, we would still reinvigorate it.
HOLLYOAKS fan have begged producers for a happy ending between Kyle Kelly and James Nightingale.
E4 IN PAIN: Kyle's MS appears to be getting worse
During tonight's episode fans watched as the unlikely duo declared their love for each other. James' shock admission came after he found Kyle, played by Adam Rickett, collapsed on the floor of his apartment. Over the past week Kyle's MS has been getting worse with him temporarily losing feeling in his legs earlier this month. Due to his condition, the villager was seen accidentally wetting himself as he lay helpless on the ground. Opening up about how hard it was to film the episode, actor Adam tweeted: "If you can...be sure to watch Hollyoaks tonight on E4.
The most groundbreaking Soap storylines ever The most groundbreaking Soap storylines ever, from assisted-suicides and teen pregnancy to THAT lesbian kiss in Brookside 1 / 43 ITV Aidan Connor's dramatic suicide exit scenes cause backlash from Coronation Street fans
E4 SHOCKED: James declared his love for Kyle Kelly
“” "If it comes across 1/2 as well as it felt to shoot...just cry." Fans certainly loved the show – with many gushing over the emotional storyline unfolding between Kyle and James. Taking to Twitter, one fan wrote: "Ah man I feel so bad for Kyle he's really not a bad guy." “Nah, I proper feel sorry for Kyle," a second continued. A third continued: "Hollyoaks... I'm gonna say it straight up in ship James and Kyle."
E4 NEW COUPLE: Fans want a happy ending for Kyle and James
Most explosive soap bustups Soaps are famous for their character rivalry, see the best explosive bustups here. 1 / 31 BBC EastEnder's Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) is jumped by a mystery cast member
"Omg how cute is James when he cares about Kyle," a fourth added. However, things could turn sour for the boys as Sami Maalik is still hell bent on framing James for Kyle's murder. The duo had initially cooked up the plan together with Sami offering Kyle a large some cash in return for him vanishing for good. Though after falling for James, Kyle pulled out of the deal much to Sami's annoyance. But the episode wasn't all about the lads.
Naughtiest soap scenes From Eastenders to Coronation Street remember the naughtiest scenes in soapland. 1 / 49
Dr. Misbah Maalik was seen struggling to control her son Imran as his behaviour worsened once more. After discovering he hadn't made the football team the concerned mum bribed his trainer to allow him to play – though her plan backfired after the rest of the footballers overheard the deal being made. Storming home, Imran sought solace in his video games but Misbah was having none of it.
E4 CONCERN: Misbah is unable to control her son Imran
- Advertisement -
Super Eagles coach Gernot Rohr has said they are now awaiting approval from world football governing body FIFA on their choice of a base camp in Southern Russia.
“We have found a good base camp in a quiet place, but we have to wait for official approval from FIFA on December 15 (Thursday),” Rohr specially disclosed in an interview.
- Advertisement -
Nigeria's choice of a base camp is between Sochi and Volgograd and it is in the countryside.
It is in a region of mineral and spa baths which will afford the team to recover quickly from injuries.
The base camp will be home of the Eagles at Russia 2018 and the team shuttle to match venues from this camp.
Kenya's three leading TV stations were off the air for a fourth day on Friday as police prevented the delivery of a court order to restore their transmissions after they tried to broadcast opposition leader Raila Odinga swearing himself in as “the people's president.”
The government has called the ceremony an act of treason.
Rights activist Okiya Omtata said he was forced to paste the High Court order, issued a day earlier, on the wall of Kenya's communications authority as police told journalists to stay away from its gate. Police were not immediately available to comment.
Also on Friday, police arrested a second lawyer who had stood beside Odinga during Tuesday's ceremony, attended by tens of thousands of supporters, that was meant to protest what the opposition considers rigged elections last year.
Police and protesters clashed in the Nairobi slum of Kibera after Miguna Miguna was taken from his home.
As journalists and rights groups raised an outcry over the government shutdown of TV stations, the United States urged Kenya's authorities to respect the court order and allow broadcasts to resume.
The State Department statement, however, also said the US was “gravely concerned” by Tuesday's ceremony and rejected actions that undermine the rule of law in Kenya. The European Union also urged respect for President Uhuru Kenyatta's re-election last year.
Odinga claims the election was rigged and that electoral reforms in the East African nation have not been made. The Supreme Court nullified the August election over irregularities – the first time a court had overturned a presidential election in Africa – and ordered a fresh vote in October that the opposition leader boycotted.
The government responded to Odinga's “swearing-in” by declaring the opposition movement a criminal organisation and investigating “conspirators” in Tuesday's ceremony.
An opposition lawmaker who stood beside Odinga and wore judicial dress was arrested on Wednesday and charged with unlawful assembly and giving consent to Odinga administering an illegal oath. TJ Kajwang was released on bail.
Kenya's interior minister, Fred Matiangi, on Wednesday said the three TV stations and some radio stations would remain shut down while being investigated for their alleged role in what he called an attempt to “subvert and overthrow” Kenyatta's government.
Matiangi claimed that the media's complicity in the mock inauguration would have led to the deaths of thousands of Kenyans.
But on Thursday, a High Court judge directed the government to restore the transmission for the Kenya Television Network, Citizen Television and Nation Television News and not to interfere with the stations until a case challenging their shutdown is heard.
The stations remained off the air Friday.
Posted by Josh Alper on April 17, 2017, 3:59 PM EDT
Raiders quarterback Derek Carr's health wasn't the only topic up for discussion when he met with the media at the start of the Raiders' offseason program on Monday, but it was a big one.
Carr broke his leg in the next-to-last week of the regular season, which cost him a chance to make his first playoff appearance and left him to start the offseason in rehab mode. On Monday, Carr said that he no longer feels like he's in that mode and that he's prepared to work alongside the rest of the team as they make their way toward the start of next season.
“I feel great,” Carr said, via Michael Gehlken of the Las Vegas Review-Journal. “I'm ready to rock. I did everything my teammates did today. I'll do everything my teammates do tomorrow.”
Carr's contract status was also part of the discussion on Monday as the team has shown interest in finding common ground on an extension with Carr entering the final year of his rookie deal. The quarterback said he hopes to have something done by training camp and shares the team's expectation that talk will pick back up after the draft.
Sympathy for Heap After Daughter's Death
PHOENIX (AP) — Condolences poured in for retired NFL player Todd Heap and his family on Saturday, a day after police say the former Pro Bowl tight end accidentally ran over his 3-year-old daughter with a truck, killing her.
Heap was moving the truck at his home in Mesa, a Phoenix suburb, on Friday when he struck the girl, police said. She was pronounced dead at a hospital.
The Baltimore Ravens, Heap's longtime former team, called the accident “knee-buckling news and an overwhelming tragedy.”
Jay Feely, who played with Heap on the Arizona Cardinals, wrote on Twitter : “My heart is broken for Todd Heap and his family. One of the kindest persons I've ever met and a man who lives for his family.”
Heap spent 10 seasons with the Ravens, who selected him in the first round out of Arizona State in 2001. He spent two seasons with the Cardinals before retiring with 42 career touchdowns. He made the Pro Bowl after the 2002 and '03 seasons and was a second-team All-Pro in 2003.
Heap was inducted into the Raven's Ring of Honor in 2014.
“We cannot imagine the heartbreak and sorrow Todd and Ashley's family feels right now,” the Ravens said in a statement. “We believe their deep faith and tremendous support from friends and family will help them through this unimaginable time.”
Heap is from a Mormon family that stretches its lineage to the early days of the faith. Since 2007, he and his wife have operated a foundation to help sick and disadvantaged children.
He talked about family being the most important thing in his life in a 2015 interview with Kevin Byrne , the Ravens' senior vice president for public and community relations.
“I just got done jumping on the trampoline with my 2-year-old daughter,” Heap told Byrne, “and it's hard to get a bigger smile than that. I took all three of my boys golfing this morning. That was a lot of fun. (My wife) Ashley makes me smile every day. Family and all of the events we do, that regularly makes me smile.”
In a statement, the Cardinals called the death “a grief that is beyond words and one which no family should experience. Hopefully the prayers, love and support of their incredible group of friends and family provide him the comfort that along with their strong faith will lead them through this unspeakably difficult time.”
Heap, 37, grew up in Mesa, led his high school football team to two state championships and was a standout at Arizona State before leaving early for the NFL.
“The Heaps have contributed so much to the Arizona State Sun Devils, Baltimore Ravens, and Arizona Cardinals communities, and we hope their family, friends and our respective communities can provide them with love and support as they work through this unspeakable heartbreak,” Arizona State said in a statement.
The Ravens chose Heap with the 31st overall pick in the 2001 draft, and he had some outstanding years with the team.
He is the Ravens' career leader in touchdown receptions and is second in overall receptions and receiving yards.
Heap played for the Ravens through 2010. He signed with the Cardinals in 2011, played two games the following season and officially retired in 2013.
“Absolutely gutted for Todd Heap and his family,” Houston Texans star JJ Watt said in a tweet . “Thoughts are with them in this incredibly tough time.”
Attempts by The Associated Press to reach Heap by telephone Saturday were unsuccessful.
Mesa police Detective Steve Berry said the investigation into the accident continues but that there are no suspicious circumstances and no signs of impairment.
The Maricopa County Medical Examiner's office has not released the girl's identity or ruled on a cause of death.
The child safety advocacy group KidsandCars.org said more than 800 children have been killed in the past two decades in instances in which a child in front of a vehicle wasn't seen by the driver. The organization's president, Janette Fennell, said blind zones in the front and back of cars cause such tragedies.
___
BOB BAUM , AP Sports Writer
AP Pro Football Writer Arnie Stapleton in Denver and Associated Press writer Sally Ho in Las Vegas contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
A FORMER glamour model was found hanged by her young son after her drinking had ''spiralled out of control'', an inquest heard today.
CAVENDISH PRESS MODEL: Monica McDermott was a successful motorbike calendar pin up
Magazine pin up Monica McDermott, 44, had checked into a rehabilitation clinic months before she died. She had also suffered an alcohol induced coma and been banned from driving after a successful modelling career. Last December 5, a row broke out at her home in Macclesfield, Cheshire when her 12-year old son and her mother had to wrestle wine from her. The boy subsequently found his mother dead the same evening.
CAVENDISH PRESS MENTAL HEALTH: Monica had battled depression and alcoholism
Tragically, her mum Noreem told the inquest that she can “still her her grandson's screams now”. Miss McDermott was taken to hospital in a critical condition but died a week later after doctors discovered the incident left her with severe brain damage. This week a coroner ruled she hanged herself as ''cry for help'' but did not intentionally try to kill herself. The Warrington hearing was told Miss McDermott had forged a successful career in modeling.
CAVENDISH PRESS LOVING MUM: She was a 'caring' mother to her 12-year-old son
She modelled at Brands Hatch as a Ducati Corse girl and also featured on the SBK World Superbike Championship calendar as well as modelling in various glamour magazines. But away from the camera and glamorous lifestyle, Miss McDermott was drinking heavily and was banned from the roads for drink driving in 2012 and 2015. Her mother Noreen McDermott said in a statement: ''She led a very clean life. “She was interested in herbal remedies, was conscious of germs and had an obsession with steam cleaning.
CAVENDISH PRESS HIDDEN: Away from glamorous lifestyle, she had a drink problem
"Myself and the family did not realise that Monica had a problem with alcohol until around 2015. “She then collapsed in 2016 due to her being in an alcohol induced coma and we became aware that her drinking had spiralled out of control.” Noreen described her daughter as an “independent lady, a successful model and a loving, caring mother to her son”. In the open verdict coroner Claire Welch said: ''My view is that I cannot be satisfied so that I am sure that she did it with the intention of ending her life.
Celebrities share their mental health battles These celebrities have spoken up about their mental health struggles 1 / 19 FilmMagic Ryan Reynolds has opened up about suffering with intense anxiety
TOLEDO CITY, CEBU- Three drug peddlers were arrested in two buy-bust operations conducted by police authorities on Friday afternoon.
Jingky Navarro, 38, and Arlyn Manabat, 41, were arrested in Barangay Poblacion. Confiscated from them were five small sachets of shabu worth P2,500.
In another operation, Inocencio Calipay, 22, was apprehended in Barangay Luray II. Two small sachets of shabu were seized from him, amounting to P400.
ADVERTISEMENT
SPO3 Jemelon Cotmaya of Toledo City Police said that the arrested pushers are named in the city police's drug watch list.
BEIJING: Alphabet's Google has launched a file managing tool in several Chinese app stores as it looks for fresh inroads into the world's biggest smartphone market, where most of the Internet giant's top products remain banned.
The US firm on Thursday (May 31) released a China-specific version of Files Go, a storage management tool for smartphones, the second China-specific app it has released since its flagship services were banned.
Advertisement
The app, which has a small number of users compared to Google's flagship search and app store products, is also the first it has launched on third-party Chinese app stores including those hosted by Baidu, Xiaomi and Huawei.
China has represented a black hole on Google's global map since regulators began banning the company's products in 2010 when it refused to censor results in line with local laws.
Its search engine is banned in the Chinese market along with its app store, email and cloud storage services.
China's cyber regulators say restrictions on foreign media and Internet platforms are designed to block influences that contravene stability and socialist ideas.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Google has been trying to expand its operations in China and has launched a dedicated artificial intelligence research hub in Beijing, but its return to providing consumer products has been slow amid tightening censorship regulations.
Google has, however, ramped up its China efforts recently. CEO Sundar Pichai has made several visits to the country and has spoken at two Chinese government forums since December.
Last year, Google released its Google Translate app in China. It is maintained by Google's local joint venture.
The Files Go app, which helps users free up storage space, has been developed by Google's Next Billion program that targets developing markets, including India and Indonesia, where there are a large number of people using low-end smartphones.
While Google's consumer services are largely blocked in China, its Android operating system is used widely by top smartphone vendors, including Xiaomi and Huawei phones.
(Reporting by Cate Cadell; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
The average household in Niagara Falls will see their property taxes increase by $55.15 this year, or 1.79 per cent.
That's below the rate of inflation, said city finance director Todd Harrison.
He said the city's net levy increase is 0.97 per cent, “the lowest we've had in this term of council” and the third lowest in a decade.
“I'm impressed with this budget,” said Mayor Jim Diodati.
“It does a bit of everything.”
On Tuesday evening, staff presented a revised 2017 operating budget that included $401,000 in cuts to the initial draft budget presented to council Jan. 24.
Council approved the revised budget.
Cuts were made to employee benefits ($120,000), fuel in the transit department ($102,000) and the realignment of storm sewer costs to the utility budget ($179,000).
Politicians approved $130,644,092 in operating expenses, $615,800 more than expected revenues this year.
When council got its first look at the preliminary operating budget, expenses were proposed to be $131,045,092, $1,016,800 more than projected revenues.
Harrison said staff went back and made some reductions to bring the budget difference, and the tax increase, down.
He said the operating budget maintains core service levels.
It also includes enhanced services tied to council's strategic priorities for culture, cemeteries, preventative maintenance, transit and parks/streets maintenance.
Harrison said the city continues to see a decline in its debt.
In 2014, the debt was $62.4 million. By 2018, the debt is expected to sit at $49.9 million.
He said the city's debt to own source revenue is around five per cent, one of the lowest in Ontario. The provincial limit is 25 per cent.
A significant hike in operating spending this year is proposed for transportation services.
Transit services staff propose moving toward hour-peak service on all conventional routes; eliminating the Wego purple line; adjusting peak-hour service level on the Wego blue line; elimination of bidirectional transfers; establishing a customer-service hub at Dorchester Road/Morrison Street; conventional service-fare adjustment and establishing external lunch facilities at various locations; and extra Sunday service hours to the Chair-A-Van specialized service based on demand.
Staff said implementing phase three of the city's transit improvement plan will provide morning and afternoon peak half-hour service to four additional daytime routes.
That would bring the number of routes having peak-hour service to eight (53 per cent).
Following this implementation, there will be two phases remaining to provide 100 per cent daytime peak-hour service system wide.
Plans beyond phase five will be implemented based on ridership, according to staff.
rspiteri@postmedia.com
Follow @RaySpiteri
New Delhi: Coming in to bat to chase a total of 217, India's opening batsmen Prithvi Shaw and Manjot Kalra got off to a strong start. The duo took their side to a total of 23/0 in 4 overs before rain interrupted the play for a short time.
After the play resumed, both Shaw and Kalra, who have groomed under the tutelage of former Indian captain Rahul Dravid, did not lose their concentration and continued to pile on runs.
Manjot Kalra smashed his century here in the ICC U-19 World Cup 2018. He becomes the second player to score a ton in ICC U-19 World Cup final.
Kalra went on to smash his century as he and Harvik Desai took India to victory to clinch ICC U-19 World Cup.
Meanwhile, BCCI took to Twitter to announce the victory of Boys in Blue to clinch the U19 Cricket World Cup.
The #BoysInBlue beat Australia U19 by 8 wickets to clinch the #U19CWC pic.twitter.com/91YeZNJ3hI — BCCI (@BCCI) February 3, 2018
On the other hand, BCCI also announced prize money for victorious India U19 team.
By Chen Ping-hsun 陳秉訓
Chinese singer Qiu Lin (秋林) won the Best Hakka Singer award at the Golden Melody Awards on June 23. This is a “cultural crisis” that deserves the attention of the authorities in charge.
The organizer added the category in 2003 to split the Best Dialect Male Singer and Best Dialect Female Singer awards into additional categories. The change was made to reflect the then-Democratic Progressive Party government's cultural diversity policy, as well as to include more local elements in the annual event.
The Hakka-language categories had the goal of protecting and promoting the Hakka language, with the intended result of adding them to encourage local Hakka to create more Hakka music. This means that the Hakka awards must be saved for Taiwanese artists.
Winning the awards can bring the artists more opportunities to perform commercially. Such opportunities should be reserved for local musicians so that an environment beneficial to the creation of Hakka music is established.
With his previous album, Qiu was in 2016 nominated for Best Hakka Album and Best Hakka Singer — as the first Chinese nominee in the Hakka categories — but he failed to win an award that year.
This year, his latest album, Da Ling Jiao Xia 2 (大嶺腳下2), won over the judges, even though it was inspired by Hakka culture in China's Guangdong Province.
Qiu's win shows that the Hakka-focused categories are losing their cultural meaning. The awards no longer have the unique characteristic of encouraging the creation of local Hakka music.
Even more serious is that this development is likely to open a new path for China's “united front” strategy, which has attempted to Sinicize Hakka culture in Taiwan.
Authorities should face this issue head on so local Hakka musicians do not lose their main stage.
Chen Ping-hsun is an assistant professor at National Chengchi University's Graduate Institute of Technology, Innovation and Intellectual Property Management.
Translated by Eddy Chang
Getty Images
Chris Long has heard the suggestions, after he tweeted out his criticisms of the weekend's protests in Virginia and of President Donald Trump.
But he's not sticking to sports.
The Eagles defensive end and longtime resident of Charlottesville, Va., decried what was happening there, and the leaders whom he believes aren't doing enough to stop it.
“Some people are tired of hearing me tweet because they want me to stick to football but I like to use social media like I was a regular guy because I think I am,” Long said, via Dave Zangaro of CSNPhilly.com. “I don't tell people to stick to their job when they want to talk politics. And this isn't political. That's the thing. Everybody is trying to turn this political. This isn't a political issue. This is right or wrong.
“I believe you're on one side or the other. For me, being from Charlottesville, no one wants to see you sit idly by and watch that stuff happen and not say anything. And I wish there was more categorical denial from some very important people in this country who have had the opportunity to strike it down but didn't.”
Long was referring to Trump's statement condemning “violence on many sides” after white nationalist protests turned angry (or angrier than they began), and an anti-racism protester was killed when a man drove his car into a crowd.
The issue was personal for Long because he grew up in Charlottesville, going to high school there before his career at the University of Virginia. So it pained him to see the problems in the streets he knew, and the divisions that led to them.
Long said one of the things he appreciates most about football is that the locker room environment forces people of different backgrounds together, creating a microcosm of society that allows its participants to see and meet and get to know people who aren't like them.
“I wish everybody would have a chance to be on a team,” Long said. “I really do believe, it might be cliché, but we come from a lot of different walks of life and backgrounds and I've played with a lot of guys I probably would have never met in other walks of life. We sit here in a bubble in a really positive way. I wish the rest of the world could be on a team. I know that sounds kind of cliché but we get to really be exposed to each other's different cultures, different ways of life and the way we look at different things. And I think that's the really cool thing about being on a team.”
But as long as societal issues are treated like sports — when one team feels compelled to obliterate the other — the unfortunate truth is that Long's going to have much more to talk and tweet about.
The Ondo State House of Assembly on Friday passed the 2018 Appropriation Bill, raising the estimates from N171.2 billion to N181.4 billion.
The lawmakers unanimously passed the budget estimates at a plenary session presided over by the Speaker, Mr Bamidele Oleyelogun.
Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu had on Dec. 22, 2017 presented a budget of N171.2 billion to the House for consideration.
After tinkering with the bill, the House jerked up the estimates by N10. 1 billion, amounting to N181.4 billion.
The House Committee on Finance and Appropriation chaired by Mr Sunday Olajide explained that the increase was to accommodate N7 billion SUBEB funds for capital projects in 2017 rolled into the 2018 budget.
He said additional N2 billion was also earmarked for the conduct of local government elections in the state.
Olajide expressed the hope that the budget would give “clear expression to the vision of the government to transform state.
N78. 5 billion is voted for recurrent expenditure, N80. 9 billion is for capital expenditures while N13.5 billion is earmarked for debt servicing. Another N8.3 billion is allocated statutory transfer.
The Majority Leader, Mr Olugbenga Araoyinbo, moved the motion for the passage of the bill after the adoption of the committee's report and was seconded by the Deputy Speaker, Mr Iroju Ogundeji.
While leaders have a duty to help bring high-paying jobs to the area, the business or person initiating each project must also do his part. Project leaders must operate with integrity, due diligence and with respect to neighbors who could be affected by the change. Careful steps should be taken to minimize negative impacts and to protect our natural resources and western quality of life.
The project proposed by Ramaco (which has various subsidiaries and connected operations under other names), could be another big break for Sheridan County, much like the recently announced move of Weatherby, Inc. to the area. While the jobs created within the manufacturing and research facilities may only number around one or two dozen, they would add to the local economy, and the potential for expansion certainly exists.
The proposed Brook Mine, which would provide coal for the Ramaco facilities, could bring even more jobs to the area. These are all good things.
Ramaco and its representatives, though, haven't always presented themselves as good neighbors. Nearby landowners have expressed frustrations with the lack of information provided by the company, the unwillingness to hear concerns and, most recently, “false personal attacks” against those who oppose or want more protections established within the project.
In a filing with Sheridan County, Ramaco's attorney stated that “Sheridan will not grow and develop in a valuable way by just adding more coffee shops. It needs real jobs that generate serious new economic activity and taxes.” That statement diminishes the hard work of small business owners and doesn't belong in an application to the county for a new project. In fact, the half-dozen or so coffee shops in town likely employ (as a combined total) a similar number of individuals Ramaco proposes to hire for its research and manufacturing facilities initially.
If it's necessary to belittle the hard work of others to advance your cause, you need to examine the cause you champion and perhaps try another tactic. Public relations matter, and Ramaco has some work to do.
We were mighty impressed with Ocean & Montana, the breezy and infectious new summertime rap EP from Compton rapper Buddy and Montreal producer Kaytranada. “World Of Wonders” is a splendid example of the project's appeal: Kaytranada provides a surging, otherworldly synth loop buoyed by airy snaps and pops, adding up to something like a beach party deejayed by Gold Panda, and Buddy glides all over it with effortless grace. In the song's new video from director Andy Hines, the two of them dance their way around a Los Angeles neighborhood, visiting various homes along the way and exuding stratospheric charisma the whole time. Not a lot happens in the video, but it's one of those films in which the location becomes a character, and it makes that location feel extremely welcoming. Watch below.
Wednesday was World Blood Donor Day and many showed up to contribute.
The Blood Bank of Hawaii says it's a good reminder that there is always a need for blood.
This year's global campaign focuses on blood donation in times of emergency.
Rose Marie Wilson says blood donations have saved her life countless times.
“(Throughout) the course of my life to my late 30s, I've always needed blood,” she said. “I think the worst episode I've needed 27 pints of blood in 21 days. You just don't want to face tomorrow when you go through things like that.”
Wilson says she was never healthy enough or weighed enough to donate blood herself until now.
“I know every blood comes from somebody and I wonder how and who helped me stand here today. Being it's World Donor Day, I said I have an opportunity to thank the donors of Hawaii that (because) you donated blood, I am standing here,” she said.
“It doesn't cost you money. It costs you one hour of your time, and you never know who needs it. It can be you, your loved ones, and you want to make sure blood is on the shelves for when Hawaii's patients need it,” said Maura Dolormente, Blood Bank of Hawaii director of public relations.
Since its location on Dillingham Boulevard closed for rail construction, the blood bank says it's lost 30 percent of its donors.
Click here for more information on how you can help.
President Muhammadu Buhari received the president of the republic of Namibia, H.E. Hage Gottfried Geingob at the State House.
Geingob visited Buhari in Abuja on Wednesday, July 4.
READ ALSO: Ex-militant leader Asari-Dokubo visits APC chairman Oshiomhole
President Buhari with the president of Namibia. Credit: Facebook, Bashir Ahmad
The two presidents met at the State House in Abuja. Credit: Facebook, Bashir Ahmad
A day earlier, President Muhammadu Buhari received French President Emmanuel Macron to the State House, Abuja.
PAY ATTENTION: Read the news on Nigeria's #1 news app
NAIJ.com gathered that President Macron was on a 2-Day official visit to Nigeria.
Macron was welcomed by top government officials who stood by to shake hands with him at the Presidential Villa in Abuja.
Ministers present include finance minister, Kemi Adeosun, minister of information and culture, Lai Mohammed.
Nigerian youths reply to President Buhari over 'lazy' comment | NAIJ.com TV
[embedded content]
Subscribe to watch new videos
Source: Naija.ng
By JER HOUGHTON
Staff Writer
Social media and fashion inspiring the style and confidence of today's men
Whether it's the pompadour or man bun, more and more men are turning to salons to complete their look and keep up with current trends.
“The comfort level of how it's changed is much more pronounced now because of social media and fashion,” says Sandra Cocetti, owner and master stylist of Bliss, an Aveda Concept Salon nestled in the heart of Virgil, Ont.
“Men are definitely more aware. From shoes to trendy accessories and all the in-betweens, the hair is what sets the total package.”
Bliss, known for being a warm and welcoming space filled with hugs, offers first class treatment from beverage, scalp massage, shampoo, colour, haircut and style that can be easily maintained with recommended Aveda home care products.
Tony Penna, owner of Tianna's Jewellery and president of the Players' Hockey League (PHL Niagara), has been getting his hair styled by Cocetti for over 15 years.
“It's just enjoyable to come here, you feel blissed,” says Penna.
“Everybody's always smiling and nice, and they make you feel welcome. It's coming here knowing that you're going to feel good and you don't feel out of place.”
Penna says that in finding the right stylist there is a need for loyalty because your look represents the stylist as well.
“You have to be loyal to your stylist because they are loyal to your hair,” adds Penna.
“Presentation is everything. When you meet someone for the first 10 seconds, that tells so much about you. And having a nice dressed look is part of that. People will take you more seriously and honestly, and they will trust you more.”
When it comes to men's hair styling these days, Cocetti says there are more choices for men than ever before.
Styles can vary from tight fades along the sides and nape area with either a long side fringe or combed back slick hair to shorter or longer textured hair complimented by different beard lengths and facial hair.
“Men tend to fight against what is naturally theirs,” says Cocetti.
“We're learning that using your own natural texture will allow you to use all kinds of products that will help you feel more comfortable, knowing you can go from a strong fade to long hair.”
Ten to fifteen years ago, most men had never heard of product before, where as now product has become very important part of hair care.
“I think it's very important for men to have that comfort level, knowing that they have that extra push to put product in their hair and it's not just a woman thing,” adds Cocetti.
“It's not just a great cut, it's the product that sets it all as one unit.”
As an Aveda Concept Salon, Bliss uses solely Aveda products that includes a consultation to ensure the desired result is achieved by proper cut, hair product and home care system to help repeat the look daily.
The Aveda Men Pure-formance is the exclusive men's products line that range from clays, pomades, shampoos, shaving products and thinning hair solutions.
“Men naturally produce more oils and we have an exclusive phyto-active blend in all our men's products to address their concerns,” says Danielle Zavarella, Aveda Partner for the Niagara region, who supports a network of Aveda salons and spas.
“We manufacture all our products with the use of wind power and never test on animals. The aroma of pure plant and flower essences is the core of Aveda.”
Zavarella continues to work alongside Cocetti to further the team on the most current trends in barbering and men's grooming through Aveda education programs.
“I have lived and breathed Aveda for the last 25 years. It's not a product line, it's a lifestyle, it's a guaranteed wholeness,” says Cocetti.
“It's not just about hair, it's about your inner soul, your inner beauty and confidence level.”
A shocking New York Times report revealed that Hollywood executive Harvey Weinstein has been accused of sexual harassment by multiple women, including Rose McGowan and Ashley Judd. The Times unearthed eight settlements dating back as far as 1990 and spoke to Judd—who said he called her to a meting in his hotel room and asked if he could massage her or shower while she watched. Another woman, Emily Nestor, said he tried to pressure her into sex in exchange for career advancement. One assistant also said he pressured her to give him a massage.
These reports struck a chord with many, many women, and some of them took to Twitter to share their own stories of sexual harassment. Some even had stories of suffering abuse from Weinstein himself.
People began using the hashtag #MyHarveyWeinstein to share memories that the reports brought up for them.
Amber Tamblyn pointed out how difficult it is for women to report harassment or assault by powerful men. Judd had told The New York Times that the incident left her thinking, "How do I get out of the room as fast as possible without alienating Harvey Weinstein?"
Patricia Arquette applauded McGowan and Judd for coming forward in a world that doubts and shames survivors.
McGowan called on people in her industry not to work with Weinstein, on women to speak out about their experiences, and on men to support them.
COTU secretary general Francis Atwoli has dismissed Musalia as the spokesperson for the luhya community saying that he lacked the courage to be the commander in chief of the armed forces
He said that he has withdrawn his support from Musalia.He even apologized to Mudavadi's father saying that he is sorry but is unable to support his son as the Luhya spokes person.
Francis Atwoli said that he would reconvene the luhya leaders so that they can establish their position come 2022.
He also blamed Musalia for being dishonest saying that he could have told the luhya people who traveled from far and wide for the swearing in, to make them aware that the fete was unconstitutional and he would not participate. He instead chose to run away.
Atwoli also said that Kalonzo, Mudavadi and Wetangula were irredeemable cowards
Old Erie Apartments honors retiring employee
Old Erie Apartments honors longtime employee
On Thursday, April 19, 50 tenants, office personnel and maintenance staff from Old Erie Place Apartments attended a retirement party for Douglas “Doug” Goodfellow who has served as maintenance supervisor at the complexes. Doug, a Baldwinsville native, held the position for thirteen years. As a lifelong resident of the CNY area, Doug offered a wealth of knowledge regarding the area. He knows everyone! His mechanical talents, personality and genuine love of people make him an exceptional person. Doug is the essence of honesty, integrity, loyalty and professionalism.
Diane and Chuck Rock welcomed the guests prior to all enjoying a catered luncheon. After lunch was finished, Diane offered several comments regarding Doug's tenure at the properties. Some comments bordered on a “roast” but were delivered with thanks and love. Doug didn't miss a beat and often responded wryly to the jabs. Chuck offered brief comments and told a funny story of a Christmas gift Doug had given him. It was a five foot pencil with a diameter of six inches. This was a lighthearted response to the lengthy work order lists Chuck gave maintenance staff. Chuck still has that pencil but he has worn it down over the years. Additional comments from attendees were welcomed. Several tenants offered touching commentary while others praised Doug's work ethic. Marie Bowers reminisced about a time Doug had performed a heart warming act. Marie mentioned that her deceased husband always mowed the lawn in a certain direction. After Doug mowed one day, he said to Marie “Did I do it the right way?” Both Marie and Doug teared. Marie's twin sister, Marcia Kavanaugh, told all how Doug personally visited her after the death of a grandchild. Doug said, “That's what we do here; we're family.” Doug cared about everyone in all facets of his life.
Patrick Rock, son of Diane and Chuck, has taken over the management of all Rock Properties for the past eight years. After sharing his memories of working with Doug, he presented Doug with a plaque which read: The Doug Goodfellow Room, In Honor and appreciation of his service and dedication to Old Erie Place Apartments From 2005-2018 Presented by Rock Properties April 19, 2018.
While Doug will be sorely missed, there is a happy ending. He has chosen to become a resident of Old Erie Place and continue to share his expertise and good will with us. We hope this will be the case for many years to come.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
BJMP officer survives ambush
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By Calvin D. Cordova
CEBU CITY – An officer of the Bureau of Jail Management and Penology (BJMP) cheated death after he survived an ambush staged by motorcycle-riding assailants in Barangay Banawa, Cebu City early morning yesterday.
Jail Inspector Edwin Sarcon, 53, was on his way to the regional office of BJMP past 7 a.m. when he was shot at by the suspects.
Fortunately, he was just grazed on the nape. A bystander was also wounded after a stray bullet hit him in the leg.
Senior Supt. Joel Doria, director of the Cebu City Police Office (CCPO), said his men are still investigating the attack.
“It could be work-related or personal grudge. We are checking if the attack was captured by some security cameras in the area,” said Doria.
Related
comments
Bloomberg
Chinese companies are expected to cancel most of the remaining soybeans that they have committed to buy from the US in the year ending Aug. 31, once the extra tariff on US imports takes effect from Friday.
China is the world's top soybean buyer and has yet to take delivery of about 1.14 million tonnes of US soybeans booked for the current marketing year, US Department of Agriculture data showed.
The USDA last week said China had resold some 123,000 tonnes of committed deliveries to Bangladesh and Iran.
Soybeans are a key flashpoint in the worsening trade relations between the US and China after Beijing said that it would levy tariffs on imports starting on Friday in retaliation against a raft of duties imposed by US President Donald Trump's administration.
By focusing on US agricultural produce, as well as raw materials such as coal, China is targeting the rural communities in states that voted for Trump in 2016.
“These shipments will be either canceled or resold if extra tariffs are imposed,” said Gao Yanbin, an investment manager with agriculture investment firm Shanghai Shenkai Investment Co (上海申凱投資). “The tariff rate is too high, which will make crushers lose money.”
Tariff-free cargoes destined for state reserves would get through, Gao said.
China holds unspecified volumes of state reserves of domestic and imported soybeans. China had been forecast to buy 97 million tonnes of soybeans this marketing year.
Analysts do not expect many soy cargoes from the US to arrive after the Friday deadline, as buyers have already stopped shipments.
The Peak Pegasus bulk carrier is to arrive before the deadline, while the Aeolian Fortune and the Kea have already arrived, Shanghai JC Intelligence Co (上海匯易諮詢) analyst Monica Tu said.
Chinese companies have since April contracted to increase purchases from Brazil and soy inventories at major crushers are currently at the highest in years, the China National Grain and Oils Information Center (CNGOIC) said.
That is likely to change later in the year.
“There will be a supply deficit from the fourth quarter as crushers won't have enough supplies if they don't take US soybeans,” Gao said.
Brazilian supplies fall to seasonal lows in the first and fourth quarters — a period when China's imports are normally dominated by the US.
The CNGOIC said Chinese firms might need to import 10 million tonnes from the US when South American supplies run down.
“If China intends to keep their crushing plant operating in the fourth quarter and early in the first quarter, they will need to import US soybeans, even with a 25 percent tariff,” as there are no other options to cover the shortage, US Soybean Export Council North Asia regional director Paul Burke said.
China imported about 25 million tonnes from the US in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year, customs data showed.
China would have the “world's most expensive soybeans,” which might increase domestic prices of soybean meal and soybean oil, Luzheng Futures Co (魯證期貨) analyst Jiang Boheng said.
Food shopping can be a huge headache — especially when it comes time to check out. From the moment you enter those automatic doors and grab your cart, the dollar signs start adding up. Though it's not nearly as bad as the check you get while wining and dining at a restaurant, supermarket bills can be expensive. Regardless, if you like food, like at all, these are the sacrifices you'll make to not eat instant ramen every night.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Like most busy people, weekend days are the most popular to tackle the daunting task of food shopping. But according to new research from Ibotta, an app that partners up with retailers to give cash back deals, you're doing it all wrong. Across the country, the weekend is the priciest time to make your way through your grocery list.
But, don't fret. Ibotta also recommended the best days to shop 'til you drop.
If you're stocking up on wine, consider grabbing your bottles on Tuesdays. You could stand to pay 4 percent less.
Wednesdays are ideal for buying bread (it's 2 percent cheaper on hump day) and beer, which is about 1 percent less expensive. If you're a snack lover, head to the store on Thursdays to get a little less than 1 percent off many sweet and savory items. On Friday's you can get produce and ice cream around 1 percent cheaper.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Though you won't see massive discounts on the spot at check out, if you buy wine and ice cream at the rate we do, get excited to see some serious dolla bills add up over time.
Follow Delish on Instagram.
Achieve instant electronic mastery! This world demands skill with electronics. Familiarity with the basic components can give one a leg up into the core of technology. The future depends on this, so why not cause a little trouble in the process? From harnessing light, to controlling sound, to sensing the world, this book is a step-up from plug and play kits. The pre-engineers who read this book will build advanced electronics projects from scratch, demystifying electrical components in the process. Once this world opens, anything is possible.
The Troublemaker's Handbook, is a collection of projects making an instant guru of the reader. The projects are some first a budding electrical engineer should learn, or at least try. The concepts behind these projects can transcend into an adulthood of professional engineering. The book is packed with 100+, projects that will give the reader a resource that can aid them in the future, making just about anything.
By Jake Chung / Staff writer, with CNA
Estimated annual expenditure at Taiwan Power Co's (Taipower, 台電) Nuclear Power Back-end Operations Fund has surged by NT$100 billion (US$3.4 billion) due to plans to incorporate two separate expenditure items into the fund, the state utility said in its latest report to the Ministry of Economic Affairs.
The increased amount is due to changes in operational costs after the retirement of nuclear power plants and the merging of the Promoting the Development of Power and Energy Subsidies and Radioactive Waste Storage Compensatory funds into payout items for the operations fund.
Merging the expenditures was in response to requests made by local residents, State Enterprise Commission Vice Chairperson Wu Fong-sheng (吳豐盛) told a news conference after an inspection on Tuesday.
The residents demanded the continuation of payouts from the compensatory fund and subsidies based on rates when the power plant is running at full capacity, Wu said.
The company paid between NT$81 million and NT$85 million to residents of New Taipei City's Shihmen (石門), Sanjih (三芝) and Jinshan (金山) districts in 2013 and 2014, when the Jinshan Nuclear Power Plant in Shihmen was running at full capacity.
The subsidies are based on the wattage of power generated, storage capacity and other necessities, Taipower said.
As for compensatory funds, the company offered NT$200 per barrel of low-radiation waste stored near the power plant and NT$60 per barrel for other areas, the company said.
The company offered NT$30,000 per tonne of waste for those living near the power plant and NT$9,000 per tonne in other areas.
Should the commission approve the request, the operation fund will pay NT$176 million per year, totaling NT$4.4 billion over 25 years, after which the power plant must shut down entirely, Wu said.
The commission would ask the company to consider offering a sum that would not be less than the subsidies offered when the plant is running at full capacity, Wu said.
As for changes in operational costs, Taipower cited additional expenditures of NT$30 billion to transform part of the plant into a dry storage facility, an undisclosed amount to establish a management center to centralize storage of nuclear waste, and another NT$20 billion for the eventual relocation of the Orchid Island (蘭嶼) storage facilities.
Depending on the storage site and method, it would cost NT$40 billion to NT$80 billion to store nuclear waste for the required 40 years, Taipower said.
The ministry told the Legislative Yuan that the total proposed expenditure of NT$470 billion is only one of the options being considered, adding that it would reach a final decision later.
The commission said that even if the budget proposal was approved, Taipower would still have to abide by the plans made by the ministry and the Atomic Energy Council, adding that the fund would be subject to re-evaluation every five years or during crises.
The fund is short NT$14 billion and if a proposal to raise the percentage of funds drawn from electricity fees is not approved by the Evaluation Committee for Power Pricing, Taipower would have to write the amount off as operational losses.
Starting from 1987, the public paid NT$0.14 to NT$0.18 to the fund per kilowatt of power generated, a figure that was increased to NT$0.17 in 2011 and to NT$0.37 in 2013, Taipower statistics showed.
- Liverpool will face Roma on Wednesday, April 25, in the Champions League semi final
- But they must be wary of Roma's Daniele De Rossi who has brutal tattoo on his leg
- The player was superb as the Italian club sent Barcelona out of the Champions League
Premier League campaigners Liverpool will face Roma on Wednesday, April 25, in their first leg semi final clash of the 2017/18 UEFA Champions League.
But the Reds will need to be wary of Roma's tough-tackling warrior Daniele De Rossi if they are to beat the Italian club in front of their faithfuls.
Rossi is not shy in sticking a foot in and even has a 'Caution: Late Tackle' sign tattooed on his right calf.
The 34-year-old has proved he can be the catalyst to fire Roma to the final after his astonishing performance against Barcelona in the previous round.
Meanwhile, the last time Roma faced Liverpool at Anfield was in 2002 when De Rossi was just an 18-year-old.
PAY ATTENTION: Become a member of the leading sports Facebook group 'Naija Football Fan Zone'
Liverpool will also have Egypt international Mohamed Salah to rely on for this tie against Roma considering his performances this season.
Earlier, NAIJ.com had reported how Liverpool striker Mohamed Salah was crowned the PFA Player of the year after scoring 31 goals this term in the Premier League with three games to end the season.
The Egyptian fought off competition from Manchester City's Kevin De Bruyne to scoop the prestigious individual prize on Sunday night, April 22.
Nigeria can get to the quarterfinal of World Cup - Ex-Super Eagles star Etim Esin. On NAIJ.com TV
[embedded content]
Source: Naija.ng
Bhubaneswar: The BJD has indicated of strong introspective actions against party leaders, activists who were involved in anti-party actions during the first phase panchayat polls leading to the unprecedented loss of the party at various stronghold areas.
Unlike the last time around the ruling party has grabbed 103 seats out of 188 Zilla Parishad candidates during this year's polls. Earlier during the 2012 polls BJD alone won a mammoth 651 seats.
While there are four more phases of elections it is course correction time for the ruling party. Amid such a backdrop party Supremo Naveen Patnaik called for an urgent review meeting on Tuesday.
He directed party leaders to rein in the winning formula that led the party to such monumental win during the last elections. Sources said introspection of loss is being pondered as strict instructions have been laid out to leaders to face the situation and bring back that trust among the public so that the party can win just like the way it did in 2012.
The absence of party Chief Naveen Patnaik from the campaign programme has also posed a big threat amid intra-party rivalry, anti-incumbency adding to the woes of the BJD. During the last elections Patnaik alone addressed 50 public meetings and rallies across various parts of the state but this time so far he has only visited his home constituency Hinjicut where he organized road shows.
The TOWIE star looked happy and relaxed on holiday with her family
Sam Faiers is enjoying some well-deserved down-time on holiday with her family in Sardinia, Italy.
The 26 year old relaxed in the sun showing off her naturally gorgeous figure in a white halterneck bikini.
The tiny two-piece struggled to manage her curves and her underboob slipped out of the bottom while she adjusted her sunglasses.
After a bit of sunbathing Sam was back to mum duties and put her white T-shirt cover-up on to play a spot of football with the boys.
(Photo: CPX, MCP) (Photo: CPX, MCP) (Photo: CPX, MCP)
(Photo: CPX, MCP)
She was all smiles as she chased her boyfriend Paul Knightley and their son baby Paul Tony with the football.
The 18 month old dashed around in a white baby grow and looked very steady on his little feet.
Later Sam crashed on a towel with her partner and leaned in for a smooch.
(Photo: CPX, MCP) (Photo: CPX, MCP)
(Photo: CPX, MCP)
Earlier this year, Sam insisted she's not a “creepy girlfriend” who just hangs around waiting for her boyfriend to propose.
While Sam has said in the past she'd love to marry Paul, she told OK magazine she isn't “begging” her other half to pop the question and he can do it in his own time.
Samantha said: “Of course I'd love to get married, but I don't want people thinking I'm some creepy girlfriend who begs her boyfriend to propose.”
(Photo: CPX, MCP) (Photo: CPX, MCP) (Photo: CPX, MCP)
In the last series of Sam's reality show The Mummy Diaries, she was seen joking to Paul about when he might put a ring on her finger.
But Sam insisted that's all it was – a joke!
“It was a bit of an ongoing joke between us that happened to end up being made into a big part of the show,” she said.
“I know he'll ask me at some point so I'm in no rush. We've said we won't have any more children until we get married, though.”
Sam went on to admit that the couple do face “pressure” from people constantly asking when the marriage might be – and all they can say in return is it WILL happen one day.
“We get asked all the time so it puts a lot of pressure on him,” said Sam. “We've spoken about marriage – it's definitely on the cards.”
(Photo: CPX, MCP) (Photo: CPX, MCP) (Photo: CPX, MCP)
(Photo: CPX, MCP)
She had indicated last year the famliy were hoping for an actual move Stateside, but speaking on Lorraine in February, Sam said that would not likely happen as they've just bought a new house in Hertfordshire.
“We did go but it kept getting put back,” she said.
“We went for a holiday and now we want to go back for like two to three months and really live it out there.
“While the baby's not in school we don't feel like we have to be in one particular place.”
A MAJOR British retailer that owns High Street favourite Jacques Vert has announced it is closing down all its outlets and axing 840 jobs.
Calvetron Brands Limited, a retailer that operates mini outlets within big stores like Debenhams and House of Fraser, has become the latest casualty of the High Street shutdown. The retailer, which owns Jacques Vert and Precis, had already shut dozens concessions after plunging into administration in May, but its final blow has today been announced by administrators. All its remaining concessions in the UK, Republic of Ireland and Canada will now close down at a loss of 840 jobs after its administrators failed to find a last minute buyer to rescue the business.
ALAMY/GETTY ANOTHER ONE BITES THE DUST: The High Street has suffered a further blow today
Troubled chains: The high street stores at risk of COLLAPSE Is the UK high street in CRISIS? 1 / 7 Bloomberg via Getty Images New Look is shutting down 60 stores across the UK
The news comes on the same day a major report has been published, setting out proposals on how to save the High Street following the loss of several big names like Toys R Us and Maplin. Benjamin Wiles, joint administrator, stated: “Following our appointment on 4 May 2018, the joint administrators have continued to trade the business, allowing a period of time for us to market the business and assets for sale as a going concern. “We have explored a number of potential options, however no viable offers for the business as a going concern have been received. As such we are now having to close the remaining concessions here in the UK and Ireland as well as Canada and move to trade-out the stock.” Calvetron's closures and the estimated 840 job losses follow the 102 concessions earmarked for closure in June after it first went into administration.
JACQUES VERT THING OF THE PAST: Jacques Vert concessions are coming to an end
Is the Great British high street DYING? The beloved stores that have closed It seems like half the shops we remember from when we were kids have gone. Is the Great British high street dying? We take a look at the stores that have closed 1 / 19 PA Archive/PA Images BHS (British Home Stores) closed amid controversy surrounding chairman Philip Green in 2016
The Nigerian Navy Ship (NNS) DELTA on Wednesday handed over a vessel with more than 386,000 litres of stolen crude and nine suspects to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission.
The Commander, NNS DELTA, Commodore Ibrahim Dewu, handed over the vessel and the suspects to the officials of the anti-graft agency at the Warri Naval Base.
Addressing newsmen after the handover, Dewu said the vessel christened MT Nipal and the Nigerian suspects were apprehended on Jan. 31.
The commander said that they were nabbed by the navy personnel while allegedly siphoning crude oil at the Shell Petroleum Development Company Afremo field.
“MT Nipal was apprehended Jan. 31, 2018. The suspects were caught while siphoning crude oil at the Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) Afremo field.
“It had 386,000 litres of crude oil and four out of the eight tanks of the vessel bore the product.
“We have carried out our investigations. Today, we are handing over the vessels with its crew, about nine Nigerians on board, to the EFCC to carry out full investigations,” he said.
Dewu, who said that the navy would not relent in ridding the Nigerian territorial waterways of illegalities, advised the perpetrators to seek a better and alternative means of livelihood.
“I advised those who indulged in the illegal oil business to desist from carrying out these illegal activities.
“If they want to go into oil business, there are proper ways to go about it. They should stay away from illegal oil theft because it is an economic sabotage,” he said.
Mr Richard Ogberagha, Senior Detective Superintendent, EFCC, Benin office, who led some members of the commission, promised to fully investigate the vessel and suspects.
“EFCC will carry out preliminary investigations to determine the evidence of the involvement of the people,” he said.
Agencies
SOCCER
Coach held at gunpoint
Argentine Club Atletico Escuela Presidente Roca coach Cristian Neira quit after being threatened at gunpoint by a benched player. Midfielder Cesar Pagani pulled a gun during training and demanded to be included in the starting lineup on Thursday, Cordoba Soccer League president Emeterio Farias said. “The coach quit,” Farias said in an interview with Radio Suquia on Friday. “The player threatened him with a gun during training. There's another kid who is playing [in the starting lineup] and the coach thinks he is better, and he has the right to decide who plays.” Farias said Neira decided not to press charges out of fear, but said he reported the incident to the police. “I hope the authorities do something. A guy like this cannot be free,” Farias said. “We can't allow the violent [people] to push us around.” Roca plays in the Federal C category of Argentina professional soccer, one of the many lower level regional tournaments below the first division.
SOCCER
West Ham head scout fired
West Ham United have fired their player recruitment director for telling agents the Premier League club would not sign any more African players. In an e-mail sent to agents and published by the Daily Mail on Wednesday, Tony Henry complained that African players “have a bad attitude” and “cause mayhem” when they are not in the team. West Ham on Friday said it terminated Henry's contract “with immediate effect following his unacceptable comments that were widely reported in the press.” Henry's dismissal came after the English Football Association opened an investigation. Cheikhou Kouyate, West Ham's Senegalese midfielder, on Thursday wrote on Instagram that he is “African and proud.” West Ham said they are an inclusive club “where, regardless of gender, age, ability, race, religion or sexual orientation, everybody feels welcome and included.”
SOCCER
Fans mock fatal plane crash
The South American Football Confederation has opened a disciplinary procedure against Uruguayan Club Nacional de Football after a group of fans mocked the plane crash that killed members of Brazilian soccer club Chapecoense two years ago. The confederation on Friday said that the probe was launched due to “offensive behaviors that are an attack on human dignity.” Nacional apologized to the Brazilian team in a statement and said they would launch their own investigation to ensure those “responsible get the most severe sanctions.” A video broadcast by Brazil's Globoesporte Web site shows two Nacional fans laughing and making gestures with their arms imitating a plane crash.
OLYMPICS
Indian skier into Olympics
Cross-country skier Jagdish Singh has qualified for this month's Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in South Korea, one of only two Indian athletes who will be seen in action at the Games. Singh and veteran luger Shiva Keshavan will comprise the Indian contingent for the Games starting on Friday, Indian Olympic Association (IOA) secretary-general Rajeev Mehta said yesterday. It will be a maiden Olympic appearance for 26-year-old Singh, who booked his place with just one point over the qualification mark. He will be participating in the 15km Nordic skiing freestyle event that is scheduled for Feb. 16. The Winter Games Federation of India is not recognized by the IOA, which has made it tough for Indian athletes to break through to the big stage.
3 Army soldiers nabbed for indiscriminate firing
CALAPAN CITY, Oriental Mindoro – Three Philippine Army soldiers were arrested by the local police for allegedly discharging their firearms during the New Year's revelry yesterday morning in Mansalay town.
Senior Superintendent Christopher C. Birung, provincial director of Oriental Mindoro Police Provincial Office (PPO) identified the Army members as Pfc. Kevin Fajilagutan, Pfc. Leonard Magro and Pfc. John Rey B. Calansa, all belonging to the 514 Engineering Construction Batallion, 51st engineering Brigade of the Philippine Army based in Sitio Palico, Barangay Biliran, Nasugbu, Batangas.
The three reportedly discharged a caliber 45 (Armscor) pistol bearing serial number 1270496 with expired mission order issued to Pfc. Fajilagutan.
Sr. Supt. Birung said the incident took place at Barangay Roma, Mansalay and caused minor injury to one Nymar M. Villanueva, 27, a resident of the same barangay.
The three are now under the custody of Mansalay municipal police station and are now being investigated.
(Jerry J. Alcayde)
Related
comments
Senator Dino Melaye has been hospitalised in Abuja after he reportedly jumped out of a moving police vehicle.
The lawmaker, representing Kogi West had been arrested earlier today by operatives of the Inspector General of Police monitoring unit in Abuja.
He reportedly jumped from the police vehicle which was taking him to Lokoja, the capital of his home state, Kogi, Channels TV reports.
Malaye was being taken to Lokoja where he is expected to be interrogated by the police in connection with the allegation that he armed some thugs and in relation to other criminal activities.
Melaye has since been taken to a hospital in Abuja area, after sustaining injuries from the incident.
He had earlier been interrogated by the police over his alleged involvement in the supply of arms to some political thugs arrested in Kogi State in January.
The lawmaker had earlier refused to honour the invitation of the police for questioning over his alleged involvement in that incident, claiming he does not feel safe in Lokoja.
Senator Melaye was detained and subsequently released at the International wing of the Nnamdi Azikiwe international airport on Monday by the Nigerian Immigration Service.
The lawmaker had also raised an alarm on the social media on Monday evening on how the police had laid seige to his home in Abuja.
Using his official twitter handle, @dino_melaye the lawmaker on Monday said, “all roads leading to my house has been cordoned off, as heavy mobile policemen blocked entry and exit of the road. They currently laid siege on in and around the house.”
Miracle Ikechukwu has emerged the new head of House on the ongoing Big Brother Naija ‘Double Wahala', winning the title for the second time.
Miracle beat other housemates when he emerged the first to knock down all the bottles using the tennis ball in the stockings provided.
He chose Nina, to share the luxury room with him.
‘Biggie' had cancelled automatic immunity and “save and replace' powers for the Head of House two weeks ago.
The powers attached to the title this week will be announced after the nominations on Monday.
Miracle takes over from Nina who led the house last week and led her to victory, as they won their wager.
In his first reign, the housemates won the wager, making him the first Head of House to attain the victory.
On Sunday, Miracle scaled through eviction, gaining the highest vote percentage of 27.98 percent against Teddy A, Alex, CeeC, Tobi, Lolu, BamBam, and Anto.
In this season, tagged ‘Double Wahala', housemates are competing for prizes worth N45 million.
The 2014-16 oil price collapse didn't only hammer producers but hurt a lot of other companies besides.
Today, I'm looking at a FTSE 100 giant and a mid-cap firm that both suffered during the period. Their shares have gained since the depths of the rout but are still far below their previous levels. Is it now safe to buy and could there be big gains in store?
Offshore troubles
In 2014, revenue at Rolls-Royce (LSE: RR) fell for the first time in a decade. The oil price halved through the second half of the year and the company said there was “increased uncertainty for many of our markets and customers, particularly in Marine Offshore”.
Revenue in the marine division fell to £1.71bn from £2.04bn the previous year, while profit crashed to £138m from £233m. And in 2015, profit was down to just £15m.
Despite the recovery in the oil price, the company reported yesterday that the marine division had swung to a £27m loss for 2016. Not only that but, in its outlook statement, management said it expects “further weakening in offshore oil and gas markets in Marine”.
The bigger picture
Of course, Rolls-Royce has also faced challenges in other parts of its business and chief executive Warren East, who took charge in July 2015, has been working hard to transform the group with wide-ranging management changes and cost-cutting and efficiency programmes.
Despite yesterday's reported loss of £4.6bn, there are signs the business is beginning to stabilise. At a current share price of 705p — down from a high of almost 1,300p three years ago — the trailing price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio is 23.4. This relatively high P/E suggests the market is optimistic that the company is set for recovery.
There could be big long-term gains to be had for investors today, while in the shorter term I wouldn't entirely rule out a value-unlocking break-up of the group. Mr East will complete a review of the company over the next few months and promises to “set out an appropriate vision for the business and the best way we can deliver sustainable shareholder value”.
Improving indicators
Oil equipment and services company Hunting (LSE: HTG) is obviously more extensively exposed to the price of oil than Rolls-Royce. When oil was hitting its lows, Hunting's shares were down to 240p from a previous high of well over 900p.
The company has almost halved its headcount over the past two years and with the improving oil price, a balance sheet strengthened by a £71m fundraising in October and management reporting “improving market indicators”, the shares are now up to 585p.
Hunting is not expected to return to earnings growth until next year. The analyst consensus forecast puts the company on a P/E of 30.4, which again shows the market has a high degree of optimism.
However, as with Rolls-Royce, there could be big gains for those investing today for the long term, because earnings could improve very rapidly in a few years' time.
Safe to buy?
Is it now safe to buy these two stocks? Well, it looks like we're past the depths of the oil price crash and, while further volatility is entirely possible, investing in quality businesses when they're going through difficult times can be highly profitable for long-term investors. Safe? No. A good risk/reward proposition? Yes, in my view.
Could you make a million? Going against the herd with the right stocks is one way you can beat the market. But there are also other steps you can take to boost your stock market returns. With this in mind the Motley Fool's experts have published a FREE guide called 10 Steps To Making A Million In The Market. Our experts show how a seven-figure-sum stock portfolio is within the reach of many ordinary investors in this straightforward step-by-step guide. There are no strings attached, simply click here for your free copy.
With its 160 rooms and rumoured ghosts hiding among the darkened corners, the mystery of Winchester House, built by Sarah Winchester, the widow of rifle company magnate William Winchester, still draws droves of people to San Jose to try and uncover the building's secrets.
LOS ANGELES: With its 160 rooms and rumoured ghosts hiding among the darkened corners, the mystery of Winchester House, built by Sarah Winchester, the widow of rifle company magnate William Winchester, still draws droves of people to San Jose to try and uncover the building's secrets.
In the new film "Winchester," out in theatres on Friday, it is Oscar-winning actress Dame Helen Mirren who attempts to shed a light on the enigma of Winchester, who died in 1922 leaving her labyrinth of a home to become an attraction.
Mirren compared the widow Winchester, whom she called "fascinating," to jilted spinster Miss Havisham from Charles Dickens' "Great Expectations," a literary character famous for being an eccentric, distraught recluse who lives in the past.
"Winchester" follows psychologist Dr Eric Price (Jason Clarke), who is hired by the Winchester rifle company to evaluate the sanity of the black-veiled Sarah, after she hired carpenters to work around the clock to build more and more rooms in her mansion.
"One of the legends that grew up around her was the legend that she bought the house to placate the ghosts who had been murdered or killed by the Winchester rifle, and the sense of guilt, the pressure and the weight of those spirits upon her," Mirren said.
As Dr Price's investigations continue into the house, more and more spooky events happen in the house, which is known as one of the most haunted houses in America.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Ghost stories have been told by people over fires for thousands of years so the world of the spirits is very present in the human experience. We talk about it, we think about it, it's in our art, it's in our culture. It's an authentic part of the human experience," Mirren said.
(Reporting by Rollo Ross for Reuters TV; Editing by Piya Sinha-Roy and Sandra Maler)
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — A statewide committee says Ohio needs an office that works to protect and bring new jobs to its U.S. military sites.
The group says Ohio is behind other states that already have set up offices that lobby for its military bases.
The state task force appointed last year says Ohio has more than 110,000 military-related jobs with an estimated payroll of $5 billion.
The group says Ohio needs to be ready in case Congress revisits shrinking or realigning military operations around the country.
Ohio gained some military jobs during the last review in 2005, but committee members say it may have missed out on getting even more.
The head of the committee is introducing legislation that would call for establishing an office of government and military affairs in Ohio.
Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more.
You don't need a yard, or even any gardening skills to grow your own food at home; you just need a AeroGarden countertop garden. This garden can grow herbs, vegetables, flowers, and salad greens, and it's just $90 on Woot today, which is about $60 less than usual.
To start growing you simply pop in the seed pods, pour in some water, and the machine does the rest. This garden has accommodations for seven plants and includes seed pods to get you started. So start growing your own garden, or gift to an aspiring green thumb.
Billionaire investor Warren Buffett had proposed to invest US$3 billion in Uber Technologies Inc earlier this year, but the talks failed following disagreements over the terms and size of the deal, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
REUTERS: Billionaire investor Warren Buffett had proposed to invest US$3 billion in Uber Technologies Inc earlier this year, but the talks failed following disagreements over the terms and size of the deal, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway would have provided a convertible loan to Uber that would have protected Buffett's investment should the ride-hailing company hit financial crisis, the report said.
Advertisement
Uber Chief Executive Officer Dara Khosrowshahi proposed decreasing the size of the deal to US$2 billion, giving Buffett a smaller share of the company. The deal fell after the two sides couldn't agree on terms, Bloomberg reported, citing a source.
In March, Uber increased its self-arranged term loan B to US$1.5 billion, a bridge loan designed largely to fund steep cash burn until its planned 2019 IPO.
At the end of March, Uber had about US$6.3 billion in cash, thanks in part to a US$1.25 billion direct investment by SoftBank Group Corp and others.
Both Uber and a representative for Buffett did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Shubham Kalia in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Maju Samuel)
Youths enjoy spring turkey harvests
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Image 2 of 3 Image 3 of 3 Youths enjoy spring turkey harvests 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Nice shots
Above, Zack Burnette, 12, of Cass City shot this trophy Thumb turkey at 35 yards recently with a 20-gauge shotgun. At right, Hugh Walker, 14, of Cass City dropped this Thumb turkey in its tracks at 10 yards recently while using a 10-gauge Magnum shotgun. (Photos by Tom Lounsbury/Hearst Michigan)
To submit photos of successful hunts, email Dan Chalk at chalk@mdn.net
Investigators found pills in several parts of Prince's Paisley Park estate outside Minneapolis after he died of an opioid overdose last year, but none of them had been prescribed to the pop star, according to court records released Monday.
Investigators also said Prince got painkillers through other people. The drugs found at the estate included oxycodone and a variety of non-painkiller drugs.
On Monday morning, officials in Carver County, Minn., unsealed search warrants that had been filed secretly last year as part of their ongoing investigation into the death of Prince Rogers Nelson, who was found collapsed in an elevator in his Chanhassen, Minn., estate on April 21, 2016. He was 57.
A medical examiner determined that Prince died of an accidental overdose of fentanyl, a synthetic opioid that doctors often prescribe for patients dealing with chronic pain from late-stage cancer and is also used as an anesthetic during heart surgery.
The newly unsealed records show that Prince's associates told investigators that he had been struggling with opioid abuse and sometimes went through withdrawals. Some of the pills in Prince's house were not in prescription bottles but in vitamin bottles, found in places including Prince's bedroom and a dressing room.
Shortly before his death, Prince had sought the help of a local physician as well as a California-based addiction treatment expert, Howard Kornfeld, who sent his son, Andrew, to evaluate Prince.
Andrew Kornfeld had arrived at the property with Prince's friend and head of security, Kirk Johnson, and Prince's assistant, Meron Bekure, when Prince's body was discovered.
“Andrew said he heard a scream and ran down the hall and observed Prince lying on his left side in the elevator,” states one of the newly unsealed court records, which said that Prince lived at Paisley Park alone and without a security guard.
Johnson told investigators he didn't know Prince was addicted, according to the warrants, which note that Johnson had known Prince since the 1980s. He was also one of the few people with untrammeled access to Paisley Park, where “there was a sizable amount of narcotic medications located inside Paisley Park … in various pill containers throughout the residence,” one warrant stated.
Johnson had picked up various non-opioid medications for Prince the day before the entertainer's death, and his name was found on some of the bottles in Prince's estate.
Investigators also said they took a backpack belonging to Andrew Kornfeld that contained prescription medications, contained in plastic bags and envelopes, that he didn't have a license to distribute. They included buprenorphine, a treatment drug for opiate addicts, and an anti-nausea suppository.
Kornfeld “admits he brought them of his own accord. He said he got them from his own medicine cabinet, but he denied he intended to use them,” one newly unsealed record states. “He said he did not think about it, he just had them, and now admits it was not a very good idea.”
matt.pearce@latimes.com
@mattdpearce
ALSO
One key way soggy California could save water for the next dry spell
Break away from the USA? The effort to cleave California faces its own split
Conservative opposition to Pope Francis spurs talk of a schism in the Catholic Church
- Advertisement -
China's top prosecutor said Monday it has opened a criminal investigation into the former party chief of Chinese mega-city Chongqing, who was expelled from the Communist Party earlier this year following corruption allegations.
Sun Zhengcai, who was once tipped to become a member of the party's top leadership, has had a precipitous fall from grace since he was suddenly removed from office this summer.
He will be investigated for “accepting bribes,” according to a brief statement on the website of the Supreme People's Procuratorate.
The decision follows Sun's expulsion from the CCP in September after an investigation by the party's disciplinary body found the politician had abused his position by taking bribes and trading power for sex.
The former member of the party's Politburo was also accused of nepotism, sloth and leaking confidential party information and betraying party principles.
- Advertisement -
Sun had once been tipped for promotion to the Politburo's elite, seven-member standing committee.
At 53, he was the youngest member of the 25-member Politburo and he was even seen in some quarters as General Secretary Xi Jinping's potential successor.
In October, the CCP accused Sun and two others of attempting to rig leadership elections at top party gatherings, potentially threatening Xi's ascension to the party's top spot.
Sun was the first serving member of the Politburo to be placed under investigation since Bo Xilai, also a former Chongqing party chief who was jailed for life in 2013 in the wake of a massive anti-corruption campaign launched by Xi.
His sweeping crusade against official corruption over the last five years has removed several rivals, leading some analysts to liken it to a political purge.
Getty Images
With five under contract and maybe one on the way via the third pick in the draft, one or more Jets quarterbacks will be an odd man out before Week One. And one of them could be Teddy Bridgewater.
Via Ralph Vacchiano of SNY, Bridgewater's one-year deal includes only $500,000 guaranteed, via his signing bonus. Bridgewater's $5 million base salary is non-guaranteed. The deal also includes $9 million in incentives.
So, basically, the Jets have paid $500,000 now in exchange for the ability to evaluate Bridgewater throughout the offseason program, training camp, and the preseason before deciding whether to keep him on the active roster when the regular season begins, and the $5 million becomes at that point as a practical matter fully guaranteed.
The chance that Bridgewater won't see his $5 million base salary increases if the Jets pick a quarterback with the third overall choice in round one. If that's what the Jets do, Bridgewater could take full advantage of his chance to show via the preseason that he can still play; if he gets cut after showing that he can still perform, someone else will surely be interested in giving him another chance.
Alternatively, Bridgewater could clamor to be cut or traded if/when the Jets pick a quarterback with pick No. 3. That would be a delicate P.R. strategy, but few would fault Bridgewater for wanting out in light of the arrival of a rookie arrival that could result in Bridgewater being dumped onto the market days before the regular season begins.
North American markets ended a volatile week with sharp losses led by the Dow Jones index losing 666 points, or 2.5 per cent, in its biggest decline in two years.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down at 25,520.96 points, while the S&P 500 lost 2.1 per cent to 2,762.13 points.
Both benchmark indexes saw the worst week of losses since January 2016.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite dropped two per cent to 7,240.95 on Friday — marking its worst week of losses since February 2016.
The decline in U.S. stocks deepened in the afternoon, following jobs data that showed the strongest annual wage growth since 2009, raising the prospect of higher inflation and more interest rate hikes.
Nonfarm payrolls jumped by 200,000 jobs in January after rising 160,000 in December, while the unemployment rate remained at a 17-year low of 4.1 per cent.
But Scotiabank economist Derek Holt said in his morning note that he was cautious about the acceleration in wage growth for a few ​reasons.
“Wages may have accelerated… but incomes in aggregate were dented by working fewer hours,” he said.
Robert Kavcic of BMO Capital Markets said the “relentless” rise in bond yields is probably not helping markets at this point.
“The 10-year Treasury is pushing 2.8 per cent for the first time since early 2014, and the two-year is nearing 2.2 per cent for the first time since the Fed eased aggressively during the financial crisis,” he said.
As interest rates rise, the value of existing bonds falls and borrowing to invest becomes more expensive.
Earnings impact
Weak earnings from several large companies like Exxon Mobil, Chevron and Google's parent company, Alphabet, also weighed on the benchmark indexes.
Index heavyweight Apple's shares were also down 4.3 per cent after its earnings on Thursday showed that the tech giant sold 77.3 million iPhones in the last quarter, below the 80 million expected by analysts.
The Canadian dollar, meanwhile, traded at 80.78 US cents, down from 81.38 US cents on Thursday.
The greenback was stronger against most major currencies on the strong jobs data.
Canadian market
Falling oil prices and a continuing decline in the marijuana sector also contributed to big losses on the Canadian market.
The S&P/TSX Composite lost 255 points, or 1.6 per cent, to 15,606.03 points, marking its worst decline in nearly five months.
The market lost some four per cent this week, which is its worst week since January 2016.
The energy and materials sectors were among the hardest hit, as crude oil and gold prices fell.
Benchmark U.S. crude fell 35 cents to $ 65.45 US a barrel in New York, while gold was down $ 10.60 to $ 1,337.30 an ounce.
Shares of Imperial Oil finished down 4.3 per cent after its fourth-quarter earnings fell short of market expectations.
Weed prices
The healthcare sector was the biggest loser on the index as marijuana stocks continued to lose value.
Analysts said cannabis producers will continue to see more volatility in the weeks ahead on issues such as oversupply in stock and falling prices.
A government web survey on Friday showed that Canadian marijuana costs $ 6.85 a gram after suggesting earlier that weed prices have been falling in recent years as illegal producers boosted production.
Shares of the country's biggest marijuana producer Canopy Growth fell 12.5 per cent on Friday.
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | World News
The two lawsuits filed by the Russian software firm Kaspersky Lab against the U.S. government banning federal networks from using the company's anti-virus software was dismissed on Wednesday by a federal judge.
Kaspersky's products were banned last year from US federal agencies over incrreasing concerns of firms vulnerability to the Russian government influence. Kaspersky filed the suits in December followed by another in February, stating the bans were unconstitutional and harmful to the company.
From the court document: "Kaspersky Lab products enjoy extremely broad access and elevated privileges within the computer systems on which they are installed; Kaspersky Lab is headquartered in Russia; Kaspersky Lab and its founder and Chief Executive Officer, Eugene Kaspersky, have close connections to the Russian government and intelligence services; Kaspersky Lab products cycle users' data to the company's servers that are based in (or accessible from) Russia; Kaspersky Lab is subject to Russian laws that allow the Russian government to request or compel assistance from Russian companies, and is also susceptible to non-legal forms of pressure from the Russian government. ... Having carefully reviewed the record, the pleadings, and the relevant authorities, the Court also GRANTS Defendants' Motion to Dismiss the BOD Lawsuit for lack of standing. Plaintiffs allege that BOD 17-01 causes them harm by depriving them of the ability to sell to the United States federal government and by damaging their reputation. Even if the Court were to rule in Plaintiffs' favor in the BOD Lawsuit and order the rescission of BOD 17-01, these harms would continue."
BRYAN, Ohio (AP) — Authorities say an Ohio man has been hospitalized after his arrest linked to vehicle thefts, ramming a police vehicle, and other alleged crimes in three states.
The Williams County (Ohio) sheriff's office says 41-year-old Jade Herzog of Bryan faces multiple felony charges for “a crime spree” that began Dec. 26 when he left Hillsdale (Michigan) Hospital without authorization. It says he was on medical leave from being jailed in Hillsdale County on a drug count.
The sheriff's statement says Herzog stole vehicles and items across five counties in Michigan, Indiana and Ohio. They say he crashed after trying to ram a sheriff's vehicle early Jan. 1.
Herzog said Monday by hospital telephone that he is being treated for a collapsed lung. He said he needs rehabilitative services for methamphetamine use.
Chipmaker Texas Instruments topped Wall Street targets for first-quarter profit and gave a stronger-than-expected outlook for the second quarter, thanks to higher sales of semiconductors used in cars and industrial machinery.
REUTERS: Chipmaker Texas Instruments topped Wall Street targets for first-quarter profit and gave a stronger-than-expected outlook for the second quarter, thanks to higher sales of semiconductors used in cars and industrial machinery.
TI's shares, which have fallen 6 percent in 2018, climbed more than 5 percent in after-hours trading on Tuesday.
The Dallas-based chipmaker, which primarily develops analogue chips used in industrial equipment, automobiles and consumer electronics, has benefited as automakers increasingly invest in self-driving technology.
The automotive industry accounted for 19 percent of TI's revenue last year, up from 18 percent in 2016 and 15 percent in the previous year.
The company has continued to invest in its industrial and automotive chip businesses to strengthen its position, Dave Pahl, the company's vice president and head of investor relations, said on a call with analysts.
"This is based on our belief that industrial and automotive will be the fastest-growing semiconductor markets. They have increasing semiconductor content. These markets also provide diversity and longevity," Pahl said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
TI's results come one week after semiconductor equipment maker Lam Research Corp's quarterly report showed that its shipments missed Wall Street expectations for the first time since 2013.
Lam's results dragged other semiconductor stocks lower, and the Philadelphia SE Semiconductor Index has since fallen 8.4 percent.
The index has almost doubled in value over the past two years thanks to booming demand for chips used in automobiles, internet-connected devices and consumer gadgets.
For the second quarter, TI expects revenue of between US$3.78 billion (£2.7 billion) and US$4.10 billion, and earnings of US$1.19 to US$1.39 per share. The earnings forecast includes an estimated US$10 million tax benefit.
Analysts were expecting revenue of US$3.90 billion and earnings of US$1.23 per share.
"(TI's second-quarter outlook) indicates that at least for them, the industry must be holding up well. We are not seeing any type of slowdown in demand for TI," said David Heger, an analyst at Edward Jones.
TI's net income rose 37 percent to US$1.37 billion or US$1.35 per share in the three months ended March 31. Excluding items, the company earned US$1.21 per share, beating analysts' average estimate by 10 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
First-quarter revenue rose about 11 percent to US$3.90 billion and topped expectations of US$3.65 billion.
(Reporting by Muvija M and Sonam Rai in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
Samsung DeX already allows users to access a full Windows 10 desktop from their smartphones, and now the company is bringing Linux to the likes of the Galaxy S8.
The DeX is a compact docking station which you can hook up to a display, and along with a mouse and keyboard, it will soon be used to facilitate a full Linux desktop experience driven by your phone.
This is courtesy of the Linux on Galaxy app, which, as the name suggests, brings Linux to your mobile, allowing developers to work with whatever their favourite flavor of Linux distro happens to be right on their handset – with DeX further powering up the experience in allowing it to be realized on a large monitor screen.
At this point, the app is still being trialled, so this is something that's still in the pipeline right now. You can sign up here to be notified of when the project will be ready for public consumption.
Black Friday could see some tempting discounts on Samsung phones in the UK.
Black Friday US will likely have some great bargains, too.
And our readers Down Under won't miss out when Black Friday Australia comes round either.
Gaming glory
Samsung further boasted that DeX is taking strides on the gaming front, allowing some mobile games to be played in full-screen with a large display, again with mouse and keyboard control.
The firm noted that it has forged key partnerships with big-name game developers to enable the likes of Vainglory, Survival Arena, BombSquad and Lineage 2 Revolution to be brought into the DeX fold.
Via: CNXSoft
UN chief condemns attack
United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres on Sunday condemned the “despicable terrorist attack” in a nightclub in Istanbul, Turkey.
Guterres also extended his deepest condolences to the families of the victims and expressed solidarity with the government and people of Turkey and countries whose nationals were impacted by the incident.
He expressed the hope that the organizers and perpetrators of this “heinous act” would be identified and brought to justice swiftly.
Meanwhile, no Filipino was injured or killed in the shooting that left more than 30 people dead, the Department of Foreign Affairs said yesterday. (PNA and Xinhua)
Related
comments
Posted by Zac Jackson on January 2, 2017, 11:49 AM EST
The Rams have formally requested permission to interview both Bills offensive coordinator Anthony Lynn and Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan for their vacant head coaching position, ESPN's Adam Schefter reported Monday.
PFT reported Sunday night that the Rams would have interest in both Lynn and Shanahan, and both have also received interest from other teams.
Lynn is considered a strong candidate to stay with the Bills as their head coach. He served as the interim coach for the season finale and said after that game that his No. 1 choice would be to stay with the Bills.
The Jaguars plan to interview Shanahan, who will have through this weekend to interview with interested teams because the Falcons earned a first-round bye as the No. 2 seed in the AFC playoffs.
Schefter also reported that the Rams have sought permission to interview Patriots coordinators Josh McDaniels and Matt Patricia.
The Democratic Republic of Congo's electoral commission is expected to announce in the coming days that a vote to replace President Joseph Kabila cannot take place until the end of 2018 at the earliest, people familiar with the process said.
WASHINGTON: The Democratic Republic of Congo's electoral commission is expected to announce in the coming days that a vote to replace President Joseph Kabila cannot take place until the end of 2018 at the earliest, people familiar with the process said.
If confirmed, the decision could anger Congo's political opposition, which had struck a deal with Kabila for a ballot by the end of 2017.
Kabila's refusal to step down at the end of his second elected term in December 2016 sparked protests that killed dozens of people and raised fears that the chronically unstable country could slide back into civil war. Term limits preclude him from running again.
The independent commission believes it cannot complete preparations to ensure a secure, transparent election until December 2018, said the two sources from Congo, who spoke to Reuters in Washington on condition of anonymity ahead of an official announcement.
Even that 2018 date presumes that there will be significant domestic and international support for the election, which is expected to cost US$526 million to carry out, excluding expenses for registering voters.
Without sufficient support, preparations for the election could take even longer, pushing the vote to May or July of 2019, the first source said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
One of the big challenges is a lack of trust within Congo about the political process itself, the sources said. Securing international support for the new date will also be vital, since a global backlash could trigger more infighting in Congo.
"There is mistrust between actors, especially political actors," the first source said. "No one trusts nobody. And this mistrust is ... also even towards the electoral process."
For example, any U.S. decision to contest the new date could "put in motion contestations of the calendar and delay, again, the elections," the second source said.
Government spokesman Lambert Mende said the electoral commission was independent of the administration and had sole responsibility for setting the election calendar.
The stakes are high. Resource-rich Congo, which gained independence from colonial power Belgium in 1960, has never had a peaceful transition of power.
Kabila's opponents have long suspected he intends to repeatedly delay elections until he can organise a referendum to let himself stand for a third term, as his counterparts in the neighbouring Congo Republic and Rwanda have done.
Kabila denies those accusations, saying the election delays stemmed from budgetary constraints and the challenge of registering millions of voters. Congo is moving toward "credible, transparent and peaceful elections," he told the United Nations last month.
The first source also cited several hurdles to preparing for the next election, including completing a US$400 million effort to register Congo's 45 million voters and ensure that none of them can cast more than one ballot.
Some 42 million people have been registered so far.
CROWDED BALLOT
Once registration is complete, Congo's parliament must approve a law on distribution of parliamentary seats that will also be up for election. Then the country's hundreds of political parties need to nominate candidates for the posts, the first source said.
As a result, voters are likely to have to choose from tens of thousands of candidates for hundreds of parliamentary and provincial government seats on the presidential ballot.
Millions of newspaper-sized packets of ballot paper need to be printed, probably in China or South Africa, and distributed, the sources said.
Congo will need logistics support as well, including leased aircraft from the United Nations.
The nation must also guarantee security for voters, which is no small task.
In the central Congo Kasai provinces, an insurrection by the Kamuina Nsapu militia, which demands the withdrawal of Congolese forces from the area, has driven 1.4 million people from their homes and killed more than 3,000 since August 2016.
A rebel spokesman in eastern Congo said on Sept. 29 that his forces intended to march across the country to the capital Kinshasa to depose Kabila.
"No security, no election in that area," the first source said.
U.S. President Donald Trump said last month that the United States was deeply disturbed by violence in South Sudan and Democratic Republic of Congo and that he would send U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley to Africa to discuss conflict prevention.
Kabila took power in 2001 after the assassination of his father, Laurent Kabila, an ex-rebel who had forced out President Mobutu Sese Seko. Joseph Kabila won elections in 2006 and 2011, but both were marred by violence.
People are also restless over the state of the economy. Although it has big reserves of gold, cobalt, diamonds, tin and coltan, which is used in laptops and mobile phones, the vast country has been hit by the fall in global commodity prices.
(Reporting by Phil Stewart; additional reporting by Aaron Ross in Abidjan and Michelle Nichols at the United Nations; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Lisa Von Ahn)
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. – OK, a lot of years have passed since Rex Ryan's visiting New York Jets shocked Tom Brady and the New England Patriots, 28-21, in the 2009 AFC divisional playoffs.
As head coach of the Jets (2009-14) and Buffalo Bills (20015-16) in the AFC East, twice per season Ryan faced Brady, head coach Bill Belichick and their constantly shuffling array of assistant coaches and players.
In all, Ryan's teams won five of 15 against the Pats, and came close to winning a few other times. Ryan always was his team's chief defensive strategist.
In a phone interview this week before he arrived in the Twin Cities for Super Bowl LII, to serve as analyst on ESPN's pregame show (TSN2, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. EST), Ryan shared his views on how best to defend Brady, and how the Philadelphia Eagles are likely to fare in their attempt:
Q – Is it a matter of picking your poison against Brady – rushing three men and dropping eight into coverage, or blitzing to get to him quickly?
RYAN: “Philly has a tremendous front four. They're not going to need to blitz much, just because their front four is so good and they've got so much depth. One thing that happens is you can chase him around for a quarter or so, but then you get tired, most teams do. But Philly has so much depth that they're not gonna be tired. So the no-huddle, all that stuff that New England likes to do to tire you out, that won't work this game for the simple fact that they're not going to be able to tire the Eagles out. So I don't think that's going to be a factor that usually plays in New England's favour.”
Q – Do you believe a primary motivation for the Pats going hurry-up is to tire out the defence, rather than merely as an offensive catalyst?
RYAN: “That's definitely a big factor. The other thing they do is they want to limit you in what you do defensively. A lot of times, coordinators will go into base coverages and things like that when a team is no-huddling. It's almost a panic mode, because they don't want somebody out of position, and they don't think they have a way of getting the thing communicated … Another one is matchups. They're looking for matchups. And if it's man coverage, say you've got (Eagles linebacker) Nigel Bradham on the running back, OK? They're telling Brady it's man. So they get you to show your hand, defensively. That's another reason they do those simple shifts and motion. They can do it out of no-huddle, too. Teams will show their hand way too quickly. Then they'll get the play they want. With Brady, that's something they've always done.”
Q – What did you try to take away the most?
RYAN: “I approached them a lot differently than most teams do. I matched my corners on the outside. So (on defensive-back coverage assignments) I went outside in: corners, nickels, safeties. So corners on the outside receivers, nickels on the next inside receiver, safeties on the next inside. Whoever is outside – I don't care if it's Gronkowski, a running back, whoever – my corners were lined up outside on him. That gives the illusion of a zone coverage. There's no matchup. Everything looks like zone. That's kind of how I would play it. Most teams don't play it like that. They try to match (specific defenders on specific pass-catchers) if they're in man. And they give you a zone look when they're in zone. That just plays into Brady's hands. I would never give him that look. I would play him with two high safeties the whole game, but I would give him a front that looks like you can't run.”
Q – To make him throw it?!
RYAN: “I used to WANT Brady to throw the ball. I would make them one-dimensional based on my front, and I would make them throw the ball. I know that sounds crazy but that's exactly how I would challenge them … I make them one-dimensional, and they're going to throw. And now you get after them. You wanna play blitz? You wanna play loaded zones? Then that's what you do. Philadelphia is a very basic defence. However, Jim Schwartz has had two weeks to prepare so he's going to dial up some different things for Brady. There's no question about that. And you've got to. If not, then you might as well give the Patriots the Super Bowl trophy.”
Q – Does drop eight work?
RYAN: “You want to pressure him, too. You don't want to just sit back and say, well, we can't get there in time. Like you mentioned, it's hard to get there. You don't have to sack him, necessarily, but you've got to put some indecision in his head. You'd got to get him off his spot. In other words, you've got to make them delay. You try to take away his obvious throws to the obvious matchups. You take that away from him, but if you make him get off the spot, or reload, he becomes average. OK? Now, that's a helluva lot easier said than done, because he's a helluva student of the game, he's a phenomenal quarterback. When he's throwing on rhythm, you can forget it. You're not going to beat him. But if you can get him off his rhythm, then he ends up becoming just like everybody else.”
Q – Do you think the Patriots actually bank on a defensive line tiring out late in the game?
RYAN: “They're going to check your depth out. And they're waiting. You make a mistake and they're going to capitalize, that's how good they are. But absolutely. You don't win the game in the first quarter. You can lose the game in the first quarter, by making stupid-ass mistakes. But you're not going to win a game against New England early. You win the game in the fourth quarter. That's how they win their games. They feel you out. Eventually they know what you're in – then you're in trouble.
Q – Is it true Brady hates inside pass-rush pressure the most?
RYAN: “No quarterback likes to be hit, and no quarterback likes pressure inside. Now, the trick of it is finding ways to do it … Part of it with Philadelphia is they have Fletcher Cox inside, so that's huge. They're going to get pressure from the inside. As far as blitzing from the inside, Brady is great at stepping from away it.”
The Reds kick-off at 7.45pm this evening and will be looking to secure an advantage to take to the Stadio Olimpico next Wednesday.
Top scorer Mohamed Salah starts in attack against his former club, having left Roma for £37m last June.
He lines up alongside Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane with Liverpool's dynamic frontline set to put the pressure on Roma's defenders.
Ahead of the clash, Klopp said: "I make the pressure higher? I tell them it's the only chance you ever have in your life so use it. Would you love to hear that before a game?
"(It's) not a once-in-the-lifetime chance. I am already for the second time in the semi-finals and if I go, I will be the second time in the final. That's pretty rare."
Graphic and disturbing evidence in some court cases can take a toll on jurors, but they can now get help.
The bloody murders of three people at the Bolsa restaurant on New Year's Day 2009 was one of the most notorious gang killings in Calgary history, and one of the most graphic trials.
Jurors had to wade through mountains of gory evidence before Real Honorio pleaded guilty to killing an innocent bystander.
“You kind of find out the difference between what real violence looks like and what you see on TV,” said Travis Nelson, one of those jurors. “A lot of photographic evidence came into play.”
Those photos lingered on in Nelson's mind long after the trial was over, but none of the jurors was offered any long-term support.
That changed in 2015 when the province started offering free access to mental health services to jurors, something that may come into play in the Douglas Garland triple murder trial.
Jurors can get counselling for up to two months after the verdict, and can extend that even longer if needed. And it might be for some, with the trial featuring a steady stream of horrific evidence that sometimes brought people in the courtroom to tears.
Experts say support is critical when facing images and information this disturbing.
“It might take some time for them to recognize there's an impact or to recognize how severe that impact is on them, but we would encourage them to reach out before those impacts become too interfering with their day-to-day life,” said Jerilyn Dressler, Calgary Distress Centre.
While Albertans can benefit from the support program, people in other provinces can't, prompting one Toronto man to start a Facebook group demanding equal support across the country.
Mark Farrantsays he was diagnosed with PTSD a year after he was a juror on a first-degree murder trial in 2014.
“I was having vicious, routine flashbacks of the trial, I was seeing images from the trial, I was isolating myself from people,” he said.
The Distress Centre urges anyone in the community who has been following the Garland trial and may be feeling impacted by the evidence to reach out.
A target-driven culture in the NHS is contributing to high levels of staff sickness, a leading psychologist has warned.
Professor Jamie Hacker Hughes said the NHS in England must address the culture that has seen a huge increase in staff sickness rates due to tighter and tighter performance targets.
Prof Hacker Hughes, vice-president of the British Psychological Society (BPS), said the conditions staff are working under are making staff "uncaring towards our patients".
His editorial, published in the British Journal of Psychiatry, said employers have a "moral duty" to offer help to staff.
He said that in 2013/14 nearly 16,000,000 staff days were lost on account of staff sickness.
The piece also draws on information from an annual survey of wellbeing among the psychological therapies workforce, which found that self-reported depression was on the rise - with 46% reporting feelings of depression compared to 40% the previous year.
Half said they have "feelings of failure" and 70% said they felt stressed often or all of the time.
Meanwhile, the survey of 1,100 staff members, conducted by the BPS, found that 45% said they felt "pressure to meet targets all the time".
The editorial states: " There is a paradox at work in the health service.
"The National Health Service (NHS) wants to attract and, although in decreasing numbers, continues to attract staff who want to be employed in one of the caring professions.
"On the other hand, however, the conditions under which most of us now work are, instead, making us uncaring towards our patients and towards each other."
Professor Hacker Hughes, who works at Anglia Ruskin University, said: "We may not have the capacity to heal ourselves but we can do a lot more to keep ourselves psychologically and physically healthy and engaged and to stop ourselves from falling ill.
"Our employers, and those of us who are employers, have a moral duty to offer meaningful help.
"The internal market and the current target-driven culture are very much to blame for increasing levels of staff sickness and so organisations have a duty to ensure the psychological wellbeing of their staff and to prioritise this.
"In an ideal world, levels of psychological wellbeing amongst health provider workforces should be a key factor in commissioning and contract placement with health provider organisations."
Sussex Sharks would have travelled to sunny south London today in great heart after a moral boosting home win last Friday.
Indeed the NatWest T20 Blast table looked rosy with the team sitting in third place.
Unfortunately for the 2nd time in four days we had to leave the capitol with zero points. Unlike the game at Lords, where we lost in a photo, Surrey CCC were in no mood to give an inch.
Thanks to an Aaron Finch unbeaten ton they won at a canter.
Having won the toss Surrey built an inn of craft and entertainment in equal measures.
Jason Roy (50) and Finch completed the perfect power play scoring sixes at will. At 101 for 1 off 11 they were in the driving seat and wowing a big home support.
Beer and Jordan both bowled very well for the visitors only giving up 42 runs between them. But Surrey just kept finding more and in the 18th over Finch smashed 4 consecutive maximum's off David Weise.
The last of which came our way and was caught on the fly by a home supporter who apparently won £1000 in the bargain. They finished on 193 and as Shark you could only stand and applaud.
In response Chris Nash completed his 2nd half century in London but in truth none of the other visitors got involved. Perhaps the most positive aspect for the Hove team was that Archer and Jordan hit late runs which just might prove invaluable come late on Friday evening.
I would like to thank my wife Jan and best mate John for accompanying me to the Oval. Despite the result we had a nice afternoon in the sunny weather and in truth we witnessed on the best knocks of the current T20 competition.
We head back to our gorgeous 1st Central County Ground, Hove on Friday evening for the last of 14 group games against Essex. The South Group is so tight that Pythagoras himself wouldn't be able to work out all the permutations. Lets just say to qualify for the Quarter finals Sharks need to win and then prey to the gods. Six other teams are in much the same situation.
An illegal immigrant from Sierra Leone accused of killing his girlfriend has been further remanded in custody.
Appearing before Extension II Magistrates Court last Thursday, Aruna Sankoh is the main suspect in the murder of his 34-year-old lover, Omphile Matlhodi.
Omphile's lifeless body was found outside the house the couple were renting in Gaborone's Maru-a-pula location on the 15th of July.
It is alleged that Sankoh and his girlfriend had fought the night before.
Talking to The Voice outside court, the deceased's mother Emily Matlhodi, 54, claimed Sankoh was fond of violence and would regularly assault Omphile.
Emily revealed that the family had long advised Omphile to break up with Sankoh.
However the young woman was reluctant to leave her lover, as Emily explains, “She used to come here with bruises and after healing she goes back to that man's house. Surprisingly she never reported him to the police to open an assault case – she was always forgiving him because she said she loves him.”
To add to her grief, the heartbroken mother revealed she still did not know how her daughter died.
“Omphile was asthmatic which might be the cause of death but we are still waiting for postmortem results. Their neighbour told me the two had a heated argument at the bar and they fought when they arrived home,” she said sadly.
Earlier, the Investigating Officer, Detective Sub Inspector Seema pleaded with court to give police a month to complete their investigations.
“Our investigations show despite having a valid passport, which expires in 2021, Sankoh's permit has long expired in 2009 so he has been in Botswana illegally. We also have to find out if the accused has any criminal record.
“There is possibility that there can be additional charge of over staying. We are still waiting for the postmortem results from pathologists. As part of our investigations we have to take his finger prints and blood samples,” she said, promising court that by the next mention they would have made progress with their investigations.
When asked if he had anything to say, Sankoh replied that he was still a suspect and so did not want to say anything that might be used against him at a later stage.
Presiding over the case, Magistrate Ntombizodwa Ncube ordered the accused be remanded in custody and prosecution bring an update from Interpol in the next mention, scheduled for August 16.
The chaos erupted as Liverpool prepare to take on the Italians in the semi-final of the Champions League.
It comes after the Manchester City bus was attacked by Liverpool fans when they arrived at Anfield for the quarter-final.
Liverpool ran out 5-1 winners overall, and will take on Roma tonight in the first-leg of their tie.
One fan held up a banner reading: "Liverpool the cream of Europe."
VANCOUVER: "Deadpool" star Ryan Reynolds said on Monday that actors and crew were "heartbroken, shocked and devastated" at the death of a driver in a motorcycle stunt in Vancouver that went wrong.
"Today, we tragically lost a member of our crew while filming ‘Deadpool',” Reynolds, a native of Vancouver, said in a message on his social media platforms.
Vancouver police confirmed the death on Monday of the stuntwoman on the set of 20th Century Fox's superhero movie “Deadpool 2” but gave no further details and did not release her name.
Local media said the woman appeared to lose control of the motorbike, which drove off the set and through the window of a building across the street.
The film is a sequel to the 2016 R-rated comedy “Deadpool,” starring Reynolds as the foul-mouthed Marvel superhero Deadpool.
Movie studio 20th Century Fox, a unit of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc. , did not say whether production had been halted. Spokesman Dan Berger said the studio was "deeply saddened by the accident."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Reynolds said the cast and crew were "heartbroken, shocked and devastated... but recognise nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment. My heart pours out to them — along with each and every person she touched in this world.”
The "Deadpool 2" death came one month after a stuntman died on the Atlanta, Georgia set of AMC horror TV series "The Walking Dead." John Bernecker, 33, died after hitting his head during a stunt where he fell from a height of 20 feet to a concrete floor.
Separately, Tom Cruise, known for doing most of his own stunts, appeared to have been injured on the London set of his upcoming spy action movie "Mission: Impossible 6."
Video emerged on Monday on celebrity news website TMZ showing Cruise, 55, trying to jump onto the roof of a high-rise building and landing hard against its wall. Moments later Cruise, who was attached to a harness, limped off the set
Representatives for Cruise and movie studio Paramount Pictures did not respond to queries about the incident or the nature of the actor's injury.
(Reporting by Nicole Mordant in Vancouver and Piya Sinha-Roy in Los Angeles; Editing by Andrew Hay)
KUALA LUMPUR: Lawyers for Malaysian opposition figure Anwar Ibrahim have asked for Prime Minister Najib Razak to grant his immediate release from prison so that he can properly recover from shoulder surgery.
Anwar, 70, is due to be released in six months on good behaviour. He was sentenced to five years' jail for a 2014 sodomy conviction which he claimed was politically motivated.
His US legal advisor, Kimberley Motley, is in Kuala Lumpur to meet Anwar as well as to try to meet the deputy and prime ministers.
She told a media conference on Monday (Dec 11) that Najib was "so concerned he went to visit Anwar in the hospital" last month.
.@anwaribrahim's legal advisor from the US wants to meet with PM, DPM to lobby for his release, as well as Dr Mahathir to update him on Anwar's case. pic.twitter.com/5vWZOdQq2j — Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) December 11, 2017
"(Anwar has) been in prison for 34 months as a 70-year-old man who's in the hospital. He's in pain. He shouldn't be in the hospital. And he's kind of getting rehabilitation treatment but not the full treatment that he's entitled to," she said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I think since Prime Minister Najib was interested in seeing his medical condition when he went to visit him, it seems to me that he should continue to be invested in his medical condition ... He was interested then, he must be interested now."
Lawyers said the Malaysian government has the power to grant Anwar's release on medical grounds - although local laws would still prohibit his participation in politics for five years upon his release unless he is acquitted.
General elections are due to be held within months and releasing the charismatic leader early would allow him to participate in campaigning at the very least.
There are two pending legal appeals for his acquittal, failing which Anwar would have to rely on a royal pardon or government intervention to be released earlier than scheduled.
Nolan McGuire and Matt Christian each recorded three points and Troy Martyniuk stopped all 22 shots he faced as the Winkler Flyers blanked the Wayway Wolverines 5-0, Monday night at the MJHL Showcase in Winnipeg.
After dropping their last two games and scoring just three times in their last three games combined, the Orange and Black joined the rest of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League at the Bell/MTS Iceplex for the annual Showcase event. The event features all 11 teams in the league playing two regular season games in Winnipeg in front of scouts from a wide range of college and pro teams in the United States and Canada.
The Flyers were strong right from the start against Wayway and opened the scoring just before the game was five minutes old. Working the puck up top on the power-play, Mitch Dyck sent a pass to Nolan McGuire at the top of the left circle and the Winkler captain snapped home his 22nd of the season to put Winkler in front 1-0.
Then with 8:13 left in the first, McGuire and Matt Christian assisted on Will Blake's power-play goal to push the Flyers ahead but two goals. It was a great opening period by the Flyers as they carried their 2-0 lead into the second, while outshooting the Wolverines 14-4.
Wayway, who had won three of their last six games coming in, pushed back in the middle period but goaltender Troy Martyniuk helped the Flyers keep the momentum with a number of key saves in the period. Cole Kirkup scored Winkler's third goal just before the midway point of the period, carrying the puck out of the corner and beating Wayway goalie Isaac Labelle for his sixth of the year. Matt Christian and Jacob Lacasse assisted.
Winkler went back on the power-play later in the period and took a 4-0 lead thanks to some great puck movement in the offensive zone. Looking to set up a McGuire one-timer on the left wing, Matt Christian and Brady Pupp worked it over to the left slot where the Winkler native fired a slap shot into the net for his second of the game and league leading 23rd goal of the season.
The Flyers added to their lead late in the third when Lucas Barker took a pass from Jacob Lacasse and banged a shot off the inside of the far post and in to make the final 5-0 for Winkler. Weiland Parrish also assisted on Barker's second of the season.
Troy Martyniuk was in fine form in goal, making 22 saves while earning his league the best third shutout of the season. Winkler outshot Wayway 34-22 overall. The Flyers went 3-for-9 on the power-play and 5-for-5 on the penalty-kill.
The second place Flyers (22-10-0) will play their second game of the MJHL Showcase on Tuesday against the third place OCN Blizzard (20-11-2). Puck drop at Bell/MTS Iceplex is 6pm with the pregame show live on Country 88 and online at www.pembinavalleyonline.com getting underway at 5:55pm.
GREAT CANADIAN OIL CHANGE THREE STARS
1ST STAR – F NOLAN McGUIRE (WINKLER)
2ND STAR – F MATT CHRISTIAN (WINKLER)
3RD STAR – F JACOB LACASSE (WINKLER)
GAME STATS
As Samsung fans look forward to the official street launch of the new flagship devices, the Galaxy S8 and S8+, accessory makers are also rushing so that the new smartphone owners will be able to get them to be part of their purchase. OtterBox has made a name for itself by creating cases for most of the leading smartphones and tablets out there. For the two devices, they have come up with a full case lineup depending on the different consumer needs for protection for their brand-new smartphones.
If you want to have a stylish but tough way of protecting your device, you can get the Symmetry Series cases with its metallic finishes, bright colors, graphics, and clear options. For the protection part, it has a raised, beveled edge so in case you drop it, it has a buffer. For those that use their mobile devices while on the go (which is probably all of us), the Commuter Series has two layers of slim protection so you can slip it out of your pocket easily. It has a tough exterior shell and a shock-absorbing slipcover.
The Strada Series Folio is made up of genuine leather for those who prefer this material to protect their device. It also has a discrete wallet slot where you can put in your cards and cash. The Defender Series, from the name itself, is for those that are more into outdoorsy stuff and would like to have tougher than usual protection, with its rigid exterior shell, flexible interior, tough textured outer layer, and an open screen.
OtterBox is also offering the Alpha Glass screen protection which has an anti-shatter display protection which still retains the touchscreen sensitivity of your phone. This is compatible with all of the cases for the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+. All of these are now available on otterbox.com.
SOURCE: OtterBox
SYDNEY: The Tasmanian tiger was doomed long before humans began hunting the enigmatic marsupial, scientists said on Tuesday (Dec 12), with DNA sequencing showing it was in poor genetic health for thousands of years before its extinction.
Scientists genetically mapped the animal - also known as a thylacine - using the genome of a pup preserved more than a century ago in a jar.
The research revealed the creature began to undergo a decline in genetic diversity more than 70,000 years ago, leaving it less resilient to environmental change even before Aborigines are believed to have first inhabited the continent 65,000 years ago.
"Our hope is that there is a lot the thylacine can tell us about the genetic basis of extinction to help other species," said University of Melbourne biologist Andrew Pask, co-author of a study published in Nature Ecology and Evolution.
Pask added the research may eventually enable scientists to clone the Tasmanian tiger and bring it back from the dead.
"As this genome is one of the most complete for an extinct species, it is technically the first step to 'bringing the thylacine back', but we are still a long way off that possibility."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The animal was once widespread across Australia, but was wiped out on the mainland around 3,000 years ago, having likely succumbed to drought.
They survived in the southern island state of Tasmania until 1936 when the last known one died in captivity at Hobart Zoo after the species was hunted to extinction in the wild.
Scientists found the genetics of the animal to be more closely related to fellow Australian marsupial the Tasmanian devil than the dog-like dingo with whom it shared many physical features.
The physical likeness of the two animals is among the best examples of what scientists call "convergent evolution", whereby animals distantly related evolve to look similar as they adapt to the same environment.
In the case of the tiger and dingo, their head and body developed similarly due to their meat-eating hunting techniques, even though the marsupials' ancestry diverged genetically from the dog-like animals known as canids about 160 million years ago.
"And when we looked at the basis for this convergent evolution, we found that it wasn't actually the genes themselves that produced the same skull and body shape, but the control regions around them that turn genes 'on and off' at different stages of growth," Pask added.
"This reveals a whole new understanding of the process of evolution. We can now explore these regions of the genome to help understand how two species converge on the same appearance, and how the process of evolution works."
TOKYO: Asian stocks rose early on Wednesday as Wall Street set record highs overnight after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen spoke in support of an interest rate hike next month, while the dollar hovered near three-week highs.
Yellen said on Tuesday that the Fed will probably need to raise interest rates at an upcoming meeting in March, and that delaying rate increases could leave the Fed's policymaking committee behind the curve.
Yellen's comments boosted U.S. bank stocks, helping push Wall Street indexes to record highs overnight.
The rise in U.S. stocks nudged MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan to a 19-month high. The index was up 0.3 percent early on Wednesday.
"Fundamentally, the U.S. banks are simply being used as a vehicle to express reflation and 'Trumponomics'," wrote Chris Weston, chief market strategist at IG in Melbourne.
"Although last night really belonged to Janet Yellen whose prepared comments that waiting too long to tighten would be 'unwise' and a further review its policy stance will take place at its upcoming meetings."
Japan's Nikkei added 1 percent and Australian stocks rose 0.9 percent.
In currencies, the dollar index against a basket of major currencies stood at 101.230 , near a three-week high of 101.380 scaled overnight as investors reassessed the possibility of the Fed hiking interest three times this year following Yellen's comments.
U.S. interest rate futures implied traders saw about a 41 percent chance of at least three rate increases in 2017, up from a 33 percent chance on Monday, CME Group's FedWatch program showed.
The greenback was a shade higher at 114.370 yen after gaining about 0.5 percent the previous day, when it rose to a two-week high of 114.500. The euro was steady at US$1.0576 after slipping to a one-month trough of US$1.0561 overnight.
The dollar was supported as U.S. Treasury yields rose on the Fed Chair's comments, with the benchmark 10-year note yield climbing about four basis points to an 11-day high the previous day.
The stronger dollar, which puts non-U.S. buyers of dollar-denominated commodities at a disadvantage, weighed on crude oil prices.
U.S. crude was down 0.3 percent at US$53.07 a barrel. Crude already came under pressure the previous day on evidence of surging U.S. stockpiles.
Spot gold was little changed at US$1,228.00 an ounce after paring its gains the previous day on a firmer dollar.
(Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro; Editng by Eric Meijer)
The Commission on Audit has ordered the liable officials of the Department of Public Works and Highways' Central Visayas office to return P43.95-million paid to the contractor of street lights in Cebu City and Mandaue City without bidding.
In a two-page decision, the CoA affirmed the disallowance of the partial payment already made to GAMPIK Construction and Development, Inc., ruling the street lighting project illegal for not going through public bidding.
It also directed the CoA Prosecution and Litigation Office to refer the case to the Office of the Ombudsman for possible charges “against the persons responsible for the procurement in violation of existing laws, rules and regulations.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The DPWH regional office skipped public bidding and entered into the contracts on September 2006 in preparation for the fast-approaching Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Summit in January 2007. The total cost of the contracts was P54.94 million.
Although officials cited the lack of time in foregoing public bidding, the CoA said it still did not justify the resort to negotiated procurement. The mode, it said, is allowed only in times of emergencies where there is imminent danger.
“The hosting of the ASEAN Summit is not a disaster. Since there is no calamity at the time the projects were implemented, there is no danger to speak of,” the decision read.
The CoA also cited noncompliance with the requirement to post the notice of negotiated contracts at the Government Electronic Procurement System (G-EPS) website./Inquirer.net Vince Nonato
UCEED 2018 First Allotment List for B.Design Admissions to IIT Bombay, IIT Guwahati and IIITDM Jabalpur has been released on its official website – www.uceed.iitb.ac.in The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Bombay had organized UCEED 2018 for candidates seeking admissions to Bachelor of Design programmes in IIT Bombay, IIT Guwahati and IIITDM Jabalpur.As per the first allotment list, the opening rank in open category for IIT Bombay is 1 and closing rank is 16, 17 to 53 for IIT Guwahati and 32 to 75 for IIITDM Jabalpur.Candidates can refer to the official release to know opening and closing ranks for other categories.Candidates awaiting UCEED 2018 First Allotment List for B.Design Admissions can follow the instructions below and download their status now:How to check UCEED 2018 First Allotment List for B.Design Admissions?– Visit the official website - http://www.uceed.iitb.ac.in/ – Click on Click here to download given under today's date i.e. July 4 2018– CTRL+F with your UCEED Roll Number and enter– Download the pdf and save itDirect Link - http://www.uceed.iitb.ac.in/downloads/1st_allotment_list_04July2018.pdf Candidates who have made it to the first list will be emailed their provisional allotment letter at registered email addresses.The selected candidates need to freeze or float their allotted seats from 4th to 8th July 2018, 11:55 PM.Candidates need to login to their candidate profiles to administer freeze/float options. The second list of seat allotment will be released on 11th July 2018.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
It's a refrain we all hear every year around September: “I swear, whenever they release a new iPhone, Apple makes all the old ones run worse to make you upgrade.” But thousands of performance tests conducted over the years by Futuremark users show that the conspiracy is mostly in your mind.
If you don't know Futuremark, it's the company behind the benchmark software 3DMark (among others), which for years has been a standby for testing how devices from gaming PCs to phones perform.
3DMark has the device render demanding 3D scenes that stress different parts of the hardware, and tracks how quickly it calculates, how many frames per second it renders and so on. At the end, it combines all those metrics into a single score that's easy to compare between devices or cards.
In the case of the iPhone (for which 3DMark is a free download if you'd like to try it), power users and reviewers run it (and other benchmarks like it) to see whether updates or apps affect their device's performance. Futuremark stores those scores for comparisons like the one released today.
Futuremark's analysts aggregated the last couple years of scores for the iPhone 5s, 6, 6s and 7, to see whether it was true that iOS releases or new iPhones tended to coincide with (or trigger) drops in performance.
It's clear from the data that phones don't seem to degrade in any significant way over time; some do see performance hits with some OS versions, but others see gains. Even the 5s, quite long in the tooth at this point, is only a tiny bit slower than it was a year and a half and two major iOS versions ago.
That said, people may still be perceiving real slowdown, nor can synthetic benchmarks reliably capture things like little delays or input lag that add up to a slow-feeling phone without affecting its pure performance score.
One culprit could be apps themselves; one does tend to install more over time, of course, resulting in more background processes and network calls, less free space and so on. The apps themselves may also be poorly optimized for new iOS versions when they come out, or iOS could include improvements for newer phones that just don't apply to older ones — so your friend's 6s speeds up while your 6 doesn't. (Planned obsolescence, after all, is a conspiracy we've all known about for decades.)
So while the performance hit may not be totally phantasmal, it seems pretty clear that Apple isn't sabotaging your device to make you upgrade. And really, the desire to have the latest model is something Apple users don't need any help with.
Hopefully that puts an end to these unfounded theories… at least, until next year.
SEOUL: South Korea will downgrade its bird flu alert level by one notch from the highest level starting from Wednesday as no new cases have been reported for about two weeks, the country's agriculture ministry said on Tuesday.
South Korea has been grappling with its worst-ever bird flu epidemic since the first case was confirmed in November, prompting the country to cull over 37 million farm birds, or more than a fifth of its total poultry population.
The Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural affairs said in a statement that bird flu is likely to abate, with no new cases found since April 4.
The ministry said it will keep disinfecting farms and stay vigilant until the country becomes bird flu-free.
(Reporting By Jane Chung; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
Phillips Oduoza, former group managing director of the United Bank for Africa (UBA), has launched Nova Merchant Bank.
A merchant bank is a financial institution that focuses more on investments, loans, asset management, mergers, acquisition and even advisory services to its customers.
Nova, Nigeria's fifth merchant bank, officially began operations on Thursday, February 1 at its headquarters in Lagos.
“Banking is changing globally with the emergence of new entrants and the infusion of non-traditional business models leveraging advances in technology,” said Oduoza, who is an independent director at the Development Bank of Nigeria.
“We believe Nigeria should not be left behind. Therefore, NOVA is here to bring a new experience in the banking industry. That was why we selected the name, NOVA, which means new. We want to do new things.
“The major international financial institutions involved in investment banking are doing very well. Today, we do not have any of such institutions in Nigeria and this is the space NOVA plans to occupy.”
Aliko Dangote, chief executive officer of Dangote Group who declared Nova open for business, commended the promoter of the bank and expressed his confidence in the quality of the board of directors of the bank and the senior management team.
Patna: The Aam Aadmi Party on Saturday said it would launch a "massive agitation" against the Nitish Kumar government in Bihar next month over issues of health, education and corruption.
"The state has, in recent past, witnessed a number of scams like Srijan, irregularities in construction of toilets, disbursement of scholarships, etc. We will launch a massive agitation against these in March," AAP Rajya Sabha member and the party in-charge for Bihar, Sanjay Singh told reporters.
Singh said AAP held a review meeting of the party's organisation in the state, and representatives from all districts have submitted their reports.
"We have told our workers that Bihar is a land where revolutions have taken place and they should brace for a fight which would dislodge the NDA from power in Bihar, and help us form our own government like we did in Delhi," he said.
AAP founder and Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal is known to have good relations with Kumar. He had taken part in the swearing-in ceremony of Kumar in 2015, inviting criticism from former party colleagues.
However, political equations between Kumar and Kejriwal appear to have changed in the wake of the former allying with the BJP and AAP indulging in frequent spats with the NDA government at the Centre.
The AAP leader also berated the Union budget presented by finance minister Arun Jaitley earlier this week.
(CNN) – Tinder's parent company Match Group (MTCH) is suing competitor Bumble, accusing the female-friendly dating app of patent infringement and stealing trade secrets.
The lawsuit, filed Friday in Texas, says Bumble is virtually identical to Tinder, the app that popularized the swipe right to like, swipe left to dislike functionality.
Bumble copied the “world-changing, card swipe-based, mutual opt-in premise” of Tinder, the lawsuit says.
The complaint also says that Bumble's co-creators are ex-Tinder employees, and the app has rolled out two new features that were “learned of and developed confidentially while at Tinder.”
Bumble has become a fierce competitor to Tinder since it launched in 2014. Bumble's differentiating factor is that only women can make the first move. But Match confirmed last month it plans to launch that feature in its own app.
In the complaint, Match says it “applauds Bumble's efforts at empowering women, both in its app and offline” and “cares deeply both about its women users and about women's issues generally.”
“This case is simply about forcing Bumble to stop competing with Match and Tinder using Match's own inventions, patented designs, trademarks, and trade secrets,” it says.
The lawsuit is the first time that Match Group, which also owns dating sites Plenty of Fish and Match.com, has enforced the patents it secured on swiping and double opt-ins for dating matches on Tinder, according to a company spokesperson.
Tinder and Bumble have had a complicated history.
Bumble was launched by Whitney Wolfe Herd, an early employee at Tinder.
Wolfe Herd left Tinder in 2014 after alleging sexual harassment and discrimination. The case was eventually settled. Ex-Tinder employees Chris Gulczynski and Sarah Mick joined Herd to start Bumble more than three years ago. Gulczynski and Mick, who are designers, are at the center of the stolen secret allegations in the suit.
The two had knowledge of an “undo” button talked about at Tinder, according to the complaint. That feature was “nearly, if not literally, identical” to Bumble's backtrack feature, the lawsuit says. The backtrack feature allows users to go back in time to “like” someone they may have accidentally passed on.
Gulczynski and Mick also helped implement photo messaging at Bumble, something Gulczynski had allegedly mocked up a design for while at Tinder.
In a statement, a Match Group spokesperson said the company is “committed to protecting the intellectual property and proprietary data that defines our business,”
Bumble did not immediately respond to request for comment. According to the Linkedin accounts for Gulczynski and Mick, both have left Bumble. They did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment about the lawsuit.
Axios was first to report that Match Group had filed the suit.
Related: Tinder to introduce feature for women to message first
It's been widely reported that Bumble once turned down a buyout offer from Match Group. Match Group was reportedly still interested in Bumble's business as recently as November of last year.
Match Group said it doesn't comment on mergers and acquisitions speculation.
In an interview with journalist Gayle King at the SXSW festival last week, Wolfe Herd declined to talk about any conversations — past or present — with Match Group, the parent company of Tinder.
WHAT A BIG HEART SHE IS SO SWEET & CUTE 💋 Queen Ash Stunning In Melbourne I Love Her ! 😍 💕🔥 (@aishwaryarai_arabfc) . . #AishwaryaRai #AishwaryaRaiBachchan #WomanWithClass #WomanWithStyle #Fashion #Style #India #Bollywood #MakeUp #Beauty #Paris #Look #Hair #Mode #Photography #Instapic #Instagram #France #MissUniverse #MissWorld #IrisMittenaere #PiaWurtzbach #Oscars #TheAcademy
A post shared by ASHH 💕 LOOVE (@ashhloove) on Aug 13, 2017 at 12:39pm PDT
Broken down, revenues at its Aerospace, Defence and Energy (ADE) division climbed 5% to £94m. Although income connected to civil aerospace was impacted by lower demand in France, overall…
At £234m, group revenue was 7% higher (or 10% at constant currency) year-on-year over the four months to the end of April.
With the company's share price hitting record highs, should investors pile in and ride the momentum ?
Stock in thermal processing services provider Bodycote (LSE: BOY) rose a very healthy 8% in trading this morning as investors lapped up the latest trading update from the FTSE 250 constituent.
I would like to receive emails from you about product information and offers from The Fool and its business partners. Each of these emails will provide a link to unsubscribe from future emails. More information about how The Fool collects, stores, and handles personal data is available in its Privacy Statement.
Already a subscriber to our paid services (e.g. Share Advisor, Pro, Hidden Winners)? Please login here .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Stock in thermal processing services provider Bodycote (LSE: BOY) rose a very healthy 8% in trading this morning as investors lapped up the latest trading update from the FTSE 250 constituent.
With the company's share price hitting record highs, should investors pile in and ride the momentum?
Expectations-beating
At £234m, group revenue was 7% higher (or 10% at constant currency) year-on-year over the four months to the end of April.
Broken down, revenues at its Aerospace, Defence and Energy (ADE) division climbed 5% to £94m. Although income connected to civil aerospace was impacted by lower demand in France, overall growth of energy revenues hit 24% over the reporting period (thanks to a strong performance in North America).
Elsewhere, Bodycote's other arm — Automotive and General Industrial (AGI) — saw a 9% increase to £149m with car and light truck revenues rising 8%, partly thanks to “strong growth in Emerging Markets“.
Pleasingly, the £1.8bn cap's balance sheet continues to look robust with a net cash position of £45m at the end of the reporting period — £5m higher than at the end of the last calendar year. While its growth credentials mean that it's unlikely to be a priority investment for income seekers, confirmation that management had approved a 25p per share special dividend in addition to the final payout of 12.1p per share will no doubt be welcomed by its owners.
Looking ahead, Bodycote believes full-year revenue will now come in higher than expected and that operating profit will slightly exceed analyst predictions.
At 18 times earnings before today, however, its stock was already looking pricey relative to industry peers. So, while today's positive numbers suggest that investors should expect to pay a premium, I'd be tempted to wait for a likely period of profit-taking to subside before moving in.
Is the recovery on?
Another riser today was banknote designer and manufacturer De La Rue (LSE: DLAR) — a company which made headlines earlier in the year after losing the tender to produce the new, post-Brexit blue passports to Franco-Dutch competitor Gemalto.
Having grown accustomed to profit warnings, investors appeared relieved with the mid-cap's latest set of full-year numbers.
In the 12 months to the end of March, group revenue rose 7% to slightly below £494m. As expected, adjusted operating profit fell (by 11% to £62.8m), although this rose 7% when its now-sold paper business is excluded from calculations.
De La Rue's goal to evolve into “a less capital-intensive, more technology-led business” appears to be going well with CEO Martin Sutherland stating that its non-printing divisions — focusing on areas such as security, product authentication and traceability — now contribute more than a third of total revenue and over 50% of operating profit.
News that net debt had reduced by £71m to just under £50m was also cheered. It was the lowest for five years and was thanks to the Basingstoke-based business receiving £60.3m cash from the aforementioned sale.
With the full-year dividend unchanged at 25p, the 12-month order book 6% up (to £363m) on the previous year, new strategic partnerships, and increased R&D investment, I wouldn't be surprised if value hunters and contrarians were to begin reassessing the company.
At 12 times forecast earnings for the new financial year and continuing to register excellent returns on the capital it employs, today might just mark the beginning of a sustained recovery for De La Rue.
For conniving and inserting ghost names into the pension payroll of the Pension Transitional Arrangement Directorate (PTAD) and causing the agency to pay the sum of N586, 004.38 to a non-pensioner, Mr. Saliu Oba Amao, a Bauchi State High Court has sentenced Soyemi Lateef to nine years imprisonment without an option of fine.
Similarly, the court also slammed nine years jail sentence on Saliu Oba Amao for providing fake bank details in the name of Ishaku Dass to the PTAD for the purpose of paying him undeserving pension benefits.
Lateef, an Administration Officer with the Bauchi State Police Pension Office, was charged alongside his accomplice, Amao, before Justice S. H. Suleiman of Bauchi State High Court 7, by the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC).
The Commission, in a 6-count charge, told the court that the convicts conspired to steal pension money between November and December 2013, when Lateef inserted Amao's name as Ishaku Dass on the list of retirees meant to be paid by PTAD in return for an undisclosed favour, an action that contravened Section 25 (1) (a) of the Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Act, 2000 and punishable under Section 25 (1) (b) of the same act.
Part of the charge sheet reads, “That you Soyemi Lateef sometime between November and December, 2013, while serving as Admin Officer at the Bauchi State Police Pension Office, did make false statement with the intent to mislead PTAD to pay the sum of N586, 004.38 pension to Saliu Oba Amao when you inserted in the list of retirees the bank details which one Saliu Oba Amao opened in the name of one Ishaku Dass, in order to repay him for a favour earlier done to you and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 25 (1) (a) and punishable under Section 25 (1) (b) of Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Act, 2000.
Counsel to Lateef and Amao pleaded with the court to show them mercy on the grounds that they were first-time offenders and had cooperated fully with the prosecution.
Justice Suleiman, in his judgement, found them guilty on all the counts and therefore sentenced them to one year and six months on each count which will run concurrently without an option of fine.
STEPHANIE Davis has been spotted getting close to American Playboy Calum Best.
SNAPCHAT / STEPHANIE DAVIS BLOSSOMING ROMANCE? This is the picture that sent the rumour mill into overdrive earlier today
The former Hollyoaks star is currently filming a TV pilot at the Holistic Bootcamp in Puerto Banus, Marbella, where she is joined by former TOWIE star Dan Osborne, Love Island's Gabby Allen, and Calum Best. And Steph appeared to be getting on exceptionally well with American TV personality Calum, as she took to social media to share a sweet snap of the pair sitting on a yacht together. The single mum-of-one captioned the joyful picture with: "My chicken feeling great," alongside a love heart emoji.
INSTAGRAM /stephaniedavis88 RETREATING: Steoh appears to be enjoying her time at the retreat
Stephanie Davis flaunts hot body Former Hollyoaks babe Stephanie Davis shows off her amazing body on the beach 1 / 82
In a second snap, Steph showed Calum seemingly doing his best James Bond impression as he walked out of a swimming pool. She captioned the image: "Yeah, this is for the girls, I know you will appreciate this as much as me," followed by a laughing emoji. She continued: "He's a dream. How fit is my husband?" Naturally fans of the pretty brunette were quick to speculate over whether romance was blossoming between her and the tatted hunk.
INSTAGRAM / stephaniedavis88 LIVING OUR BEST LIVES: The former actress looks to be having a whale of the time in Marbella
However, Calum was quick to deny the rumours today. Speaking to Goss.ie, he said: "I can confirm that's a no.” Despite the lack of romance, Steph is no doubt enjoying her time at the fitness retreat, having ended her turbulent relationship with ex boyfriend and father of her son, Jeremy McConnell, late last year.
A look at the previous love interests of Calum Best Here we take a look back at the stunning ex's of Calum Best 1 / 26
INSTAGRAM / stephaniedavis88 FUN FRIENDS & FITNESS: Steph is joined by former TOWIE star Dan Osborne, amongst others
Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more.
Buy one, get one free Aerie bikinis, Pop Chart Lab's sitewide sale, Sam Edelman at Nordstrom Rack, and more lead Tuesday's best lifestyle deals.
Bookmark Kinja Deals and follow us on Twitter to never miss a deal.
BEAUTY STEAls
Graphic: Jillian Lucas
Ole Henriksen, in my opinion, is the gold standard of easy skin care. Out of all the non-drugstore brands, I own and use the most Ole Henriksen products (including their Truth Serum, C-Rush Brightening Crème, and Sheer Transformation). And with 20% off everything, no code needed, you can stock up on your favorite products, or try something new.
The Big Sales
Graphic: Jillian Lucas
One of this biggest problems with buying bikinis, besides finding the right size, is having to buy two separate things. Even with affordable swimsuits, you wind up spending $50+ on two small pieces of fabric. Aerie wants to help you out by doing a buy one, get one free sale on all their bikinis. Mix and match, get a set, the world is your affordable oyster.
Graphic: Jillian Lucas
Spring is finally upon us, and if you've been putting off going to the gym because the weather's bad, time to give up. It's getting nicer and nicer each day, and PUMA is having a massive Private Sale with up to 75% off over 1,200 items. Let's just say your wardrobe will look like it's ready to hit the gym, even if you aren't.
Graphic: Jillian Lucas
J.Crew Factory's classic extra discounts are back. Use the code 24HOURS at checkout and grab an extra 50% off everything, including sale items. There's a ton to look at, especially if you're in the mood to throw your winter coats and sweaters into storage ASAP.
Graphic: Jillian Lucas
Alternative Apparel is one of those brands that is perfect for sustainable, green-made basics. if only it were a few bucks cheaper, but it is expensive for good reason. Well, right now you can grab a bunch of organic and “clean living” styles for 30% off with the code CLEAN30. Stock up on basics while saving the planet (and some money).
Graphic: Jillian Lucas
Need a new pair of shoes? Nordstrom Rack is marking down three pages worth of Sam Edelman boots, heels, sneakers, and sandals to much easier-to-swallow prices. Basically, if you're looking to put something nice on your feet, they have something for you.
Graphic: Jillian Lucas
The weather is actually pretty nice right now, and Mountain Hardwear has the apparel and gear for you to enjoy it. Take up to 65% off a bunch of jackets, pants, and more from their Web Specials section. Use the code MAY65 and checkout to get the discount. Go climb a mountain or hike a trail. Or just look like you do those things while walking the dog.
Graphic: Jillian Lucas
The days are moving more and more towards the correct temperatures for the season that we're in. That means you can start wearing materials that work for the warmer weather, like linen. Pick up a couple linen shirts from Uniqlo for only $20 each for both men and women, so you can pull beach vibes every day even when you're sitting at your desk.
Graphic: Jillian Lucas
May the Fourth isn't actually here for another week and a half, but ThinkGeek is cashing in on the impending Star Wars frenzy. They're taking up to 80% off four pages worth of merchandise. Everything from t-shirts and socks to animatronic Porgs. There's even a freakin' R2-D2 french press.
Graphic: Jillian Lucas
Rebecca Taylor makes some really beautiful pieces, but the price tags are just...not ideal. Well, right now Nordstrom Rack has chopped those prices by up to 60% off, with three pages of options of dresses, tops, jeans, and more.
Home Goods
Graphic: Jillian Lucas
There's always that one person in your life that has nothing on their walls. Add some awesome to someone's life, or upgrade your own bare walls with rad prints during this 30% off sitewide at Pop Chart Lab. Check out their newest prints, like Every Emjoi Ever and Marvel Origins: A Sequential Compendium. Enter the code CHARTWEATHER at checkout to see your discount.
Graphic: Shep McAllister
Attention, everyone. The best Instant Pots you can buy are on sale, if you hurry. You should buy one.
The Instant Pot Ultra features a completely revamped, dial-based UI that makes fine-tuned adjustments faster and easier than the older models. A new processor allows it to compensate for altitude and carry out completely custom programs, and it also has a few modes you won't find on the standard Instant Pots, like cake, eggs, and sterilize. For a limited time, both the 6 qt. and 8 qt. versions are on sale for $20 off. That's the best deal of the year on the smaller model, and the first discount we've ever seen on the large one.
If you're worried that you won't get a ton of use out of this thing, note that in addition to speedy pressure cooking, this is also our readers' favorite slow cooker, and one of their favorite rice cookers too. Basically, it's one of the most versatile kitchen gadgets you can own.
These Are the Best Rice Cookers There were a ton of nominations in this week's hunt for the best rice cooker, but two stood out… Read more Read
Every so often, we see deals on individual Waste King garbage disposal models, and our readers always buy a ton of them. Today though, you've got two different choices in Amazon's Gold Box.
Advertisement
The main difference between the models is the speed and strength of the motor. You can get 1/3 horsepower for $45 or a full horsepower for $91, both the best prices of the year. These deals are only available today, so get your order in before they're all gobbled up.
Even (or perhaps, especially) in the age of laptops and tablets, many people prefer the tactile experience of jotting down notes with an actual pen and paper, and the most tactile experience of all comes from the Ghost Paper Notebook.
Rather than simply printing lines on the sheet to keep your letters straight, Ghost Paper's lines are very slightly embossed, giving your pen an actual base from which to start each character. Shane tried one of these out earlier this year and loved it, and you can get your own notebook for $5 off today with promo code KINJA501. If you need a unique Mother's Day gift idea, this could definitely fit the bill.
Ghost Paper also comes in stationery form now, and you can get a set for just $10. That's half the usual price, and the discount is due to a defect on the cartons that hold the paper and envelopes, though those are in perfect condition, which is all that really matters. Just add it to your cart, and you'll see the discount at checkout.
Graphic: Erica Offutt
Kitchen appliances can take up way too much of your kitchen storage space. Consolidate your blender, food processor, and sprializer into one machine with this $95 Ninja Kitchen System.
Advertisement
Our readers voted a Ninja blender as their favorite blender, so you don't have to worry about this not getting the job done. On top of the larger pitcher, it even comes with a personal smoothie cup for drinks on-the-go. The food processor work bowl can handle up to 3.5 cups of pureeing, mixing, chopping, and more. And, you'll get three discs for the spiralizer to make spaghetti, fettuccine, and ribbon noodles out of the vegetables of your choice.
This machine normally sells for closer to $175, and today's price is a good $50 less than the previous historic low, so grab one before they're gone.
Preorder Yao Stone | $14 | Kickstarter
If you've grown tired of your fidget spinners and fidget cubes, Yao Stone might be your hand's newest obsession.
Advertisement
Yao Stone is basically a smooth worry stone that feels nice in the hand, and a 3x3 array of magnets embedded inside let you click or spin a magnetic disc around on the surface. You can even reverse the polarity of the disc by flipping it over, resulting in a different level of resistance.
They sent me one to try out, and while the flesh-colored plastic is a little off-putting, and I'm worried that I may eventually lose the disc, I've barely been able to put the thing down. Fortunately, it comes in a variety of colors.
You can preorder a Yao Stone for $14 on Kickstarter, though with just over two weeks left in the campaign, there's a pretty good chance this one will fall short. I really do like the thing though, and if you enjoy fidget toys, you probably will too.
Photo: Amazon
If you're traveling abroad, you unfortunately have to throw your minimalist, front pocket wallet to the wind. But this Zero Grid RFID-protected passport wallet is just large enough to hold that oversized passport (and not a centimeter bigger), as well as cash and up to 10 credit cards. Get it for $22 today with promo code VYYAK63T.
TECh
Photo: Amazon
Even if you already have some Bluetooth headphones that you like, it's not a bad idea to grab a spare set to keep in a gym bag or suitcase that you can use in a pinch. These Aukey Latitudes are the current Wirecutter runner-up pick for best cheap Bluetooth headphones, and include three EQ modes that you can toggle at the touch of a button.
Advertisement
For a limited time, promo code KINJAE40 will take the blue and red model down to $18.
Two students from Albany, Daniel Boils and Matthew Griffin, have been named to the Dean's List at Berea College for the Spring, 2018 semester.
More than 365 Berea College students were named to the Spring 2018 Dean's List.
A student is named to the Dean's List who achieves a GPA of 3.4 or higher while passing at least four total credits, a course load equivalent to 16 semester hours.
The guys argue about the differences between JAY-Z and Nas' investment strategies and the future of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin.
Subscribe via iTunes.
Also On Magic 95.9:
An Algerian court has sentenced a Liberian to death “for spying for Israel,” the Algeria Press Service reported on Tuesday.
The case was heard by the Ghardaia Court, 600 km south of the capital Algiers, where six other individuals of different sub-Saharan nationalities were sentenced to 10 years in prison with fines of up to 20 million Algerian dinars (26,000 dollars).
The defendants were charged with spying, conspiracy to seriously undermine Algeria's security, and glorifying terrorism.
“They pleaded not guilty, claiming that they entered Algeria to reach Europe,'' the report said.
The seven people were arrested in January 2016 by security services in downtown Ghardaia amid violent sectarian strife in the region.
DUBLIN: The agent at the centre of an alleged scheme to illegally pass Ireland's tickets for the 2016 Rio Olympics to touts was "not genuine" and was used to hide the involvement of banned ticket reseller THG, a Irish government report said on Monday.
The Olympic movement was rocked during the Rio Games when Europe's top official, head of the Olympic Council of Ireland (OCI) Patrick Hickey, was arrested in a dawn raid on a luxury beachfront hotel by police investigating the alleged scheme.
Police in Brazil accuse Hickey of operating the ring with Dublin-based PRO10 Sports Management to funnel tickets intended for use by the Irish Olympic committee, and not authorised for resale, to international sports hospitality company THG Sports.
Hickey was released on bail in December. All involved deny wrongdoing.
A report commissioned by the Irish government in the wake of the scandal said on Monday it believed that PRO10 was effectively a front for THG, which had been banned by the organisers of the Rio Games.
"It appears that Pro10 was not a genuine Authorised Ticket Reseller (ATR) but its involvement disguised the continuing role of THG and Marcus Evans as the real or de facto ATR," Judge Carroll Moran said in the report.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Evans is a British businessman whose namesake company controls THG.
The report cites Hickey's personal assistant Linda O'Reilly, as saying it "would appear that PRO10 was effectively a front or cover to allow Marcus Evans and THG to remain in the picture."
THG said in a statement it was satisfied that, at all times, it had "acted lawfully in connection with the Rio Olympics, or any Olympics," but declined further comment.
Hickey, 72, said in a statement he had received legal advice not to cooperate with the report in order to avoid prejudicing himself in relation to the criminal investigation in Brazil, but said the report contained "significant inaccuracies."
He added that he was "totally confident" he would be cleared of all charges.
Hickey's replacement as OCI president, Sarah Keane, told journalists the report "did not make easy reading" but that it neither confirmed nor refuted the possibility that criminal activity took place.
THG REJECTED
THG had been Ireland's official reseller of tickets for the Olympics in London in 2012 and at Sochi in 2014.
But the Rio Organising Committee rejected the application of THG to act as reseller for the 2016 Summer Games, saying the fact it was already offering hospitality packages in Brazil breached its rules.
Police last year said they had uncovered emails between Hickey and Evans in which the pair discussed tickets, which police said the ring planned to sell at inflated prices and earn as much as 10 million reais (2.42 million pounds) in profit.
Reuters could not independently verify the authenticity of the emails.
Monday's report noted that THG paid US$1 million (771,247.88 pounds) to be appointed as Ireland's ticket reseller for the Olympic Games in London in 2012 and at Sochi in 2014 "without an explanation being given at the time as to how it would recoup this sum or earn a return on such a large outlay."
The report was highly critical of the service provided by PRO10, particularly to the friends and family of athletes, saying it was "inadequate and chaotic" and that PRO10's services were "unfit for purpose".
The judge said the refusal of THG, PRO10 and Hickey to participate in the preparation of the report was a "major impediment" to its work.
On Monday, the OCI's Keane said a contract was signed with THG to retain its services until the 2026 Winter Olympics and that it was possible THG would take legal action to enforce it.
The organising committee of the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Games in Korea had rejected THG as Ireland's authorised ticket seller, she added.
Ireland has been unable to find sponsors for the 2018 Games and will have to fund uniforms from its own resources, she said.
(Reporting by Conor Humphries; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Bloomberg
After 99 years of making envelopes that carried the US' junk mail, Cenveo Inc filed for bankruptcy, blaming a shift by marketers from mailboxes to the Internet.
Just as online advertising began growing, Cenveo started spending on traditional print media, boosting debt it said it now cannot afford to pay.
The company said it plans to restructure its balance sheet while under court protection.
Cenveo has a deal with a group of first-line creditors and has been trying to convince its biggest second-line noteholder, Brigade Capital Management LP, to sign on as well. Brigade holds more than 66 percent of Cenveo's second-line and 16.1 percent of its first-line notes.
The company listed more than US$1.4 billion in debts and about US$790 million in assets in its Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition filed in Manhattan, New York.
Cenveo is seeking court permission to borrow US$190 million through an asset-backed loan and US$100 million through a term loan.
“There's a financial fix here, but how do you stem a sector decline?” said Bill Popper, director of research at New York-based broker-dealer firm Clearview Trading Advisors. “The problem is the world is passing them by.”
Beginning in about 2006, the company bet big on postal or “snail” mail, buying 16 envelope manufacturers, printers and label makers, including a US$430 million purchase of Cadmus Communications Inc, the world's biggest printing company serving scientific, technical and medical journals.
Envelopes make up 47 percent of Cenveo's sales, with the rest of its revenue coming from its printing and labelmaking businesses.
The company employs about 5,200 people.
Shares have fallen to about US$0.50 in New York trading, from last year's high of US$7.59.
Why are dolls scary?
CHRISTEL YARDLEY/STUFF She could be the doll that comes to life in a horror movie.
A pouting redhead in a puffed-sleeved pale mint dress is propped on the top of a display. Her face is almost the same colour as her dress. Her eyes - along with hundreds of others - follow you around the room.
She looks like the sort of doll from horror flicks - you know, where a young girl gets a porcelain doll and the doll comes to life and kills people.
On a quiet Sunday for news, the Hamilton Crafts, Doll and Bear Extravaganza got a visit.
CHRISTEL YARDLEY/STUFF Dolls preserve history in a way few other things can, collector Karen Staniland says.
But it's hard to like dolls.
READ MORE:
* Golliwog dolls for sale at Waiheke Island tourist gift shop shock customers
* Creepy doll planters for the most morbid of gardeners
* Collectors and enthusiasts 'doll up' for Auckland Doll and Teddy Fair
It's hard to like their vacant, glassy-eyed stares.
It's hard to like those chubby cheeks smeared with garish pink against their white ceramic faces.
There's a reason for the spooky feeling. It's called the uncanny valley.
The term refers to a feeling of horror or unease when faced with something almost, but not quite, human.
Some researchers say the lifeless, slightly inhuman faces of avatars, robots and porcelain dolls remind us of death.
They all elicit unease - or downright terror.
There are tables full of teddy bears and crafts at the Hamilton show, but it's hard to look away from the frilly dolls clustered on table tops.
They're not all unsettling. Some are sweet-faced and smiley in a non-serial killer way.
Others send you into a cold sweat.
But collectors don't react well when you say things like, "She looks like she wants to kill me."
"No, no - she's lovely," the collector insists.
It's the "Chucky effect", another collector says.
"I bet you don't like clowns, either."
But not everyone is victim to the uncanny valley.
Karen Staniland has always loved dolls.
When she was a girl, her mum sold all but two of her dolls in an auction. Once she had a bit of spare cash, Staniland began collecting them to make up for those she'd lost.
She's not sure exactly where doll fear comes from, but as technology becomes more realistic, the more unrealistic looking dolls might seem scarier, Staniland said.
"It's probably making a lot of kids - little kids, particularly - terribly scared.
"I had a child come and she went down and had a look at my doll room and came tearing up the stairs. There're two many eyes, you see."
Now she asks mothers how their children react to dolls before letting them venture into her doll room.
Dolls are important and increasingly misunderstood, Staniland says.
With few doll-making tutors and not enough young people interested in old-fashioned dolls, the making and repairing of them is a dying art.
Now, cheap mass-produced Bratz and Barbie dolls are the norm, Staniland says.
"If you go to an antique auction and there are dolls there, they go for next to nothing.
"It's quite sad."
Dolls preserve history like few other things can. Each provides a snapshot of the culture and society of the time in which it was made.
Those made during World War II are made from the same rationed fabric as people's clothes.
The delicately stitched lace dresses made in the 1800s would have taken days.
"A lot of it would have been done by candlelight, because they didn't have lights."
Even the ventriloquist-like dolls with wide, skewed eyes remind some of their childhood, Staniland said.
"Somebody will buy them."
- Stuff
Scientists in Queensland, Australia have identified more than 50 new species of spiders ranging in size from a tarantula as big as your face to one the size of a fingernail.
Robert Raven, an arachnologist at the Queensland Museum in Brisbane, and his team spent two weeks looking for new spiders in an area in the northern part of the state. Raven said there was “mind-blowing” diversity in the different spiders the scientists collected.
“Under one rock, down in a gully with a fresh-water spring pumping through, I found species from six arachnid orders. It was absolutely spectacular to see all these six groups together,” Raven told Australian Geographic.
One of the species is called a peacock spider.
“The males have this thing where they can — they've got a fold around their body which extends out and forms like a peacock — beautiful little thing. They're about the size of two sugar grains stuck together,” Raven told NPR. “But you can actually see them flashing away in the sun, with these beautiful colors, as they go into the courtship behavior with the female. And, of course, if they get the wrong female, then they're dinner.”
The scientists are currently identifying and photographing all the species they found and checking their findings with past discoveries to make sure none are duplicates. They've also put the giant tarantula in a tank in the lab to observe how it reacted and discovered it can stay underwater for hours at a time without emerging.
“The spider ran straight into the water, totally immersed, and remained there for at least four hours until we were too bored waiting for it to come up,” Raven said.
Even though he works with spiders every day, Raven himself has a fear of the eight-legged creatures. He doesn't know how many times he's been bitten, but estimates it's about 100.
The spider expedition was made as a part of Bush Blitz, a program where scientists work with indigenous rangers to teach them about conservation.
“Hopefully this expedition will help us identify areas of natural values that we can protect for the future,” said Brad Grogan, manager of the Western Yalanji Aboriginal Corporation.
Google Expeditions AR has been touring schools over the last year, but now anyone can try it on Android and iOS.
Last year at Google I/O, the Google Expeditions AR Pioneer Program was announced. Google claims that one million students have used AR in their classrooms.
Starting 30 May, Expeditions AR tours are available to anyone via the Google Expeditions app on both Android and iOS, according to their blog. It is a free download, part of an updated Expeditions App as opposed to earlier when it was an initiative designed for school.
Google has also updated the Expeditions app to help you discover new tours, find your saved tours, and more easily start a solo adventure.
The app has 800 VR experiences and 100 AR experiences, and be can be used with just a phone. All you need is your phone to be compatible with Apple's ARKit or Google's ARCore.
Google announced a number of new things in the keynote presentation at the Google I/O 2017. The announcements ranged from machine learning, neural network, the next version of Android and a different configuration of Android for devices with low specifications. However, a sizeable chunk of the presentation and announcements were dedicated to Google Assistant.
The Google I/O 2018 too came with a lot of improvements to Google's products. The Google digital assistant conversed so naturally, it seemed like a real person. Also, there were amazing new developments with Google Assistant, Google Lens, Maps and more.
click to enlarge
click to enlarge
posted some of his favorite photos ofon Medium , a White House channel, last week. They speak of how much he'll be missed. (In the photo above, he's getting down to the level of Communication Director Jen Psaki's daughter Vivi.)I'll misstoo, come to think of it. He's shown in a super soaker battle with kids at the the vice president's residence.
By Lee I-chia / Staff reporter
The Act on Promoting Transitional Justice (促進轉型正義條例) is illegal and unjust, former Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) legislators Alex Tsai (蔡正元) and Chiu Yi (邱毅) said yesterday, accusing the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) government of attempting to wipe out an important era in the nation's history.
The act, aimed at removing authoritarian-era symbols and redressing injustices left by the authoritarian era from Aug. 15, 1945 to Nov. 6, 1992, was passed by the Legislative Yuan on Tuesday last week. The pan-blue camp says the act unfairly targets the former KMT regime.
The KMT had proposed a version that includes a broader scope of history, applying transitional justice measures to the Japanese colonial era to demand that the Japanese government take responsibility for infringing upon the rights of Aborigines, “comfort women” and Taiwanese drafted into the Japanese army during World War II.
Their motion was defeated by the DPP-controlled legislature, whose version limits the coverage to the authoritarian era under the former KMT regime.
Sun Yat-sen School principal Chang Ya-chung (張亞中), who invited Tsai and Chiu to speak about the act at a news conference in Taipei, said the era of the “two Chiangs” — former presidents Chiang Kai-shek (蔣介石) and his son and successor, Chiang Ching-kuo (蔣經國) — showed rapid economic development and was the most glorious era of Taiwan.
He said that the DPP government, led by President Tsai Ing-wen (蔡英文), is trying to manipulate history by enforcing the act, which is something they cannot accept.
Many regimes have tried to wipe out history of previous regimes, but have failed, just like how the former KMT has tried to destroy many artifacts from the Japanese colonial era, and now the government led by President Tsai Ing-wen is trying to do the same, Alex Tsai said.
If it was not for former president Chiang Kai-shek, who used his last breath to resist the communists during the Korean War, Taiwan would have been ruled by Chinese leader Mao Zedong (毛澤東), he said.
“It was Chiang Kai-shek who let the pro-Taiwanese independence groups exist until today, or they would have been wiped out under Mao's rule... but they are now trampling on him,” he said.
Taiwan had the fastest economic growth between 1961 and 1970 under Chiang Kai-shek, and so, despite the conflicting opinions on Chiang's merits and faults, no other president has accomplished more than he did and the current government will fail in its efforts to wipe out the history of the two Chiangs, he said.
“Once the act is passed and the ad hoc commission for the promotion of transitional justice is established, an awful atmosphere with political struggles and fear will be formed, because the commission can investigate without going through judicial procedure and can deploy military police, ” Chiu said.
He said he believes the act is targeted at the KMT, and that if the government wants to enforce real transitional justice, it should start by tearing down the Presidential Office Building, which was built during the Japanese colonial period.
Additional reporting by CNA
0 Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West meets with Trump over prison reform
WASHINGTON, D.C. - Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West met with President Donald Trump Wednesday at the White House for a discussion on sentencing guidelines and prison reform, according to social media posts from both Trump and Kardashian West.
>> Read more trending news
“Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing,” Trump said in a tweet with a picture of the two in the Oval Office.
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Kardashian West responded, also on Twitter, thanking Trump for the meeting.
“It is our hope that the president will grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson who is serving a life sentence for a first-time, non-violent drug offense,” she said.
“We are optimistic about Ms. Johnson's future and hopeful that she – and so many like her – will get a second chance at life,” Kardashian West said in a second tweet on the issue.
I would like to thank President Trump for his time this afternoon. It is our hope that the President will grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson who is serving a life sentence for a first-time, non-violent drug offense. — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 31, 2018
We are optimistic about Ms. Johnson's future and hopeful that she —and so many like her—will get a second chance at life. — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 31, 2018
Kardashian West has been campaigning for the release of Johnson, a 63-year-old grandmother, who was sentenced to life in prison in 1997 after her conviction on charges related to a cocaine trafficking operation in Memphis, Tennessee, according to news reports.
Johnson has already spent more than two decades behind bars.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
If you haven't seen Episode 12 of The Handmaid's Tale, wait before reading as this post contains spoilers!
When Eden was first introduced on The Handmaid's Tale, she was an unforeseen variable. Raised primarily under Gilead's rule, she was a true believer who was still too young to question the only system she knew. But what happened to Eden on The Handmaid's Tale? It seemed possible that she might turn on Nick for one of his many infractions, but instead Eden became the victim of another one of Gilead's unfair punishments.
Eden's marriage to Nick was arranged by Commander Waterford as one of many unions in a surprise mass wedding. It was framed as a reward for the male Guardians to be married off to even younger girls, but it was also intended to put another obstacle between Nick and June. The resultant marriage was not a good one: Eden was a young teenager who didn't understand why reality wasn't matching up to the life she had been promised, and Nick took his unhappiness out on her.
Nick vacillated between disinterest and anger, which only served to make Eden feel even more isolated and unloved. She had been taken from her family and given to a stranger who didn't even seem to like her. To cope, she sought affection in the arms of someone else — but that's not the kind of thing you can do in Gilead without repercussions.
When Nick and the Waterfords went up north for a diplomatic meeting in Canada, a Guardian named Isaac was left to look after the house. He appeared to be a little closer to Eden's age, and they formed a connection in the brief time they were alone together. Upon his return, Nick caught them kissing, something that didn't bother him because he had no real feelings for Eden. But that additional rejection seemed to push Eden even closer to Isaac, because in "Postpartum" she made plans to run away with him.
Those plans succeeded, but only briefly. Eden and Isaac ran away together, hoping to create a family of their own. In a conversation with June, Eden explained that she wanted both love and a family; she didn't want to be forced to have children with a man who didn't care for her. But she and Isaac didn't get far. Not long after their flight, they were found and dragged back home.
It doesn't seem as though divorce is a possibility in Gilead, so if you're in an unhappy marriage, then you're stuck in it. There's no amicable separation so you can meet someone more suited to you. So even though Nick forgave Eden, there was no way out of her sentence: under Gilead's laws, both she and Isaac were guilty of adultery and that is punishable by death. They were chained and weighted down, then thrown into what looked like a high school pool. Similar weights littered the bottom of the pool, indicating that they were not the first to suffer such a fate.
George Kraychyk/Hulu
However, it did appear that both Eden and Isaac had a chance to save themselves. Before the execution, Nick begged Eden to change her story so she could survive. He told her to say Isaac forced her, and promised to do whatever he could to make things up to her. She refused. Then, Eden and Isaac were asked to repent by the man carrying out the sentence. Perhaps if they had, both would have been allowed to live (though who knows under what circumstances), but again they refused. They took the Romeo and Juliet path: they weren't free to be together in life, so they would be together in death.
There's truly no way out of Gilead. Eden bought into all of the dogma, but she still paid the ultimate price.
The good news is that Per Fly's Backstabbing for Beginners, a film about bad news, is not at all the cynical farce its title suggests. Instead, Fly's dramatization of a diplomacy newbie's true-story discovery of massive corruption in a U.N. aid program doles out lessons in principle. The hero, based on real whistleblower Michael Soussan, is played by Theo James as the kind of handsome naif who might have been shaken, in a '90s thriller, by the slow realization that there's something wicked going on at the billion-dollar law firm he's just joined. As drama, that's not exactly satisfying: In these stories of a naif's progress, audiences are stuck a couple of steps ahead, waiting for the hero to catch up — and then for him or her to surprise us by finding a way to do what's right.
So, it could have been called Truthtelling for Beginners. Here it's the greed-powered wrecking ball of realpolitik that, in the story's first half, batters the foundations of the hero's earnestness. In 2003, not long before George W. Bush and a too-compliant news media finally got an Iraq war, Soussan was hired as a special assistant to the United Nations' undersecretary general in charge of the Oil-for-Food program that had been established to keep the citizens of Saddam Hussein's country fed despite sanctions. There a hilarious Ben Kingsley — as Soussan's boss, Pasha — plays the role of both guide and cautionary example: Between sputtered curses, he teaches Soussan that they must put up with some corruption in Baghdad if they hope to persist in the noble cause of feeding and furnishing medicine for civilians.
WOOD RIVER - A St. Louis man was charged Friday with multiple felonies in a vehicular hijacking.
In a press release, Wood River Deputy Chief Dan Bunt said Ryan R. Larose, 24, of the 3500 block of Kingsland, was charged with one count of aggravated kidnapping, one count of armed robbery and one count of aggravated vehicular hijacking, all Class X felonies; one count of offenses related to motor vehicle, a Class 2 felony; one count of aggravated battery and one count of unlawful possession of methamphetamine, both Class 3 felonies.
According to media reports, on Thursday Larose used a replica gun to force a man in Pontoon Beach to drive him to ATMs to withdraw money. The victim escaped in Wood River, and Larose was driving the victim's vehicle toward South Roxana when a Hartford officer saw him and began a pursuit. Larose crashed the vehicle in South Roxana and was arrested after a foot pursuit.
Bond was set at $500,000. Larose is in custody at the Madison County Jail.
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
The Malawi Electoral Commission (MEC) has rebuffed calls by opposition Malawi Congress Party (MCP) to incorporate interpretation of voters' intent in the commission's polling guidelines for the 2019 Tripartite Elections.
MCP had argued that establishment of a new regulation that can translate the ultimate intention of non-specific voters can help to reduce the number of null and void votes in next year's elections.
But MEC chairperson Jane Ansah said the country's electoral laws are clear on the voting processes.
“It is clear in our [civic and voter education] CVE [procedure]. The cancellation and the ticking can be one. Someone can choose to tick [on more than one choice] while another person can cross [the same]. So, how do you determine which one, even if they have cancelled?
“But we will continue working with political parties so that we are on the same [page]. Before we do polling, we are going to have [more] stakeholders meetings, and we urge all those that are not clear about these issues to let us know,” she said.
Ansah, who is a judge of the Malawi Supreme Court of Appeal, wondered why political parties were raising such critical issues in the media, arguing that the parties never raised such concerns at a recent stakeholders meeting MEC held with them alongside the Centre for Multiparty Democracy (CMD) and the National Elections Consultative Forum (Necof).
She admitted that MEC has not looked at National Initiative for Civic Education (Nice) Trust recommendations over seven months after they were presented last October.
In an interview with Nation on Sunday, MCP secretary general Eisenhower Mkaka said his party was in support of a recommendation by Nice Trust advising MEC to swiftly address key deficiencies that amplified invalid votes in both the 2014 Tripartite Elections and the October 2017 Ey-elections.
He said: “I think it is critical. As Nice put it [after the by-elections], we really need to establish the intention [of voters] because sometimes you clearly see that [they wanted] to tick in this box, but because the marking spilled over to the next box then they say the ballot paper is invalid.”
Mkaka said creating a legitimate interpretation for voters' faulty decisions, mainly where marked ballots lack exactness and accuracy of expression, would enable MEC to accommodate thousands of electorates who accidentally make mistakes during the voting process.
MEC statistics show that out of 7.4 million Malawians who registered for the 2014 elections, about 5.2 million votes were valid while over 50 000 were null and void, representing 1.07 percent of the total voter turnout.
CMD executive director Kizito Tenthani therefore appeals to all electoral stakeholders in the country to intensify mobilisation of people ahead of the first phase of the voter registration exercise which starts on June 26 to July 9 in Kasungu Municipality, Mchinji, Dowa, Ntchisi, Nkhotakota and Kasungu districts.
In its Preliminary Report on Observations and Recommendations of the October 2017 By-elections, Nice, called on MEC to preserve the credibility of elections in the country by ensuring transparency in determining null and void votes to avoid confusion in the forthcoming elections.
Most of the time, when you see a crazy-beautiful hotel on Instagram, it's in some far-off location and costs about the same as a month's rent to stay in. So we understand if at first glance, this vineyard featuring three magical treehouses seems too good to be true. Luckily, it's right here in the U.S. — and costs way less than you'd think.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The cozy cabins-in-the-trees can be found in Monroe, North Carolina, and you can stay in one for about the same price as a night at the Marriott. There are two overnight cabins at Treehouse Vineyards to choose from: the Papa's Dream Treehouse and the Horsefeathers Hideaway.
Both have heat, air conditioning, hot water, and a kitchen or kitchenette. The Dream Treehouse has a queen-sized bed and love seat sofa, sleeping two to three guests, while the Hideaway can fit up to eight guests. Rates start at $125 per night for the Dream Treehouse, and $250 per night for the Hideaway.
Most Popular
There's also the Date Nite Treehouse, which can be rented for shorter periods of time (it costs $25 an hour). There's space for six adults to sit and hang out, sipping on wine from the vineyard or listening to live music in the evenings.
It's worth noting that you can't bring outside alcohol onto the vineyard, so be prepared to buy some bottles. The vineyard makes Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, dry white blends, and native Muscadine wine, and sells snacks and cheese plates, including a gourmet pimento cheese. Only in North Carolina!
All three treehouses are located on the Treehouse Vineyards property, so you can take a tour of the winery or book a wine tasting during your stay. Tastings are held daily and include a flight of dry and sweet wines. The vineyard also hosts live music and activities, like trivia and comedy shows in the evenings.
Follow Delish on Instagram.
Download the Delish app.
Fashion designer Betsey Johnson tries to save her old outfits, but she says her daughter and granddaughter keep borrowing them and don't return."I'm saving as much as I can," the designer told pagesix.com."My daughter and granddaughter are in all my stuff. I never get my stuff back when they borrow them. I will be dead before that happens."Johnson received the Style Icon Award at the 21st annual ACE Awards earlier this week."Me ... A Style Icon award? What is so amazing is that after 55 years (in the fashion industry) I am not the joke anymore," she said.The ever-optimistic designer clearly hasn't let the setback slow her down.
A Vancouver Island man has been charged with one count of animal cruelty after his dog nearly died from a flea infestation earlier this year.
Gary Kenneth Bob of Lantzville had a senior terrier named Rascal, who was found in the summer suffering from a severe flea infestation. According to the BC SPCA, Rascal had lost approximately 85 per cent of his blood because of the fleas.
READ MORE: BC SPCA seeks owner of dog injured by truck in Mission
Bob was charged with one count of causing an animal to continue to be in distress, and will appear in Nanaimo Law Courts on Jan. 9.
Tina Heary, a BC SPCA senior animal protection officer, encourages pet owners to look into flea prevention methods for their pets, as it is cheaper to prevent fleas than treat an infestation.
READ MORE: BC SPCA seize 20 dogs from Chilliwack breeder
“It is also important to note that flea control products for dogs are very different from flea treatments for cats and that using the wrong product can be toxic for your pet,” said Heary in a statement.
Rascal is now living in a new home and doing well, according to the BC SPCA.
DUNEDIN — For all the ceremony it entails, Blue Jays manager John Gibbons said he will unveil the order of his five-man rotation Tuesday morning.
Arguably, a much more substantial development took place at Champions Stadium in Orlando on Monday, where a brilliant Aaron Sanchez outing was one of the most positive developments of the spring.
Sanchez became the first Jays starter to pitch into the seventh inning in Grapefruit League play and was outstanding against the Braves. With a fastball that hit 99 miles per hour, Sanchez allowed just two hits in 6.1 innings of work and surrendered just one earned run in a 6-0 loss.
Going that deep in the game with his blister issues seemingly long behind him, Sanchez is clearly set up to be a key in whatever way Gibbons designs his rotation.
“He looks really good at this point and I'm very excited about his season this year,” Jays pitching coach Pete Walker told Postmedia.
To put Monday's effort into perspective, it was the deepest Sanchez has gone in a game since he went seven innings on April 8, his first of just eight starts in the 2017 season.
In fact, it was the first time he went into the seventh inning since, punctuating the hard work he's put in the off-season and suggesting he's ready to resume his role as the ace of the Jays starting staff.
Further evidence that the California native was on his game was that he induced 13 ground ball outs — his forte — and struck out four more. Sanchez, of course, led the AL with his 3.00 ERA in 2016 and never had the chance at a follow up because of season-long blister issues.
Speaking of the rotation, it is expected that Gibbons will name J.A. Happ his opening day starter, a worthy honour for the veteran left-hander, who is about to start is 10th season in the big leagues.
It's also expected that Sanchez will get the ball for next Friday's second game of that season-opening series against the Yankees, followed by Marco Estrada on Saturday and a recuperated Marcus Stroman for the Sunday finale. Next up would be the newcomer to the rotation, Jaime Garcia, who would face the White Sox on Monday.
“I love our starting rotation,” Walker said. “I love their makeup and the way they go about their business. I love the way they compete.”
Indeed, the starting five has the opportunity to make up for the injury riddled disaster of 2017. And the potential of a Sanchez-Stroman one-two punch is especially enticing.
“They are young phenoms in the game,” Walker said. “It's certainly a tough task for the other team with that heavy sink and power sink and mixing it up. that is a difficult task. Add Happ and Estrada and the way our starting rotation complements each other — they're different looks.
“I'm just very optimistic about those guys. If we can keep them healthy and on the field we'll be in good shape.”
OH GETTING CLOSER?
Gibbons was hopeful that the team would finally get some good news about Korean reliever Seung Hwan Oh, who has been at camp but held out of game action until he gets his visa issues worked out.
Oh was in Toronto on Monday for a meeting at the U.S. consulate and if the legal red tape gets cleared in time, he could see some action before the end of Grapefruit League play.
The process of acquiring the work visa has taken longer than expected for Oh, the former St. Louis Cardinals reliever who the Jays signed on Feb. 26. Since then he's been limited to pitching bullpen and live batting practice sessions.
If all goes as planned — and there are no guarantees — Oh could make his Jays debut on Wednesday when they play host to the Phillies.
AROUND THE BASES
Plans are for Stroman to get two more starts to set him up for the Easter Sunday appearance against the Yankees. The second of those will be in the first of two games at Olympic Stadium next Monday … Speaking of the annual visit to Montreal, word is ticket sales have been less than brisk at the Big O … The lone offensive highlight in the Jays 6-0 loss to the Braves was outfielder Teoscar Hernandez going 2-for-3 at the plate. Hernandez, who is hitting .359 this spring, looks ready should newcomer Randal Grichuk not be fully recovered from a rib/oblique injury … Grichuk, meanwhile, hit in the batting cage for a second consecutive day on Monday and is schedule for a batting practice session on Tuesday.
After the Florence gym floor was flooded by more than an inch of water from a kitchen sink leak, it wasn't hard Friday to find a place to insert a blower underneath the ruined maple floor to try to dry it out.
(Reuters Health) - - Properly treating a common sleep-related breathing disorder may have benefits for the heart and for blood sugar, a new study suggests.
If people with obstructive sleep apnea don't use machines at night to help keep the airway open, measures of their heart health and blood sugar worsen, researchers found.
"One of the longstanding debates in our field" is whether sleep apnea actually causes heart issues and problems with blood sugar, "or if they're just associated," said senior author Dr. Jonathan Jun, of Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore.
In obstructive sleep apnea, the airway intermittently collapses or becomes blocked during sleep. The blocked airway causes pauses in breathing.
In the past, researchers have tried to find a direct link between sleep apnea, heart health and blood sugar by comparing patients instructed to use CPAP machines at night to keep the airway open with patients who were instructed to sleep without using these machines. But one of the major issues with those studies is that people may not actually use the CPAP machine, Jun told Reuters Health by phone.
Advertisement
Advertisement
For the new study, the researchers recruited 31 people with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea who were known to regularly use their CPAP machines.
The participants slept two nights in the lab, using their CPAP on only one of the nights. The researchers obtained blood samples while participants slept.
"We are looking at real time changes," said Jun. "We're getting blood every 20 minutes."
As reported in The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism, on the night without CPAP, patients' obstructive sleep apnea returned. On those nights, patients had low levels of oxygen in their blood, poor sleep and an increased heart rate.
Additionally, their blood samples showed increases in fatty acids, sugar and a stress hormone known as cortisol.
The researchers also saw increases in blood pressure and in arterial stiffness, which has been linked with a risk for heart problems.
"These were obese patients and patients with relatively severe sleep apnea. They also had other medical problems," Jun pointed out. People who fit that description may be experiencing the same changes during the night if they sleep without their CPAP machine, he said.
Glucose and fatty acids rose in the overall group without the CPAP machines, but participants with diabetes may be more vulnerable to the glucose elevation, Jun warned.
He said the study can't say what would happen to people with milder sleep apnea.
Because obesity has been tied to an increased risk of sleep apnea, it's been difficult to know if it's the sleep apnea or the obesity itself that's causing those problems, Jun noted.
The new study, he said, "advances that idea that other conditions and not obesity itself are driver of those levels."
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2sXLJaU The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism, online June 8, 2017.
Posted by Darin Gantt on February 15, 2017, 9:08 AM EST
The Cardinals might as well hire some roadies of their own, because they're going to have to go on tour during the middle of their training camp this summer.
Via Kent Somers of the Arizona Republic, the Cardinals will be displaced from University of Phoenix Stadium for the second year in a row by a rock and roll concert.
Team president Michael Bidwill said during an interview on Arizona Sports 98.7 FM that the upcoming Metallica tour will force the team to leave its facility for several days in the middle of camp.
“We've got a couple of different options that we're exploring,” Bidwill said. “I think it's going to be a road trip.”
Last year, they had to skip out of town while Guns N' Roses took over their building, and they slid over to San Diego for joint practices with the Chargers prior to a preseason game. It's likely they'll try to build another such trip in once the preseason schedule is set later this spring.
ASTANA, Kazakhstan: Nine people were killed when part of their apartment building collapsed in central Kazakhstan, the country's authorities said Monday (Jan 2), with an exploding boiler reportedly to blame for the carnage.
"Nine dead people were pulled from the rubble" of the building in the village of Shakhan outside the city of Karaganda, according to the central Asian nation's interior ministry.
The victims were three men, three women and three children. Five people, including a 32-year-old man and two children, were rescued alive from the rubble.
The search operation was called off later Monday, local media cited regional authorities as saying, as no cases of missing people were reported.
Authorities got word at 10.40pm on Sunday (1640 GMT) that part of the building had collapsed and they rushed 70 emergency workers to the scene.
Local media quoted regional governor Nurmukhambet Abdibekov as saying that a portion of the 60-apartment building could have collapsed following the explosion of a heating boiler in its basement.
"We will figure out what happened," the Tengri news website quoted Abdibekov as saying, adding that the building's residents had installed and serviced the boiler.
Pictures from the scene published by the interior ministry showed a digger shovelling through the rubble as emergency workers stood by.
The remaining residents have been evacuated, the ministry said, adding that a government committee has been set up to probe the incident.
A criminal case has been opened to determine whether the collapse could have been caused by negligence, local media reported.
Building collapses are also not uncommon throughout the former Soviet Union, either due to faulty construction or worn-out infrastructure.
In July 2015, 23 Russian conscripts were crushed to death when their military barracks collapsed in Siberia. Shoddy construction and lax safety standards were blamed for the incident.
By Hung Mei-hsiu and Jake Chung / Staff reporter, with staff writer
National Tsing Hua University's physics department on Monday presented a thesis on germanene based on the work of Lin Chung-huang (林仲桓), a doctoral student who died in a car accident in 2016.
A research team was able to retrieve data from the lab used by Lin at the National Synchrotron Radiation Research Center, physics professor and Lin's adviser Tang Shu-jung (唐述中) said.
The team, which includes Tang, professors Mou Chung-yu (牟中於) and Jeng Horng-tay (鄭弘泰), and students Chen Wei-chuan (陳韋全) and Chen Ting-yu (陳亭宇), based their work on the foundation built by Lin, Tang said.
Germanene, a material consisting of a single layer of germanium, was first proposed in 2009, but no physicist has yet produced an actual product, Tang said.
Lin had attempted to grow germanene under different temperatures and through deposition, and was finally able to grow a layer of the material in a hive-shaped spread on silver.
Germanene can induce spin polarization and is seen as a new material that could eventually replace graphene, Tang said, adding that its applications in terms of electronic components and products would be far greater that of graphene or silicene.
Chen Ting-yu recounted that one time, the team was having difficulty conducting photoelectron spectroscopy, as the machine kept malfunctioning.
The team switched tactics and was rewarded with better results, he said.
“I like to think that it was Lin who was helping us,” he added.
Lin's parents were invited to the event, where they left an empty seat with a doctoral cap and gown on it for Lin.
“Our son's final wishes have been fulfilled, and it is the best present one could ever receive before the Lunar New Year,” his parents said.
University president Hocheng Hong (賀陳弘) said the school was sad to lose Lin, who attended college and graduate school there, and was proud of his accomplishments.
The team has submitted the paper to the international journal Physical Review Materials, with Lin as the lead author, Tang said.
Samara, Russia's sixth largest city, is currently sweltering in temperatures of up to 31C, with the heat set to continue into the weekend.
It is unclear if the shortage will hit the England team's hotel in the southern province, Russia's sixth largest largest.
A spokesman for Samara Municipal Systems said: “In the last few days, almost 10% more water has been supplied to the city water system than on ordinary days.
“Save water – take a shower together.”
On Jan. 20, the Web site of the international academic journal Cell announced a significant breakthrough by Chinese scientists, who successfully cloned monkeys using the somatic cell nuclear transfer (SCNT) technique. This represents the first time monkeys have ever been cloned using this technique.
The Chinese Academy of Sciences Institute of Neuroscience research team, led by Sun Qiang, was able to overcome difficulties surrounding the cloning of the animals with somatic cells, a method similar to the one that created the famous Dolly the Sheep.
According to Sun, since the birth of Dolly, scientists have successfully applied the SCNT technique to clone other mammals such as horses, cattle, rabbits, cats, dogs and camels, among others, but the cloning of primates, which are genetically similar to human beings, has always presented problems. The significance of the successful cloning of the monkeys lies in being able to produce “a large number of monkeys with the same genetic background within one year to serve as models in which human diseases can be simulated.”
Sun says that the production of monkeys as models for simulating human neurological diseases will bring new possibilities for research into the mechanisms, interventions and treatments of brain diseases, especially with promoting R&D for new drugs targeting neurological conditions such as Alzheimer's and autism, as well as immunodeficiencies, tumors and metabolic disorders.
The mice normally used as models in medical drug R&D are genetically very different from humans, and candidate drugs derived from testing on mice at huge costs in terms of effort and research funding are often found to be ineffective in human patients, or lead to unacceptable side effects.
TODAY'S WORDS
今日單字 breakthrough n. 突破 (tu2 po4) clone v. 複製 (fu4 zhi4) cell n. 細胞 (xi4 bao1) mammal n. 哺乳動物 (bu2 ru3 dong4 wu4) genetic adj. 遺傳的 (yi2 chuan2 de5)
The Vatican responded cautiously to this scientific and medical breakthrough. Msgr Vincenzo Paglia, head of the Vatican's Pontifical Academy for Life, was critical of the development, saying “Not everything that is possible is right.”
The research was an important scientific development, the Vatican's top bioethics official said, but “we must always consider the effects of our interventions on the ecosystem and weigh the risk of making mistakes in the management of new know-how which may in the future lead us to interventions on the human body.” According to Paglia, animal rights also deserve to be protected, and such experiments should only be employed “in the absence of alternative methods in acquiring knowledge and therapeutic tools.”
(CNA, Translated by Chang Ho-ming)
國際學術期刊「細胞」官網在一月二十日發布了中國科學家的一項重大突破，他們成功培育出體細胞核移植的複製猴。這是全球首例用體細胞核移植的方式複製猴子。
中國科學院神經科學研究所研究員孫強率領的團隊攻克了體細胞複製的難題，這種複製方法與知名複製羊桃莉的方法類似。
孫強說，在桃莉誕生以後，馬、牛、兔、貓、狗、駱駝等哺乳類動物的體細胞複製相繼成功，但與人類相近的靈長類動物的體細胞複製一直未被攻克。體細胞複製猴的重要性在於，「能夠在一年內產生大批遺傳背景相同、可以模擬人類疾病的模型猴」。
孫強表示，製作這些腦疾病模型猴，將為腦疾病機理研究、干預、診治帶來可能性，特別是促進針對阿茲海默症、自閉症等腦疾病，以及免疫缺陷、腫瘤、代謝性疾病的新藥研發進程。
藥物研發通常使用的小鼠模型和人類相差甚遠，在小鼠模型上花費巨大研究資源與心力篩選出的候選藥物，用在病人身上大都無效或有不可接受的副作用。
對於這項科學與醫學領域的重大突破，梵蒂岡慎重發出警示。梵蒂岡內的教廷宗座生命科學院主席帕以亞批評，「不是每件可能達成的事都是正確的。」
帕以亞指出，這項研究雖是種科學上的突破，但是「我們應該仔細思索人類介入生態系時對其所造成的影響，同時深刻衡量這類新技術在管理過程中因犯錯而可能引發的風險，更遑論新技術未來是否會進一步地延伸到人體實驗。」他強調，動物的權利也該受保障，「除非沒有其他替代研究途徑，人類不該任意進行動物實驗。」
（中央社）
Danny Welbeck is determined to make an impact for England in Russia
Now, with absolutely no disrespect to Per Mertesacker, Mesut Ozil and Shkodran Mustafi, he fancies sharing his dressing room with a new crop of winners.
It can all get a bit too much inside the Gunners' dressing room when Welbeck's German team-mates remind him of their 2014 World Cup triumph in Brazil.
“They're not shy in letting us know they are world champions,” says the 27-year-old.
“It is all fun, nothing vicious.
“But you can see in Per, for instance, all the hard work and dedication he puts into his football, not just on the pitch but away from it too.
“And with Mesut and his amazing ability, you see that each and every day at the club.”
Welbeck hasn't exactly set the Premier League alight with injuries blighting his season once again.
But having been part of the squad four years ago which was eliminated after back-to-back defeats, then missing Euro 2016 following knee surgery, he's determined to make his mark this time.
Have you ever wondered what happens after you die?
Heaven? Hell? Reincarnation? A cosmic universe of numbers and post-its? Anything? Or can we glitch the system and explore the hereafter at will?
“Transferred: A Story About Life After Death,” will take you on one man's journey from death to wherever it is we go. Three beings help escort the tragic creature through his voyage into the hereafter and all it encompasses. The challenge for audiences is to leave with new ways of thinking about the human experience of “after.”
“Join (us) on an adventure of the mind and an indulgence of the senses in the second show of our premiere season — ‘Transferred: A Story About Life After Death,” theater co-founder Chantel Harvey said. “Keeping with our stated mission to offer new ideas and original works, Rogue offers an original devised piece to the community with ‘Transferred.'”
Using long-form improvisation techniques, Rogue's cast of actors, along with director Josh Douglas, began with just a title and a concept and developed the completely original script.
“Squeezing a script, which includes multiple art forms such as original music, movement/dance, pantomime, and much more, out of 32 rehearsals is a daunting task — daunting, yet extremely rewarding,” Douglas said. “What the cast, along with the rest of the creative staff, have fashioned from nothing is truly amazing. I hope everyone will take the opportunity to check out a style of theater that most patrons haven't been exposed to before. We want them to leave the theater talking about it with their friends.”
“Transferred” is told in two acts and will run at 7:30 p.m. Feb. 15, 16, 17, 22, 23, and 24 at the Rogue House, 1320 Milton Road inside the Milton Schoolhouse. Tickets are available in advance and at the door for a $15 general admission fee. Germania Brew Haus is partnering with the theater for this event and will offer draft beer, wine, and other beverages. Tickets can be purchased online.
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
The deadline to keep your name in the 2018 NBA Draft is Wednesday, and here's the latest list of the decisions.
LEAVING
Illinois' Leron Black
Maryland's Kevin Huerter
Maryland's Justin Jackson
Michigan's Moe Wagner
Michigan State's Miles Bridges
Michigan State's Jaren Jackson Jr.
Ohio State's Keita Bates-Diop
Penn State's Tony Carr
Rutgers' Corey Sanders
STAYING
Indiana's Juwan Morgan
Iowa's Isaiah Moss
Maryland's Bruno Fernando
Michigan's Charles Matthews
Michigan State's Nick Ward
Nebraska's Isaac Copeland Jr.
Nebraska's James Palmer Jr.
Purdue's Nojel Eastern
Purdue's Carsen Edwards
UNDECIDED
Iowa's Tyler Cook
Wisconsin's Ethan Happ
PLATINUM GAMES' next Bayonetta game will be a Nintendo Switch exclusive, and will likely be the most over the top entry in the series yet - here's everything you need to know about the game.
NINTENDO Bayonetta 3: Nintendo Switch release date, trailer and more E2 2018 game news updates
DS
Bayonetta 3 - Announcement Imminent? There's not been too much information about Bayonetta 3. It was believed to still be in the very early stages of development, but more recently Resetera users had noticed that a number of new Nintendo Switch placeholders had gone live on Amazon UK's website. Initially, it was believed that the game would be unveiled in more detail at E3 2018... but the game was totally absent. Even if the game isn't coming until late 2019, it's plausible that we could still get our first proper look at the game beyond just a title card soon - it's worth noting that Nintendo has a presence at TGS this year... this first time the company is formally attending the event since the Wii days. So we can likely expect more of a reveal within the year. Want to know more? Keep reading to discover everything we know about the Bayonetta 3 Nintendo Switch release so far...
Nintendo Switch 2018: Rumoured and confirmed games coming to the console Nintendo Switch had a great first year, full of exclusives and third party games. Here's a few more rumoured games supposedly coming to the console in 2018 and beyond. PLUS, some games we know are coming in the months ahead. 1 / 22
DS
Bayonetta 3 - Overview Developer: Platinum Games
Publisher: Nintendo
Release date: TBC
Platform: Nintendo Switch
Genre: Action Bayonetta 3 - What we know so far Bayonetta 3 will be the third game in the series from Platinum Games, releasing exclusively for Nintendo Switch. You can expect the title to follow the titular Umbra Witch as she fights more angels and demons in a world that exists in one of three planes of reality. It is not yet known whether Bayonetta 3 will be a sequel or a prequel to the two existing games. So far, only a teaser trailer has been shown, outlining a possible logo for the game as well as the return of the same sort of mystical, rune-based aesthetic we've seen in the series so far.
DS
Bayonetta 3 - Release date We have no indication of when Bayonetta 3 will release: neither developer Platinum Games has outlined a release window, nor has publisher Nintendo announced anything about when we can expect the game to launch. The game was originally announced at The Game Awards 2017 (which took place late in the year), so we're expecting the title to be given more information soon - either via a dedicated event or a Nintendo Direct. Bayonetta 3 - Gameplay If the next entry in the acclaimed character action series is anything like the previous games in the series, we can expect all-out action, culminating in massively over-the-top setpieces and summons which can be used to entirely eliminate your enemies. Attacks may be mapped to hands and feet, with various weapons available for each, making combos diverse and entertaining to discover as you unlock more items. Once you've filled up enough stamina, you may be able to pull of Torture Attacks that more often than not kill enemies right away, or instead, you can use your stored up magic to 'Climax' and add massive damage and range to your moves. It remains to be seen whether you'll just be able to play as Bayonetta, or whether or not you'll be able to play the game as other characters, too.
DS
Bayonetta 3 - Development Update April 1st - It looks like Bayonetta 3 is still in the very early stages of development, according to Bayonetta voice actress Hellen Taylor. In a 24-hour livestream a few weeks ago, hosted by SEGA, the actor that plays eponymous character Bayonetta was present and fielding fan questions. At one point in the stream, Taylor noted that she had not yet received an invitation from PlatinumGames to lend her voice to the title. This suggests that the game is still in the very early stages of development - Taylor believes that when development progresses a little further, she'll be invited to do the vocal parts of the title in English. For a measure of how far through the game might be, it's worth noting that English VOs for Japanese titles are generally added about halfway into the development of a game.
DS
Thousands will celebrate Independence Day at the Folds of Honor FreedomFest.
The festival will also have an impact on traffic most of the day.
Organizers said venues will be set up at Veterans Park and River West Festival Park, so the closures will be in those areas.
7/4/2018 Related Story: July 4 Events Across Oklahoma For Independence Day
Boulder between 18th and 21st streets will close at 10:00 Wednesday morning, along with 21st Street between Boulder and Boston.
The 23rd Street bridge between Boulder and Jackson will also shut down at 10 a.m.
On the east side of the river, Riverside between Denver and 21st will close at 5 p.m., then southbound on Riverside from Southwest Boulevard to Denver will close for the fireworks at 9:30 p.m.
On the west bank, Jackson will close between 20th and 23rd streets at 4 p.m.
There will also be parking lane closures along Cincinnati and Boston near the festival.
FreedomFest organizers said the areas will reopen after the fireworks show.
By RACHEL BRODERICK
Staff Writer
You may have noticed your gas bill is much higher than normal.
You may also have noticed the price of gasoline increased by 15 cents or more in the last few weeks.
Well that's because of a new cap-and-trade plan issued in Ontario as of Jan. 1.
The government projects the total extra costs of the initiative will amount to $156 per year for the average household.
But why are we paying more, and what is the money going to?
The government projects it will bring in $1.9 billion per year.
They promise to spend it all on projects that will further reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
These include new public transit, incentives for electric vehicles and rebates worth up to $2,000 per household for improving a home's energy efficiency, such as installing a new furnace, windows or insulation.
Jessica Marie, 25, said, “I have to drive back and forth to work every day, but with the gas prices going up it costs more. I think my wage should reflect the increase in travel expense.”
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne, in an interview with CBC, said, “We've chosen the cheapest, most cost-effective and most efficient system in cap-and-trade.
“We made a decision to put a different system in place because it was cheaper for people and also because it will reduce the greenhouse gas emissions more efficiently.”
Alexander Aiden, 28, said, “I live in a home where you have to pay your gas bill, and I saw a huge jump in price, like not a few dollars, but more than $100. It's ridiculous.”
Using the cap-and-trade system, Ontario is aiming to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions from 1990 levels as follows:
15 per cent cut by 2020
37 per cent by 2030
80 per cent by 2050
This system really isn't meant to make much of a difference for the average household.
It is meant to hold businesses accountable for the amount of carbon they are putting into the air.
With this tax, businesses will have limits on the amount of pollution they can emit.
Companies that exceed those limits — which will be reduced each year — can buy permits or allowances through government-run auctions or from other companies that come in under their limits.
According to ontario.ca there are some things you can do to help keep costs down, such as carpooling.
“Is it really going to stay this high from now on?” Marie wondered. “I really hope not. They are making it harder to drive a car.”
To join the fight against climate change and lower your costs, you can choose to:
Eat and buy local
Travel cleanly
Practice conservation
Drink tap water
With in-car delivery — an opt-in features that only works with 2015 or newer Volvo, Chevrolet, Buick, GMC and Cadillac vehicles — Amazon will know the general vicinity of where a customer's vehicle is parked. When an Amazon delivery driver is en-route, the vehicle will broadcast its precise GPS location to the driver. Amazon will have the car's license plate number and know what it looks like. To open the trunk, the delivery driver, upon arrival, will notify the Amazon app. The app will then speak to Amazon's cloud, which will speak to Volvo or Chevrolet's cloud, which then will unlock the trunk.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
5 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Tensions on the Korean peninsula eased slightly on Monday as South Korea's president said resolving Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully and key U.S. officials played down the risk of an imminent war with North Korea.
WASHINGTON/SEOUL: Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warned on Monday that the U.S. military would be prepared to intercept a missile fired by North Korea if it was headed to Guam, while North Korean leader Kim Jong-un alerted his army that it should always be fire-ready.
Mattis told reporters that the U.S. military would know the trajectory of a missile fired by North Korea within moments and would "take it out" if it looked like it would hit the U.S. Pacific territory.
"The bottom line is, we will defend the country from an attack; for us (U.S. military) that is war," Mattis said.
North Korea's official KCNA news agency said Kim received a report from his army on plans to strike the area around Guam, but also said he would watch U.S. actions before making any decisions on next steps.
"The United States, which was the first to bring numerous strategic nuclear equipment near us, should first make the right decision and show through actions if they wish to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula and prevent a dangerous military clash," Kim was cited as saying in the report by KCNA.
Meanwhile, the European Union's top diplomat, Federica Mogherini, said the EU would intensify its diplomatic efforts with North Korea, the United States, South Korea, China, Russia and Japan.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mogherini called on North Korea "to refrain from any further provocative action that can only increase regional and global tensions."
U.S. officials and South Korea's president in recent days have played down the risk of an imminent conflict after Washington and Pyongyang exchanged fiery rhetoric last week.
But Mattis told reporters that war could break out if North Korea were to fire a missile at the United States.
"If they fire at the United States, it could escalate into war very quickly," Mattis said.
President Donald Trump warned last week the U.S. military was "locked and loaded" if North Korea acted unwisely after threatening to land missiles in the sea near Guam later this month.
Mattis said that if a North Korean missile were headed toward the waters near Guam, instead of aimed directly at the island, then the president would decide what action to take.
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon has caused tension to spike in recent months.
Tension on the Korean peninsula had eased slightly earlier on Monday as South Korea's president said resolving North Korea's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully.
World stocks rose along with U.S. Treasury yields and the U.S. dollar as investors regained an appetite for riskier investments amid an easing of tensions.
"There must be no more war on the Korean peninsula. Whatever ups and downs we face, the North Korean nuclear situation must be resolved peacefully," President Moon Jae-in told a meeting with senior aides and advisers.
"I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours," he said.
Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Sunday sent a conciliatory message to North Korea in an op-ed piece in the Wall Street Journal, which also appeared aimed at easing China's concerns about U.S. intentions towards its neighbour.
"The U.S. has no interest in regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea. We do not seek an excuse to garrison U.S. troops north of the Demilitarized Zone," the officials said, addressing some of Pyongyang's fears that Washington ultimately intends to replace the reclusive country's leadership.
The article took a softer tone on North Korea than the president, who warned Pyongyang last week of "fire and fury" if it launched an attack.
"While diplomacy is our preferred means of changing North Korea's course of action, it is backed by military options," the two officials said.
Interactive package on North Korea's missile capabilities http://tmsnrt.rs/2t0oSv7
REGIONAL ALLIES
Gen. Joseph Dunford, U.S. chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, met South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-Moo on Monday. "He encouraged strengthening trilateral cooperation between the U.S., (South Korea) and Japan," U.S. military spokesman Captain Darryn James said.
South Korean Vice Defence Minister Suh Choo-suk highlighted doubts about North Korea's claims about its military capability.
"Both the United States and South Korea do not believe North Korea has yet completely gained re-entry technology in material engineering terms," Suh said in remarks televised on Sunday for a Korea Broadcasting System show.
U.S. Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo said on Sunday that Kim might conduct another missile test but talk of being on the cusp of a nuclear war was overstating the risk.
"I've seen no intelligence that would indicate that we're in that place today," Pompeo told "Fox News Sunday".
However, North Korea reiterated its threats, with KCNA saying "war cannot be blocked by any power if sparks fly due to a small, random incident that was unintentional".
"Any second Korean War would have no choice but to spread into a nuclear war," it said in a commentary.
The United States and South Korea remain technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty.
Ukraine denied on Monday that it had supplied defence technology to North Korea, responding to an article in the New York Times that said North Korea may have purchased rocket engines from Ukrainian factory Yuzhmash.
Tension in the region has risen since North Korea carried out two nuclear bomb tests last year and two intercontinental ballistic missile tests in July, tests it often conducts to coincide with important national dates.
Tuesday marks the anniversary of Japan's expulsion from the Korean peninsula, a rare holiday celebrated by both the North and the South. Moon and Kim, who has not been seen publicly for several days, are both expected to make addresses on their respective sides of the heavily militarized border.
Trump has urged China, the North's main ally and trading partner, to do more to rein in its neighbour, often linking Beijing's efforts to comments around U.S.-China trade. China strenuously rejects linking the two issues.
Trump on Monday authorized an inquiry into whether to investigate China's alleged theft of American intellectual property, declaring it "a very big move," while the country's largest business lobby group urged the two countries to resolve differences.
Graphic on North Korean missile trajectories, ranges http://tmsnrt.rs/2hIzZHG
(Additional reporting by Christine Kim and Soyoung Kim in Seoul and Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Writing by Alistair Bell and Richard Cowan; Editing by James Dalgleish)
NEW DELHI Oil giant Saudi Aramco wants to enter into exclusive talks with India to buy a stake in the planned 1.2 million barrels per day (bpd) refinery on the South Asian nation's west coast, India's oil minister said on Wednesday.
The proposed talks come as Saudi Arabia seeks to secure customers for its oil amidst a global supply glut.
With the 1.2 million bpd refinery, the world's largest, India wants to have a greater say in the global fuel trade, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan told reporters in New Delhi.
The country's top refiner Indian Oil Corp will initially hold a 50 percent stake in the project, while Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp will own 25 percent each. (Reporting by Nidhi Verma and Neha Dasgupta; Editing by Mark Potter)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
NBA: Rockets blast Sharks
1 SHARES Share Tweet
HOUSTON (AP) — Chris Paul is quickly getting adjusted to the up-tempo, high-volume offense under Mike D'Antoni's Houston Rockets.
Paul had 11 points, 12 assists and four steals to lead the Rockets to a 144-82 exhibition victory over the Shanghai Sharks on Thursday night.
“Knowing everybody wants the same thing and you're rooting for each other,” Paul said. “It's cool — equal opportunity.”
Paul, acquired from the Los Angeles Clippers in the offseason, played 26 minutes and rested the fourth quarter as the Rockets cruised to victory over the overmatched Chinese team. Paul said D'Antoni drew up a play on Thursday night where he was coming off a screen to catch and shoot. He said he couldn't remember the last time that happened.
“That stuff is fun — I've always enjoyed that part of the game,” Paul said. “The way we play, we don't need a called play because there's a lot of unselfishness in the ball movement.”
Trevor Ariza led Houston with 18 points, and James Harden had nine points, 10 assists and two blocks. Eric Gordon had 17 points, and Clint Capela had 16 points and 11 rebounds in 19 minutes.
Houston jumped to a 43-16 lead after the first quarter, making its first seven shots and 13 of 29 3-point attempts in the first half. The Rockets shot 42.3 percent from beyond the arc overall.
“This is a big week coming up for us — we've got to turn it on a little bit,” D'Antoni said. “We'll learn a lot about where we are by the end of next week. Hopefully, we're in a good spot because right around the corner is Golden State.”
Houston opens the regular season at Golden State to face the defending champs.
Rockets 21-year-old Chinese rookie Zhou Qi scored eight points, including a thunderous dunk, in 12 minutes. The 7-foot-1, 210-pound center played last season for the Xinjiang Flying Tigers of the Chinese Basketball Association after the Rockets drafted him with the 43rd overall pick in 2016.
Josh Akognon led Shanghai with 27 points, and Nick Minnerath had 22.
Related
comments
Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more.
Graphic: Erica Offutt
Toss in all your stuff for the weekend in this attractive Lifewit duffle bag for just $25 (with promo code UJPNOAUL). It's made of durable canvas with real leather trim, and weighs just 2 pounds. $25 is the best price we've ever seen, so if you've been needing a new overnight back, grab this before it takes off.
Nothing is certain yet but the next LG flagship phone may sport an iris scanner and a Snapdragon 845 processor. The LG G7 is expected to be unveiled in the first quarter of the year and it may boast of the iris recognition technology that has slowly entered the mobile industry. We first tried it with the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 but we all know what happened to the phone. The South Korean tech giant then decided to roll it out again on the next premium flagship phones–the Galaxy S8 and S8+ plus the recently announced Galaxy Note 8. We have a feeling other OEMs will follow and one of the firsts will be LG.
LG is set to unveil the G7 in the coming months with the advanced technology for security. Nokia is also rumored to feature the same tech. The feature isn't perfect yet but we know it has big potential to be utilized for more functions.
The other South Korean tech giant is no longer thinking of using 18:9 display bezel-less screen because LG actually started it. Other OEMs just followed. Now, it's time for the company to work on something new. The iris scanner could be a nice addition and to beat Samsung, it may probably innovate a bit like add more responsiveness and speed.
VIA: LetsGoDigital
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Yeovil Town boss Darren Way said that he always felt like his side were always in control after their 2-0 win over Cambridge United.
It's a view that is at odds with what his opposite number Shaun Derry said, with the U's head coach bemoaning his side's inability to take their chances before Nathan Smith grabbed a goal against the run of play.
Indeed, fantastic opportunities fell to Uche Ikpeazu and Billy Waters in the first half before Brad Halliday could have opened the scoring just after the break.
Smith then scored for Yeovil after the U's didn't properly defend from a set-piece before Alex Fisher compounded a difficult day with a goal late on.
And Way said that he's glad to finally be proving the doubters wrong after picking up his second victory of the week, moving his side seven points from the drop-zone.
“I just felt that we always felt in control. They had one chance which you're always going to get at League Two level, which Artur pulled off a fantastic save from, but I just felt that throughout the game, I didn't real worried by any stretch of the imagination," he said.
“I said to the players after the game that I feel proud of what they've done since the Manchester United game because you're always judged after that on what direction we're going in.
“Any manager, any supporter, any chairman up and down the country is trying to gather momentum and if there's one thing you saw today and you could see it in the players' eyes, it's that we could get a little bit of momentum.
“There will still be doubters and you'll always get that, but I think of the supporters that are turning up and they're really driving the team on and ignoring all the critics.”
It's heartbreaking how young men and women lose their lives in tragic accidents.
Two young Nigerians have just been reported dead in South Africa. The deceased were said to be returning from a nightclub when the unexpected incident took place.
Following their demise, some of their friends and family members have taken to social media to mourn the young men.
One of the deceased Sainth Nnamdi. Source: Sainth Nnamdi/Facebook
READ ALSO: Beautiful young lady exposes man who shared money on a Facebook group
One Bolo J Black Blackson took to his Facebook profile to share photos of one of the deceased with the caption: “Still in shock. The only brother that gives me problem on Facebook, we laugh all the time, threaten each other, play a lot. I don't even know why good people die young. Rest on blood.”
See post below:
PAY ATTENTION: Get the hottest gist on Naija Uncensored Facebook Group
A young lady with the name Pelter Pretty Hurts on Facebook also shared some pictures with the caption: “Can someone please tell me it's a joke, so when you called you were actually saying goodbye to me Sainth Nnamdi why do you choose to hurt me like this after so much we spoke about. Just when I was preparing to come to Sandton n this morning I wake up to this, it hurts me so bad, what a beautiful, humble and caring soul. I'm so angry with you Nnamdi. May your Soul Rest In Perfect Peace.”
See post below:
RIP!
Emanuella And Mark Angel: If All Men Disappeared, What Would You Do? - Street Gist | Naij.com TV - on NAIJ.com TV.
[embedded content]
Subscribe to watch new videos
Source: Naija.ng
Posted by Zac Jackson on January 2, 2017, 5:09 PM EST
Browns Executive Vice President of Football Operations Sashi Brown told reporters Monday that he does not think the Browns will add anyone to their non-traditional front office.
Brown also said he doesn't see the need to add another voice to the personnel department.
Browns Owner Jimmy Haslam gave Brown control of the 53-man roster at the end of the 2015 when he fired then-general manager Ray Farmer. After Sunday's season finale, Haslam said the Browns would not be making changes atop the organization after the Browns finished 1-15 in their first season with Brown in charge and Hue Jackson as coach.
In the same Monday press conference, Jackson said he would not rule out possible coaching staff changes.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories on NBC's “Megyn Kelly Today.”
Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.
The White House called the claims false and “totally disputed in most cases.” It said “the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes.”
One of the accusers, Rachel Crooks, called the White House statement “laughable.”
Crooks said of sexual misconduct: “I think politicians seem to be immune to this.”
Holvey described the pain the women felt after Trump's victory. “We are private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there, to try to show America who this man is, and especially how he views women, for them to say, ‘Meh, we don't care,' it hurt.”
The women, who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election, were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump's alleged behavior. They cited the recent revelations of sexual misconduct by prominent men in business, media, and politics, for their decision to speak out publicly against Trump once again.
“The environment's different,” Holvey said. “Let's try again.”
Lewis Dunk says stepping up to the Premier League with his hometown club is a dream come true.
The Brighton & Hove Albion defender helped Albion to the promised land this afternoon - with Huddersfield Town's draw with Derby County confirming the Seagulls' fate.
They had to wait on the result of the 5pm kick-off at Pride Park, before their return to the top flight after 34 years was confirmed.
Brighton has a seven-point lead over second-placed Newcastle with three games remaining, and the Seagulls win the league if they beat Norwich on Friday.
Dunk - who joined the club youngster - revealed: "It's amazing, seeing the club where it is now from where it has come from. I have been here since I was ten-years-old, I have seen everything through my years.
"To see where it is now in this stadium and in the Premier League it is amazing. It's a dream come true for me, my family and everyone involved in the club.
"I played a few games at the Withdean, but when we moved here I had my first full season.
"As a Varndean local, it's massive for the city, it will be a massive boost and there are many, many fans in this city and it's a dream come true for all of them. For everyone involved with the club it's massive and I am glad to be part of it.
"I think we have gone under the radar, but we have been quietly confident in our little bubble that we can do it and all the talk has been about Newcastle.
"To be fair, they should have walked the league, but we have the fight and will continue that fight until the end. That's our next target now to be champions, hopefully we can do. Let's see."
On next season, the centre-back added: "It's too soon, we are just enjoying where we are now, enjoy the rest of the season, enjoy the summer and come back pre-season and get our heads down. We know it is going to be tough next year.
"I think we will always be the same way we are right now as season, so that will stand us in good stead."
Queen Elizabeth II may be the head of the British Monarchy, but, deep down, she's just like any other grandmother, decorating her home with photos of her grandkids.
Want proof? An eagle-eyed reporter at Hello magazine spotted a never-before-seen picture of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle adorning the queen's table in Buckingham Palace. The reporter spotted the pic in the background of a shot taken Wednesday during the queen's private audience with George Brandis, the Australian high commissioner to the U.K. The framed photo — one of a few others that are blocked — shows Markle wearing a pale blue dress nuzzled up against her prince in a blue suit. It's unclear where, exactly, the picture was taken, though Hello speculates that it could be from a selection of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's engagement photos that were never released publicly.
Pinterest PHOTO: Getty Images
See the pic up close, below:
The queen and Prince Harry are known to have a close bond, so it's hardly surprising that she'd decorate her home with photos of him and Markle. "Don't forget she's hugely close to her grandson," royal expert Katie Nicholl said ahead of the royal wedding . "They have a very special relationship. She is thrilled to be seeing Harry settle down and finally marry."
Not to mention that there was another tough audience that immediately took to Harry's significant other: the queen's corgis.
“It was very sweet,” Markle said of meeting the pups. To which Prince Harry responded: “For the last 33 years, I've been barked at. This one walks in, and absolutely nothing! Just wagging tails.”
Considering there was also an entire batch of official portraits taken on the day of the royal wedding that included Markle, Prince Harry, Prince William, Kate Middleton, and the queen herself, we're willing to bet that there will be a new addition to the mantle in the near future.
Related Stories:
Here's Why Queen Elizabeth II Has Two Birthdays
Selfie-seeking tourist bitten by Thai croc
BANGKOK, Thailand – A French tourist was bitten by a crocodile inside a Thai national park as she tried to get close to the fearsome animal to take a selfie, an official said yesterday.
The incident took place on Sunday afternoon in Khao Yai, a popular national park filled with dense jungle hiking trails and waterfalls three hours north of Bangkok.
“She wanted to take selfie with the crocodile who was lying down near a stream,” a park official told AFP, asking not to be named because he did not have the authority to speak to the media. “It was startled and bit her on the leg.”
The official said two crocodiles had made their home on that particular section of the park for years with warning signs laid out. “I guess that she wanted to see it for real,” he added.
Local media posted pictures of park rangers dressed in camouflage carrying the 47-year-old victim strapped to a stretcher, a thick bandage wrapped around her knee. Another shot showed a ranger pointing to a pool of blood close to a sign saying in Thai and English “Danger Crocodile No Swimming.” (AFP)
Related
comments
Photo: Mads Perch
By Scott T. Sterling
Two great voices that sound great together.
Such was the case at London's Royal Albert Hall over the weekend (Dec. 8) when Led Zeppelin legend Robert Plant welcomed Chrissie Hynde of the Pretenders to perform a pair of songs during his show with his band the Sensational Space Shifters.
Related: Robert Plant On ‘Civil' Relationship With Led Zeppelin
Hynde joined Plant to perform “Bluebirds Over the Mountain,” the Ersel Kichey cover from Plant's latest solo album, Carry Fire, that features Hynde. She stuck around to sing 1983 Pretenders single, “2000 Miles.”
Watch fan footage of the inspired performance below.
By Wang Chun-chieh and William Hetherington / Staff reporter, with staff writer
Relatives of deceased Hsinchu resident Kuo Chin-tsao (郭金灶) last week donated Kuo's savings of NT$16.35 million (US$539,568) to help the underprivileged according to his will.
The donation, made by Kuo's great-nephew Chen Hsin-hua (陳信樺) and Chen's wife, Fu Hsin-yi (傅心怡), was the largest personal donation ever made in Hsinchu, Deputy Mayor Shen Hui-hung (沈慧虹) said.
When accepting the donation on Friday, Shen bowed to the couple three times and thanked them on behalf of the city.
Kuo was born in 1928 during the Japanese colonial period and moved to Tokyo to work at Toshiba after Japan lost the war, Hsinchu Department of Social Welfare Director Chen Hsueh-hui (陳雪慧) said.
Chen Hsin-hua said he moved to Tokyo to live with Kuo in 2001 after finishing his compulsory military service, citing an interest in continuing his Japanese language studies.
His mother had encouraged the decision as Kuo, Chen Hsin-hua's great-uncle on his mother's side, was old and living alone, he said.
He said his great-uncle was very strict and frugal, which he attributed to his upbringing during the Japanese colonial era.
“He often ate only one steamed roll for the entire day,” he said.
Kuo became ill toward the end of his life and underwent a few operations in Japan, Chen Hsin-hua said.
He eventually returned to Taiwan to be looked after by a nurse.
Kuo was 88 years old when he returned to Taiwan, having never married, Chen Hsueh-hui said.
Kuo had always expressed concern for the underprivileged and near the end of his life, he hired a lawyer to help him draft a will in which he laid out his intention to donate his savings, Chen Hsin-hua said, adding that Kuo had no children and his siblings had already passed away.
He said he had hoped to fulfill his great-uncle's wishes as quickly as possible, but the process took a year due to the large amount and the paperwork involved.
“He always wanted to help the vulnerable people of Hsinchu, particularly older people who live alone and children,” Fu said.
“After talking with the local fire brigade and social workers, we decided the money should be used to pay for search-and-rescue equipment and services for disabled people,” she said.
Fu said she hoped a portion of the money would be used to help people with needs who are ineligible or unable to apply for social assistance.
The city will follow Kuo's wishes and purchase emergency medical equipment and vehicles for disabled people, she said, adding that a portion of the funds would be used to help children from lower and middle-income families and older people who live alone.
The city is to publish details of how the funds are to be used, she added.
SINGAPORE: Malaysia's decision to drop its legal challenges on Pedra Branca's sovereignty is not a surprise, said Professor S Jayakumar on Thursday (May 31), who added that the latest development has “put the matter to rest amicably”.
Professor S Jayakumar is the chair of Singapore's Pedra Branca International Court of Justice (ICJ) Committee. Alongside Attorney-General Lucien Wong, Professor Tommy Koh and former Chief Justice Chan Sek Keong, they form the core of the country's legal team for this case.
Advertisement
Professor Jayakumar, Professor Koh and Mr Chan were also part of the original team that argued Singapore's case at The Hague in 2007.
In response to media queries about Malaysia's decision to discontinue legal proceedings, Professor Jayakumar said in a statement that he was “very surprised” when the former Malaysian government filed two applications to the International Court of Justice (ICJ) last year to revise and to interpret a 2008 judgement that awarded the sovereignty of Pedra Branca to Singapore.
The former deputy prime minister said the Singapore team, alongside the foreign legal counsel, felt that Malaysia's cases “had very weak legal basis”.
“We were very confident of our own legal case on both applications,” he said. “Therefore I am not surprised that the new Malaysian Government had proposed to discontinue both these cases. This has put the matter to rest amicably.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
He added that he began working with the legal team on the cases since last February, and that all members of the team were fully prepared for the upcoming oral hearings at the ICJ.
“Some members of the team are disappointed that the cases will not be heard. They had put in a lot of work and were looking forward to arguing our cases before the ICJ Judges,” he added.
Nevertheless, Professor Jayakumar said he has been cheered by the way the Singapore team has worked on the cases throughout the past one and a half years.
He was, for one, “very impressed” by the legal acumen and dedication of the younger lawyers in the team.
“The more senior lawyers … have worked very well with the younger international lawyers in the team,” he said. “We now have a new generation of highly competent international lawyers. We are in good hands when similar international legal disputes arise in the future.”
He also highlighted the “great inter-agency team effort”, which involved close collaboration between various agencies like the Attorney-General's Chambers and Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
He also acknowledged the “excellent trio of foreign legal counsel”, comprising Professor Alain Pellet, Mr Rodman Bundy and Mr Daniel Muller.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A number of pigs died following a fire at a farm in North Lincolnshire last night.
Humberside Fire and Rescue Service officers were called to the blaze in a pig shed at Firtree Farm, on East Marsh Road, Goxhill, at around 4.20pm yesterday.
At the height of the blaze, six engines and a water supply unit were in attendance.
It is understood that around 250 pigs were saved from the shed fire but around 70 are thought to have died.
A fire service spokeswoman said the cause of the blaze was still under investigation.
The nine staff members at Firtree Farm were today said by the farmer, Alex Godfrey, to be extremely upset over the deaths of some of the 10,000-strong herd at Goxhill.
Mr Godfrey said: "We are all working hard on looking after the welfare of the surviving pigs and have taken veterinary advice.
"We are also working closely with the fire service to identify the cause of the fire."
Mr Godfrey said at this stage, he was unable to quantify how many animals had died in the blaze.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday said he wants to withdraw American troops from Syria "relatively soon" but not before their mission is completed, adding that negotiations over the crisis there should be part of a larger deal regarding Iran.
"We want to come home. We'll be coming home. But we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint, and that was a very big part of our discussion," Trump said at a joint news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron at the White House.
(Reporting by Jeff Mason; Writing by Susan Heavey and Tim Ahmann; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Broadneck High School senior Ben Switzman learned his surname, translated, means “the last caboose.” The very last train car on the long line snaking down the track.
The 17-year-old member of the cross-country team at Broadneck High, Ben is among the top seven runners with a personal record of 17:40 for a 3-mile run. He loves participating in the annual Annapolis 10 Miler Race.
Running became his sport of choice in middle school. He loved getting outside and running.
Ben is also on the varsity indoor and outdoor track teams. His specialty is the pole vault for which he took sixth place at the most recent state competition.
“I have been lucky enough to coach Ben all four seasons that I have been back to Broadneck,” said Andrew Villwock, a social studies instructor, boys cross-country coach, and head indoor and outdoor track coach.
“Unlike many high school athletes who seek attention for every accomplishment, Ben is quiet and humble at all times. This spring, when he had a tremendous regional meet that qualified him for states, his reaction was 100 percent without any arrogance. I can always count on his leadership and being a good example to the younger athletes.”
The teen vaults high academically, too, with a grade-point average that places him in the top quarter of his class. Active in the National Honor Society, he jumps into community service activities and participates in the school's recycling programs. He also helps with school grounds cleanup events.
Science instructor Matthew Bem said Ben is driven and able to juggle the rigors of school and extracurricular activities.
“He is authentic in his enthusiasm for learning, yet his strongest ambition is in the pursuit of a challenge,” Bem said.
Whether it be through undertaking college courses while still in high school, pushing himself for a personal best track record or finding time to volunteer into his loaded schedule, Ben strives to exceed the expectations placed on him — particularly his own.
Ben and his family attend Temple Beth Shalom, a Jewish Reform congregation in Arnold.
At the Temple, Ben volunteers to teach youngsters in fifth through seventh grades about the history of Judaism. He also tutors them in Hebrew in preparation for their Bar or Bat Mitzvah ceremonies celebrating their coming of age.
“Ben is an extraordinary young man. He is mature and thoughtful and kind,” said Rabbi Ari Goldstein, who leads the congregants of Temple Beth Shalom. “He is a very active and enthusiastic leader of youth group as well. In fact he has inspired many teens to be more involved in youth leadership as a result of his personal commitment and modeling.”
His father, Alan Switzman, is a commercial real estate appraiser. Jessica Switzman, his mother, is a nurse anesthesiologist at Johns Hopkins Hospital. Big sister Marisa, 19, is an English major at Northeastern University in Boston.
Ben, too, is looking at colleges in Boston, in part to be closer to his sibling.
“I want a large school with biology, math and business programs,” he said. “I plan to do general studies while I decide on a major.”
He's been intrigued, lately, by the two-dimensional art he has created in his AP art class, which utilizes watercolor and acrylic paints in creating landscapes, still lifes and portraits. Ben might continue taking art classes in college.
And, while he likes Boston for its proximity to the ocean and other waters, Ben's also mulling colleges in the western states.
Recently, he was reminded of how a life can change in an instant. A narrow scar snakes across the bridge of his nose. A fairly recent injury, it is still red.
He was involved in an accident while riding his bicycle through the streets of Annapolis this summer.
“I slammed into a car in downtown Annapolis and went through the windshield,” Ben said. Miraculously, the only injury was the cut on his nose.
“My helmet saved me.”
0 5-year-old claims teacher taped mouth, tossed lunch
DEARBORN HEIGHTS, Mich. - A little boy from Michigan says his teachers put tape over his mouth and threw away his lunch and he says he was told not to tell anyone about what happened.
Abdul Dannaoui said it happened back on March 26 at Highview Elementary School, WXYZ reported.
He said it didn't happen only once either. Abdul told his parents and WXYZ that he has been prevented from eating lunch and his snack up to 10 times.
>> Read more trending news
“I'm emotionally heartbroken. Disappointed. That's his second home. That's how they treat a child with asthma?” his mother Hoda said to WXYZ.
School officials told WXYZ that the taping incident happened at Great Start Readiness Program at Cherry Hill Baptist Church and that it was a substitute teacher assistant who scotch-taped Abdul's mouth shut. The person no longer works at the school.
The Dannaouis have filed a police report and are considering legal action against the district, WXYZ reported.
They say a second adult was in the room at the time. That teacher is still working for the district. The family's attorney, Nabih Ayad, told WXYZ, “One of the teachers was discharged. But, they kept the other teacher who said don't tell your mom or dad, and even gave him a bracelet to entice him not to tell anyone.”
Abdul is changing schools after the incident.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Malaysia's Transport Minister, Loke Siew Fook, on Wednesday said a final report on MH370, the Malaysian Airlines plane that mysteriously disappeared in March 2014 with 239 people on board, would “hopefully” be published in July.
The search for the missing aircraft officially ended on Tuesday after the private underwater search company, Ocean Infinity, failed to locate the plane during its canvassing of an area totaling 125,000 square kilometres.
“In spite of every effort, using the best technology available modeling and advice from a highly skilled team of experts the search has not yielded the result we hope for,'' Loke said in a statement.
Loke said investigations by Australia, France, Indonesia, Singapore, Britain, the U.S. and Malaysia would be included in a final report, which Malaysia hoped to publish in July.
“The aspiration to locate MH370 will never be abandoned.
“We remain ever hopeful that we will be able to find the answers we seek, and that new information will come to light, and that at some point in the future the aircraft will be located,'' Loke said.
SEOUL/KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysian police on Wednesday detained a woman holding Vietnam travel papers and are looking for a "few" other foreign suspects in connection with the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's estranged half-brother, police said.
Lawmakers in South Korea had earlier cited their spy agency as saying it suspected two female North Korean agents had murdered Kim Jong Nam, and U.S. government sources also told Reuters they believed North Korean assassins were responsible.
The portly and gregarious Kim Jong Nam, the eldest son of late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, was assaulted on Monday morning in the departure hall of Kuala Lumpur International Airport and died on the way to hospital, Malaysian police said.
The woman detained at Kuala Lumpur airport was identified from CCTV footage at the airport and was alone when she was apprehended, police said in a statement.Media had earlier published a grainy CCTV-captured image of a young woman wearing a white shirt with the letters "LOL" on the front.
Documents she carried were in the name of Doan Thi Huong, showed a birth date of May 1998 and birthplace of Nam Dinh, Vietnam, police said.
"Police are looking for a few others, all foreigners," Deputy Inspector-General Noor Rashid Ibrahim told Reuters, declining to give their nationalities or gender.
South Korean intelligence believes Kim Jong Nam was poisoned, the lawmakers in South Korea's capital, Seoul, said.
The spy agency told them that the young and unpredictable North Korean leader had issued a "standing order" for his half-brother's assassination, and that there had been a failed attempt in 2012.
"The cause of death is strongly suspected to be a poisoning attack," said South Korean lawmaker Kim Byung-kee, who was briefed by the spy agency.
Kim had been at the airport's budget terminal to catch a flight to Macau on Monday when someone grabbed or held his face from behind, after which he felt dizzy and sought help at an information desk, Malaysian police official Fadzil Ahmat said.
According to South Korea's spy agency, Kim Jong Nam had been living, under Beijing's protection, with his second wife in the Chinese territory of Macau, the lawmakers said. One of them said Kim Jong Nam also had a wife and son in Beijing.
Kim had spoken out publicly against his family's dynastic control of the isolated state.
"If the murder of Kim Jong Nam was confirmed to be committed by the North Korean regime, that would clearly depict the brutality and inhumanity of the Kim Jong-un regime," South Korean Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, who is also acting president, told a security meeting.
The meeting was called in response to Kim Jong Nam's death, news of which first emerged late on Tuesday.
'SENSE OF DANGER'
South Korea is acutely sensitive to any sign of instability in isolated North Korea, and is still technically in a state of war with its impoverished and nuclear-armed neighbour, which carried out its latest ballistic missile test on Sunday.
Malaysian police said Kim held a passport under the name Kim Chol, with a birth date that made him 46.
Kim Jong Nam was known to spend a significant amount of time outside North Korea, travelling in Macau and Hong Kong as well as mainland China, and has been caught in the past using forged travel documents.
His body was taken on Wednesday to a second hospital, where an autopsy was being performed. North Korean embassy officials had arrived at the hospital and were coordinating with authorities, police sources said.
There was no mention of Kim Jong Nam's death in North Korean media.
In Beijing, a foreign ministry spokesman said China was aware of the reports and closely following developments.
Yoji Gomi, a Japanese journalist who wrote a 2012 book on Kim Jong Nam, said Kim's media appearances, which increased around the time South Korean intelligence said he was targeted for assassination, may have been an attempt to protect himself.
"I now have the impression that even he may have had a sense of danger, so he began exposing himself in the media and stating his opinions to protect himself and counter North Korea," Gomi told a talk show on Japan's NTV.
North Korean agents have killed rivals abroad before.
South Korea's spy agency said Kim Jong Nam wrote a letter to Kim Jong-un in 2012 asking that the lives of him and his family be spared, one of the lawmakers said.
"Kim Jong-un may have been worried about more and more North Korean elites turning against him after Thae Yong Ho defected to the South," said Koh Yu-hwan, an expert on the North Korean leadership at Dongguk University in Seoul, referring to last year's defection by North Korea's deputy ambassador in London.
Numerous North Korean officials have been purged or killed since Kim Jong-un took power following his father's death in 2011. Those include his uncle Jang Song Thaek, who was considered the country's second most-powerful person and was believed to have been close to Kim Jong Nam.
Jang was executed on Kim Jong-un's orders in 2013.
(Reporting by Ju-min Park, Cynthia Kim, Hyunjoo Jin and Yun Hwan Chae in SEOUL, Joseph Sipalan, Praveen Menon and Emily Chow in KUALA LUMPUR, and Philip Wen in BEIJING; Writing by Tony Munroe and John Chalmers)
ENGLAND stars were pictured unwinding today after their heroic penalty shoot-out victory against Colombia last night.
“had to come through the sternest of tests in Moscow to reach the quarter-final of the World Cup”
The Three Lions had to come through the sternest of tests in Moscow to reach the quarter-final of the World Cup.
Harry Kane initially fired them in front from the penalty spot - after being brought down in the box by Carlos Sanchez - yet, with victory seemingly in the bag, Yerry Mina headed in a dramatic equaliser for Colombia deep into stoppage time.
Then, after 30 nervy minutes of extra-time, the game headed for the dreaded spot-kicks.
It looked like the same old story for England when Jordan Henderson was denied, but Colombia's Mateus Uribe followed the Liverpool captain by smashing his effort onto the crossbar.
Jordan Pickford then turned hero for England. Producing an outstanding save from Carlos Bacca to set up Eric Dier for the win - and the Tottenham midfielder made no mistake to seal a dramatic triumph.
After their heroics, the likes of Dier and Henderson were spotted relaxing at their hotel base this afternoon.
CLICK THROUGH THE GALLERY ABOVE TO TAKE A LOOK.
In Geordie Shore series 17, Holly Hagan jetted out to Australia to join her former co-stars and the newbies.
And now, another OG is coming back four years after he left to pursue his off-screen romance and business opportunities.
James Tindale was one of the first eight cast members alongside Holly, Charlotte Crosby, Greg Lake, Gaz Beadle, Jay Gardner, Vicky Pattison and current star Sophie Kasaei.
Filming has started for series 18, with the cast being joined by newbie Faith Mullen – and James.
He was spotted out with the gang and having a laugh in a kebab shop with Abbie Holborn and Chloe Ferry.
Megan Leavey will pry those tears from you, dammit
Can a film be clunky, manipulative, and schmaltzy, and still manage to get you choked up? Sure, there are a ton of mediocre tearjerkers that basically pry the tears out of your eyes with a sap and a crowbar. Megan Leavey is one of those strong-arm soaps, and it certainly doesn't hurt that it has a certain secret weapon in the forced-waterworks department—an adorable bomb-sniffing German shepherd. All together now: Awwwwww.
Based on a true story, Gabriela Cowperthwaite's film stars Kate Mara as a young woman in a spiritual rut who comes from a small town and a broken home (Edie Falco and Bradley Whitford play her divorced parents). Mara's Megan hasn't been the same since her best friend died of a drug overdose. She's wracked with survivor's guilt, depression, and the kind of can't-get-out-of-bed aimlessness that makes holding down a job difficult. Her people skills aren't just lacking, they're nonexistent. So, in the kind of fast-forward plotting that could only exist in a movie racing to get in and out of its furry, four-legged redemption story in under two hours, Megan enlists with the Marines where she will end up finding the canine that will give her life meaning.
Mara, an actress who's probably best known for her early arc and oncoming-train demise in House of Cards, isn't the most expressive actress. Frankly, she's a bit flat. And everything that happens in Megan Leavey before the dog enters the picture is pretty flat, too. But after being caught publicly urinating after a night of drinking, she's punished by being assigned to clean out cages in the K-9 unit. And that's where she meets Rex—the meanest dog in the kennel. It's love at first sight. Well, after he bites her in the ass.
First impressions aside, Rex turns out to be big, soulful-eyed pussycat beneath his ferocious bark. But really, only for her. These two have a special bond. And Megan becomes a model Marine trying to get assigned as his handler. In no time (literally, the film always seems like it's rushing to catch a train), the two are shipped over to Iraq where they save lives sniffing out IEDs. Cowperthwaite (who directed the 2013 documentary Blackfish) does better in this middle stretch of the film with a handful of tense combat scenes that show the daily dangers they face and how every step could be your last one. But then these soul mates are separated and the film makes a u-turn right back to schmaltzville.
In the end, what sticks with you isn't Mara or the superficial, one-woman's-inspirational-journey narrative, but rather Rex and the crumpled wad of Kleenex at your feet. If you're looking for a good cry, Megan Leavey gets the job done, I suppose. But it's a bit like a wet kiss from a puppy. Heartwarming and sloppy.
Megan Leavey
TYPE: Movie GENRE: Biography, Drama RELEASE DATE: 06/09/17 RUNTIME: 116 Minutes PERFORMER: Kate Mara, Tom Felton, Bradley Whitford DIRECTOR: Gabriela Cowperthwaite MPAA: PG-13
Facing potentially deep budget cuts to US foreign aid, new USAID administrator Mark Green says he needs to do more with less and prove to President Donald Trump that development assistance can further his "America First" agenda.In a first meeting with Trump back in January, Green made his pitch to the then president-elect, drawing from his experience in Central America to explain how US-funded programs there could help slow the number of immigrants trying to enter the United States illegally."I said 'Mr President-elect, I believe our development tools can help us achieve just about every one of your strategic priorities,'" Green told Reuters in his first interview since starting last week as head of the US Agency for International Development.Green had previously worked on US-supported projects with indigenous mayors in Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador to improve living conditions "so kids hopefully don't go 1,000 miles through the worst conditions imaginable and jump the border.""It works and is a great way to use development," he said, sitting in a still bare office at USAID headquarters blocks from the White House.Green brings a unique resume to the job: a former four-term Republican congressman from Wisconsin who served as U.S. Ambassador to Tanzania under President George W. Bush. In his last job as head of the International Republican Institute, he helped promote governance and democracy overseas.His time on Capitol Hill will be key to his new job. In a sign of his good standing there, Green's nomination had support across the political spectrum, as well as among aid groups.Trump staked out his position on foreign aid on the campaign trail, casting it as a waste of US tax dollars. And now his administration has proposed slashing the budget for foreign aid by a third, which could gut programs across a range of issues including health, governance, gender and education.But US foreign assistance has traditionally garnered bipartisan support in Congress, which controls the aid purse strings. Green has stronger relations with lawmakers than his predecessors, who battled Congress on funding and objectives."What's very different for Mark Green is that his strongest allies are on the Hill," said Scott Morris, a senior fellow at the Center for Global Development in Washington. "Where he faces headwinds are with both the White House and the State Department.""There is a real potential for conflicts in basic philosophy about what USAID does," added Morris.Green is nevertheless sanguine about prospects for a downsized, budget-constrained USAID."We can't do everything," he said. "The resources are limited, so we have to prioritize."Green takes over an agency that has already been through waves of reform in the last decade, adapting to shifting global development patterns featuring deep-pocket philanthropic groups, more private-sector investment in emerging economies, and the rise of China as a financier in the developing world.New demands have emerged with an unprecedented refugee crisis from wars in Syria and Iraq, along with famine in Africa, and growing violent extremism."USAID's humanitarian work is unrivaled, it is mobilization of American generosity, and it will continue," Green said, adding that U.S. assistance should both help in times of crisis and prevent crises from occurring.He wants US foreign assistance to focus on results to show Americans that their tax-dollars are being put to good use."I am going to ask every program to show me how it is moving us closer to the day when people can lead themselves," said Green. "If it is not helping, they're going to have to tell me why."
News emerged earlier today that the Special One is interested in the West Ham forward.
Arnautovic joined the Hammers from Stoke for a club-record £24m fee just last summer.
He netted 11 goals during the campaign and made a further eight assists when he broke into the side under David Moyes.
West Ham are said to value their star at £50m as Mourinho looks to add support to his Manchester United attack for Romelu Lukaku.
The Special One worked with Arnautovic at Inter Milan but questioned his mentality during that period.
The charges against Alek Minassian fill almost five pages: Ten counts of first-degree murder. Another 13 of attempted murder with one more expected any day.
Line upon line of allegations detail the inexplicable rampage that turned a stretch of Yonge St. into a killing field on a warm spring afternoon in the worst mass murder in our city's history.
“Alek Minassian, on or about the 23rd day of April in the year 2018 at the City of Toronto in the Toronto Region did commit first degree murder to … unknown person, contrary to Section 235 Subsection 1 of the Criminal Code of Canada.” And so the court information repeats itself 10 times for 10 “unknown persons” as authorities struggle to identify all the victims slain in the van attack.
They are Toronto homicides numbers 18 to 27 for 2018.
Not unknown are the 13 who are maimed but lucky enough to have survived. Their names a roll call of the multicultural nature of our beloved city: “Alek Minassian on or about the 23rd day of April in the year 2018 at the City of Toronto,” it reads, “did attempt to murder by hitting with a motor vehicle…”: Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, Beverly Smith, Robert Anderson and So Ra.
How horrific this was. And how many more lives might have been lost on those crowded sidewalks stretching between Finch and Sheppard, but for the immediate medical care those pedestrians received?
Yet how unbowed the suspect appears. The tall 25-year-old Richmond Hill man is led into the prisoner's box, dressed in a white disposable jumpsuit, his hair closely shorn and his hands handcuffed behind him. “Alek Minassian,” he announces in a loud staccato voice when asked his name by justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg.
He's told that he will be remanded in custody — those accused of murder must apply for bail to a higher court — and is not to contact any of his alleged victims. “Do you understand?” he's asked by the JP. “Yes,” Minassian replies in the same loud voice.
The windowless Finch Ave. courthouse is filled with dozens of reporters from home and around the world. In the front row sits a man believed to be the suspect's father, Vahe Minassian. Later he will whisper “Sorry” to the crush of journalists demanding a comment as they follow the broken man to his car.
We are left to comb through his son's social media pages and bombard his high school and college friends to glean who he may be, to hunt for a reason why 10 people will never come home. A portrait emerges of a socially awkward young man and failed infantry recruit, the kind of odd loner we're used to reading about after yet another mass shooting in the United States.
Only this is our city. And instead of a gun, Minassian is alleged to have used a rental van as the deadly weapon to express his rage.
Too much time and energy has been spent by some trying to debate whether this was terrorism. So far, there doesn't appear to be any religious or political motivation at work here; this isn't the kind of terrorist attack that has wounded so many other major cities.
Yet it is terror just the same, and we are reeling.
The desperate need to understand follows in its wake. How could this happen here? What would motivate someone to mimic those heinous attacks in London, Nice and Edmonton, and plow a white van through innocent people simply walking along the city's longest street, hurling their bodies into the air?
In an alarming disclosure, Toronto Police Det. Sgt. Graham Gibson told reporters the victims Monday were “predominately female.” Was that by accident or design? Was this mass murder truly motivated by an internet-stoked anger toward women, as a cryptic post on Minassian's Facebook page seems to suggest?
If true, this isn't a new breed of terrorism we have just witnessed, but one that is horribly old and familiar: The Montreal massacre 29 years ago saw enraged misogynist Marc Lepine slay 14 women, and wound 10 women and four men at the École Polytechnique.
And that is truly terrifying: After almost three decades, have we really not advanced at all?
mmandel@postmedia.com
Liverpool: Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has termed Sunday's Premier League meeting with Tottenham Hotspur as a 'six-point' clash but believes his team hold the advantage with the game being played at Anfield.
In-form Liverpool are unbeaten in 14 league games but face a tough challenge against a Tottenham team high on confidence after their dominant 2-0 win over second-placed Manchester United in midweek.
"These are 'six-point' games and the only advantage one team can have in a situation like this is to play at home, at Anfield in this case," Klopp said.
"That's really good and I'm looking forward to it."
Liverpool is third in the league with 50 points and ahead of champions Chelsea on goal difference while Tottenham are two points behind as they target a Champions League spot.
"With the situation in the table, our targets and what we want to do and where we want to finish the season, it is clear it is a very important game," Klopp said.
Asked about winger Sadio Mane, who has scored two goals in his last four league games but missed chances in the 3-0 victory over Huddersfield Town, Klopp said, "Even if Sadio is not at his best, he is still a threat for the other team.
"Mane had the two biggest chances in Huddersfield and didn't score. No problem when you win 3-0. You need to carry on.
"You have to go through. You have to build on the good things and work on the not-so-good things. Sadio on an average day is still a fantastic player, that's the good news."
Klopp said he was pleased with new signing Virgil van Dijk's progress in his first month at Merseyside.
"We will all see Van Dijk at his best after the summer but we don't have the time to wait until then, why should we? He can bring a lot of things in already and that's good."
Players no longer will be penalized two shots for an incorrect scorecard if they were not aware of a rules violation when they signed their card.
The USGA and R&A also will no longer respond to most TV viewers' calls during the tournament.
The changes are part of a local rule effective Jan. 1.
Rescinding the scorecard penalty, famously applied to Lexi Thompson at the LPGA Tour's first major last April, is part of a broader standard for using video.
Thompson had a three-shot lead in the final round of the ANA Inspiration when a TV viewer noticed she had improperly replaced her golf ball on the green during the third round. She was penalized two shots for the infraction. Because that would have made her score two shots higher, she received an additional two-shot penalty for the scorecard error.
That became a four-shot penalty in the final hour of the tournament. Thompson rallied, but eventually lost to So Yeon Ryu in the first hole of a playoff.
Leaders from all major tours and organizations began meeting later that month.
The USGA and R&A are leading a group of top officials who are modernizing the Rules of Golf. The proposal currently is under public review and expected to be effective in 2019. The two-shot scorecard error would have been eliminated under the proposed rules.
The USGA and R&A also said only video from the telecast — not smart phones or other video from fans — can be used as evidence of a violation. It also said it would make it tougher for fans to call in if they think they see a violation on TV.
The change also means each tournament will assign one or more officials to monitor the video broadcast and help identify any violations or rules issues that might arise.
The PGA Tour has done this from time to time, but found that it often loses the use of a rules official on the course as he sits in a room watching TV for a violation that is rare over the course of the year.
According to the video review protocol for tournaments on TV, officials will not monitor or review any calls from views at home. That doesn't eliminate TV viewers from noticing violations — such as the incorrect drop by Tiger Woods at the 2013 Masters — but tournament officials will not have a method for fans to call, email or text.
In the case of the Masters, the viewer was a former rules expert who knew who to call at the course.
303 including 42 teens martyred in 2016
Budgam
Indian troops in their unabated acts of state terrorism martyred 303 innocent Kashmiris including 9 women and 42 teenagers during the year 2016.
According to the data issued by the Research Section of Kashmir Media Service, Sunday 39 of those martyred were killed in custody. The killings rendered 25 women widowed and 58 children orphaned. Indian paramilitary and police personnel subjected 19,011 civilians to torture, while 12,604 including Hurriyet leaders, activists, students and women leaders were arrested. 658 women were disgraced by the men in uniform. Most of the killings and other incidents of human rights violations took place in the backdrop of killing of renowned mujahid commander Burhan Muzaffar Wani by Indian forces on July 8, last year. Tens of thousands of people came out on the streets to protest against the killing. Burhan's martyrdom began a tumultuous phase in the recent history of Kashmir when forces used brute force to quell the uprising.
They killed over 115 innocent civilians, injured 16,000 and blinded around 150 with pellets since July, last year.
The troops martyred 8 Kashmiris including three in custody in December alone. As many as 233 people were injured due to use of bullets and pellets by Indian troops and police personnel on peaceful protesters during the month.
Hurriyet leaders Mohammad Yousuf Naqash, Hakeem Abdul Rasheed and Bilal Ahmad Siddiqui, today, visited residences of martyrs Sameer Wani, Javaid Ahmad Dar and Javaid Ahmad Mir in different areas of Budgam district and expressed solidarity with the bereaved families.
The leaders reiterated the pledge to continue the mission of the martyrs at all costs.
In London, the British government took up the issue of use of pellet guns by Indian forces on innocent Kashmiri people with India. As per media reports, this was disclosed by Baroness Anelay, Minister of State in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, while responding to a volley of written questions submitted by House of Lords member, Lord Nazir Ahmed.—KMS
Starbucks Corp has too many stores and its prices are too high, Wall Street analysts are starting to agree, as they seek to explain the company's slowing U.S. growth.
REUTERS: Starbucks Corp has too many stores and its prices are too high, Wall Street analysts are starting to agree, as they seek to explain the company's slowing U.S. growth.
The world's biggest coffee chain now has more U.S. locations than McDonald's Corp but it has been struggling for more than a year to lure the traffic needed to deliver the growth that investors have come to expect.
Executives last week warned that Starbucks' 2018 same-store sales growth would be at the low end of its forecast. The chain reported a 2 percent U.S. quarterly same-store sales gain that fell short of expectations on flat holiday traffic. Two years ago, those sales jumped 9 percent.
Starbucks itself has offered a laundry list of reasons for the deceleration in its domestic business, including weak retail traffic, changes to its rewards program, bottlenecks from a crush of mobile orders, and holiday merchandise and drink specials that failed to "resonate" with customers.
Executives concede that Starbucks' U.S. afternoon business has dragged down results in its most important market.
Still, they say that Starbucks - which had 14,163 U.S. locations at year-end, 25 percent more than five years ago and 127 more than McDonald's - is not cannibalizing its own sales or losing share in a market crowded with coffee sellers ranging from independent cafes to fast-food chains and convenience stores.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Analysts disagree. A recent analysis of restaurant industry trends, retail traffic and other factors led Bernstein analyst Sara Senatore to solidify her view that "excess unit growth, at a time when Starbucks is reaching a more mature stage of growth, is the root cause" of the company's domestic woes.
"Rather than a litany of excuses, we believe this is best explained by overcapacity in the industry," said John Zolidis, president of Quo Vadis Capital, a Paris-based boutique research firm. "Starbucks is contributing to the problem by opening new units."
Credit Suisse analyst Jason West said the brew of stepped-up competition combined with Starbucks' recent opening of roughly 700 U.S. stores a year, is weighing on its "ability to re-accelerate growth."
Starbucks said on Friday its new cafes perform well and bring more business to all nearby coffee shops, not just its own.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Proliferation of stores is not Starbucks' only problem, according to analysts. Zolidis also sees another troubling sign: "We believe the company has raised prices too much."
Starbucks did not immediately comment on pricing.
McDonald's and Dunkin' Donuts, owned by Dunkin' Brands Group Inc , have been holding down drink prices, said Maxim Group analyst Stephen Anderson, who analyzes 10 markets in the U.S. Northeast, including New York, Boston and Washington.
McDonald's - now selling US$1 coffee and US$2 small espresso drinks - has kept prices mostly flat for the last two years. Dunkin' Donuts' has raised prices by roughly 1 percent per year, while Starbucks has raised prices by about 3.5 percent each year, said Anderson, who added that the rivals may be peeling off some of Starbucks' less-affluent customers.
(Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles; editing by Bill Rigby and Lisa Shumaker)
BANDA ACEH, Indonesia: Firefighters in Indonesia are struggling to contain a blaze at an oil well in the northwestern province of Aceh that killed ten people and injured as many as 40, authorities said on Wednesday.
Flames towered over houses and trees as firefighters hosed down the area while villagers watched, in pictures posted on social media by Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, the spokesman of Indonesia's disaster mitigation agency.
"We are still collecting data on the number of victims because the fire has not been extinguished yet," the agency said in a statement.
The fire broke out in the east Aceh district in the early hours of Wednesday, after a well of depth 250 metres (820 ft) overflowed and residents gathered to collect the oil, the agency added.
Dozens of people were being rushed to hospital in the provincial capital of Banda Aceh, it said, adding that state oil firm Pertamina was providing equipment to help control the fire.
The head of police in east Aceh said the oil well might have been drilled illegally and the fire might have been started when someone was smoking a cigarette.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We suspect this is a well drilled by the community...and we suspect there was someone smoking in the area at the time," said police official Wahyu Kuncoro. The number of injured stood at 40, he added.
Such illegal drilling is common in Aceh, where Pertamina operates an oil field.
(Reporting by Reuters stringer in Banda Aceh; Additional reporting by Kanupriya Kapoor; Writing by Ed Davies; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Lozano was hugely impressive for Mexico in the group stage of the showpiece tournament in Russia.
He netted a fine winner in their opening victory over Germany and his performances have attracted plenty of interest.
Italian outlet TMW report that Arsenal has made an initial move for Lozano.
They claim sources close to the Gunners have made it clear that the club are keen on the 22-year-old.
The winger is under contract in Holland until June 2023 and is currently rated at around £25m.
AFP, YANGON, Myanmar
The Burmese government yesterday pledged to investigate a video apparently showing police beating and kicking Rohingya civilians, a rare admission that authorities might have carried out abuses against the Muslim minority.
Tens of thousands of people from the persecuted ethnic group — loathed by many of Myanmar's Buddhist majority — have fled a military operation in Rakhine State launched after attacks on police posts.
Bangladesh said that about 50,000 Rohingya have fled across its border in the past two months. Many have brought harrowing accounts of rape, murder and arson at the hands of Myanmar's security forces.
Their stories have raised global alarm and galvanized protests against Myanmar's de facto leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, who has been accused of not doing enough to help the Rohingya.
Her government has said troops are hunting militants behind deadly raids on police border posts, denying claims of atrocities and launching a dogged information campaign against reports of abuse.
However, authorities yesterday pledged to take action “against police who allegedly beat villagers during area clearance operations on 5 November in Kotankauk village” in a statement carried in state media.
Dozens of videos have emerged apparently showing security forces abusing Rohingya, but this is the first time the government has said it will take action over them.
The footage shows police hitting a young boy around the head as he walks to where dozens of villagers are lined up in rows seated on the ground, hands behind their heads.
Three officers in uniform then start attacking one of the sitting men, beating him with a stick and kicking him repeatedly in the face.
The video is filmed “selfie-style” by an officer, named as constable Zaw Myo Htike by state media, which said he recorded it during “clearance operations” in Kotankauk village.
A Rohingya activist said the footage had been verified by a refugee from the nearby camp, Shilkhali.
Buddhist-majority Myanmar has long discriminated against the stateless Rohingya, who rights groups say are among the most persecuted peoples in the world.
More than 120,000 have been trapped in squalid displacement camps since violence erupted in 2012 in Rakhine State, where they are denied citizenship, access to healthcare and education.
More than a dozen Nobel laureates wrote to the UN Security Council last week urging action to stop the “human tragedy amounting to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity” in northern Rakhine.
Under Myanmar's junta-era constitution Aung San Suu Kyi's civilian administration has limited power over the army, which maintains control of the ministries of defense, home and border.
Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more.
Graphic: Shep McAllister
If the SNES-themed paint job doesn't get you excited about this New 3DS XL deal, the included download of the original Super Mario Kart ought to. Get it for an all-time low $166 today with promo code SAVE15, courtesy of Rakuten. Just note that you'll need to be signed in to a Rakuten account to get the deal.
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
At Wyoming Area, Lila Donnelly scored five goals to lead Wyoming Area to a 15-5 win over Coughlin on Monday in WVC girls lacrosse action.
Caitlin Butchko added three goals and Abby Guinta scored her first varsity goal.
Ashley Chase had three goals and Jolen Ulichney scored twice for the Crusaders.
Coughlin goals: Ashley Chase 3, Jolene Ulichney 2.
Wyoming Area goals: Lila Donnelly 5, Caitlin Butchko 3, Carlina Urban, Lindsey Pozaic, Cassidy Orzel, Hanna Hinkle, Madison Johnson, Sydney Maguire, Abby Guinta.
Wyoming Area assists: Teirney Porfiro 4, Orzel 3, Pozaic 2, Amanda McCormick. Wyoming Area saves: Julia Bonomo 9.
Dallas 9, Pittston Area 5
At Pittston Area, Lauren Delamater netted four goals, Melinda Ratchford scored three and Samantha Delamater added two more, leading the Mountaineers.
Nina Cirelli recorded three goals for the Patriots, whose goalie, Brooklyn Pedana, made 21 saves.
Pittston Area goals: Nina Cirelli 3, Julia Emmett 1, Callie Kipp 1.
Dallas goals: Lauren Delamater 4, Melinda Ratchford 3, Samantha Delamater 2.
Pittston Area saves: Brooklyn Pedana 21.
Dallas saves: Darian Guidry 6.
Wyoming Seminary 13,
Crestwood 2
At Wyoming Seminary, Mia Raineri made 12 saves and Kate Romanowski scored four goals in the Blue Knights' defeat of the Comets.
Christina Kilyanek chipped in a pair of goals with an assist for Sem, while Natasha Koslop scored twice for Crestwood.
Wyoming Seminary goals: Kate Romanowski 4, Christina Kilyanek 2, Emily Sims 1, Carly Clemente 1, Alexis Sokach 1, Olivia Meuser 1, Abby Straub 1, Grace Leahy 1, Kyla Salvato 1.
Crestwood goals: Natasha Koslop 2.
Wyoming Seminary assists: Mary Theresa Lehman 1, Bari Lefkowitz 1, Christina Kilyanek 1, Kate Romanowski 1, Olivia Meuser 1, Abby Straub 1. Wyoming Seminary saves: Mia Raineri 12.
Crestwood saves: Cortney Dushanko 3.
Scranton Prep 12,
Hazleton Area 4
At Scranton Prep, Lilian Boles and Emma Perih each scored three goals to lift Scranton Prep. Meleah Hoats added three for the Cougars.
Scranton Prep goals: Lilian Boles 3, Emma Perih 3, Katie Malone 2, Lelia Scanlan 1, Maggie Dickson 1, Elisa Kopicki 1, Kerry McGrath 1.
Hazleton Area goals: Meleah Hoats 3, Laura Bayzick 1.
Scranton Prep assists: Maddie Borgia 2, Kopicki 2, Perih 2, Devon Price 1, McGrath 1, Julia Dailey 1. Scranton Prep saves: Aidan Sekely 7.
Hazleton Area saves: Jenna Corra 5.
The Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, said on Wednesday that the country was not lagging behind in submitting its report on Labour standards to International Labour Organisation (ILO).
While reacting to a report credited to a team of experts from the ILO that the country was not up to date in its reports on Labour Standards, the Minister said the government constantly submits its report to the world Labour body as required.
Newsmen had quoted visiting officials of the International Labour Organisation, as saying that the country was lagging behind in reporting Labour Standards to the world body.
He however told newsmen on phone that the nation was only having difficulty in handling certain technical reports and sought the assistance of the ILO in handling those technical issues.
“We invited the ILO to help with with technical support because there are some areas where we are having problems. We invited the team you saw and they came to train our people on how to handle those technical areas.
“The training was attended by our people (government officials), Labour and employers. We now know how to handle the reports which will be submitted to the ILO latest 1st of September this year. So, it will be wrong to say that we are lagging behind in reporting on Labour Standard in the country”
On the inability of the government to set up the Nigeria Labour Advisory Council, the Minister said that lack of resources was delaying the composition of the council, adding that inspite of that, he has constantly held regular meetings with all those who are supposed to be represented on the council on how to move the Labour sector forward.
Meanwhile, the Minister has reinstated the commitment of the federal government to job creation for the citizenry and called on the National Directorate of Employment (NDE) to expand its skills acquisition programmes in order to reduce the nation's unemployment index.
Speaking at the inaugural meeting of the Board of the National Directorate of Employment (NDE), the Minister said the NDE is a multipurpose vehicle whose mandate is anchored on creating varying programmes to ginger creativity, skills acquisition and self-reliance.
“The whole essence is to create a sustainable mechanism for job creation through skills development paradigm capable of producing a self-dependent generation of Nigerians who will not only empower themselves but also transfer the skills and replicate jobs,” the Minister said.
He regretted that this noble ideal was being hampered by paucity of funds, saying “NDE as of today is not well funded. If it were to be rich, its mandate centering around training and equipping of trainees, empowering them with loans to set up their own businesses such as carpentry, tailoring, metal fabrication and welding, computer- based technology, mechatronics among others would be easy. But that's not to say the NDE is not doing its best within the limit of available resources.”
He however added, it was impossible for government alone to be charged with job creation as the private sector either alone or in liaison with the government has a huge role to play, saying that the public sector which the government controls is not expected to give more than 20% of jobs in a well-structured economy.
Ngige further said that part of the mandate of the NDE included the comprehensive national data on unemployment and therefore enjoined it to work in alliance with the National Identity Card Commission, who is currently creating a Single Data Base for the entire country.
Fitness-focused deals for the new year highlight today's best deals, but read below to see them all.
Advertisement
Bookmark Kinja Deals and follow us on Twitter to never miss a deal. Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here to learn more.
It's a new year, which means a lot of you will be striving to get into better shape. Luckily, Amazon's here to help with great deals on protein powders, vitamins, and supplements from Garden of Life.
Advertisement
All of the offerings here are certified USDA Organic, and the prices are great, so go flex your saving muscles and stock up on your favorite products and flavors. Just note that this is a Gold Box deal, meaning these prices are only available today, or until sold out.
If Garden of Life isn't your brand of choice, Amazon's also offering a buy two, get 30% off deal on vitamins, supplements, and protein products from several manufacturers, including BSN, Cullucor, Vitafusion, and more. Just add any two products to your cart, and you'll see your discount automatically at checkout.
Odds are, you've got a $20 Crock-Pot sitting in a cabinet, gathering dust. But with just a few added features, the humble slow cooker can be one of your favorite kitchen tools, and one of the best models on the market is on sale for an all-time low $31, which is an absolute no-brainer price.
Unlike most entry level slow cookers, the Hamilton Beach Set ‘n Forget is fully programmable on a few different parameters. You could set it to cook for a certain amount of time, after which it'll switch to a keep warm mode; perfect for preparing six hour recipes during nine-hour workdays. You can also insert a thermometer probe, and it'll cook your meat to the proper temperature, and no higher.
I got a very similar cooker as a wedding gift (it didn't include the clip-on spoon), and I use it on a weekly basis. Just be sure to grab yours today, before it sells out.
I bought the FitDesk 2.0 on a whim a couple of years ago, and was surprised both by how viable it was to work at, and how compact it gets when folded up. It fits easily into a closet, or opens up for use while working, gaming, or marathoning Netflix, and is particularly nice out on the balcony.
Today's price isn't the cheapest it's ever been, but it doesn't get a discount often. It's one of the easiest ways I know of to get in better shape for the new year.
APC 11-Outlet Surge Protector, $14 after $6 coupon
Featuring an eight foot power cord, 11 AC outlets, plus coax and phone line protection, this APC surge protector is exactly what you need behind your home theater. Amazon will sell you one for $14 right now (after you clip the $6 coupon), which is an all-time low.
Klipsch ProMedia 2.1, $110 with code JINGLEBELLS
Klipsch's ProMedia 2.1 speaker system is the only three-time winner in Kinja Co-Op history, and BuyDig's taking $50 off the set today with promo code JINGLEBELLS. If you're still using, say, your laptop's built-in speakers, I can't express how huge this upgrade will be.
If you still haven't tried out a home theater bias light, there's never been a better time to pick one up. Vansky's LED bias light strips plug directly into your TV's USB port for power, and stick to the back of the set via built-in adhesive. Once you turn your TV on, the LEDs cast a soft glow on the wall behind them, which can reduce eyestrain when watching in the dark, and improve your TV's perceived black levels.
We've posted deals on these several times now, but today's $12 (RGB) and $10 (white) price points are all-time lows. Just be sure to use code GT8OMP06 at checkout to get the deal.
Mpow Bluetooth Headphones, $20 with code WFWD46FK
2016 was the year of Bluetooth headphones, but if you still haven't cut the cord, here's a pair from Mpow for $20.
KMASHI's insanely affordable battery packs are back down to their lowest prices, including the 20,000mAh model with Quick Charge 2.0. Even if you already have one (if you read Kinja Deals, that's a pretty safe bet), these would make great stocking stuffers. Just be sure to note the promo codes.
A good label maker is something everyone should own, and the highly rated Brother P-Touch is down to just $10 today, its best price in months.
If you remember the old label makers that literally pressed the letters into a piece of tape, this is a bit more advanced than what you're picturing. The P-Touch can print in nine font styles across two lines, along with clipart and special characters, and can even print on multiple label widths, including special iron-on labels.
The next two months are a treacherous time for your waistline, and I'm not just talking about election night stress-eating and binge drinking. That's where the Sweethome-recommended Withings Body comes in.
The Withings Body Composition Wi-Fi Scale looks like any other bathroom scale at first glance, but it can automatically sync your vitals to your phone (including Apple's HealthKit), meaning you can keep track of your progress towards your new year's fitness resolutions. $78 isn't quite as good as a $68 holiday deal we saw last month, but other than that, it's the best price we've seen.
Feeling bold? Amazon will ship you a randomly selected diamond or zirconia sterling silver necklace for $20 or $13, respectively. The minimum values are listed as $24 for the diamond, or $22 for the zirconia, so you're theoretically getting a good deal here; you just won't get to choose what it looks like.
Reebok's Professional Deck is actually an adjustable step, workout bench, and storage compartment all rolled into one, and Amazon's marked it down to $150 today, or roughly $30-$50 less than usual.
Just want a step? The Reebok Aerobic Step is also down to $75, matching an all-time low.
The roguelike survival game Don't Starve shouldn't need much of an introduction, but if you somehow don't have a copy sitting in your Steam library, you can fix that for $4 today.
Note: Will also run on Mac or SteamOS
Blessed are the cheesemakers, but you don't need much cheddar to buy Monty Pyton's Life of Brian on Blu-ray today.
Mpow Smartphone Dry Bag, $5 with code 4GFY93WH | 2-Pack, $8 with code SMFU7LNE
These deals may be a little out of season, but if you're planning any wintertime tropical getaways, these inexpensive dry bags will keep your precious smartphone safe from surf and sand alike.
Beats sound quality has come a long way in recent years, and the new Powerbeats 3 even include Apple's easy-pairing W1 chip, making them a great option for iPhone-owning fitness buffs, or anyone whose ears aren't compatible with AirPods. They're still only a few months old, but for a limited time, Amazon's taking $50 off.
Once you have a soft close toilet seat, you'll never go back. It's a new year, treat yourself.
If you still haven't upgraded your morning routine up a life-changing wake-up light, the new year is a great excuse to try one out.
The entry-level Philips HF3500 is currently marked down to $58, down from its usual $70 (though not an all-time low). While there are higher end models with color-shifting light and multiple wake-up sounds, I've been a satisfied user of this model for two years, and can't recommend it highly enough.
You need to buy detergent, paper towels, and toilet paper anyway, so you may as well save $15 on it. Just spend $50 on select brands from Target, and use code CLEAN at checkout to get the discount.
Uniqlo was one of our readers' favorite clothing brands of 2016, and you can save a bundle on hundreds of closeout styles during their Last Chance Sale. You'll get free shipping on orders of $125 or more, or $5 flat rate otherwise.
When Sony rolled out the new PS4 Slim and PS4 Pro, they also quietly tweaked the DualShock 4 controller, and here's another chance to get it for $40.
This is basically the same gamepad you know and love, but with a futuristic looking light bar at the top of the touchpad, and the ability to communicate over USB when plugged into your console for lag-free input.
Two Bosch Insight Wiper Blades, $23. Add two to cart (must be shipped by Amazon) to see the discount.
If you need a fresh set of wiper blades to survive the winter, you can grab a pair of Bosch Insight wiper blades for $23 from Amazon today.
Advertisement
Sponsored
Just pick the two you need, add them to your cart, and the discount should appear automatically, assuming both were shipped and sold by Amazon.com. The deal even allows you to mix and match sizes, so you can almost certainly find a combination that will work for your car.
I know nobody wants to think about dealing with taxes yet, but Amazon's currently offering big discounts on TurboTax 2016 software packages.
Advertisement
This page has a handy comparison chart to help you choose the right version for you. And once you've decided, you'll get your choice of a download or a disc.
Breville's reader-favorite Smart Ovens almost never go on sale, but Amazon's offering rare discounts today on two different models today, including an all-time low price on the Mini .
Update: The Mini deal is over, but the larger model is still available.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Unless you happen to own some other beautiful Breville products we recommend, it'll almost certainly be the best-looking appliance in your kitchen. I got one of these as a wedding gift several months ago, and it's every bit as good as advertised.
The Mini is just $100 , down from its usual $150, and the 800XL is also $50 off, down to $200. If you got some Amazon gift cards for the holidays, I can't think of many more worthwhile things to spend them on.
$1 Movie Rentals. Promo Code MOVIE99.
If you need a way to fill your holiday downtime, Amazon will rent you any movie in their digital catalog for a buck today with promo code MOVIE99. That applies to holiday films, new releases (I'm renting Sully), classics; if you can rent it on Amazon, you can rent it for $1.
Advertisement
Remember that after you place your order, you'll have 30 days to start watching, and then 24 hours to finish it.
Tech
Home
Lifestyle
Gaming
Media
JERUSALEM: The Israeli government said on Tuesday it was abandoning a plan to forcibly deport African migrants who entered the country illegally.
The government had been working for months on an arrangement to expel thousands of mostly Eritrean and Sudanese men who crossed into Israel through Egypt's Sinai desert.
"At this stage, the possibility of carrying out an unwilling deportation to a third country is not on the agenda," the government wrote in a response to the court.
The migrants, it said, will again be able to renew residency permits every 60 days, as they were before the deportation push.
The migrants and rights groups say they are seeking asylum and are fleeing war and persecution. The government says they are job seekers and that it has every right to protect its borders.
Around 4,000 migrants have left Israel for Rwanda and Uganda since 2013 under a voluntary programme, but Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has come under pressure from his right-wing voter base to expel thousands more.
Advertisement
Advertisement
After leaving a U.N.-backed relocation plan a few weeks ago, Israel shifted efforts towards finalising an arrangement to send the migrants against their will to Uganda.
A number of migrant rights groups petitioned the Supreme Court to block any such policy.
(Reporting by Maayan Lubell and Ari Rabinovitch; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Hello, Angels fans. Welcome to the weekly mailbag. That was not a good week for the Angels, who lost five straight games, including a series sweep in Kansas City. Additionally, the status of their top starter, right-hander Garrett Richards, remains uncertain. Let's get to some questions.
As always, please submit them through my email (pedro.moura@latimes.com) or Twitter account (@pedromoura).
The Angels just didn't hit last week. In the long term, they will hit. They have too many talented, proven hitters to not hit at least around a league-average level. We're almost at that point in the season where a player's strikeout rate has stabilized, and the Angels are better than the average in that category. That's a good sign.
I have been surprised by the limited chances the Angels have taken on the bases, particularly with steals. Perhaps that will change.
I later clarified with Aaron. He meant the rotation. So, let's try to make direct comparisons.
Without Richards, it's hard to find many teams the Angels' rotation bests. Definitely San Diego and Cincinnati, who seem to be trying to lose and are starting the likes of Jered Weaver and Bronson Arroyo. Maybe Oakland or Milwaukee or Minnesota, or the Chicago White Sox. That is about it.
With a healthy Richards, it appears more middle-of-the-pack. The addition of one pitcher with ace potential vaults them above all of those teams and into the territory of, say, Miami, Philadelphia, Baltimore, maybe Atlanta, maybe even Kansas City.
Because there's no real reason to expect any of their triple-A starters to be better than JC Ramirez, their in-house replacement. Their No. 1 starter in Salt Lake, 27-year-old right-hander Alex Meyer, was not at all good in spring training, convincing several scouts I spoke to that he's best suited for the bullpen. In triple-A, he seems to be doing better, with 18 strikeouts and five walks in 15 innings — and 19 hits and eight runs.
Ramirez's stuff is as good as Meyer's, maybe better. He's never pitched consistently for a full season, but neither has Meyer. The two are actually not that different. They're a year apart in age, huge humans and naturally throw hard. Meyer has just been given longer opportunities to start than Ramirez was while coming up through the minors.
I received several questions along these lines, several specifically about Meyer. There's not much more to say about him unless he puts together a longer stretch of strikeout-laden starts at Salt Lake. Left-hander Nate Smith has not pitched yet because of a forearm strain. It's unclear how long he's expected out.
It depends on how large an opportunity qualifies as a real shot. I'm of the belief that the MLB playoffs are mostly random, and no team has more than a 60% or so chance to win a given round. So, given those parameters, any wild-card team would have at least, like, a 3% chance to win the World Series. (Conversely, even a no-doubt division winner's World Series chances would max out at about 20%.)
People who work within the sport do not expect the current Angels to win a wild-card spot, and I do not either, but I can think of stranger things that have happened. And, yes, the industry expects them to be better a year from now, when some money's off the books, and pitchers Andrew Heaney and Nick Tropeano should be back from Tommy John surgery. They should have a chance at the playoffs next year.
I do not think he's done, but, obviously, his start to the 2017 season is not what he or the team had hoped for or planned. It's hard to say much more at this point, without knowing the cause of the lack of strength he's experiencing in his biceps.
That is a common comparison. Having been to both, I don't really think it is apt. Coachella has become much more of a cultural touchstone than Warped Tour ever was — or is. I guess it's still around. Also, there is no theme to the acts picked to perform at Coachella. They essentially just gather as many musicians who will attract large crowds as they can while still turning a sizable profit. That makes it sound bad, but I've enjoyed my experiences there.
I thought this recent New Yorker feature about the history of Coachella and other music festivals was wonderfully informative.
They are staying there for the next decade and beyond. The owner of the team, Arte Moreno, said so in spring training.
Yes, definitely. If they are in contention, they will entertain the possibility of acquiring all sorts of players. And if they are out of contention, they will entertain the possibility of trading their players on expiring or shorter-term contracts. That's pretty much standard practice for any modern front office.
We'll have plenty of time to get into further specifics over the next three-plus months.
I'd caution against drawing any conclusions about the results of 12 or 13 games that you haven't watched a lick of. Those can flip so quickly. So, I'm not sure there's anything to be said about Texas, Seattle or Oakland that couldn't be said a couple weeks ago. Also Houston, although the Angels will get a four-game look at them this week.
I don't think any team is going to really contend against Houston. The Astros have so much talent on their roster and in their organization. But at season's start, I thought Texas was the division's second-best team, and so I still think that.
Send questions to the below addresses to be considered for the mailbag every Monday, all season long.
Friday, February 02, 2018 – Weather forecast update at 5am:
A system pushing inland will keep rain and snow in the forecast today.
Although the precipitation will ease slightly tomorrow, additional waves of moisture will make its way into BC on Sunday.
Mountain passes will also see both rain and snow for at least the first half of the weekend with rising freezing levels through the daytime hours.
Thursday's daytime high range: 0 to 5C
We will have the rest of your weather details coming up at 5, 6:30 and 11pm – Hope you can join us!
~ Duane/Wesla
In 2014, Cameroon enacted a broad anti-terror law as part of its effort to counter the extremist group Boko Haram, but authorities are using it to arrest and threaten local journalists who report on the militants or unrest in the country's English-speaking regions.
MFWA has identified lack of effective internet-specific legal frameworks, inadequate infrastructure and high cost of data as major challenges in the internet sector in West Africa.
Free Expression Newsletter, April-June 2017: Anti-Press Incidents Decline; Policy Environment Still Regressive According to Freedom Forum, anti-press incidents have declined in Nepal since April 2017 but the policy environment is still regressive. Freedom Forum
"We Don't Have Him": Secret Detentions and Enforced Disappearances in Bangladesh Since 2013, law enforcement authorities in Bangladesh have illegally detained scores of opposition activists and held them in secret without producing them before courts, as the law requires. In most cases, those arrested remain in custody for weeks or months before being formally arrested or released. Others however are killed in so-called armed exchanges, and many remain “disappeared.” Human Rights Watch
Defamation and Insult Laws in the OSCE Region: A Comparative Study This study examines the existence of criminal defamation and insult laws in the territory of the 57 participating States of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE). In doing so, it offers a broad, comparative overview of the compliance of OSCE participating States' legislation with international standards and best practices in the field of defamation law and freedom of expression. Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe
Civil Defamation and Media Freedom in Hungary: Trends and Challenges in Court Practice in Personality Rights Cases READ AND DOWNLOADThis study analyses current trends in civil defamation and privacy cases in Hungary involving the media and summarises key challenges for freedom of the press and expression. Written by Hungarian media lawyer Bea Bodrogi, the study examined 250 court decisions related to civil protection of 'personality rights', an area in Hungarian law that includes defamation, privacy and personal image. International Press Institute
Roads to Reform: The Enduring Work of the Saudi Association for Civil and Political Rights In this report, Americans for Democracy & Human Rights in Bahrain (ADHRB) examines the contributions of ACPRA within the larger context of the movement for civil and political reform in Saudi Arabia. Americans for Democracy & Human Rights in Bahrain
Freedom in the World 2017 With populist and nationalist forces making significant gains in democratic states, 2016 marked the 11th consecutive year of decline in global freedom. Freedom House
National Mass Communications Policy 2016: A Review Freedom Forum has issued a review of Nepal's National Mass Communications Policy 2016. Among others, FF says the policy fails to articulate constitutional provisions relating to freedom of expression and mass communication. The policy, they said, also seems to promote centralided regulation, instead of self-regulation. Freedom Forum
Vietnam HRW Report: Events of 2016 The Communist Party of Vietnam (CPV) in 2016 maintained its control over all public affairs and punished those who challenged its monopoly on power. Authorities restricted basic rights, including freedom of speech, opinion, association, and assembly. All religious groups had to register with the government and operate under surveillance. Bloggers and activists faced daily police harassment and intimidation, and were subject to arbitrary house arrest, restricted movement, and physical assaults. Human Rights Watch
Malaysia HRW Report: Events of 2016 Malaysia's human rights situation continued to deteriorate in 2016, with human rights defenders, activists, political opposition figures, and journalists facing harassment and politically motivated prosecution. Those criticising the administration of Prime Minister Najib Razak or commenting on the government's handling of the 1 Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) corruption scandal have been particular targets. Human Rights Watch
India HRW Report: Events of 2016 Authorities continue to use sedition and criminal defamation laws to prosecute citizens who criticise government officials or oppose state policies. In a blow to free speech, the government in 2016 argued before the Supreme Court in favour of retaining criminal penalties for defamation. The court upheld the law. Human Rights Watch
Legal analysis of pre-trial detention of five Cambodian human rights defenders Four senior staff members of the Cambodian Human Rights have been detained in Phnom Penh since April 2016. ￼ Cambodian Center for Human Rights
Turkey: State of emergency, state of arbitrary After already cracking down on freedom of information in recent years, President Erdoğan has taken advantage of the abortive coup d'état and the state of emergency in effect since 20 July to silence many more of his media critics, not only Gülen movement media and journalists but also, to a lesser extent, Kurdish, secularist and left-wing media. Reporters Without Borders
Assessment of media development in Mongolia This publication presents the findings of the media development assessment in Mongolia that began in 2012 to determine the state of the media in the country. The assessment was based on the UNESCO/IPDC Media Development Indicators (MDIs), an internationally recognized analytical tool used to provide detailed overviews of national media landscapes and related media development priorities. Globe International Center
Facing reality after the Euromaidan: The situation of journalists and media in Ukraine “After the initial optimism during the Euromaidan movement, many journalists have become disillusioned. They are faced with the triple challenge of the war in the Eastern part of the country, the economic crisis and the digitalization of mass media.” Reporters Without Borders
Military continues to put pressure on Burmese media An officer of the Myanmar army recently filed a criminal complaint against two journalists for allegedly sowing disunity among the military. Even though mediation by the Press Council caused the military to withdraw the case, this incident demonstrates how the military continues to throw its weight to get back at what it perceives as negative publicity. Southeast Asian Press Alliance
Stifling Dissent The Criminalization of Peaceful Expression in India The government uses draconian laws such as the sedition provisions of the penal code, the criminal defamation law, and laws dealing with hate speech to silence dissent. These laws are vaguely worded, overly broad, and prone to misuse, and have been repeatedly used for political purposes against critics at the national and state level. Human Rights Watch
Media freedom yet to gain pace - 3 May Nepal report Freedom Forum
Critics Are Not Criminals Comparative Study of Criminal Defamation Laws in the Americas Committee to Protect Journalists
Nepal Media Freedom Report 2015 Media under the chilling effect of political unrest Freedom Forum
Civil society under threat: Old and new challenges for human and children's rights advocates in Eurasia In recent years, the space afforded to civil society to operate freely has been shrinking dramatically across the world, presenting a serious threat to democracy and human rights. Eastern Europe and Central Asia (EECA) have been especially badly affected by this shrinking political space. Child Rights International Network
Monreal has been a key player for the Gunners since his arrival from Malaga in 2013.
The talented full-back made 38 appearances last season scoring six goals and assisted a further two.
He has won three FA Cup titles during his time at the Emirates but has been linked with an Emirates exit.
According Spanish daily AS, Sociedad are serious suitors for his signature but he isn't the only Premier League player they are after.
Toon playmaker Merino is another top target.
0
Though Hulu (somewhat surprisingly) passed on a series order for Locke and Key after commissioning a pilot, Joe Hill and Gabriel Rodríguez‘s award-winning graphic novel will get a TV adaptation after all — from Netflix. Carlton Cuse will remain as showrunner, but according to THR, the series will be entirely reimagined moving forward, including a new cast and a new director (It director Andy Muschietti, who helmed the Hulu pilot, is now busy with It 2 and won't be able to return, though he is remaining with the project as an EP).
Locke and Key was first put into development as a TV series eight years ago, starting as a pilot developed for Fox by Josh Friedman (Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles), and executive produced Alex Kurtzman, Roberto Orci and Steven Spielberg. But when the network passed on taking it further, Universal snagged the rights and then sat on them until they were again up for grabs. In 2016, IDW Entertainment CEO Ted Adams and president David Ozer shopped a new version of a pilot around to buyers including HBO and FX, with Cuse showrunning and Joe Hill writing the script. And while Hulu initially showed interest, it ultimately (and again, surprisingly) didn't follow through with the project, which has of course now landed with Netflix — although to be clear, the deal has not yet been completely finalized, hence there not being a statement from Netflix on the pickup yet.
Locke and Key‘s story revolves around three siblings who move into their ancestral home in Maine after the death of their father. But the house is no ordinary house, of course, and they come to find that the house has magical keys that give them powers. The keys are also sought after by a demon who will do anything to take them.
Let us know what you think about the series moving to Netflix, if you've read the graphic novels, and who you would like to see cast in these key (no pun intended) roles.
KUALA LUMPUR: A Malaysian air force plane is missing, the Royal Malaysia Air Force said on Thursday (Jun 15).
The aircraft departed from the Kuantan air base at 11am and lost contact at 11.30am near the Pahang-Terengganu border, the air force said in a media statement.
A search and rescue mission has been launched.
Defence Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said in a tweet that he has received the "troubling news" and hopes all are safe.
Royal Malaysian Air Force says a Hawk 108 fighter jet is feared missing around north Kuantan after losing contact at 11.30am pic.twitter.com/gWCBKJlwgL — Amy Chew (@AmyChewCNA) June 15, 2017
Advertisement
Advertisement
This story is developing. Please refresh this page for updates.
Around 70 banner-wielding protesters turned out today for a demonstration against a foul stench from a controversial landfill site which they say has blighted their lives for around four months.
And they were joined by Chorley MP Lindsay Hoyle, who is campaigning on their behalf, with the turn-out almost three times bigger than expected.
The demonstration was close to the Clayton Hall landfill site in Whittle-le-Woods, which is said to be the source of the odour issue.
It is estimated that thousands of residents in the towns and villages radiating from the site, have been affected in some way by the issue.
The protesters want to see the landfill site closed and are also threatening to seek legal action and are demanding that an independent air quality report is published.
Problems began to occur at the site, which is long-established, in October after the company which runs it, Quercia, began expansion work and disturbed long-buried gases, leading to the noxious stink.
Photo Neil Cross The Stink Bomb action group holding a demonstration protesting about the stench from the Clayton Hall Landfill site
The protesters are worried about the health effects of the odorous gases.
Quercia has expressed its regret about the issue.
The action group behind the protest is the Leyland and Chorley Stink Bomb, whose chairman, Richard Harwood, said: “The turn out today has been really encouraging, because 26 people told me they would be going and we ended up with 70, around three times as many.
“That shows the strength of feeling over this issue.
Photo Neil Cross The Stink Bomb action group holding a demonstration protesting about the stench from the Clayton Hall Landfill site
“Our MP is behind us, councillors are behind us and we will fight this all the way.
“The landfill site needs to be capped and then closed as soon as possible.
“It appears that Quercia did not carry out any kind of risk assessment when they commenced their work.
“Apparently they have said they are sorry it has caused so much upset, but an apology is not enough.”
Photo Neil Cross The Stink Bomb action group holding a demonstration protesting about the stench from the Clayton Hall Landfill site
MP Mr Hoyle said: “I think there is no other choice than to close this site and then launch a full investigation into how and why it has been allowed to fail.
“Even while we were protesting, a rotten smell suddenly wafted over and it was just awful.
“This situation is not acceptable and we need Lancashire Country Council, as the planning authority, to impose planning conditions as the site has failed to operator correctly, and the Environment Agency to close it down.
“It should lose its permit to continue.
“There is possibly even a matter for Public Health England to get involved as there could be implications from the gases.
“It is not acceptable.”
Mr Hoyle also raised concerns about the height of the landfill and said this alone was a serious issue.
the idea of the city as bustling and alive and empty and slow stemmed from a 5th grade school teacher, mr. d. mr. d was wiry and tall, with edges like a bendy metal ruler. he spoke dreamily about urban paradoxes and told us—wee 10 yr olds—not to fuck with ouji boards.
1.26.18| Daily Art
Advertisements
Real's matchwinner was left out of the starting line-up but still fired his side to their third Champions League trophy in consecutive years.
The Welshman's overhead kick was arguably the greatest Champions League final goal of all time, usurping Zinedine Zidane's 2002 effort.
But Bale stunned Los Blancos fans by announcing he was considering his future right after the game.
"I need to be playing week-in week-out and that hasn't happened this season for one reason or another," he said.
"I have to sit down in the summer and discuss my future with my agent and take it from there."
Staff writer, with CNA and AFP, BIRMINGHAM, England
Badminton world No. 1 Tai Tzu-ying on Sunday became the first woman to defend the England Open title in the past 10 years by defeating Japanese world No. 2 Akane Yamaguchi 22-20, 21-13 in Birmingham, England.
The two have competed 10 times, with each having won five matches each.
The first game saw the two struggle to keep a lead as the scores remained very close until Tai scored two straight points at 20-20 to edge ahead.
Tai then cruised in the second game, at one point opening a seven-point lead, and when the score reached 18-13 Tai won three straight points to wrap up the win.
Despite the victory, Tai said she was not happy with her performance, especially after she had to save a game point in the first game.
“I made a lot of mistakes and in the end I just had to run with her,” Tai said. “I would like to come back again next year and play better.”
Tai became the first Taiwanese ever to win the England Open title last year, before her successful defense of the title on Sunday.
The previous player to successfully defend the women's singles title was Xie Xingfang of China, who won for three consecutive years from 2005 to 2007.
In the men's singles final, China's Lin Dan was denied a seventh title as his young compatriot Shi Yuqi clinched a shock victory.
Seventh seeded Shi profited from Lin's lackluster play to win 21-19, 16-21, 21-9.
The 22-year-old was able to utilize his speed and hard-to-read overhead attacks without inhibition against one of the sport's all-time greats.
“I was more patient and controlled my pace, which helped me get the match back,” Shi said.
Lin would have been the oldest player in 63 years to win the title had he prevailed.
“To [still] play at this level is good,” 34-year-old Lin said.
Lin became the first player to appear in 10 All England Open men's singles finals.
“I feel good about myself and I want to congratulate my younger opponent,” he said.
Aquarius (1/20-2/18) — You'll move “ye booty” down to GulfQuest for the pirate exhibit to show everyone you're not a “scallywag.” You'll find it interesting “thar,” and leave feeling like a Buccaneer. You'll tell everyone what a hARRRGHty time you had.
Pisces (2/19-3/20) — You'll back out of a real estate venture after discovering several hidden cameras scattered throughout the midtown home you've been eyeing. Even with the spacious yard and safe location, the discovery of a closed-circuit TV will make you scared of whatever the inspector might find in the crawlspace.
Aries (3/21-4/19) — After North Korea's latest missile test, you'll start looking into affordable options for bulk food rations. While staples like ramen and meat will obviously make the list, you'll be thrilled to learn about the Dew Drop Inn's plan to release a powdered chilli dog survival MRE.
Taurus (4/20-5/20) — Though the unpredictable standstills of downtown Mobile are enough to give any GPS system trouble, pop-up parades and rougue pedestrians of Mardi Gras will prove too much for your Uber driver. After several reroutes, you'll wind up celebrating Carnival in a stranger's mid-sized sedan.
Gemini (5/21-6/21) — Your plan to ambush a full-speed MAMGA float will seem short sighted at first but ultimately pays off. After dodging a crossfire of candies and living through an attack from a makeshift bead garrote, you'll make a quick escape down Conti with a entire box of banana MoonPies.
Cancer (6/22-7/22) — You'll go native at the Order of Inca parade Friday night and begin constructing a sacred pyramid downtown. Coincidentally it'll align with the Winter Solstice, but really you were just angling for a good view of Moe's.
Leo (7/23-8/23) — In two years, you'll help the city design and open a new welcome center downtown. Looking farther into the future, the dome-shaped building will be equipped with a parking lot for flying cars. Much like GulfQuest and its high-speed ferry dock, it's ahead of its time.
Virgo (8/24-9/22) — In an effort to deal with school overcrowding in Baldwin County, you'll come to the school board with the idea of floating classrooms. Unfortunately, your plan will sink when all the houseboats immediately spring leaks — because every houseboat ever made is old.
Libra (9/23-10/22) — In an effort to make free crawfish boils legal again in downtown, you'll come up with a plan that turns Dauphin Street into a river of boiling water. Cooks in the local bars can then just add the potatoes, spices and mudbugs for a truly delicious event.
Scorpio (10/23-11/21) — You and your friends will welcome the USS Mason to Mobile with a stirring rendition of “In The Navy” dockside at Cooper Riverside Park. Everyone will be so inspired by the performance they'll either enlist or turn gay.
Sagittarius (11/22-12/22) — You'll drink out of a beer bottle that has a cigarette butt in it. You've been here before. Sadly, you'll be here again. That gag reflex is perfectly natural. Go ahead and play it off and get yourself another cold one.
Capricorn (12/23-1/19) — You'll go to a Fairhope City Council meeting just to start a beef. During a recent visit you found the shops and restaurants too full, which made it hard to browse and not buy anything. Also, that damned pelican on the pier was rude to you.
Spring forward with these three indies-in-progress.
Home
Project Description: An immigrant single mother escapes a past of conflict and revolution, only to discover that oppression has become big business in corporate America. When an acquaintance from her past emerges with plans for a heist on such institutions, she is forced to choose sides.
Principal Photography: Spring 2018
Location: New Haven and Hartford, Connecticut
Still Seeking: Completion funds, distribution, producer attachments
Contact: Director Matt Carlin (matt@darkdimensionsproductions.com, 860/965-8714)
From the Director: “I had put Home on the back burner—‘who wants to see a corporate heist film involving immigrants?'—and then things started cooking. I never lost faith; I just waited for everybody to catch up. It's sad to say, but the current political climate revealed that immigration and the American identity are more prescient topics than ever before.”
Greed
Project Description: Greed is a dark comedy/adventure about a film preservationist and his former-actor wife, who have sputtering careers and a rocky marriage. They discover a priceless motion picture artifact they think will solve all their problems. The film is equal parts nostalgic love letter to old Hollywood and a stylized, modern classic. Tim Simons (Jonah from Veep) is in the lead role.
Principal Photography: July 2017
Location: Los Angeles, California
Still Seeking: “We're in the process of building a cast around Tim. We would love for the filmmaker fairy godmother to allow the schedules of some great actors to align.”
Contact: Matthew Watts (mawa99@gmail.com, 917/626-5026)
Angie
Project Description: A teenage girl, Angie, recently rescued from a sex trafficking ring, struggles to reconnect with her family as she is weighed down by shame and guilt about a friend who is still held captive. Angie risks her own life to save her family. Through confronting her worst fears, she ultimately reclaims her former self and helps to rescue the other girls still in captivity. Angie explores the tragedy of stolen innocence, from not only the point of view of the victim but of those around her. The short film “Lost Girls” won several awards on the film festival circuit; this is a feature film on the same subject. Our goal with the film is to shed light on the growing social issue of sex trafficking of minors in the U.S.
Principal Photography: July 2017
Location: Los Angeles, California
Still Seeking: Additional investors; a deferred post-production deal; a great publicist who is passionate about raising awareness of both the film and the issue of sex trafficking; volunteers to reach out to nonprofits, schools and communities to eventually organize screenings
Visit: lostgirlsfilms.com; @LostGirlsFilms on Facebook and Twitter
Contact: Julia Verdin, president and producer of Rough Diamond Productions (juliaverdin@mac.com, 323/848-2900) MM
To be considered for future editions of this department, email jessica@moviemaker.com with the subject line “Features in Development.”
“Terrorists won't win.”
Those were the defiant words of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio reminding anyone who had forgotten that Manhattan was not a city to target after it averted what would have been a deadly terror attack at the “crossroads of the world.”
At approximately 7:20 a.m., Monday rush hour got off to a scary start when a man strapped to a pipe bomb set off the device in a New York City Times Square subway passageway.
“I heard a kaboom. It was shaky,” 39-year-old witness Jamar Moore recalled to the New York Post. “There was a little rumble. Everyone just hit the stairs and started running. People were losing their pocketbooks. Once we heard that pop, people started getting trampled.”
Andre Rodriguez, 62, told The New York Times: “I was going through the turnstile. It sounded like an explosion and everybody started running.”
On a train pulling into the city's busiest subway station (last year, daily ridership broke records with nearly 6 million commuters) during the explosion, Sarah Benelli could hear the boom despite listening to music. “I had headphones on,” the 35-year-old told the N.Y. Post. “But I felt this rattle in my chest. I pulled the headphones out; it sounded just like thunder. It reverberated for a couple seconds.”
Akayed Ullah, 27, was arrested after being wounded by a “low-tech explosive device,” which was strapped to his body with “a combination of Velcro and zip ties,” and blew up between West 42nd St. and Eighth Ave. and West 42nd St. and Seventh Ave., according to officials.
Four people were being treated for minor injuries. Several subway lines were evacuated but resumed service gradually throughout the early morning melee.
Investigators are still unsure if the crowded walkway was the actual target.
At press time, Ullah, who suffered burns to his body, was in serious condition at Bellevue Hospital Center.
According to CNN, Ullah was allegedly seeking revenge for Israeli actions in Gaza that left four dead following U.S. President Donald Trump's controversial declaration that Jerusalem would be recognized as the capital of Israel last week.
However, at press time, no group had claimed responsibility for the attack.
Who is suspect Akayed Ullah?
*Ullah is originally from Bangladesh; but seven years ago, he immigrated to New York on an F4 visa — which is reserved for siblings of U.S. citizens. He currently holds a legal green card
*He lives with his parents on the first floor of their home in Flatlands, Brooklyn; his brother and sister live upstairs separately; though some reports suggest Ullah might have been temporarily living in another Brooklyn residence
*He's a former New York City cab driver whose licence had lapsed
*He allegedly told officers that ISIS inspired him to plot the attack
*Outside of Ullah's home, neighbours reported hearing a huge argument Sunday evening and reports of yelling over the past few days
*Other neighbours told various media outlets that Ullah was “very aloof, not friendly and always angry”
*Reuters reports that late this summer, Ullah travelled back to Bangladesh, where he doesn't have a criminal record
*The Bangladesh Embassy in Washington condemned the attack.
*The Joint Terrorism Task Force is currently investigating the case.
*Meanwhile, Uber and Lyft are apologizing and offering refunds for gouging riders nearly three times their average rates during the chaotic morning.
BREAKING VIDEO: Moment of explosion at 42nd St and 8th Avenue in Manhattan pic.twitter.com/JwygdnnwNb — New York City Alerts (@NYCityAlerts) December 11, 2017
Video captures moment pipe bomb goes off in NYC
A video reportedly shows the exact moment a man detonated a pipe bomb inside a subway station in New York City Monday morning.
The grainy cellphone video focuses on a monitor showing footage from a New York Port Authority surveillance camera. The footage shows people walking through a hallway en route to various trains during their morning commute.
An unnamed person is seen pointing to the screen saying, “It's the guy in the hoodie” as the bombing suspect enters the frame.
An explosion is seen before smoke billows through the hallway.
People are sent scrambling in confusion as a lone body is seen lying on the ground.
“He never took his hands out of his pockets,” said the voice in the video after the bomb's detonation.
Trump slams media after terror attack
Not even an attempted terror attack on New York City could get U.S. President Donald Trump to take a break from his increasingly contentious Twitter feuds with the media.
In lieu of offering his country comforting and wise words, two hours after the failed Times Square attack, Trump opted to attack The New York Times over a story detailing his TV viewing.
“Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day – Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the ‘dumbest man on television!' Bad Reporting,” Trump tweeted at 9:17 a.m.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders confirmed the president had been briefed on the terror incident just after 8 a.m.
Former militants from "bandit units" in Syria are now a real threat after the defeat of Islamic State, as many of them may be now planning to return to Russia, the RIA news agency cited the head of Russia's FSB security service as saying on Tuesday.
MOSCOW: Former militants from "bandit units" in Syria are now a real threat after the defeat of Islamic State, as many of them may be now planning to return to Russia, the RIA news agency cited the head of Russia's FSB security service as saying on Tuesday.
The FSB head, Alexander Bortnikov, also told a meeting of Russia's National Anti-Terrorism Committee the security service had uncovered an underground cell of extremists from Central Asia planning to carry out "terrorist acts" during the New Year and Russia's 2018 presidential campaign in the Moscow region.
(Reporting by Dmitry Solovyov; Editing by Maria Kiselyova)
By Jason Pan / Staff reporter
Taipei prosecutors yesterday charged a taxi driver with drugging three South Korean women and sexually assaulting one of them last month, demanding a prison sentence of 15 years.
The Shilin District Prosecutors' Office sought the indictment of Chan Yu-ju (詹侑儒), a married man without a criminal record, on charges of sexual offenses with the use of drugs.
The incident occurred last month, when Chan, a driver for Jerry Taxi Service, allegedly gave drug-laced yogurt drinks to three young South Korean women during a one-day tour of attractions around Jiufen (九份).
Prosecutors allege that he sexually assaulted one of the three after she drank the yogurt and lost consciousness in the taxi.
Prosecutor Chen Kung-jen (陳恭仁) said investigators had conducted forensic testing and had found that Chan's DNA matched semen residue found on the victim's genitalia and her underwear.
The results of a test on a syringe in Chan's taxi showed that the substance used to lace the yogurt drinks was a mixture of flunitrazepam, the main component of Rohypnol, and zolpidem, a prescription-only sedative found in sleeping pills, Chen added.
“As a taxi driver, Chan was responsible for care and safety of his passengers, but he abused the trust of the three female tourists. Chan took advantage of the women being in a foreign country, in unfamiliar surroundings, to lace their drinks and carry out a sexual assault. It resulted in considerable mental anguish and trauma to the victims,” Chen said.
“After the incident, Chan evaded his responsibility when questioned by the victims and even accused the three of false accusations, threatening to sue them for damages,” he said.
“This case has had a significant negative impact on tourism and our nation's reputation for public safety. Therefore prosecutors are seeking a heavy punishment ... by requesting a 15-year jail term,” the indictment said.
In the aftermath of the allegations against Chan, the owners of Jerry Taxi Service said it had ceased doing business.
The firm catered specifically to South Korean tourists, with its Web site advertising tour packages in Korean along with pictures of Chan posing with South Korean women at tourist attractions.
Additional reporting by CNA
SHERIDAN — Each Christmas season, tens of thousands of volunteers will count and record each individual bird and bird species they encounter during one calendar day, within a 15-mile diameter circle. The results are compiled into the longest running database in ornithology, representing over a century of unbroken data on trends of early-winter bird populations across the Americas. The censuses provide valuable data about the number of bird species and numbers of each species occurring within set geographic areas on an early winter day.
This year, the Sheridan count will take place Dec. 14. For additional information on the count, contact Julie Rieder at 702-468-0029 or julie.rieder@gmail.com. The Story-Big Horn count will take place Dec. 23. For information on that count, get in touch with Jean Daly at 306-674-9728 or djdaly@fiberpipe.net.
Christmas Bird Counts are open to birders of all skill levels. While there is a specific methodology to the CBC and you need to count birds within an existing Christmas Bird Count circle, everyone can participate. If you are a beginning birder, on most counts you will be able to join a group that includes at least one experienced birdwatcher. Feeder watchers and backyard watchers are needed, too.
Participants should bring lunch, drinking water, warm clothing and footwear. Binoculars, field guides and spotting scopes are suggested for those who have them.
ACCUSATIONS of lying have spiked tensions among Pakatan Harapan parties in Selangor, where the pact has yet to agree on seat negotiations as the 14th general election looms.
Menteri Besar Mohamed Azmin Ali of PKR, who is said to have ignored calls for the formation of a special committee to discuss the matter of seat distribution among the coalition's four component parties, has been singled out.
“Who is lying actually? We – Amanah, DAP and Bersatu – or Azmin himself?” said state Amanah chairman Izham Hashim, following PH's setting of a fresh deadline to settle seat negotiations.
The pact has set a deadline of February 7 – a week after it failed to resolve the issue by January 31, a date that had been set by PH deputy president Muhyiddin Yassin.
Izham defended state Amanah communications director Jamzuri Ardani, who had said seat negotiations in Selangor had yet to take off due to Azmin's move to ignore calls for the setting up of the special committee.
The matter was confirmed by PH chairman Dr Mahathir Mohamad, who recently said the coalition had formed a special committee to look into seat distribution in the state.
Azmin today shot down the allegations, saying only the committee's name had been changed and that discussions were ongoing.
He slammed Amanah for not telling the truth about seat negotiations, saying the parties had met four times to discuss not just the matter of seats, but all issues related to preparations for GE14.
Jamzuri said his statement was supported by DAP.
“My statement on Selangor PH's seat negotiations is true and has been confirmed by state DAP chairman Tony Pua in his statement published by The Malaysian Insight,” he said on Facebook.
Izham said Azmin was the one lying, and the DAP statement proved this.
He said the four rounds of meetings that had been held discussed polls-related matters, but did not touch on seat distribution.
“He is lying. It's impossible for three other parties to lie, and Azmin is the only one with a different statement. It's like bringing Umno's attitude into PH. ”
Amanah previously said it had sent a letter to Azmin, asking that the special committee be set up immediately to discuss seat allocations, but had yet to receive a reply.
Selangor Amanah chairman Izham Hashim has trained his sights on PKR's Mohamed Azmin Ali, as tensions rise over seat negotiations within Pakatan Harapan in the state. – The Malaysian Insight file pic, February 2, 2018.
Sources said PKR wanted to stand in all 21 seats it contested in GE13, and an additional 10 seats that had been won by PAS.
Amanah, DAP and Bersatu, meanwhile, agreed that the 20 seats contested by PAS in the previous general election would be split between Amanah and Bersatu, while DAP would continue contesting its 15 seats.
There was also a proposal that Bersatu take on some seats won by Umno in GE13.
“Azmin has also told a Bersatu leader that PKR wanted to contest the Shah Alam federal seat, as well as Hulu Langat, which was given to Amanah in the previous seat negotiations meeting,” said a source.
The pact seems to be facing trouble in Terengganu, too.
State Bersatu secretary Hambali Abdul Latif, on Facebook, revealed that there were issues related to seat negotiations.
The state PH communications director had made three postings, attacking allies in the pact's other component parties.
State PH chairman Raja Bahrin Shah, however, said negotiations had been settled for 26 out of the state's 32 seats.
“Only six seats are overlapping, and no one is claiming the remaining two seats.”
In Kedah, only four seats are overlapping. They are Pantai Merdeka, Gua Cempedak, Kulim and Gurun.
“Today's meeting is expected to complete seat negotiations in Kedah because we hold our discussions amicably, not emotionally, for PH's victory,” state PH deputy chairman Dr Ismail Salleh told The Malaysian Insight.
Negotiations in Kelantan have also been smooth, with Amanah given the most seats to contest.
“We try to settle everything using the best formula to ensure we can win. Now, there is a suggestion that Bersatu should also contest in Pengkalan Chepa and Kubang Kerian, to pave the way for a PH victory,” said an Amanah committee member, speaking on condition of anonymity.
“Before this, the two parliamentary seats had been given to Amanah.”
PH has completed seat negotiations only in Johor and Negri Sembilan. The pact has sought new deadlines in other states to resolve the matter.
– https://www.themalaysianinsight.com
.
In this age of the Facebook Cambridge Analytica scandal, people are now very conscious about giving access to third-party users since these may not always be aboveboard and may use the data for nefarious reasons. A new report by The Wall Street Journal shows that while Gmail may have told people they've stopped their computers from scanning users' emails and sending them targeted ads, it looks like they're still letting third-party app developers “read” emails and view private details. Users may be giving permission to these apps in one way or another, but it may not always be clear what permission you're granting.
These apps do explicitly ask you to grant them access to your email in exchange for some free service or to sign up for a website or log in to an app using your Gmail credentials. You've probably seen those requests for email management apps to “read, send, delete and manage your email” and if you really wanted to use the mobile app as your main email app, you will of course grant this permission. But what you don't know is that sometimes, humans are doing the accessing and reading and not just the computers that we assume are the ones doing it.
Companies like Return Path and Edison Software lets their human engineers view the email messages to train their machine algorithms to handle the data. In some cases, they realized that the computers were mislabeling or misreading the data and they needed human intervention to be able to perfect their app's algorithm. Their privacy policies mention monitoring emails but they don't mention the human part. Edison Software says that they have now stopped this practice and “expunged all such data” to comply with their privacy priority.
Google for its part says that this access to their users data is only given to third-party developers that have been closely vetted. They check on the company's identity, its privacy policies, and that the data they are getting makes sense for the business that they are running. There are times when Google employees do read emails but it's with very specific cases where users give Gmail their consent or for security purposes like investigating a bug or abuse.
So far, there has been no proof that data acquired by Google or these third-party developers have been misused, just like with the aforementioned Cambridge Analytica scandal. But there's still this uneasy feeling that all these 3rd party apps can see things like recipient addresses, timestamps, and yes, entire messages. And given that phishing attacks are getting smarter and more inventive, it's only a matter of time until something goes wrong or a person sells the data to nefarious elements. Google and these developers need to assure us that they're taking every precaution to protect their users.
VIA: Wall Street Journal
Nollywood actress Genevieve Nnaji stepped out in style today to celebrate the African culture.
She was spotted at the Afrika Shrine in which the French president, Emmanuel Macron is also present.
See another photo below:
Actor-filmmaker George Clooney will be the 46th recipient of the AFI Life Achievement Award.The award, announced on Thursday, will be presented to Clooney on June 7, 2018, here, reports variety.com"George Clooney is America's leading man. Director, producer, writer, and actor - a modern-day screen icon who combines the glamour of a time gone by with a ferocious passion for ensuring art's impact echoes beyond the screen," said Howard Stringer, chairman of the American Film Institute Board of Trustees."AFI is proud to present him with its 46th Life Achievement Award," Stringer added.Clooney has won the best actor Academy Award for his role in Syrian and a Best Picture Oscar as a producer on Argo. He has also received Best Actor Oscar nominations for Michael Clayton, Up in the Air and The Descendants; directing and screenplay nods for Good Night, and Good Luck; and a screenplay nomination for The Ides of March.
WARR ACRES, OK -- Walmart is testing an automated kiosk in the parking lot of its store here where customers can pick up online grocery orders. After customers order and pay for their groceries online, Walmart employees pull the ordered products and pack them in bins stored inside the 20-ft. x 80-ft. kiosk, which has frozen and refrigerated sections. Customers enter a five-digit code to retrieve their orders from the kiosk.
Walmart's new concept comes on the heels of Amazon's pilot of Amazon Fresh Pickup in Seattle. It differs only in that Amazon employees load the groceries into the customers' cars upon their arrival at the drive-up shop.
New Year's day celebrations turned to tragedy for some South Africans.
Several drownings were reported across the country.
At least six people died along the Eastern and Western Cape beaches on Sunday.
A 32-year-old man drowned in Muizenberg after efforts to resuscitate him were unsuccessful.
Three people drowned in separate incidents in Port Alfred, while drownings were also reported at Jeffrey's Bay and East London.
Among the victims is a five-year-old child.
The speaker of the Free State Legislature lost two grandchildren, who drowned in a swimming pool on New Year's Eve.
Several others were saved by National Sea Rescue Institute officials.
[Source: eNCA]
Comments
comments
SQUALID military housing is putting new recruits off joining up.
SWNS SQUALID: Poor military housing slammed
Defence chiefs have fallen “woefully short”, according to the Royal United Services Institute. It is claimed squaddies, sailors and airmen will leave in their droves unless the Government deals with the problem. The RUSI report calls for a pledge to provide good accommodation. It adds that Ministry of Defence plans are “woefully short on detail and methods of delivery, frustrating representatives of service families”.
Stunning former soldier Lauren Young poses with GUNS in sexy Instagram pics Stunning former soldier Lauren Young has set Instagram on fire posing with heavy-duty firearms. The beautiful U.S Army veteran served in the 485th Military Police Company from 2011 to 2012 while deployed in Afghanistan. She's now back in the States and studying law and psychology 1 / 11
MoD bosses ran the risk of driving the next generation of would-be soldiers away unless a “coherent and detailed” housing strategy is developed. And families should receive “increased priority” when it comes to military housing, the report recommends. MoD chiefs were accused of making a huge blunder when they sold off more than 55,000 service family homes in 1996.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SUBMITTED PHOTO Members of St. Paul's Lutheran Church, Dallas, are being asked to fill their piggy banks to help end hunger in the United States and abroad.
The congregation of St. Paul's Lutheran Church, Dallas, is raising money for The World Hunger ministry of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA). Throughout the month of February, all members are being asked to fill their piggy banks to help end hunger in the United States and around the world.
A challenge has been issued to the members to raise $1,000 by Feb. 26. It that goal is met, Pastor Charles Grube of St. Paul's will kiss Otis the pig, which lives at Blue Chip Farm Animal Refuge in Dallas.
A reception is planned at 9:45 a.m. Feb. 26 to cheer on Pastor Grube and Otis.
The compliance problems existing between Iran and the international financial system compel Iranian tourists to spend cash money for their journey and shopping. Therefore, visitors from Iran have difficulty in spending money, unable to fully unleash their potential. With regards to the compliance problem, tourism professionals expect a solution from the Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey (CBRT). The number of Iranian tourists to Turkey was recorded at 2.5 million in 2017 and this figure is expected to exceed 3 million this year. Yet their vacations are obstructed by the problem of spending with credit cards. Tourism professionals underscored that the compliance issues that Iranian banks have with the Turkish financial system, which is integrated to the global banking system, due to the U.S. sanctions imposed on Iran, negatively affect trade with Iran and tourism sector.
Participating in a tourism fair in the Iranian capital, the Turkish Hoteliers Federation (TÜROB) Chair Timur Bayındır stressed that Turkey receives great interest from Iran. However, he underscored that due to the problems in wiring money between Turkey and Iran, the number of Iranian visitors remain below the potential.
"Iranians are unable to use credit cards in Turkey. They can only spend cash. Because of customs and theft risks, they cannot have large sums of money while travelling to Turkey. So, Iranians are obliged to spend limited money during their vacation in Turkey," Bayındır said. Recalling that Iran and Russia trade in their local currencies, the TÜROB Chair said Turkey may use a debit card system that allows Iranian tourists to deposit Iranian toman and use that debit card while spending in Turkey. He stressed the necessity for Turkish and Iranian banks to work together on the development of this system. In case the problem is solved, Iranian tourists will be able to spend more, Bayındır added.
The Banking Supervision and Regulation Authority (BDDK) announced that the officials of the CBRT and Iranian Central Bank have started working on a system that will solve the problem Iranians have with using credit cards in Turkey.
For international money transfers, Turkish banks are using Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) just as more than 11,000 financial institutions in more than 200 countries and territories do around the world. Despite the fact that the system is Belgian, the U.S. has access to all the data of financial transactions on SWIFT. Therefore, it is difficult for business people or even tourists to wire money over this international system since Iran is excluded from the global financial ecosystem by the U.S. sanctions.
Evaluating that the recent agreement that will increase the scheduled flights between Turkey and Iran by 40 percent, Bayındır said the capacity increase will be beneficial for coastal cities. "Since direct flights from Iran to coastal areas are now allowed, Iranian visitors will land in Istanbul and then transfer to coastal regions," Bayındır said, recalling that half of Iranian tourists use land transportation and other half prefer charter flights while visiting Turkey. The TÜROB chair also emphasized that the sector expects a 20 percent rise in the number of Iranian visitors while 5 percent of this rise will be facilitated by flight capacity increase.
Police in Edmonton are investigating an altercation between Ward 3 City Councillor Dave Loken and a candidate looking to replace him on council.
On Saturday afternoon, Sarmad Rasheed and his campaign organizer were standing outside their election booth, talking to Ward 3 residents at a youth day event in Castle Downs Park.
Shortly after 1 p.m. current city councillor Dave Loken arrived at the event to give a proclamation on youth day and approached Rasheed's booth.
What happened next differs depending on who you ask.
Rasheed said he initially tried to shake Loken's hand, but Loken came up to him in a threatening manner, told him he shouldn't be at the event and that he needed to pack up and leave.
“I was at an event, he came to my booth, he attacked me at my booth, in front of my people, in my ward. The organizer had to escort him out of my area,” Rasheed explained.
He said Loken pointed his finger at him and got right up close to his face and poked him in the glasses. Rasheed filed a police report alleging the councillor assaulted him and made him feel unsafe. He said this is not the first time he has had a problem with Loken.
What happened on Saturday that led a city council candidate to file a police report against a sitting Councillor? @GlobalEdmonton at 11. pic.twitter.com/A1rasEvgKW — Sarah Kraus Global (@SarahNKraus) August 15, 2017
“He is absolutely not happy because I am campaigning against him. He took it personally. It's unfortunate. I extended my hand to him, he refused. He doesn't want to shake my hand, he doesn't want to talk to me. It's unfortunate to see this kind of behaviour from a city councillor. I was shocked.”
In a statement, Loken said he approached Rasheed because he felt having a campaign booth on public property violated election rules.
“He became very agitated and told me that he did not have to take orders from me. I agreed with him and said that was true but that he had to follow the rules. I was pointing my finger at him to make this point and he told me to stop pointing and I did, but then Rasheed made a swiping motion at my finger but did not make contact. I also told him to stop making defaming statements about me in the community,” the statement reads.
Loken went on: “I did not make any physical contact with him, nor did I threaten him, at any time – either verbally or physically. I was at a safe distance away from him at all times so as to not invade his personal space.”
The councillor said he provided a statement to police and is cooperating with their investigation.
One Ward 3 resident who witnessed the altercation, but did not want to be named, said Loken was unfriendly and aggressive, but did not touch Rasheed.
Rasheed's campaign organizer, Ben West, also said there was no physical assault.
“No, they did not touch each other at any point,” West said. “I don't want to make Dave Loken look bad. I don't like attack campaigns, it's something I'm not very fond of.”
West said he couldn't hear the men speaking, but watched what happened.
“Sarmad went to shake his hand, and Mr. Loken did not return the favour. He was very, not angry necessarily, but aggravated I guess. He was talking really loudly and not letting Sarmad get a word in. He was just saying we shouldn't be campaigning here, even though we had called city elections previously to make sure that was ok.”
West said the civic elections office told Rasheed he was allowed to have campaign posters in the park because it was part of a private event and organizers had invited the candidate to take part. He said Loken was being unfriendly towards Rasheed.
“I don't think it's escalated to the point where it's threatening, but it was definitely unprofessional,” he said.
“I think it's unfortunate that Dave Loken chose to act the way he did.”
After the incident, an organizer from youth day approached Loken and asked him to go away from Rasheed's booth, which Loken did.
Rasheed said he won't let the incident stop him from continuing to campaign in Ward 3.
With files from Scott Johnston
Posted by Darin Gantt on April 18, 2017, 7:02 AM EDT
They're not offering many updates at the moment on construction delays at the new Atlanta stadium.
So it makes sense that they're not ready to blow the old one up just quite yet.
According to Tim Tucker of the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, the demolition of the Georgia Dome was originally expected in July, but they might push it back with construction delays at next-door Mercedes-Benz Stadium.
“There's no date set for the demolition,” said Brett Jewkes, the senior vice president and chief communications officer of Falcons parent company AMB Group.
Some degree of update is scheduled for today on the new building, as the scheduled opening has been pushed back twice already to July 30, and further delays could threaten the preseason Falcons games. The organizers of the college games scheduled for the first week in September say the Falcons have assured them it will be ready.
But just in case, there's a slightly used Georgia Dome sitting right next door. The turf has been pulled up (the last event was a monster truck rally in March), but the building is largely as it was last season.
Jennifer LeMaster, a spokesperson for the Georgia World Congress Center Authority, said last month that “until the Dome is demolished, it could be utilized.”
At a time when the NFL is squeezing municipalities for help to build stadiums, let's just hope that having a spare one next door doesn't become a trend, or the cost to citizens could double.
A chieftain of the Progressives Congress (APC) and member of the party's board of trustees (BoT), Alhaji Abubakar Kawu Baraje, yesterday said the alleged plot to impeach Senate President Bukola Saraki will not stand.
He asked those hatching the plot to be wary of their machination as it may boomerang.
Baraje, a one-time acting National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) spoke with reporters in Ilorin, the Kwara state capital at the sideline of a prayer session to commemorate his 67th Birthday.
The politician said he was aware of the ongoing gimmicks by certain forces but warned that those behind the impeachment plot should tarry because of the dire consequences.
He stated that the Saraki's camp would be watching to know the length with which the plotters would go to achieve their target.
The political associate of Senator Saraki added that the former governor of the state has had a firm grip of the upper chamber of the National Assembly like never before, insisting that he cannot be intimidated owing to the fact that he enjoys the confidence of his colleagues.
He recalled that a group within the Senate, who vehemently resisted Saraki leadership at inception, had aligned and stood solidly behind him.
He maintained that the President of the Senate was brilliant and full of hope and dream for Nigeria, warning that such lofty hope should not be destroyed on the altar of politics.
Said he: “Many of us helped to build APC. I'm one of them, he (Saraki) was and still one of them. We are still building the party. I think the party has not made a statement about the so-called threat to impeach him. We only learnt from the news that we read and from hearsays. And I think very sincerely, there must be ground before you impeach somebody like him, and they (Senators) have their own rules and regulations and we all have constitutions that guide impeachment.
“If the Senate President is seen to have violated such rules, why not? But sincerely as of today and to the best of my knowledge, I don't think any Senate President in the past, in the immediate-past or long past, has held the Senate like Bukola Saraki has been holding it. He has been seeing to be a team player, he has been seeing to be leader that carries the Senate along and he has been seeing to be somebody, who can endure, give and sacrifice for this nation.
“Remember that he got to that position like a war, as if he was fighting a war. Today, even those people, who opposed him, are the most fanatical people, who are his supporters today. So, what reason do you want to say you have to want to impeach such a person.
“I'm aware there are a lot of gimmicks, but the worst one that would boomerang against anybody who is planning anything, is to say they want to impeach Bukola Saraki. That Senate is solid as I have never seen. I believe it would keep bouncing. There are other ways that the gimmicks are going, let us all keep watching. We can only wish Nigeria well.
“But I only hope and pray that Nigerians will not be destroyers of their hope. Bukola Saraki is young that is what I mean by hope; he has age on his side; he is brilliant; he knows Nigeria; he has dream for Nigeria. If today, we now stand to say we want to destroy such people, then that is why I said I hope and pray that Nigeria will not destroy its own future.”
More than a baker's dozen of flour products have been pulled from grocery store shelves.
As of April 16, Ardent Mills recalled 16 varieties of Robin Hood and Creative Baker flour from stores across Canada with a wide range of product codes and package sizing.
"As a result of the food-safety investigation, the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) identified additional products that could pose a health risk. Those products have now been added to the updated recall warning," CFIA spokesperson Maria Kubacki said on Monday.
"The CFIA is warning the public not to consume these products," she added. "If consumers have any of the recalled products in their home, they should throw them out or return them to the store where they purchased them."
On its website, Ardent Mills said it is co-operating with CFIA's food safety inspection and direction to expand the flour-products recall.
"Ardent Mills is aware of one illness associated with the consumption of flour, and thankfully that person has fully recovered," the company said in a press release. "There have been no illnesses reported with the products subject to the April 12 and 16 voluntary recalls."
The company noted it is committed to doing all it can to provide ingredients that make safe, healthy and good tasting products.
But it does add that "flour is a raw agriculture commodity made from wheat, which is grown outdoors where bacteria and microbes, such as E. coli O121, are often present."
The release seems to suggest that because there is no heat process used to cure the wheat, it remains possible that E. coli O121 can still be harboured in the product until it is cooked.
"The normal milling process uses the simple, time-honoured traditions that were invented more than 100 years ago. Today's mills, however, have significantly improved food safety. Nonetheless, neither the original process nor today's process contain a kill step to eliminate microbes, such as E. coli O121 that may originate with the wheat. Common kill steps applied during food preparation include thoroughly boiling, baking, roasting, microwaving and frying. These so-called kill steps will render the microbes or bacteria harmless."
Initially, only 10-kilogram bags of Robin Hood All Purpose Flour with code BB/MA 2018 AL 17 and 6 291 548 that were sold in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba were considered to have been possibly contaminated with E-coli.
But as of April 4, the Public Health Agency of Canada opened the recall up to be one of national concern.
As of Sunday, Robin Hood bags of varying sizes containing the following codes are being recalled:
Lot codes:
BB/MA 2018 FE 02 and 6 307 548
BB/MA 2018 FE 03 and 6 308 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 26 and 6 300 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 26 and 6 300 548
BB/MA 2018 JA 24 and 6 298 548
BB/MA 2018 JA 25 and 6 299 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 25 and 6 299 548
BB/MA 2017 AU 25 and 6 299 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 27 and 6 301 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 28 and 6 302 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 28 and 6 307 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 29 and 6 303 548
Additionally, Creative Baker All Purpose Flour, 10-kg bags with lot code BB/MA 2017 OC 26 6 300 SK is also being recalled.
For more recall information, visit this Canadian Food Inspection Agency recall link.
CBrowne@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/cherylbrowne1
Roseanne Barr ​resorted to the “I'm not a racist” line of defense amid a day of lashing out at all comers on Twitter Wednesday — ​also ​declaring her ​comparison of a black former Obama senior aide to an ape “insensitive, not racist​.​”
“I'm not a racist, I never was & I never will be,” Barr tweeted​ a day after her rants got the successful “Roseanne” reboot canceled and all her old episodes pulled from the air​.
“One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities, against networks, studios, at the expense of my nervous system/family/wealth will NEVER b taken from me,” she said.
The embattled TV star has been getting blasted on social media for being a “racist” and “bigot” following her “planet of the apes” tweet about ​ex-Obama staffer Valerie ​Jarrett.
Barr, who is now unemployed, has even been getting called out by her supporters.
“Yes. Her joke was racist and in poor taste. She apologized and deleted the tweet BEFORE the s–t hit the fan,” wrote one Twitter user.
“Stop saying that,” Barr replied. “It was insensitive not racist.”
The onetime '90s icon was also retweeting messages of support Wednesday, which seemed to fire her up.
“You guys make me feel like fighting back,” Barr tweeted. “I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U.”
Related Video 3:33 ABC cancels 'Roseanne' after racist tweets
Former New York Islander Mike Comrie — the ex-husband of actress Hilary Duff — is accused of raping a woman at his Los Angeles pad during a three-way sex encounter, according to a report.
The woman claims she met the ex-NHL player at a local bar Saturday night and went back with him to his condo in West LA, law enforcement sources told TMZ.
The unidentified woman claims that Comrie, 36, raped her multiple times, but Comrie claims the sex was consensual, according to the celebrity gossip website.
The alleged victim went to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, where a rape kit was administered.
Comrie has not yet spoken to police, the site reported.
Sources told TMZ that Comrie has known the woman “for a long time,” and that another woman was involved in the sex. That woman is believed to have not filed a complaint.
Comrie's NHL career spanned 13 years and aside from playing with the Islanders, the Canadian native has also played with the Edmonton Oilers, Philadelphia Flyers, Phoenix Coyotes and Ottawa Senators.
He married Duff, 29, in August 2010, and they welcomed son Luca in 2012.
The former couple called it quits in February 2015 and their divorce was finalized a year later.
Auntie's Health and Wellness Centre in downtown Halifax was once again open for business Monday, just days after being raided by police.
On Friday, owner Shirley Martineau and three of her employees were arrested and charged with possession for the purpose of trafficking in marijuana and possession for the purpose of trafficking cannabis resin.
READ MORE: Police arrest Halifax shop owner selling marijuana without restrictions
Martineau, 66, is also facing an additional charge of cultivation of marijuana.
“I don't feel like I'm a dealer,” Martineau said during an interview with Global News on Monday.
“I think they should be out getting the fentanyl people and the people that are dying on fentanyl. No one's ever died on cannabis.”
Martineau's storefront opened in July. At that time, she required all customers to have a doctor's prescription in order to purchase marijuana products. Two weeks ago, that changed and she opened her doors to anyone over the age of 19.
Selling marijuana without a prescription is currently illegal in Canada.
WATCH: Halifax store opens doors, selling marijuana to anyone over 19
Martineau said she decided to change the way she does business because she got tired of turning people away who were in need of medical cannabis but unable to get a prescription.
“We have to make a stand. I'm here for the patients and I'm not quitting anytime soon. I'm sorry. But I can't,” Martineau said.
Chris Backer, vice chair of Maritimers Unite for Medical Marijuana, says he fully supports Martineau.
“Not everybody can get a doctor, not everybody can get a prescription and if you're an adult, it should be an adult decision,” he said of the decision to purchase marijuana.
READ MORE: Halifax store's decision to sell marijuana receives support from advocates
Martineau says that Auntie's Health and Wellness sells recreational marijuana at a higher cost, $13 a gram, to offset the cost for those who need the drug for medical purposes and pay $4 a gram.
She says her eventual goal is to be able to supply medical marijuana free of charge to those who require it.
After police raided her store on Friday, Martineau says she lost thousands of dollars in products. In a subsequent raid of her home, police seized thousands of dollars in cash and 24 marijuana plants.
With Martineau facing serious drug charges, she is unable to be at her business and her store is currently being run by a group of volunteers.
Despite her legal woes, Martineau vows to continue to push on.
“They've already put me in jail. They can't do much more to me,” she said. “They've taken everything I have, so, I just got to keep going.”
“I've got a lot of backers. People want this.”
Martineau is scheduled to appear in court to answer to the drug charges Feb. 7.
She hopes the charges against her and her employees will be dropped in the near future.
MOGADISHU: At least three people were killed when a suicide attacker set off a car bomb at a checkpoint outside the main base of an African Union peacekeeping force in the Somali capital on Monday, police said.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
Islamist al Shabaab militants, who want to topple the Western-backed government, have carried out similar attacks in the past.
"So far we know three of the security forces died. We believe al Shabaab is behind the attack," Mohamed Ahmed, a police officer, told Reuters.
He said the death toll was likely to go up because the bomb was powerful and it had caused damage even to nearby residential buildings.
A Reuters photographer at the scene saw the burnt-out shell of the bomber's car and another vehicle nearby on fire.
Nearly 300 members of Somalia's federal parliament were sworn in last week and they are expected to pick a new president.
(Reporting by Abdi Sheikh and Feisal Omar; Writing by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has applauded the Tivs of the Middle Belt for showing disgust about their state in Nigeria and for demanding for a separate state of Takuruku Republic.
IPOB said this came in the face of sponsored and sustained harassment, intimidation, massacre by Fulani dominated security operatives in the Nigeria security apparatus.
A statement signed by the media and publicity secretary of the group Comrade Emma Powerful, insisted that there is no alternative to peace in Nigeria than dividing the country along “ancient boundaries for the benefit of all”.
It said it knew that Middle Belt was deceived into fighting against Igbos when they clamoured for a nation for itself.
“This is what we IPOB have been clamoring and fighting for since 1967 till date. Dividing Nigeria along ancient boundaries for the benefit of all, irrespective of tribe or religion, is the only solution to the myriad of problems bedevilling Nigeria today”.
There is no other solution. The incompatibility and irreconcilable value systems of the feudal core Arewa caliphate North to the progressive, egalitarian and predominantly Judeo-Christian Middle Belt, South East, South South and South West will forever make Nigeria unworkable”,the statement added.
It said if Southern Nigeria had been blessed with visionary leadership at the height of the nationalist fervour in the late 1950s, there would not have been any Fulani herdsmen genocide today or the Biafra holocaust of the war era, because the core Arewa North would have existed a separate Islamic country with full complement of Sharia law as they have always wished, it said.
It cited example of India, Pakistan and Bangladesh which decided to go their separate ways at independence.
Selena Gomez's new video for “Bad Liar” is definitely giving her fans something to talk about.
Gomez released the video on Wednesday, featuring the baby-faced singer playing a high school student as well as three other characters — her father, her mother and her father's fellow teacher with whom he's developed a flirtation with. The video, directed by Jesse Peretz, who's helmed episodes of Girls and Orange Is the New Black, notably has a vague ending, and teases more to come.
As Gomez covertly caresses a photo of the bombshell teacher getting close to her dad — which is really Gomez sporting a Farrah Fawcett-style blonde wig — the video fades out to the words “coming soon” and “fetish.” Gomez then stares into the camera and mouths the word fetish, though there's no sound.
WATCH: Selena Gomez on '13 Reasons Why' Backlash, ‘Empowering' Second Season and Recording New Music
[embedded content]
On her Instagram on Tuesday, Gomez referred to the “Bad Liar” video as a “film.”
#Badliar – a film A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Jun 12, 2017 at 11:50am PDT
WATCH: Selena Gomez Indulges in a Cheesecake Before The Weeknd's Concert, Couple Go on Racy Dinner Date
Gomez has been busy promoting her new single with multiple press appearances and show-stopping outfits, and on Thursday, she suffered a wardrobe malfunction in a top that flaunted major sideboob.
Watch below:
KUALA LUMPUR: Former Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak has maintained his innocence and said the trial was the "best chance" for him to clear his name.
Speaking to the media on Wednesday (Jul 4) after leaving the Kuala Lumpur Court Complex, Najib expressed hope that the trial would be "truly fair".
Advertisement
"If this is the price I have to pay for serving Malaysians for 42 years, I am willing. I hope the judgment process is truly fair, following the rule of law.
"I am confident in my innocence, I believe in my innocence. This is the best chance for me to clear my name after the numerous accusations and slander levelled against me," he said.
The trial date has been set for Feb 18 next year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Najib had earlier pleaded not guilty to abuse of power and other charges arising from an investigation into scandal-hit state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB), weeks after he was ousted in a stunning election defeat.
Najib, 64, who has denied wrongdoing in relation to 1MDB, was charged with abuse of power and three counts of criminal breach of trust as part of an investigation into a transaction involving SRC International, a former unit of 1MDB.
"I thank the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission and the security team for treating me well and respecting me as the former prime minister. Hopefully this process moves smoothly and, God willing, the public stays calm.
"I am touched by the presence of my supporters who are here to give me moral support even though I did not call for a movement, but they came willingly," Najib added.
Earlier, Najib's supporters had urged Attorney-General Tommy Thomas to conduct his press conference in Bahasa Melayu instead of in English.
Their shouts of support caused the authorities to temporarily suspend the press conference and adjourn the media briefing to a separate location in the complex.
Several individuals including local celebrity Ellie Suriaty and UMNO politician Faisal Ismail Aziz were given police warnings for their provocations and cries of "Hidup Najib" or "Long Live Najib".
About 200 officers and security personnel were present at the court complex.
- Advertisement -
Lagos State has paid a total of N61 billion to its retirees since commencement of the retirement benefit bond certificate presentations in 2010.
The state Governor, Akinwunmi Ambode, who disclosed this at the pension conference organised by Pensionscope in Lagos last week, said his government is in the forefront in meeting pension obligations to retirees.
Ambode, who was represented by the Commissioner, Lagos State Ministry of Establishments, Training & Pension, Dr. Akintola Benson Oke, said that retirees no longer have worries on retiring, saying, “It is not surprising that retiring public officers now look forward to retirement with more confidence and joy. This is how it should be.”
- Advertisement -
According to him, the administration will not relent in its effort to ensuring better living for retirees.
He stated: “Lagos state will continue to ensure that public service retirees not only get what is due to them statutorily but also continue to receive, through other agencies and programmes, further and additional support and assistance that will add value to their lives in retirement.”
On the benefits of the Lagos state Pension Reform laws, he noted that the laws have served as an important tool in addressing some of the challenges arising from working environment especially as it affects the socio-economic life of the people.
He said, “On a holistic note, the provisions of the law encourage labour market flexibility”.
WASHINGTON: U.S. homebuilding fell more than expected in March as the construction of single-family homes in the Midwest recorded its biggest decline in three years, but an increase in building permits suggested the housing market recovery remained intact.
Housing starts decreased 6.8 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.22 million units, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday.
February's starts were revised up to a 1.30 million-unit pace from the previously reported 1.29 million-rate.
Economists had forecast groundbreaking activity falling to a 1.25 million-unit pace last month. Homebuilding was up 9.2 percent compared to March 2016.
The dollar held at lower levels against a basket of currencies after the data, while prices for U.S. government bonds were little changed. U.S. stock futures were lower.
Unseasonably warm temperatures buoyed homebuilding in February, but temperatures dropped in March, with a storm lashing the Northeast and Midwest regions. Bad weather could have accounted for some of the drop in homebuilding last month.
Single-family homebuilding, which makes up the largest share of the residential housing market, fell 6.2 percent to an 821,000 unit pace last month, retreating from a near 9-1/2-year high.
Single-family starts in the Midwest declined 35 percent, the largest drop since January 2014, to their lowest level since August 2015. Single-family starts in the Northeast were unchanged. They rose 3.2 percent in the South, but fell 5.5 percent in the West.
Last month, starts for the volatile multi-family housing segment dropped 7.9 percent to a 394,000 unit pace.
Pointing to underlying strength in the housing market, building permits increased 3.6 percent, driven by a 13.8 percent surge in the multi-family segment.
While single-family permits fell 1.1 percent last month, they were not too far from the more than nine-year high reached in February. A tightening labor market, which is generating steady wage growth is underpinning the housing market.
The sector, however, remains constrained by a dearth of properties available for sale. Builders have failed to bridge the gap, citing a range of problems including shortages of labor and land as well as rising material prices.
A survey on Monday showed homebuilders confidence slipped in April from a near 12-year high in March. Still, measures of current sales and sales expectations remained at lofty levels.
(Reporting By Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
Time Out's 2018 City Life Index placing Singapore as second least exciting in a ranking of 32 cities has gotten netizens all riled up. Channel NewsAsia's Lin Suling suggests we pay less attention to these surveys.
SINGAPORE: Singaporeans do not like to be told that we bombed in a test of any sort.
So it's no surprise that news on Wednesday (Jan 31) that Singapore is seen as one of the least exciting among 32 cities in Time Out's 2018 City Life Index stirred up a storm on social media.
Netizens rushed to defend Singapore's reputation, with many highlighting how Singapore has become more interesting over the years with events like the Formula 1 Grand Prix.
A few visitors to Singapore also chimed in, saying they've enjoyed their trips here.
But the greatest applause for defending the country's reputation must surely go to the Singapore Tourism Board (STB) which released a video on Facebook.
“There is nothing exciting to do”, the video exclaims against a backdrop of many well-loved attractions, events and activities – including a bungy jump.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Well played STB.
Never mind that no one I know has tried the bungy jump in Singapore. STB's response showing netizens what Singapore has in store for those with a nose for adventure was a brilliant move in earning scores of eyeballs from all around the world.
Perhaps STB can chalk up the video as a public relations success, with an acquired viewership of what would otherwise require an expensive marketing campaign to promote Singapore as a tourism destination to achieve.
And as it was put out just a day after the Time Out index was reported, one must also commend STB for the speed at which a response was decided upon and issued.
Its video format, which aimed to show netizens how exciting Singapore is as a lifestyle destination with a tongue-in-cheek tone, was also a refreshing break from the usual official practice of issuing rebuttals based on written argument and rational logic.
OWNING OUR 31ST PLACE
Where praises were sung and compliments were generously dished out online following STB's response, these stood in stark contrast to the majority of comments when the news first broke - comments that seemed to suggest Singapore deserved what it got.
“Agree that Singapore is expensive and boring. I rather spend the money in neighbouring countries to get most of my cash,” said one netizen.
Others lamented our lack of culture and appreciation for the arts, and our dearth of creativity and imagination.
Whatever we say about Singapore, there's no denying Singaporeans are an interesting bunch who will have something to say about any index the country is placed on, especially if our national pride seems at stake.
Yet it is curious that we should place so much emphasis on such surveys which seem subjective and, in this case, based on the opinions of just 235 people living here. Who are these 235 folks and are they representative of our population?
Global surveys are also never free from respondent bias, so let's face it – whether Singapore is exciting or not depends on who you ask. What makes for a great city to one might seem tedious to another.
Part of the illuminated circuit is seen during the third practice session of the Singapore F1 Grand Prix at the Marina Bay circuit September 25, 2010. (Photo: REUTERS/Edgar Su)
Where the abundance of new clubbing venues would arguably be more attractive to a millennial in their twenties, people like myself probably derive more entertainment from sitting at home and watching a favourite television show with the family – over a bowl of fishball noodles from the nearby hawker centre.
So who is to say what the best standards for judging how exciting a city is are?
All this is not to suggest that we deserve a higher position. Indeed the other cities on the list are well-established destinations, known for their live music and bustling night life.
But it might be worth taking a step back and asking ourselves - what's the value of such rankings?
RANKED FOR WHAT?
Where we have no shortage of information about how Singapore is doing internationally, whether this be the latest World Economic Forum ranking on competitiveness or Bloomberg's innovation ranking, what is more important is how these should be processed in a meaningful manner.
Where rankings of cities as lifestyle destinations have little relevance to resident populations, it seems worthwhile to understand who their target audience is – to help us contextualise Time Out's index.
This is where things got a lot more revealing.
Time Out after all is a publication whose client centre says their audiences are primarily 15- to 34-year-olds who have taken 5.2 holidays in the last 12 months, go to a live music concert 4.4 times on average each year, and visit a bar 10 times a month.
In a popularity contest among these global youths, how should Singaporeans feel about coming in 31st of most exciting cities from around the world?
It's just like being told you were ranked 31st in a beauty contest you didn't even know you entered.
And even if we were the most exciting city, would we attract the most number of tourists, if that is our intention? Lots of readers would likely shudder at that prospect.
Where it's been pointed out that Singapore's tourism strategy targets the Chinese market, what reach does Time Out have in Beijing and Shanghai and other vast population centres like Chengdu and Tianjin?
A screengrab of the VisitSingapore landing page for visitors from China which plays on the Passion Made Possible tagline by using the exact phrase in Mandarin but inserting a mention of the Lion City.
Even though city rankings like these have more value for specific demographics of tourists than for resident populations, no doubt Singaporeans will continue to follow these with great interest.
Where popular sentiment towards how Singapore fares as a country will remain a nebulous quality that is difficult to quantify, perhaps the value these survey have for us is to simply prompt debate on what we ourselves think, and properly situate just who did the survey and who it's meant for.
Until then, it might be worth taking these international rankings less seriously, or at least taking them with a pinch of salt.
Unless of course you're STB. Then it's a good chance to score some tourism promotion for Singapore at a bargain price.
Lin Suling is executive editor of the Commentary section at Channel NewsAsia Digital News.
Getty Images
The Saints aren't exactly what you'd call overburdened with defensive talent.
So it sounds odd on its face that they'd be trying to part with a starter.
According to Nick Underhill of the New Orleans Advocate, the Saints have grown frustrated with cornerback Delvin Breaux‘s injury history and are looking for trade partners.
Breaux hasn't been practicing lately because of a leg contusion, and had multiple injuries last year. A shoulder injury landed him on IR last year after he broke his fibula in Week One, limiting him to just six games in 2016. He played all 16 as a rookie in 2015, and has played well when well.
The Saints have been shuffling the roster lately, and have shown some interest in veteran cornerback Leodis McKelvin.
“It's difficult,” she says. “It has a little bit peculiar content.”
A Beautiful Star is a surreal science-fiction fable by Daihachi Yoshida, about a family of four: a father, a mother, a son (Kazuo), and a daughter (Akiko). One day, the father, Kazuo, and Akiko start to get strange heavenly messages that tell each of them the same thing: They're not from Earth. Dad starts to believe he's from Mars. Kazuo believes he's from Mercury. Akiko believes she's from Venus. It makes the kind of sense a bizarre dream makes when you're in the middle of it, which evaporates upon waking and defies description.
But that was all right with Miyake. If a film makes sense the first time you see it, she says, that just means it's easy. This movie was complex, its atmosphere dreamy and its score luscious. There would be plenty more to find if she saw it again. Which she did, several times, before she finally attended a teach-in by Yoshida himself after her fifth viewing.
For three hours, the director and his audience talked about the movie, and the 1962 novel it was loosely based on, and finally, Miyake began to plumb its depths. A Beautiful Star's message is in no way apparent on the surface, but if you dig further, it becomes a commentary on how human beings alienate themselves from environmental concerns, and a cautionary look at climate change and nuclear disasters. Why save a planet you believe you have nothing to do with?
Armed with her new knowledge, of course Miyake would have to see it again.
The only problem was that the movie stopped showing in Tokyo before Miyake was done with it. So she began to follow it around, catching it in Hokkaido and Kanazawa, until it was no longer showing in Japan. Then she followed it through cities all over Korea. She crossed continents to catch it in Vancouver. By the time she came to Minnesota to see it two more times -- her first solo trip to the United States -- she had cracked the upper 80s.
“My objective is to get to 100,” she says, standing in the lobby of the St. Anthony Main Theatre in Minneapolis, wearing a cardigan covered in little pink stars and carrying a silver handbag with stars etched into the surface. Her weekend at the Film Society of Minneapolis St. Paul's annual film festival would allow her to bump her tally to 90.
Photo credit: Gaga Corporation
“It is like an adventure,” she says. She's grateful to the film festival staff, she says. They could have chosen any Japanese film, and they picked the one she would cross oceans to see.
The funny thing is, A Beautiful Star isn't necessarily a blockbuster, even in Japan. It didn't get a huge audience, either, when she came to her first screening in Minneapolis. Miyake sees it as a sort of hidden gem, and she wants to expose it to the world. Especially young people, she says. After all, it's their planet next.
And if you don't feel like you get it the first time you see it, Miyake says, don't worry. You can always see it again.
Q: With the increasing emphasis on the roles of fresh fruits and vegetables in a healthy diet, I am interested in the possibility of growing berry plants in my yard. Are there some that would do well in the Mobile area?
A: Absolutely! There are both blueberries and blackberries derived from native varieties that are well-suited to our Mediterranean climate, fit well into yard landscapes, are relatively pest- and disease-resistant and, with moderate care and management, will yield plenty of fruit for the average family. Both are delicious as fresh berries, in jellies and preserves, for baking, and in smoothies and other health drinks.
Look for a site in your yard with full sun and good air circulation for best growth and to avoid diseases. If there is a slope, plantings should be at the upper portion of the slope in well-drained soils. Avoid soils with heavy clay. If you do not know your soil pH, take soil samples and have a test performed for both blueberries and blackberries by a reputable soil lab. We recommend Auburn University but there are private labs that do the same thing.
Avoid areas where berry plants would have to compete with tree roots for water and nutrients. Remove competing grass from around the berry plant for about 3-5 feet. Be sure a water source is nearby because during dry periods both blackberries and blueberries need to receive at least 1 inch of water a week and 2 inches when fruiting.
Rabbiteye blueberries (Vaccinium ashei) perform best in our area. Bushes may live up to 20 years, reach 5-8 feet across and, unless topped occasionally, may become 15 feet tall. Blueberries require soil conditions similar to azaleas and camellias, with a slightly acidic pH of 4.5-5.2 and good organic content. Soil pH can be adjusted with garden sulfur or aluminum sulfate, based upon your soil test recommendations.
To produce a good fruit crop, rabbiteye blueberries need to cross pollination between two different varieties. Varieties bloom and ripen at different times so when choosing plants, make sure they have similar blooming and fruiting periods. Good pairings for south Alabama include Climax, Austin and Premier for early berries in late May to early June, and Brightwell and Tifblue for ripe fruit in late June-July.
New plantings should be in a hole no deeper than the soil depth of the pot you're taking them out of and twice as wide as the pot. Space plants at least 6-8 feet apart for a hedge effect or 10-12 feet apart to be able to walk around mature plants. Fill the planting hole with water and allow it to drain. Gently remove the plant from the pot and carefully spread the roots out to fit in the hole.
Mix organic material such as moist peat moss or shredded pine bark into soil from the hole before covering the roots and refilling the hole. Berries are shallow rooted and sensitive to dry soils and over fertilization, so add no supplements to new plants the first season and water in thoroughly without leaving standing water. Remove damaged and dead branches and any that droop to the ground.
In the second year, fertilize your blueberries with ammonium sulfate or any fertilizer for acid-loving plants such as azaleas and camellias. Make sure it is a complete fertilizer containing micronutrients. An organic fertilizer such as cottonseed meal can also be used. Do not use a nitrate fertilizer. In subsequent years, fertilizer can be applied when new growth begins (March-April) and again during fruiting in June.
Use about 1/8 cup of fertilizer per plant for each year of growth, not to exceed 1/2 cup per application. Spread fertilizer lightly to cover the entire soil surface under the branches; avoid using fertilizer spikes as they will burn plant roots. After about five years of growth, several older, woody stems can be removed each year to encourage new, fruiting stems and retain good air circulation and light penetration. Mulch regularly with about 4-6 inches of pine chips, pine straw or oak leaves.
Blackberries require a different soil environment — pH 6.0-7.0 (should be located away from acid-loving plants) — and sandy loams with some coarse sands. They are perennial plants but produce stems on a two-year cycle (biennially). Do not prune in the first year of planting. The canes or stems that will produce flowers and fruit (floricanes) first appear at the end of fruiting in the previous year (in year one called primocanes).
After fruit harvest (mid-July) all floricanes should be removed. Newly sprouted primocanes can be top pruned in February or March, before flower buds form. Prune to about 3-4 feet. Lateral branches will form at the point of pruning. Primocanes may lose their leaves in the winter but do not fret, they will leaf out again in early spring. In their second year, primocanes become flowering and fruiting floricanes. Berries usually ripen between late June and early August.
In the home landscape, thornless, erect to semi-erect varieties of blackberries reduce the possibility of injury to people and pets, and require little or no trellising support. Good varieties for our area include Navaho, Arapaho and Apache. They are self-pollinating and do not require more than one variety to fruit well.
Planting instructions for blackberries are similar to those for blueberries. Allow about 4 feet between plants. Do not bury or damage the “crown” area where the stems come out of the ground. Keep well mulched and watered.
After the first year, fertilize with a complete fertilizer (10-10-10 or 13-13-13) with micronutrients. Make three applications of about 1/4 cup in March, May and July. Keep fertilizer away from the crown and any very shallow roots.
NOTE: Good varieties of blueberries and blackberries can be purchased at the Mobile Botanical Gardens Spring Plant Sale, March 16-19, or at local nurseries.
You are invited to these upcoming gardening events
• What: Mobile Master Gardeners Lunch & Learn
• When: Monday, Feb. 20, noon to 1 p.m.
• Where: Jon Archer Center,
1070 Schillinger Road N., Mobile
• Topic: Community Gardens, Dr. Pat Hall
• What: Mobile Master Gardeners Spring Seminar
• When: Saturday, March 4, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
• Where: Jon Archer Center,
1070 Schillinger Road N., Mobile
• Cost: $30 non-master gardener, $20 master gardeners; includes box lunch, drinks and more
• Topics: Gardening for Serenity: Outdoor Spaces that Rejuvenate, Heal and Ground, Jenny Peterson; Trialed and Trusted Plants, Distinctly Southern, Robert “Buddy” Lee, inventor of Encore Azaleas
Reservation Deadline Feb. 25; call 251-574-8445 for more information.
LOS ANGELES: The iconic hillside sign overlooking Southern California's film-and-television hub was defaced overnight in honor of marijuana.
Residents awoke on Sunday to find "Hollyweed" staring down at them in four-story, white letters from Los Angeles' Mount Lee, where a version of the picture-ready "Hollywood" sign was first erected in 1923.
City surveillance cameras captured footage of someone dressed in black about 3 a.m. (1100 GMT) whom police believe was behind the conversion, Sgt. Robert Payan of the Los Angeles Police Department said in a phone interview.
Material similar to a tarp was placed over the two O's to make them appear as E's, and park rangers were assessing how to remove them, Payan said.
There were no suspects, but the person if caught could be charged with misdemeanor trespassing, he said.
A ballot measure to make recreational marijuana legal for adults was easily approved by California voters on Nov. 8, opening the most populous U.S. state to the burgeoning commercial cannabis market, although the drug remains illegal under U.S. federal law.
Rapper Snoop Dogg, a noted cannabis consumer, tweeted a photo of the sign on Sunday and said: "#hollyweed - that's were I get my mail. #merryjane."
The Hollywood sign remains a popular spot for hikers and tourists, who used to be able to walk up to the sign and take a picture. Now, a fence blocks people, and accessing the sign is difficult.
The famed vista with the Hollywood sign was nearly spoiled by development in 2010 until a conservation group, with donations from Playboy magazine founder Hugh Hefner and others, purchased adjacent land to save the view.
The sign originally read "Hollywoodland" and was created to promote a housing development. The last several letters deteriorated in the late 1940s, and the part that remained was restored in 1978.
(Reporting by Kevork Djansezian; Writing by David Ingram; Editing by Mary Milliken and Phil Berlowitz)
The voluptuous vixen was thrust into the world of showbiz when she dated the Power cast member, 42.
Despite their relationship not working out, the pair who share a five-year-old son are still in great terms and were both spotted at his birthday party last year, rocking superhero costumes.
50 isn't the only famous musician the stunning Philippine beauty has dated.
She also enjoyed a brief romance with R&B crooner, Jason DeRulo.
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” he said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” he said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, he added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” he said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Donald Trump suggested during the campaign that he would ban lobbyists from his administration. Now they're working at the very agencies they sought to influence.
Donald Trump at the Lawrenceville National Guard Armory on May 19, 2016, in Lawrenceville, New Jersey (Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
The Trump Administration ProPublica's ongoing coverage of the 45th President.
During his campaign, Donald Trump repeatedly welcomed the idea of banning lobbyists from his administration.
Fast forward eight months, and now-President Trump is welcoming them in.
Last June on CBS's “Face the Nation,” host John Dickerson asked Donald Trump: Given the candidate's drumbeat of criticism of the Washington lobbyist class, “Will you say ‘No lobbyists will work for me and no big donors?'”
“I would have no problem with it, honestly,” Trump responded.
After the exchange, a “Face the Nation” producer followed up with campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks, who confirmed that, yes, Trump was referring to banning lobbyists from his administration.
The sentiment is in line with what Trump told NBC's “Meet the Press” in another interview a year earlier, when he called banning lobbyists from working in his administration “a pretty good idea.”
As ProPublica detailed last week, a longtime construction industry lobbyist who previously worked against wage and workplace safety regulations is now in a key position at the Department of Labor. The lobbyist, Geoff Burr, is reportedly in line to be chief of staff if Andrew Puzder is confirmed as Labor secretary.
At the Food and Drug Administration, longtime pharmaceutical lobbyist Jack Kalavritinos has a senior role in the agency's early Trump team, according to Stat News.
Kalavritinos spent more than seven years as the chief lobbyist of the medical device and pharmaceutical firm Covidien. (Covidien was subsequently acquired by Medtronic.) In that role, Kalavritinos lobbied the FDA and Congress on a host of issues related to medical device regulation, disclosure records show. Among the legislation he lobbied on was the Novel Device Regulatory Relief Act and the Food and Drug Administration Mission Reform Act.
Trump himself recently criticized the extensive influence of the pharmaceutical lobby. “Pharma has a lot of lobbies and a lot of lobbyists and a lot of power and there's very little bidding on drugs,” he said at a press conference last month.
K Street was a frequent punching bag for Trump on the campaign trail. He once tweeted:
It's difficult to know how many former lobbyists are now working in the Trump administration. Both Burr and Kalavritinos are members of Trump's so-called “beachhead teams,” which are made up of officials installed at federal agencies to lay the groundwork while the president's nominees make their way through the Senate confirmation process. The administration has said there are around 500 such staffers, but has not released a list of names.
Trump last month issued an executive order on ethics for appointees that weakened elements of the Obama-era policy on former lobbyists joining government.
Trump also hired a range of lobbyists into influential positions during the transition period, between Election Day and the inauguration on Jan. 20. As The New York Times noted in November, telecom, energy, and agriculture industry consultants and lobbyists were all named to influential roles.
The White House did not respond to a request for comment.
Northeast Johnson County residents this week are mourning the loss of Rich Nitsch, the former FBI investigator who devoted himself to volunteering in local schools, introducing students to the sport of wrestling and advocating on behalf of the state's K-12 education system.
Nitsch died unexpectedly Thursday at the age of 64.
After retiring from the FBI, Nitsch — who started his career as a high school wrestling coach — and his wife Susan became pillars of their school communities, serving in key roles in the Belinder Elementary and Indian Hills PTAs and the Shawnee Mission East Band Booster Club.
Nitsch was also one of the founders of the group that became GameOn for Kansas schools, the advocacy organization that now plays a significant role in efforts to promote a strong public education system across the state.
Eric Mikkelson, the former Prairie Village city councilman, recalls that it was Nitsch who convened the first meeting of the GameOn group.
“He was a ‘zero-to-one' creator,” Mikkelson said.
Among his volunteer contributions, Nitsch helped build the Indian Hills wrestling program and served as its coach. The team won this year's district championship.
“Rich was an incredible man and role model not only students at Indian Hills but also the adults that he touched,” said Indian Hills principal Scott Sherman.
As one of the leaders of the Kansas City Wrestling Club, Nitsch organized summer camps that featured Olympian Melvin Douglas, who Nitsch had coached as a high schooler.
“The only reason those camps happened is because Rich coached Melvin in high school,” said Marc Erickson, a friend and fellow KCWC coach. “Rich organized the camps himself and paid for everything so that all kids could go for free.”
Stories such generosity are abundant. With his daughter Natalie involved in SM East's band, Nitsch has been a key volunteer for the program during director Alex Toepfer's first years in the job. Toepfer said he saw Nitsch step up to help kids in need time and again.
“Rich's impact on at-risk kids was huge,” Toepfer said. “I knew of one kid whose lunch account Rich would donate $50 to, anonymously, just to make sure he was eating enough. He did stuff like that all the time.”
He was also a positive presence who had the ability to brighten the day of everyone he encountered.
“He was so connected, so adored by everyone. No matter what was happening in your day, just a few short minutes with him left you smiling,” said Belinder Elementary principal Steve Yeoman. “He really went out of his way to build relationships with students and families and always believed in the good in everyone.”
His family is organizing a celebration of life. Details to come.
Africa's richest man and chairman of Dangote Group, Aliko Dangote, says he aspires to be the biggest philanthropist on the continent.
Dangote said this on Wednesday in Lafia while disbursing N130 million micro-grant to 13,000 vulnerable and less privileged women in Nasarawa state.
“I do not only want to be known as Africa's richest man but the biggest philanthropist in Africa. I will continue to use my resources and my voice to help shape a better Nigeria and Africa as a whole,” he said.
Dangote said he started the foundation in 1993 to improve the lives of the less fortunate and make a positive difference in the growth of Nigeria.
He said the four major goals of the foundation were health and nutrition, education, economic empowerment and disaster relief.
He explained that the grant scheme was one of the components of the economic empowerment programme of the foundation.
Dangote said it was aimed at providing disadvantaged and vulnerable women in the country with a one-off unconditional N10, 000 cash transfer to boost their household income generation.
“This we believe will help their vulnerability and meet their livelihood needs,” he said.
He explained that the programme, which was launched a few years ago, was targeted at a minimum of 1,000 women in each of the 774 local government areas across the country.
“It is estimated that we would spend about N10 billion with some states with a large population getting a little bit more,” he said.
“We at Aliko Dangote foundation are happy to continue providing support to the most vulnerable and deserving members of the society across the country.”
Off-Putting Topic, Terrific Show
BY ANDY HUMM | We've embraced shows about killing people and turning them into meat pies (“Sweeney Todd”), domestic violence (“Carousel”), and suicide (“Dear Evan Hansen”). But when you hear that there is a new play with music about an enclave of people on the sex offense registry, the tendency might be revulsion or demurral. If you can't get past that initial reaction, you will miss out on one of the finest theatrical experiences of the season, “America is Hard to See.”
This is a show that dares to humanize people who we literally do not see because they have been sentenced to a lifetime of living far away from anywhere near children. Their employment opportunities are extremely constrained. They have little access to the Internet where we all live now. We learn that there are 72 rules that they must follow while on parole or risk being sent right back to prison.
Director and playwright Travis Russ and researchers from his Life Jacket Theatre Co. went to Pahokee, Florida (in the “wrong” end of Palm Beach County) and its purposely isolated “Miracle Village” of 131 souls on the registry, living in dwellings built for migrant workers amidst miles of sugar cane fields that are now harvested by machine. They spent several years gathering their stories and the patient and creative effort pays off in an intimate show about people many want to write off as irredeemable monsters.
“America Is Hard To See” explores the invisible world of sex offenders
The residents opened up on everything from their crimes to their regrets to their prospects, but mostly how they are meeting the challenge of living and developing community on the margins of society.
The story unfolds gently through what their portrayers tell us and what they sing to us through music composed by Priscilla Holbrook.
There is Chad (Ken Barnett), the young gay teacher who crossed the line with a high school student, almost avoided prosecution, but was done in through participation in an ex-gay program.
Chris (David Spadora) at 20 had been dating a girl with the full knowledge of her parents only to find out too late and unbeknownst to him that she was underage.
Older Thomas (John Carlin) owns up to a grievous offense, doesn't make excuses for himself, but hasn't given up on life or the possibility of redemption.
In a show with strong religious themes, salvation comes in the form of Pastor Patti (Amy Gaither Hayes), a local Methodist minister challenged by the existence of these pariahs and what it would mean to welcome them. No pious preacher, Pastor Patti, who has her own dark secret, is just trying to live her faith as she deals with these newcomers and the rest of her congregation which includes her young adult daughter, Lexi (Valerie Gareth Tidball).
The uniformly excellent ensemble is rounded out by Joyce Cohen who, like the rest of the cast, seamlessly takes on multiple roles in a story that by turns surprises, informs, and moves. There is even some humor along the way, but never at the expense of the victims. The lyrics and dialogue are based on interviews with those portrayed in the play.
The current laws, which have consigned more than 800,000 Americans to state sex offense registries, barely concede that people who commit these crimes are capable of rehabilitation or may be able to earn re-entry into society. “America is Hard to See” questions that assumption and helps us engage with some people we have given up on. Even if you think they fully deserve every restriction that they live under, you may be inspired by their ability to cope, live, and love despite all their manifold challenges.
AMERICA IS HARD TO SEE: A PLAY WITH MUSIC | Life Jacket Theatre Co. at HERE, 145 Sixth Ave., enter on Dominick St. | Through. Feb. 24: Wed.-Sat. at 8:30 PM $35 – $45 at here.org or 212-352-3101 | 90 mins., no intermission
(Reuters) - Merck & Co Inc Chief Executive Kenneth Frazier resigned from U.S. President Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council on Monday, saying he was taking a stand against intolerance and extremism.
Frazier, who is African-American, is the only CEO so far to leave one of Trump's advisory councils because of his reaction to the violence in Virginia. Prominent Democrats and Republicans criticized Trump's response to the violence over the weekend.
A gathering of hundreds of white nationalists in Virginia took a deadly turn on Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters and killed at least one person.
Trump had said "many sides" were involved, drawing fire from across the political spectrum for not specifically denouncing the far right.
"America's leaders must honor our fundamental views by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal," Frazier said in a statement announcing his resignation. (bit.ly/2fFnITM)
"As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism," he said.
Trump responded in a tweet, saying now that "Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Merck shares rose 0.8 percent in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, in line with the wider market.
Merck & Co. CEO Ken Frazier (R) listens to U.S. President Donald Trump speak during a meeting with manufacturing CEOs at the White House in Washington, DC, U.S. February 23, 2017. Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
Other top business leaders also spoke out in reaction to the violence in Charlottesville.
"Lincoln: 'A house divided against itself cannot stand.' Isolate those who try to separate us. No equivalence w/ those who bring us together," Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein tweeted on Monday morning.
Several executives from top U.S. companies have stepped down from a number of presidential advisory councils in protest to Trump policies.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger left the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, in June, after Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Musk also left the manufacturing council.
Former Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies.
The White House said Sunday that Trump's remarks condemning violence at a white nationalist rally were meant to include the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups.
Democrats and Republicans criticized Trump for waiting too long to address the violence - his first major domestic crisis as president - and for failing when he did speak out to explicitly condemn white-supremacist marchers who ignited the melee.
Trump on Saturday initially denounced what he called "this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides."
On Sunday, however, the White House added: "The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry, and hatred, and of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi, and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
The Commerce Ministry of China on Monday issued an order banning imports of coal, iron-ore, lead-concentrates and ore, lead and sea-food from North Korea, effective from Tuesday.
This is as Beijing moves to implement United Nations sanctions announced earlier this month.
The UN sanctions must be implemented 30 days after the resolution was approved in a vote on Aug. 6.
Chinese government however warned the administration of Donald Trump not to split the international coalition over North Korea by provoking a trade war between China and the United States.
This is even as Trump is expected to sign an executive memorandum Monday afternoon instructing his top trade negotiator to launch an investigation into Chinese intellectual property violations, a move that could eventually result in severe trade penalties.
The move by the U.S. is seen by the Chinese as an attempt to put pressure on Beijing to act more strongly against North Korea and an attempt to blame China for not interfering in the Nuclear programme of North Korea.
“It is obviously improper to use one thing as a tool to imposing pressure on another thing,”
“There will be no winner from a trade war, it will be lose-lose,” Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a news conference on Monday.
In an editorial, the state-owned China Daily newspaper said Trump was asking too much of China over North Korea.
Trump's “transactional approach to foreign affairs” was unhelpful, it said, while “politicizing trade will only exacerbate the country's economic woes, and poison the relationship between the two countries.
That won't bring results when it comes to North Korea either, it argued.
Like this: Like Loading...
By Jason Pan / Staff reporter
The Taiwan High Court yesterday upheld a guilty verdict for former Keelung City Council speaker Huang Ching-tai (黃景泰) of the Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT), handing him a 15-year prison sentence with deprivation of civil rights for four years.
It was a reduced term for the 51-year-old Lee in the second ruling on the case after he was given a 20-year sentence by the Keelung District Court in the first ruling in August 2015.
The district court found him guilty of breaches of the Anti-Corruption Act (貪污治罪條例), including bribery, improper influence, accepting kickbacks, embezzlement of public funds and forgery of documents, starting in 2011 when he headed the Keelung City Council.
Evidence and witness testimonies indicated that Huang had embezzled public funds from the council amounting to NT$91.46 million (US$3.03 million at the current exchange rate) through falsified receipts and forged documents.
Other charges against Huang from the first ruling stemmed from his suspected involvement in real-estate development, improper influence and collusion with real-estate developers, including a luxury condominium complex built by JSL Group near Badu Train Station, along with a land revitalization project by Unison Developing Co and street expansion work near Keelung's Yuemei Road.
However, in the second ruling he was cleared of the charges related to the condominium complex and the road works due to insufficient evidence.
The investigation and the guilty verdict against Huang have likely derailed his political career.
He was seen as a rising star for the KMT in northern Taiwan after capturing the city council speaker position in 2010.
Huang was the KMT's nominee for the Keelung mayoral race in 2014.
However, corruption allegations forced the party to withdraw his nomination.
Huang quit the KMT and ran as an independent in the November 2014 election, but lost to Lin Yu-chang (林右昌) of the Democratic Progressive Party.
Trump's statement on Charlottesville, which begins about the :50 mark, after his comments on the economy:
The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the deadly car attack that killed one innocent Americans and wounded 20 others. To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered. As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence. It has no place in America. And as I have said many times before, no matter the color of our skin, we all live under the same laws. We all salute the same great flag, and we are all made by the same Almighty God. We must love each other, show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans.
Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, Neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans. We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. We are equal in the eyes of our Creator. We are equal under the law. And we are equal under our Constitution.
It may be the fight of the year, nay decade.The date: Aug. 26.The place: Las Vegas, Nev.The fight: Unbeaten boxer Floyd Mayweather vs. Ultimate Fighting Championship champion Conor McGregor.Both fighters took to social media to share the news Wednesday that they will fight after months of speculation. MMA President Dana White speculated that Mayweather would get at least $100 million from the fight and McGregor $75 million.Article Continued Below“THE FIGHT IS ON,” McGregor tweeted announced first, posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.Mayweather followed on Instagram, saying “It's official!”While details are sparse, the location is believed to be either the T-Mobile Arena or the MGM Grand Garden, both in Las Vegas. The fight request from Mayweather Promotions was approved by the Nevada Athletic Commission.
Samson Siasia, Rwanda, FERWAFA The Rwanda Football Federation (FERWAFA) has shortlisted former Super Eagles coach, Samson Siasia and …
Rwead more
Gearbox Software has revealed an update on the Borderlands movie as well as announcing plans to make a Duke Nukem movie. Alright here we go, another video game adaptation (or two) coming our way hoping to break the mold and make the ultimate video game movie that isn't complete and utter trash. There have been a few that have tried to ditch the trash reputation, which was namely started by the first few Resident Evil movies and Super Mario Bros., which was actually considered worse than trash. I guess Mortal Kombat could make that list and if that's the case, we have to throw The Wizard in there too.
Borderlands are announced over a year ago, but news has been relatively quiet since the initial announcement and many have wondered if the movie was going to happen at all. Gearbox Software CEO Randy Pitchford spoke to Geoff Keighley via YouTube Live at E3 where he provided an update on the Borderlands adaptation. Pitchford explains.
"We've been developing scripts and the strategy that we're on right now is, that it's obviously in the Borderlands universe, but rather than retell the stories that were in the game, we' create new stories so that the films will have their own film canon."
Pitchford went on to compare the new project to the Marvel Cinematic Universe. He says this.
"We'll use all the characters and scenarios, it's similar to what Marvel is doing. You can read any particular film plot in a comic book, but there are a lot of characters, themes, and in fact, some of the situations are represented."
In addition to the Borderlands movie, Pitchford also announced that Gearbox Software is getting close to a deal with a major Hollywood studio to produce a Duke Nukem big screen adaptation. And apparently he was not kidding. Though he was secretive about any concrete information, Pitchford shared his excitement about the project. He explains.
"We're working on Duke Nukem! I can't announce it, but it's blown my mind, there's been a lot of production companies have come at us. We're putting together a deal right now with a major motion picture studio; I'll tell you off the record if you want to know. It's the exact right people that should be doing a Duke Nukem film and we'll see what happens. It's unbelievable, I think that's very likely a thing."
While everything sounds "exciting!" and "unbelievable!" we'll take this info with a grain of salt. Hollywood has been trying for a number of years to get a Duke Nukem movie adaptation off of the ground. Pitchford is very enthusiastic, but nothing official has been announced regarding the movie. The development for Duke Nukem started back in the 90s and was apparently about to start production in 2009 when Gearbox Software took over the video game franchise, which put a permanent stall to the project.
In addition to Duke Nukem and Borderlands, there are plenty of video game movies in various forms of development at the moment. It was recently announced that Resident Evil will be getting the reboot treatment as will Tomb Raider. Dwayne "the Rock" Johnson is currently filming a big screen adaptation to the popular arcade game Rampage and Kong Skull Island director Jordan Vogt-Roberts is currently prepping work on his love letter to the Metal Gear Solid franchise. I'm still holding out for a Zelda series or full-length movie, c'mon, make that happen.
It's going to be a while longer before a Borderlands movie happens and even longer before the Duke Nukem movie hits the screens, but until then fans can look forward to seeing Duke Nukem make a small cameo in Steven Spielberg's upcoming Ready Player One movie, which is set to hit theaters on March 30th, 2018. I guess if you're super impatient, you can start writing scripts for these adaptations and sending them to Gearbox to help push the projects along.
A series of Chinese military drills near Taiwan were designed to send a clear message to the self-ruled island and China will take further steps if Taiwan independence forces persist in doing as they please, a government spokesman said on Wednesday.
BEIJING: A series of Chinese military drills near Taiwan were designed to send a clear message to the self-ruled island and China will take further steps if Taiwan independence forces persist in doing as they please, a government spokesman said on Wednesday.
Over the past year or so, China has ramped up military drills around democratic Taiwan, including flying bombers and other military aircraft around the island. Last week China drilled in the sensitive Taiwan Strait.
China claims Taiwan as its sacred territory, and its hostility towards the island has grown since the 2016 election as president of Tsai Ing-wen from the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party.
China has been issuing increasingly strident calls for Taiwan to toe the line, even as Tsai has pledged to maintain the status quo and keep the peace.
Speaking at a regular news briefing, Ma Xiaoguang, spokesman for China's Taiwan Affairs Office, said the message the People's Liberation Army was sending with its exercises was "extremely clear".
"We have the resolute will, full confidence and sufficient ability to foil any form of Taiwan independence separatist plots and moves and to defend the country's sovereignty and territorial integrity," Ma said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"If Taiwan independence forces continue to do as they please, we will take further steps," he added, without giving details.
The military's drills are aimed at protecting peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait and the interests of people on both sides of it, Ma said.
Amid the growing tension with China, Taiwan's defence ministry said on Tuesday it will simulate repelling an invading force, emergency repairs of a major air base and using civilian-operated drones as part of military exercises starting next week.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Michael Perry)
AFP, OTTAWA
Pressure on Tuesday ratcheted up on Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's government to effectively deny a Chinese firm's purchase of Canadian satellite communications company Norsat International Inc over national security concerns.
Its purchase by Hytera Communications Corp Ltd (海能達通信) was approved earlier this month, after a routine security analysis.
However, since then, opposition parties, two former Canadian spy masters and a US congressional commission have raised concerns over the sale, which was put on hold on Monday after a US hedge fund came forward with an unsolicited rival bid.
The purchase of Norsat became the main topic of discussion in the Canadian parliament over the past week, culminating on Tuesday with Trudeau himself rejecting criticism about his government's handling of the case and refusing to back down.
“Our national security experts assessed the deal and the technology, and concluded there were no national security concerns,” Trudeau said. “We always follow the advice of our security experts on these matters. On top of that, we do consult with our allies, and in this case, directly consulted with the United States on this situation.”
Opposition parties accused the Trudeau government of fast-tracking approvals in order to curry favor with Beijing as Ottawa looks to expand trade with China.
They called for a more thorough national security review on the impacts of the transfer of Norsat's technologies outside Canada.
“How can the prime minister claim there were no national security concerns when there has been no national security review?” New Democratic Party leader Thomas Mulcair asked, accusing Trudeau of “trying to invent a new category of careful assessment.”
Beijing has said it regards national security reviews as a form of protectionism.
On Monday, the head of the congressional US-China Economic and Security Review Commission told the Globe and Mail that “Canada's approval of the sale of Norsat to a Chinese entity raises significant national security concerns for the United States, as the company is a supplier to our military.”
“Canada may be willing to jeopardize its own security interests to gain favor with China,” he said, adding that it should not put the security of its ally at risk in the process.
Norsat's customers include the Taiwanese, US, Irish and Scandinavian militaries, NATO, aircraft manufacturer Boeing Co and media firms Reuters, The Associated Press and Fox News.
At the same time, Norsat's board has asked Hytera to match an US$11.50 per share bid by Privet Fund Management of Atlanta or it would accept Privet's offer.
John Stones fist pumps as the other players pile on each other
ENGLAND beat Colombia in a penalty shootout last night to reach the World Cup quarter-finals, and the players celebrated wildly.
“Eric Dier's penalty kick slipped past the hand of Colombia goalkeeper David Ospina to seal a 4-3 shootout victory”
The Three Lions hadn't won a knockout match in any major tournament since 2006 - and had only ever won one penalty shootout - way back in 1996!
But that all changed when Eric Dier's penalty kick slipped past the hand of Colombia goalkeeper David Ospina to seal a 4-3 shootout victory.
Jordan Pickford had previously saved from Carlos Bacca, and Mateus Uribe had hit the bar after Jordan Henderson's effort was saved by Ospina.
Harry Kane, Marcus Rashford and Kieran Trippier were the other players to score from the spot for England.
The shootout victory followed a 1-1 draw in which a Kane penalty had been cancelled out in injury time by a Yerry Mina header - the centre-back's third goal in three games.
Gareth Southgate - who famously missed the decisive penalty in the shootout defeat to Germany in Euro 96 - has now guided England to their first World Cup quarter-final since 2006, and they will be strong favourites to beat Sweden in Samara on Saturday.
CLICK THROUGH THE GALLERY ABOVE TO SEE THE CELEBRATION PICTURES.
That's the view of Sky Sports pundit and ex-Premier League star Shay Given.
Brazil international Alisson has been heavily linked with a move away from Roma in recent months, with the Reds keen on the keeper.
And Given reckons the 25-year-old will impress against Liverpool in the Champions League tonight, claiming he would be perfect at Anfield.
“He has broken into the Roma team after (Wojciech) Szczesny was the No.1 before he went to Juventus last summer,” Given said on Sky Sports.
“He has taken the shirt and he's been fantastic all season.
“He's the Brazilian No.1 as well and we've all seen Ederson play for Man City this year and how good he's been and this guy's ahead of him.
One the Rice commission wants to seize.
It was charged with finding ways to reform and modernize rules, including looking at the NCAA's relationship with the NBA, youth leagues, apparel companies and agents. It was also set to review an enforcement process that frequently takes years to resolve complicated cases of potentially major rules violations.
The commission features several prominent names in the sport, including former NBA stars Grant Hill and David Robinson, former Georgetown coach John Thompson III, retired college coach Mike Montgomery and Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith.
"The stage is set, certainly, given what's happened with law enforcement and what we've seen in media reports around men's basketball at the collegiate level," Southeastern Conference commissioner Greg Sankey told the AP. "You involve Condoleezza Rice because you want an impactful outcome."
After Rice presents Wednesday morning, the boards will meet to consider adopting the commission's recommendations, either fully or in part. The next stop would be the Division I Council, a group mostly made up of athletic directors, to craft legislation for implementation.
Emmert said the council is already forming subgroups to deal with the targeted areas the commission is expected to address, with the goal of having legislation ready to be presented by August in time for next season.
Swofford, for one, said he'd prefer to end the one-and-done model of top NBA prospects arriving in college for one-year pit stops before turning professional, though that would also take agreement from the NBA. Swofford prefers a model similar to baseball by allowing high schoolers to go straight to the pros but require players who enter college to spend two years there.
He'd also like to see the NBA-run G League become a stronger developmental option for athletes who don't want to come to college, a path recently chosen by former Syracuse recruit and McDonald's All-American Darius Bazley.
Regardless, Swofford said, changes must be broad-based because "I don't think there's a silver bullet here" to fix everything. And he expects the commission to offer "substantive" findings.
"If we can't react to something like this in a way that brings significant improvement to the system and to what we're doing, shame on us," Swofford said.
___
AP College Sports Writer Ralph D. Russo in New York and AP Sports Writer John Zenor in Birmingham, Alabama, contributed to this report.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
By Aaron Beard, The Associated Press
Like any pop star with staying power, Christina Aguilera has managed to master the art of reinvention. She intrigued us after bursting on the scene with "Genie in a Bottle" during 1999's pop music renaissance, shocked us by separating herself from dozens of similar acts with chaps and piercings during 2002's "Dirrty" period, then produced hit after hit—and a new pin-up look—with 2006's jazz and soul inspired album Back to Basics. And that's just a corner of her resume.
Now, the 37-year-old is switching things up again with the release of her sixth studio album Liberation (available to buy and stream now), which is her first since 2012. And it definitely commands your attention. (Just watch her passionate “Fall in Line” performance with Demi Lovato at the 2018 Billboard Music awards if you need convincing.)
To celebrate the new album, Aguilera answered “The Big Questions”—a rapid-fire assortment of things you definitely want to know—for Glamour's August issue.
What's your full name, and where does it come from?
Christina Maria Aguilera. I'm half Ecuadorian, half Irish. My mom said she named me after a princess.
What's your idea of true happiness?
The idea of true happiness is seriously just peace of mind. No deadlines and no judgments.
What's your idea of hell on Earth?
Suppression. Well my whole album is called Liberation for a reason. It's about the anti-being suppressed and feeling stifled. There's nothing worse in the world than feeling like you're in a stifled place where you're being told how to be, how to dress, how to act, how to feel. And it happens all the time. So I think at a certain level maybe we're all a little suppressed. But you know yeah. That is definitely hell on earth to not be free.
What's a headline about yourself you'd love to read?
Well I'm going to go for the unattainable. But these are pretty off the beaten path questions and a little bit imagination so “Christina Aguilera Does The Unimaginable Solves World Hunger” Or “Bridges Social Divide."
Would you rather stop time or speed it up. And why?
Stop time for sure. It's going too fast! My kids are growing up way too soon I'm like oh my dear lord. Where is time going? So definitely to be able to freeze time. I would do it in a heartbeat.
If you could phone a friend right now, who would it be?
I think Priscilla. Priscilla always makes me happy. She's done my hair, my extensions for so friggin' long. I've known her forever. She's my ride or die.
If you could be anyone, who would you be?
Wonder Woman. Real people are too complicated for me. I want to kick some ass!
What's the best invention of all time?
Social media. It allows you to speak your mind and squash rumors. But it's also the worst, for so many reasons.
What three things would you take to a desert island?
I'd need company, so either my dog or my man, water or wine, and definitely a boat, so I can get the fuck out of there.
How do you stand up for what you believe in?
You just do it! Very Nike campaign, but you have to be unafraid to go against the grain.
You have to give up sex, booze, or laughter. Pick one.
Booze. I'd have to start being a good stoner then, I guess.
What's something you wish you'd written?
“Imagine,” by John Lennon.
What's your most irrational fear?
The dark. I sleep with candles lit, a night-light, a nineties sitcom in the background, and a sound machine…. Yeah, it's special.
What advice do you think your 18 year old self would give to you?
Probably to get out more. Leave your bedroom!
What advice would you give to your 18-year-old self?
Start yoga. It helps everything.
This story appeared in Glamour's August 2018 issue.
By Imraan Buccus
The fires in Knysna and elsewhere in the Eastern Cape is a terrible disaster. People have lost their homes and all their worldly goods and been traumatised. The outpouring of support and concern for the victims of this disaster is a very positive development that should be welcomed by all.
But devastating fires are not a unique development. In fact they are an everyday feature of life in South Africa. In fact just a few days ago, 7 children under the age of 7 died in shack fires in Wyebank, Durban.
Shack settlements are at constant risk of fire and, like everyone else, shack dwellers face losing their homes, their property, and the trauma that comes with a devastating fire. Shack dwellers do not have insurance and a fire can leave people destitute.
It is very noticeable that, as a society, there is seldom much of an outpouring of support when the poor lose everything in a terrible inferno. In fact what usually happens is that officials blame the poor – rather than their living conditions – for the fire. Organised shack dwellers have been trying to politicise shack fires for many years now – to show that they are a result of political realities rather than being natural disasters. But elites in South Africa, across, race, have been mostly unmoved.
We need to ask why it is that, with important exceptions, most of the middle classes and the rich, as well as the corporates, just don't care about the poor. It is true that this is not unique to South Africa. The situation is much the same in India or Brazil. Mainstream America actively supports mass incarceration. But we, as a society, were supposed to be different. The anti-apartheid struggle, and then our new Constitution, were supposed to commit us to a very different kind of society. We were supposed to be a society in which everyone's rights were respected.
These rights exist in paper and in the increasingly hollow rhetoric of a fundamentally corrupt and rapacious political class. But they do not exist in practice. Certainly politicians should shoulder much of the blame for this. Many of our politicians are little more than despicable opportunists of the worst sort, enriching themselves at the direct expense of the poor.
But the all of the blame for the fact that so many of us care about fires in Kynsna but not in shack settlements cannot be laid at the door of our increasingly venal political class. The Italian communist Antonio Gramsci stressed that it is the ‘common sense' of a society, more than the ruling class, that sets its norms and values.
It is this ‘common sense', he argued, that must be contested by the left. Progressive values need to be become ‘common sense'. If rights are written into the Constitution but they do not become part of the ‘common sense' of a society they will not be enforced.
Our predatory political class is not helpful. There is no doubt about that. But that is not our only task. It is also vital that we contest the ‘common sense' of our society. This is work that needs to happen in the media, in universities, in the sphere of cultural production, in religious contexts and in all other spaces where meaning is made. No law can create a society where a fire in a shack settlement in Gugulethu gets the same attention and concern as a fire in Kynsna. Achieving this is ultimately intellectual and cultural work.
This is a moral question but is not just a question of basic decency, or morality. It is also a political question. If we are not able to build a society in which all people are respected, in practice as well as on paper, we will never be able to build a stable democracy and a workable economy. It is in our collective interest to move away from the colonial logic in which some people are disposable.
There is no room for pessimism. The extraordinary performance of Jeremy Corbyn in the recent British election shows that the tide can be turned against the rise of the right. We need to take heart from this event and build a political force that replace the corrupt elite currently in office. But at the same time we need to do the intellectual and cultural work of building a very different kind of ‘common sense', a ‘common sense' in which every fire gets the same attention and support as the terrible fires in Kynsna.
This means that we have to think about politics in a much broader and more sophisticated way. We have to understand that ideas and values are really important and that while state power is vitally important politics is a much, much broader field of contestation.
The dehumanised need to be rehumanised in our universities, our media, and our cultural production. This is an urgent task if we are going to have any chance of building a viable and sustainable democracy. We cannot afford to continue with the colonial logic in which some of us are considered to be disposable. If the young people driving the ‘decolonial' project in the universities want to show their critics that they are driving an emancipatory project and not just a narrow class project they could offer their youthful energies and creativity to this work
Imraan Buccus is senior research associate at ASRI, Research Fellow in the School of Sciences at UKZNand the academic director of a university study abroad program on political transformation.
Comments
comments
- Advertisement -
Media Rights Agenda (MRA) has inducted the National Hospital, Abuja into the Freedom of Information (FOI) Hall of Shame for alleged multiple violation of the provisions of the law, including poor record-keeping practice.
The group described the hospital's attitude towards transparency and accountability as an open sore in urgent need of healing.
In a statement by its Programme Manager, Mr. Ridwan Sulaimon, MRA said it was disheartening that the management of the hospital did not appear motivated to redeem its bruised image despite the fact that the FOI Act not only provides the opportunity for it to do so, but actually makes it mandatory for public institutions to put appropriate record-keeping in place.
MRA noted that rather than complying with the clear provisions of the FOI Act, for over six years since the law was enacted, the National Hospital has continued to flagrantly violate the binding provisions.
- Advertisement -
“This uncommon sophistication and capacity naturally justified the claim of the hospital as the flagship of medical institutions in Nigeria.
“Therefore, such institution ought to require no persuasion to improve its record keeping and transparency, especially given the volume of some of its financial dealings.
“For instance, the hospital claimed that between 2005 and 2010, it spent cumulatively the sum of N93,509,264.00 as waivers/exemptions granted indigent patients to access treatment.
“During the period 2005 to 2010, it reportedly waived between N10.25 million (in 2005) and N20.55 million (in 2008) for indigent persons. There are no data available for any period after 2010, Sulaimon said.
MRA moved against the hospital for not designating and publicizing the title and address of an appropriate officer to whom requests for information should be sent by members of the public.
Inter Allies have beefed up their technical team with the addition of Togolese Coach Adam Fazazi.
He will work as one of the two assistants to head Coach Kenichi Yatshuashi.
Adam Fazazi, until his appointment to the assistant coach role, was the head coach of the club's feeder side, Cedar Stars Academy. His new role comes as a promotion to the senior side after satisfactory work with Cedar Stars Academy.
The Togolese coach mostly worked in his home country as coach of teams like ASFOSA in the 2ndd tier, ASKO, Angers and Maranatha, all in the top tier.
He joined the Togo national team ranks and worked as Coach of the U-20 team that almost qualified to the 2015 African Youth Championship as well as a stint with their home-based senior side in 2012.
Coach Fazazi is a former defender who played for SARA – Sport de Bafilo in the lower division, top flights side ASKO de Kara, DUMAS de Lome and Etoile Filante de Lome.
The new assistant coach is expected to offer support to Coach Kenichi Yatshuashi and other coaches on the technical team to sustain the Club's league campaign successfully.
He has been part of the technical bench of the team's last four league matches.
St Michael's Hospice is celebrating its 30th anniversary with a special ‘Big Sing anniversary concert'.
The event is taking place at St John's Church, Pevensey Road, St Leonards, on Saturday October 28.
From 11am local choirs and singing groups will be taking it in turns to sing in 25 minute slots, all the way through to the evening, culminating in a number of choirs coming together for a Massed Messiah at 9pm.
Bruni Llovet, from the hospice, said: “St John's have kindly donated the church to the Hospice for this wonderful event.
“It promises to be a lovely day full of beautiful, harmonious singing, which members of the public can drop in, to listen to for free (donations welcome). Refreshments will be available throughout the day.
For info, call Laura from St Michael's Hospice on 01424 457971 or email fundraising@stmichaelshospice.com.
Ambitious plans to provide Bexhill with a new skatepark, BMX track and games area have been given a welcome cash boost.
Hastings Round Table has agreed to donate £5,000 to help improve sports and recreation facilities at Sidley Recreation Ground.
Rother District Council agreed the project in December last year and committed £300,000 of funding.
The scheme includes a new concrete skatepark, an improved BMX track to meet regional standards and an all-weather multi-use games area for basketball and football.
Cllr Jim Carroll, the district council's cabinet member for young people, sport and leisure, said: “We are delighted that Hastings Round Table has recognised the value of this project and have kindly and generously donated £5,000 in a bid to make it a reality.
“This is an ambitious project which will benefit the town as a whole and bring visitors to the area.
“We are fortunate to be working with Bexhill Burners BMX Club and the Bexhill Skatepark Action Group, who are helping us to promote the project and raise funds.”
The council is bidding for additional funding from Sport England to top up the capital money it has put aside for the project at the ground.
Skateboarder Harry Harmer originally highlighted the need to replace the existing facility back in 2016, saying the present one in Down Road near Bexhill Leisure Centre and King Offa Primary Academy had seen better days.
Hastings Round Table was able to make the £5,000 donation with funds raised primarily from the annual Hastings Beer and Music Festival.
This year's three-day event runs until Saturday (July 7) at The Oval in Hastings.
Marvin Bagley III is already used to cameras and attention after playing in Drew League this summer
Marvin Bagley III, considered the No. 1 high school basketball player in America for the class of 2018, announced Monday night that he is done with prep basketball. He will reclassify and attend Duke.
Bagley, a 6-foot-11 forward who's 18 years old, played for Chatsworth Sierra Canyon last season as a junior, averaging 24.6 points and 10.1 rebounds. There was speculation all summer that he would not return to Sierra Canyon and would seek to take his talent to the college or professional level. He finally made his announcement live on ESPN's SportsCenter and was down to Duke, UCLA and USC.
He said since Duke offered him a scholarship as a ninth grader, he had been interested in the school.
"I really trust the coaching staff over there," Bagley said. "They told me if i went there, it would go smooth and get me better. I'm very happy with my decision."
By completing his high school credits and joining a college team now, it means Bagley will be eligible for the 2018 NBA draft and put him into position to be a candidate for the No. 1 spot.
Bagley has spent the summer playing in the Drew League in Los Angeles against pros and ex-pros. Drew League chief financial officer Mike McCaa said, "In 44 years, he's had the most impact of any high school player I've witnessed."
America's Recording Academy president Neil Portnow has denied Beyonce's losing out on the top prizes at the Grammy Awards was due to racial bias.
The Formation singer, 35, won the Best Urban Contemporary Album and Best Music Video prizes at Sunday's ceremony but lost to Adele in the prestigious Record, Song and Album of the Year categories.
With her unexpected loss meaning no female African-American artist has won in the Album of the Year category since Lauryn Hill in 1999, fans and musicians including Beyonce's sister Solange and St. Vincent have accused Recording Academy voters of being biased against non-white artists.
Sufjan Stevens burns the Grammys over @Beyonce snub https://t.co/xdflfjXR1G — Pitchfork (@pitchfork) February 14, 2017
Portnow has denied the claims however, saying that members of his organisation are experts who are unswayed by the race of an artist.
“No, I don't think there's a race problem at all,” he told Pitchfork Media. “Remember, this is a peer-voted award. So when we say the Grammys, it's not a corporate entity - it's the 14,000 members of the Academy.
Grammys' Portnow: "You don't get Chance the Rapper as Best New Artist if you have a membership that isn't diverse" https://t.co/N3BCb7Mxpn — Pitchfork (@pitchfork) February 14, 2017
“They have to qualify in order to be members, which means they have to have recorded and released music, and so they are sort of the experts and the highest level of professionals in the industry.”
Even Adele was shocked to beat Beyonce, whose pioneering visual album Lemonade was hailed by critics as one of 2016's defining cultural moments.
Defending the Academy's members from the accusations, Portnow added, “We don't, as musicians, in my humble opinion, listen to music based on gender or race or ethnicity. When you go to vote on a piece of music - at least the way that I approach it - is you almost put a blindfold on and you listen.”
The Recording Academy Chief cited Chance the Rapper's win in the Best New Artist category as evidence voters honoured musicians of all backgrounds.
He also denied his organisation needed a membership shake-up like the one the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) chiefs embarked upon after no non-white actors were nominated at the 2016 Oscars.
“Well, they may have had a problem,” he explained. “We don't have that kind of issue in that same fashion.”
It's time for government to coin reservations based on income instead of community
By DANFES
It's about reservations in government jobs and educational institutions. Communities based on religion or geography has always successfully used show-off strength as a tool to break the will of governments and achieve these. They go to any extent, from holding cities to ransom to destroying public assets, to see that their goals are achieved. The community label-holders have emerged even stronger after 70 years of independence — driving divisions within because there is no common foreign enemy now. Thus, we keep seeing recurring events where communities fight for their cause. There is no concept of interest of the whole nation, only communities. Jats did it in February, 2016, Dalit Mulsims have done it in 2010; as have the Patels of Gujarat, the Kammas of Andhra Pradesh and the Marathas of Maharashtra.
The Maratha Kranti Morcha last fortnight brought Mumbai to a standstill. Over three lakh Marathas thronged South Mumbai, showed their strength, and brought the Devendra Fadnavis government to its knees to concur with their demands, mainly on the issue of reservation for jobs and education.
Some of us might remember a strange demand from another community — a religion-based one. It was made by All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen's president Asaduddin Owaisi in January this year, ahead of the BMC budget. Owaisi urged BMC to allocate budget resources to Muslims in the corporation, in proportion to their strength. Muslims represent about 21 percent of the population in the wards of BMC. Hence, logically, Rs 7,770 crore should go to the welfare of the community, Owaisi said. Going by that logic, the BMC needed to have a Christian budget, Buddhist budget and Sikh budget as well.
At that time, Aashish Shelar, president of the Mumbai unit of BJP, countered Owaisi's demand as a communal one and even demanded a probe. “BJP wants the speech to be probed. We are against any division of budget on communal lines. In fact, we are also against any divide on communal lines. We condemn the communal and objectionable statement by Owaisi. We have filed a complaint with the EC and want them to take action,” Shelar had said. Owaisi's demands were ignored eventually, on the basis that community-based favours is a dangerous idea.
Now cut to the present scenario.
Isn't it ironic that some seven months after this, the BJP government in the state has to succumb to the demand from another community — the Marathas?
The only difference here is that this time, it isn't a religion-based community and no election/budget season is on. But the underlying theme remains the same — sops to a community to appease them, not based on merit or any other universal criteria.
The moment Fadnavis nearly agreed to the demand of Maratha leaders by asking the backward commission to look into the reservation issue in a time-bound manner, it was only a matter of time that a similar demand came from other communities as well. A section of MLAs, which included Samajwadi Party MLA Abu Azmi and AIMIM MLA Waris Pathan, sought an answer from the Fadnavis government for ignoring legislations on providing reservations to Muslims. Azmi also said that the country would never make any progress unless Muslim interests are taken care of by the government. Muslims won't be the last. Similar demands for community-based sops can come from others too in the coming days.
Fadnavis couldn't have done much. Marathas constitute more than a third of the Maharashtra population and are a precious vote bank. The protests have been on for a long time. No chief minister, unless he is on course for political suicide, can afford to ignore such pressure groups. This is the second time that Fadnavis is capitulating to pressure groups. A few weeks ago, he did so by agreeing to the farm loan waiver costing the exchequer Rs 40,000 crore after speaking vehemently against the ills of it initially.
INCOME BASED RESERVATIONS
It is time the country looked past community-based reservations and at least moved to income-based reservations in education and government jobs.
Jobs and education opportunities must be given to the economically weak, not based on their caste or religion.
There is no end to community-based reservations; this will be a recurring demand and no government can be partial to a particular community. The transition wouldn't be easy for India. But, at least an effort should be made to change, as French economist Thomas Piketty, who wrote Capital in the 21st Century, said in this December, 2015 interview to The Indian Express: “I am not saying caste-based reservation system should be replaced right away by an income-based reservation system but you know I think this could be one possible evolution in the long run.”
After 70 years of independence, there is merit in thinking beyond caste-based reservations to income-based, merit-based reservations. Such a system will benefit all, including the economically and socially backward communities of the country. But that change requires political will and consensus among caste/communities.
If the political will is absent, be sure we have not heard the last of kind of morchas that Mumbai witnessed last fortnight.
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), headquartered in Paris, will open a central office in Istanbul that can develop policies on all issues.
According to information obtained from Economy Ministry sources, talks for the establishment of an Istanbul center for the organization have led to a memorandum of understanding, which will be signed tomorrow in Paris by Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci and OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurria.
The OECD Istanbul center is expected to serve for five years in the first stage; however, this period can be extended with the mutual agreement of the parties.
Targeting Balkan and Middle Eastern countries with close historical and cultural ties to Turkey as well as North Africa, the center will operate with a direct line to the OECD headquarters in Paris.
Within the framework of the OECD Istanbul center's activities, the focus will be on areas such as competitiveness, entrepreneurship, trade, public governance, innovation, mobilization of human capital, development of connectivity and infrastructure, increasing economic resistance and green growth.
The center aims to create a dialogue environment among the stakeholders and to develop policies in these areas. In addition, the center will facilitate transfer of methods, such as the peer assessments of OECD tools and the sharing of best practices, to Turkey. It will be able to develop policies in all matters as in Paris, as opposed to the offices in Italy and Hungary with narrower scopes.
Meetings, workshops and seminars will be held at the center; high-level events will be hosted, communication between public and private sector will be developed and cooperation will be established with national, regional and international organizations.
Also with the comprehensive policy recommendations resulting from this process, projects conducted by Turkey and its neighboring region toward sustainable and inclusive growth will be supported.
The OECD's regional base will mainly concentrate on Balkans, the Middle East and North Africa. The countries in this geography will also benefit from the outputs of the studies conducted in the center which will develop high-quality policy recommendations for both Turkey and its neighboring region.
Representatives from OECD countries and other countries will be hosted at the center for meetings in Turkey and they will have the opportunity to get to know Turkey more closely. This will open a new page in Turkey's relations with the OECD as a co-founder and it will contribute greatly to the country's visibility in the international arena.
The Bills might have to climb into the top five to get their guy, but in this scenario, Allen falls to them outside of the top 10. The Wyoming standout flashes some Cam Newton-like playmaking skills as an athletic passer with A-plus arm talent. The Bills can use free-agent addition AJ McCarron as a bridge QB.
STRICTLY Come Dancing's Shirley Ballas has spoken out about those feud rumours.
Last year's series of Strictly was marred by rumours of a rift between head judge Shirley Ballas and pro dancer Brendan Cole. Fuel was added to the fire during a heated critique, when Brendan jumped to the defence of his partner, Good Morning Britain's Charlotte Hawkins. Earlier this year, Brendan announced his Strictly exit, admitting that the BBC had decided not to invite him back. Speculation was rife that the decision not to renew Brendan's contract came from the apparent feud. However Shirley, 57, has now admitted there really is nothing going on between her and the now former Strictly pro.
BBC TRUTH: Shirley Ballas says there is no feud between her and Brendan Cole
Flesh-flashing celebs over 50 Celebs shock with their hot over 50 bodies. 1 / 21 Getty/Social Life Magazine Flesh-flashing celebs over 50
ITV GONE: Brendan Cole announced his Strictly exit earlier this year
“ don't have any recollection on a personal level of bridges ever being broken or rebuilt between me and Brendan” Shirley Ballas She told Hello! magazine: "I don't have any recollection on a personal level of bridges ever being broken or rebuilt between me and Brendan. "He is an amazing dancer, an amazing person, whose career I have followed for many, many years and I'm extremely proud of what he's achieved both at work and at home. "One of the things people learn with me is I don't need to pull someone else down to build myself up and I will live and die by that rule." She added that there had never been a confrontation between them and she wished Brendan and his family well for the future.
WENN WELL-WISHER: Shirley said she was very proud of what Brendan had achieved
Sexiest Strictly pros Who are your favourite dancer? 1 / 46 Getty/Instagram
Another person who reckons they know why Brendan got the chop is Piers Morgan. The controversial telly host blames his co-star Charlotte for Brendan's axe and he mentions it regularly. The Strictly duo only managed to make it to week four, which meant Brendan left the show on a bit of a low.
BBC LAST CHANCE: Brendan Cole and his latest Strictly partner Charlotte Hawkins left in week four
Strictly's sexiest pictures 2017 As Strictly Come Dancing 2017 returns to our screens after the sad loss of Bruce Forsyth, see this years the hottest pictures. 1 / 87 BBC/Guy Levy Mollie King turns show girl in Strictly Come Dancing 2017
“By-Products of Love” champions three giants of German underground cinema.
All summer long, the Akademie der Künste celebrates the careers and friendship of Elfi Mikesch, Rosa von Praunheim and Werner Schroeter, three iconic directors of German underground queer film. Through an exhibition, screenings and events featuring big-name guests, “By-Products of Love” offers a comprehensive primer in the work of these postwar children of West Germany – work that offers radical perspectives on life, death, sexuality, gender and art.
Hailed for his brash political films, flamboyant style and outspokenness, Rosa von Praunheim is the best-known of the three. On June 3, you can catch him in conversation with protégés Julia von Heinz, Axel Ranisch, Robert Thalheim and Tom Tykwer.
Elfi Mikesch, winner of the 2014 Berlinale Teddy lifetime achievement award, will be present for a talk hosted by author Claudia Lenssen on June 16. The bond between the trio is perhaps best exemplified by Mikesch's excellent Mondo Lux: Die Bildwelten des Werner Schroeter (screening June 26), which features one-time lovers Schroeter and Praunheim in front of the camera.
And don't miss Schroeter's 1980 masterpiece Palermo oder Wolfsburg (June 19), featuring a mesmerising turn in a "straighter" role by Schroeter's long-time muse, the late Magdalena Montezuma.
Through Aug 12, Akademie der Künste, Mitte
INSTAGRAM / AMIR KHAN BABY NUMBER 2: The boxer announced the happy news via Instagram today
Boxer Amir Khan has become a father for the second time after wife Faryal Makhdoom, 26, gave birth to a baby girl today. The 31-year-old British-Pakistani star announced the happy news on the official Amir Khan Instagram page today, revealing that the couple have named their newborn Alayna Khan. He captioned the adorbale picture: "Welcome to the world. With my and Faryal Makhdoom's new born, Weighing 8lbs 3oz ALAYNA KHAN."
Faryal Makhdoom: Amir Khan's knockout wife Boxer Amir Khan's wife Faryal shows off her glamorous life 1 / 20 faryalmakhdoom Amir's wife Faryal has amassed an impressive 838k Instagram followers
Naturally fans of the former I'm A Celeb contestant were quick to congratualte him on the arrival of his newborn. One wrote: "Big congratulations to you and the family!" A second said: "Omg she's beautiful, it's a girl!" A third added: "Congratulations!! If only she'd had it yesterday, she would have received a coin from Kensington Palace!"
INSTAGRAM / AMIR KHAN HAPPY COUPLE: The pair seem to be going from strength to strength after a turbulent year
The jouyous news comes after the couple's turbulant year, in which they were involved in a very public spat over Twitter. In February of this year, Makhdoom spoke to Piers Morgan about her very public fall-out with her husband, which began on Twitter and ended when Amir sensatiomally claimed that his wife had slept with fellow boxer, Anthony Joshua. She denied having had any sexual relationship with Joshua. Speaking to Piers Morgan about their troubles earlier this year, she said: "I have forgiven him. "We have both made mistakes.
Karwai Tang/WireImage CONGRATULATIONS! The duo were inundated with congratulatory messages after their announcement
Jan Kruger/Getty Images CHAMPION! The former boxer beat Phil Lo Greco at the Echo Arena in Liverpool last Saturday.
PARIS (AP) — The Latest from the French Open (all times local):
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favorite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
“He was attacking every shot,” Nishikori said. “He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play him and also a difficult match today.”
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket, too — before eventually collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled his best showing at Roland Garros; he also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something he never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost his eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning her first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
“At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too,” said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. “I fought hard, all my body was shaking.”
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open “lucky loser” has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometer) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
This year's UN General Assembly opens in New York City on Sept. 12. Eyes are now on President Tsai Ing-wen's (蔡英文) administration, which must decide whether it will refrain from pursuing UN membership for the nation, as it did last year.
While the government has yet to announce any UN plan, some people are urging Tsai to maintain a low profile to avoid acting “provocatively toward Beijing,” given that the Chinese Communist Party is to hold a national congress this fall and the uncertainty over US President Donald Trump's Taiwan policy.
People who make such suggestions are basically tying Taiwan's UN bid to cross-strait relations, thereby limiting Taiwan's international space by turning diplomatic activities into bargaining chips for cross-strait developments and allowing the China factor to determine the efforts to gain a bigger international presence.
The Republic of China's (ROC) efforts to return to the UN began in 1993, under then-president Lee Teng-hui (李登輝). The primary motivation for Lee's push was to highlight that the ROC is a sovereign nation, that it deserved a seat in the world body and that it did not deny the existence of the People's Republic of China (PRC) nor its seat in the UN.
In 2007, under then-president Chen Shui-bian (陳水扁) of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), the government took a more active approach. In addition to asking allies to submit Taiwan's UN membership application and call on other members to deal fairly with the nation's right to representation at the world body, the Chen administration sought membership under the name “Taiwan” instead of the ROC and Chen personally wrote letters to the UN Secretariat.
After President Ma Ying-jeou (馬英九) of the Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) took office in 2008, his administration stopped seeking UN membership, instead turning to what he termed a “pragmatic approach” that sought only “meaningful participation in UN-affiliated agencies.”
When the DPP's Tsai came to power last year, her administration followed Ma's approach, and did not seek membership.
While some critics praised Tsai's “careful manner,” they ignored that this “non-provocative” approach in no way reduced China's hostility nor its suppression of Taiwan's participation in global organizations.
When Panama switched its recognition from Taipei to Beijing in June, Tsai said that “under such circumstances, we will re-evaluate the cross-strait situation and we will be firmer against pressure [from Beijing].”
Premier Lin Chuan (林全) had previously said that “If our participation in international organizations depends on China's ‘charity,' [it] is an illusion.”
Hopefully, Tsai and her officials will follow their words with concrete action. Next month's UN General Assembly provides a prime opportunity for them to prove that they meant what they said about boosting Taiwan's global presence despite China's obstructionism.
UN Resolution 2758, adopted in 1971, resolved the issue of representation of China by replacing the ROC with the PRC as the sole representative of China in the world body. However, it did not deal with the question of who represents Taiwanese nor state that Taiwan is part of the PRC.
As such, Taiwan should not suspend its efforts to seek its rightful place in the UN and improve its international status just to avoid irritating China.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
REUTERS: Liverpool must not dwell on their woeful start to 2017 but instead use it as motivation to turn their faltering season around, forward Sadio Mane has said.
The Merseyside club's Premier League victory over Tottenham Hotspur on Saturday not only marked their first league win of the year but was also just their second victory in 11 games.
"It's too early to speak about what's going to happen but the confidence is back in this team now," Mane told British media. "We have a team with great qualities. What happened has happened."
Liverpool's title bid has collapsed in recent weeks as their poor form has dropped them to fifth, 11 points behind Chelsea after 25 games.
"We can't change that but the motivation is there to keep improving and get whatever we can from the rest of the season. This kind of moments can happen in a season," added Mane.
"We had three or four difficult weeks but we are out of that now. We have to take it game by game and try to win every game between now and the end of the season.
"We have time to rest and time to train so we need to use that."
Liverpool, who will have a five-day training camp in Spain, travel to 17th-placed Leicester City on Feb. 27.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
Humble Bundle is not all about giving away top games and entertainment for a fraction of the real cost. Just recently, the group announced Freedom Bundle to show support of liberty with the IRC, MSF, and ACLU. This is a show of solidarity of taking a stand for freedom where bundle benefits will go to the three causes mentioned a while ago.
The Doctors Without Borders/ Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF), the International Rescue Committee, and the ACLU will be special beneficiaries of the sale. The games included in the bundle are worth about $600 but you can avail of them for only $30. All sales will be given to the mentioned organizations.
The Humble Bundle team chose these three as gratitude for them as they continue to do work in human rights, civil rights, humanitarian assistance to displaced people and refugees, and in defense of justice.
Humble Bundle has released this offer only a few hours ago but they have already raised one million dollars. The amount of $300,000 in contributions have already been matched by the group. As of this writing, over 74,000 bundles were sold.
Here is a complete list of the games and books that can be included in the Freedom Bundle:
• 2064: Read Only Memories
• 7 Grand Steps: What Ancients Begat
• A Little Gold Book of Ghastly Stuff-Out of print
• A Virus Named TOM
• AI War: Fleet Command
• Any Empire
• Day of the Tentacle Remastered
• Ellipsis
• Girls Like Robots
• Guacamelee! Super Turbo Championship Edition
• Hot Tin Roof: The Cat That Wore A Fedora
• Human Resource Machine
• Information Doesn't Want To Be Free
• Invisible, Inc.
• Mini Metro
• Monster Loves You!
• Mushroom 11
• Ninja Pizza Girl
• No Time to Explain Remastered
• Nuclear Throne
• Octodad: Dadliest Catch
• Overgrowth (Early Access)
• R in a Nutshell, 2nd Edition
• Retro Game Crunch
• Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball
• ROCKETSROCKETSROCKETS
• Secrets of Rætikon
• Song of the Deep
• Spirits
• Sproggiwood
• Stardew Valley
• Streamline (Early Access)
• Subnautica (Early Access)
• Super Hexagon
• Super Meat Boy
• Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP
• The Boys Vol. 1: The Name of the Game Issues #1-6
• The Smart Girl's Guide to Privacy: Practical Tips for Staying Safe Online
• The Stanley Parable
• The Swapper
• The Witness
• Thirty Flights of Loving
• Tower of Guns
• VVVVVV
• Waking Mars
• Walkaway: Chapter One Preview
• World of Goo
SOURCE: Humble Bundle
Local swimmers perform well at district championships
26 members of the Skaneateles Lightning YMCA Swim Team place in the top three in their respective events at the 2017 YMCA Central NY District Championships, February 4-5, 2017.
Hamilton, NY, Feb 4-5, 2017: Skaneateles Lightning traveled this weekend to a two day meet at Colgate University to compete in the YMCA Central NY District Championships. This meet featured eight teams from Central NY.
Eight-year-old Ella Virginia placed first in the 25 yard Backstroke and second and the 25 yard Butterfly. Teammate Mia Johnson placed third in the 25 yard Freestyle. Both swimmers were members of the first place District Championship 100 yard Freestyle Relay with teammates Julia Williams and Landyn Bennett.
In the boys 8 & under division, Houston Bynum placed third in the 25 yard Freestyle and Tritan Boucher placed third in the 25 yard Backstroke. Tritan and Houston placed second in the 100 yard Freestyle relay with teammates Cal Johnson and Luke Olmstead.
The 9-10-year-old boys division was represented by Jonah Williams who was the District Champion in both the 100 yard Medley and the 50 yard Breaststroke. Jonah also took third place in the 50 yard Freestyle.
The 11–12-year-old girls won the 2017 District Dual Meet and District Championship titles. Hana Spaulding won the 50 yard Freestyle, breaking a 30 year-old district record in the process. Hana also took first in the 200 yard Freestyle and 100 yard Freestyle. Morgan Kingsley was awarded first place in both the 200 yard Individual Medley and 50 yard Breaststroke and third in the 50 yard Backstroke. Alice Spaulding finished second place in the 200 yard Individual Medley and Chloe Hanson placed third in the 50 yard Breaststroke. Morgan, Chloe, Hana and Alice won the District Champion title in the 200 yard Medley Relay.
In the boy's 11–12-year-old division, Justin Nowicki won the 200 yard Medley, placed second in the 100 yard Freestyle, and took third in the 50 yard Butterfly. Justin was joined by teammates Zach Drotar, Fin Foody, and Quincy Moore in winning the 200 yard Freestyle Relay.
Representing the 13–14-year-olds, AJ Teixeira earned three gold medals in the boys 200 yard Medley, 100 yard Freestyle and 100 yard Breaststroke. Teammate Sam Olmsted placed third in the boys 100 yard Backstroke and Lily Buchholz placed second in the girls 100 yard Freestyle and third in the 100 yard Backstroke.
Lastly, in the 15 & over division, Noelle Staso placed second in the girls 100 yard Butterfly and 100 yard Breaststroke, and teammate Terry Omans placed third in the boys 100 yard Backstroke.
Share this: Facebook
Email
LinkedIn
Reddit
Twitter
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Comment on this Story
Getty Images
The 49ers will become the second NFL team with a woman as a full-time member of their coaching staff.
The team hired Katie Sowers as a coaching fellow for training camp this year and Sowers announced on her Facebook page that the team has extended her an offer to remain on the staff through the 2017 season. Sowers was a scouting intern for the Falcons last year when 49ers head coach Kyle Shanahan was the offensive coordinator in Atlanta.
“I wanted to share with my friends and family that I have accepted a season long coaching position with the San Francisco 49ers,” Sowers wrote. “Many people ask how I made it to where I am, on such an untraditional route and it's easy to say “you have to believe in yourself and dreams will come true” but that's only part of it, and in my opinion that's only the second part. It's important for all to know that dreams are achieved by first finding someone who sees your worth and value, regardless of your gender, and takes the necessary steps to clear a path, even on the path less traveled.”
Sowers said former Chiefs General Manager and current Falcons exec Scott Pioli was the person who saw her worth and value and that “the best way that I can repay you is by continuing to open the door for others and I will do my best to continue what you have started and what you continue to do.”
The Bills had the first female full-time assistant in the league last year when Kathryn Smith was hired as their special teams quality control coach. Smith was dismissed after Rex Ryan was fired. It's not clear what role Sowers will fill for the 49ers.
Lawmakers on Monday put on spot different officials from the judiciary over cases of injustice that continue to come up in the judicial sector. Different …
Rwead more
Reuters, SYDNEY
An Australian court on Friday dismissed a suit accusing Crown Resorts Ltd, the biggest listed casino operator outside China, and slot machine maker Aristocrat Leisure Ltd of giving gamblers misleading information on the chances of winning.
The ruling, on grounds of lack of specific evidence, is a small, but high-visibility win for Crown, controlled by Australian billionaire James Packer, which has battled unproven claims of poker machine fixing and encouraging problem gambling at its flagship Melbourne casino.
Australian regulators have said they would investigate the claims, which Crown denies.
An Australian Federal Court judge said that Shonica Guy, who described herself as a former gambling addict, had raised important questions about how casinos treat problem gamblers, but failed to prove the defendants' misleading or unconscionable conduct.
“My findings ... do not diminish the tragedies involved in the accounts given by Ms Guy and the other lay witnesses,” Justice Debra Mortimer wrote. “However ... most of this evidence was not specific enough to contribute to proving the allegations made.”
A spokeswoman for Crown had no immediate comment.
Guy was “grateful for the opportunity to have had my day in court on behalf of all Australians who have been hurt by the pokies,” she said in a statement issued by her law firm.
Law firm Maurice Blackburn said it was “proud that our case has been able to play a role in the conversation we must continue to have” about problem gambling, but did not say whether it would renew action in the courts.
Crown is especially reliant on keeping a positive reputation in Australia since more than a dozen of its staff were jailed in China for selling gambling holidays there, prompting it to quit all offshore interests and focus on its home market.
Guy did not seek damages, but instead wanted court-ordered declarations that Crown and Aristocrat engaged in misleading conduct and a ban on a certain slot machine in its current configuration.
The filing said a slot machine called Dolphin Treasure at Crown's Melbourne casino suggested its five “reels” had the same number of characters, but one column had substantially more, lowering a gambler's chance of a win.
However, a reasonable gambler would get a realistic idea of the chances of winning “as soon as she or he actually starts gambling and the randomness of the operation of the machine and the returns become apparent,” Mortimer wrote.
While Guy's evidence was credible, she added that “the absence of specific evidence from individuals claiming to have been exploited or victimized during gambling sessions at Crown Casino because of the identified features of the Dolphin Treasure [machine] substantially affected the strength of the applicant's case.”
In a statement, Aristocrat said it welcomed the decision and would continue backing “balanced and fact-based harm minimization initiatives.”
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — In what coach Bruce Arians called “great news,” Arizona Cardinals running back David Johnson's knee injury is not serious and will not require surgery.
An MRI showed Johnson has a left MCL sprain that would require six to eight weeks of rest and rehabilitation.
Johnson, speaking to reporters on Monday, said he knew a few moments after the injury that it wasn't serious because of the amount of weight he could put on the leg and his ability to move around.
The injury ended his NFL record string of at least 100 yards from scrimmage in each of the first 15 games of a season. He also fell short in his bid to be the third player to have 1,000 yards rushing and 1,000 yards receiving in the same season. Johnson ended up with 1,239 yards rushing and 879 receiving.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
REUTERS: The third one-day international between West Indies and Afghanistan was washed out by persistent rain in Saint Lucia on Wednesday, denying the tourists a potential series victory and the hosts key rankings points.
Afghanistan won the opening the match of the series by 63 runs on the back of a stunning haul of seven for 18 from 18-year-old leg-spinner Rashid Khan, the fourth best bowling figures of all time in the 50-over format.
West Indies, desperate for wins to move up from ninth to eighth spot in the world rankings to avoid having to qualify for the 2019 World Cup, hit back to take a four-wicket victory in the second match.
After a two-hour delay on Wednesday, Afghanistan won the toss for the decisive third match and elected to bat but the rain returned before a single delivery could be bowled. The series was drawn 1-1.
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney in Sydney, editing by Ian Ransom)
Advertisement
STUTTGART, Germany: Roger Federer suffered a shock defeat to 39-year-old Tommy Haas at the Stuttgart grass court tournament on Wednesday (Jun 14) in the Swiss great's first match after almost three months out of action.
Haas, a former world number two but now down at 302, won 2-6, 7-6 (10/8), 6-4 for just his fourth victory in 17 meetings against his close friend.
Federer, building up for an assault on an eighth Wimbledon title, hadn't played since March and skipped the entire clay court season.
It was just the second defeat of 2017 for 35-year-old Federer, who claimed the Australian Open for his 18th major in January,
"It's always special to play a close friend like Roger on grass, always lots of emotion," said Haas. "I saved a match point in the second set so was able to play more freely after that. I even shocked myself."
Advertisement
When you are the person that has to say this person lives or this person dies, you're the last stroke of the pen that determines life. It is a daunting and oppressive and awful — absolutely awful — responsibility. So any governor that has to go through that I'm sure feels the same way.
How did we get here. A combination of things. Even though I set eight death warrants or execution dates, all were stayed by the courts for various reasons. We'd been following that since about 2005. In all eight of those cases where I had to set a death warrant — to satisfy myself, I read the entire transcript of every trial of those eight to satisfy myself. And in all eight, I came away more convinced than ever of, number one, the fairness of the trial based upon the paper and on the guilt of the inmate based upon the total transcripts. But it didn't lighten the burden any.
I'm not going to talk about whether he and I have talked about that. Any conversations he and I may have had about any of this would be private, as I'm sure you would understand. I hope the people would understand that. And I would honor any confidentiality in that regard. But knowing Asa Hutchinson — and knowing how virtually every governor I have ever known, and certainly from my own experience, knowing how they would feel — it's got to be a very tough time. A very emotionally draining tough time for a governor. When you compress it as this is compressed, I can't imagine how difficult that would be.
THV11's Craig O'Neill tracked down formerto get his take on the Hutchinson administration's aggressive effort to execute eight men on death row, men who were also on death row during Beebe's tenure as governor (Beebe himself also set death warrants for all eight, but they were stayed by the courts).Here's Beebe:Beebe was asked whether he has spoken with Governor Hutchinson about the cases.
By Sean Lin and Ann Maxon / Staff reporters
Newly inaugurated Minister of Education Wu Maw-kuen (吳茂昆) must disprove an allegation that he breached regulations by founding a company in the US to apply for biotech patents while serving as National Dong Hwa University's president in an attempt to profit from the school's intellectual property, the Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) caucus said yesterday.
During a meeting of the Legislative Yuan's Education and Culture Committee on Monday, Wu sought to disavow his alleged involvement in Spiranthes Biotech, which he allegedly established in August 2015, when he was president of the university, KMT Legislator Ko Chih-en (柯志恩) told a news conference in Taipei.
Wu denied founding the company and presented information from the California state government's Web site on registered businesses, which listed James Ouyang (歐陽彥堂) as the firm's owner, Ko said.
However, Wu only disclosed half of the information from the Web site, she said.
Data from the Web site, which she paid US$27 to see, showed that Wu's name appeared on a list of the firm's “managers or members” as a manager and agent for the company, Ko said.
She accused Wu of applying for a technology patent in China in September 2015 using the company's name without informing the university.
“As students wanted to obtain patents in China and to reduce patent application fees, James Ouyang proposed applying for a Patent Cooperation Treaty patent in the US, which would automatically grant applicants patent rights in Japan, China and the EU,” Wu said in a statement.
“However, as Taiwan is not a member of international organizations, Taiwanese must apply through China, which is something I could not accept. That is why we decided to found a company in the US, the sole purpose of which is to apply for patents,” he said, adding that he planned to give the patent rights to the university after obtaining them.
Wu has applied for five patents in four nations in the company's name, and in all of the applications he specified that the university should have the priority claim for any patent awarded, Taipei city councilor aspirant Yu Shu-hui (游淑惠) of the KMT said.
However, Wu did not obtain the university's approval before applying for the patents, nor did he sign a contract or agreement with the school to warrant a subsequent transfer of intellectual property rights, which could have easily been arranged, as he was president and allegedly one of the company's managers at the time, Yu said.
University secretary-general Ku Chih-hsiung (古智雄) said school staff were unaware of the US company or its attempts to apply for patents in China until they saw it on the news.
The university still owns the rights to the technology, he said.
Prosecutors and investigators should inquire into the firm's background to determine whether it was founded to help the university obtain patents or to steal its intellectual property, he said.
If Wu cannot prove that he is not a manager or agent of Spiranthes Biotech, he would be in breach of the Civil Servant Work Act (公務員服務法), which prohibits civil servants from engaging in most commercial activities, KMT Legislator Alicia Wang (王育敏) said.
Control Yuan member Kao Feng-hsien (高鳳仙) yesterday said she would investigate the matter to clarify if Wu has breached that act or the Act on the Recusal of Public Servants Due to Conflict of Interest (公職人員利益衝突迴避法).
Getty Images
The Jaguars may start the season down a wide receiver.
Ian Rapoport of NFL Network reports that Jaguars receiver Marqise Lee suffered a high-ankle sprain and may not be ready for Week One.
That's worse news than the Jaguars were initially hoping for: The early indications were that he wouldn't miss much time after hurting his right ankle in Sunday's practice.
Lee had a career-high 63 catches for 851 yards and three touchdowns last season, and the Jaguars thought that with Lee joining Allen Robinson, Allen Hurns, Rashad Greene and rookie Dede Westbrook, they had a strong group of receivers. Now they'll need that depth.
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Curo Group Holdings Corp:
* ANNOUNCES FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2017 FINANCIAL RESULTS AND ISSUES 2018 EARNINGS OUTLOOK
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.48
* Q4 GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.16
* Q4 REVENUE ROSE 22 PERCENT TO $267 MILLION
* SEES FY 2018 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $2.25 TO $2.40
* SEES FY 2018 REVENUE $1.025 BILLION TO $1.08 BILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
With the start of school right around the corner, a Tulsa woman wants people to stop speeding in her neighborhood.
She put a sign in her yard that says "Drive Like Your Kids Live Here" in the Hoover midtown neighborhood. She also shared a photo on Facebook.
She said the sign had been posted for less than and hour, and drivers were already slowing down. The signs are part of the Promoting Child Safety in our Neighborhoods campaign.
Classes start at Tulsa Public Schools August 21. You can purchase the signs online.
Getty Images
John Harbaugh is right about one thing: If Joe Flacco had completed one of his two passes on the second-to-last drive in Sunday night's loss to the Steelers, Monday morning quarterbacks would laud the team's aggressiveness. But it didn't work, and the Ravens left the Steelers too much time, making it easy to second-guess the play-calling.
“We could run it. We could pass it,” Harbaugh said Monday, via Jamison Hensley of ESPN. “You do whatever you can to try to get yards. If it works, it's a good call. If it doesn't work, it's not a good call.”
The Ravens held a 38-36 lead with 3:29 remaining when they took over at their own 25. But the Steelers had all three timeouts.
Flacco threw incomplete on first down, burning only four seconds. Alex Collins gained 7 yards on second down on the Ravens' final running play of the night, and Flacco threw incomplete on third-and-three.
The Ravens used up only 1:04, and the Steelers retained all three timeouts. Pittsburgh, of course, went on to kick the game-winning field goal with 42 seconds left.
Since Baltimore ran for 152 yards, including 120 by Collins, the Ravens likely asked themselves the same question Ravens fans asked Monday: What if?
SANTIAGO/ANTOFAGASTA: Workers at the world's largest copper mine in Chile are digging in for a long strike, emboldened by new labour laws that are likely to result in tough wage negotiations in the industry in 2017 in one of Latin America's most free-market economies.
The 2,500-member union at BHP Billiton's Escondida mine has been on strike since Thursday. Labour leaders say they are far from reaching an agreement, and BHP has already said it will not be able to fulfill copper delivery contracts.
The stoppage at Escondida, combined with export issues at Freeport-McMoRan Inc's Grasberg copper mine in Indonesia, the world's second-largest, have sent prices for the metal to 20-month highs amid supply concerns.
Workers at mines representing around 12 percent of global output are due to renegotiate contracts in Chile in 2017, with any stoppage likely to affect volatile copper prices.
Escondida's labour relations have long been fractious, and strikes paralysed the mine in 2011 and 2006, when previous collective labour contracts were renegotiated.
This time, negotiations stalled in part because of a freshly minted labour code that aims to return power lost by unions decades ago, people with knowledge of the talks told Reuters.
The law does not take effect until April, but its provisions and language have influenced the union's negotiating position.
Last year, the centre-left government of President Michelle Bachelet passed the sweeping, complex reform to strengthen the hand of organised labour, which government supporters say never recovered from suppression under the 1973-1990 dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet.
Union sources say workers broke off wage talks with Escondida in part because they believed the company was using underhanded tactics to dilute the impact of that reform.
BHP declined to comment on ongoing negotiations.
But one legal source with knowledge of BHP's negotiating strategy said the reform had effectively narrowed the pay and benefit proposals the company could successfully take to the union.
The situation at Escondida bodes ill for other mining companies ahead of wage talks expected elsewhere in Chile this year. Anglo American Plc and Glencore Plc's Collahuasi mine and Barrick Gold Corp and Antofogasta Plc's Zaldivar mine are among those on that list.
Those two mines account for about a half-million tonnes per year of copper output and more than 2 percent of global supply.
Labour leaders at both deposits said they had good relationships with management. They added, however, they would use the powers granted them in the reform in the coming negotiations.
"It brings some rather powerful tools to the workers' movement," said Raul Torres, president of Zaldivar's main union.
An Antofagasta spokeswoman said the company was already working with unions to define what activities a company can perform during a legal strike under the reform. Collahuasi did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Escondida, majority-controlled by BHP with minority participations by Rio Tinto and Japanese companies including Mitsubishi Corp, produced about 5 percent of the world's copper alone last year.
LEGAL COMPLEXITIES
At Escondida, a principal point of contention between the company and workers is a proposal by BHP to offer new workers fewer benefits than those awarded to labourers already at the mine, the union said. The union says this is a BHP ploy to undermine a provision in the new labour code.
Under that provision, known as the minimum-floor rule, a company will not be permitted during wage talks to offer workers benefits weaker than those afforded in the previous contract.
If junior workers have fewer benefits than their colleagues, that could lower the negotiating floor for the next round of wage talks, years down the road, union leaders say.
"It's very probable that the company intends to lower benefits (for new workers) so that the next negotiation starts with what that established," union spokesman Carlos Allendes said.
"(For us) that's the last straw, the last thrashes of a drowning man."
Other aspects of the law, such as provisions that give unions greater powers over non-unionised workers, were also affecting negotiations, the legal source said, and workers were adopting the language of the new rules.
"The words that were put into the labour reform have become the words of the union," added the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the talks.
Workers have also said that if the strike stretches into April, when the reform goes into effect, they would need to examine what additional demands to make, if any.
However, under Chilean law, the negotiation would largely continue under the old regulations, so the concrete benefits of holding out until the reform takes effect would be limited, lawyers say.
The labour reform passed Congress last April after a bruising battle that opened up divisions within the governing coalition. But a constitutional court struck down several sections of the legislation, leaving lawyers uncertain about how much of the reform can be implemented.
A government representative was not immediately available to comment for this story, but proponents of the law say more workers' protections are needed to battle Chile's biting inequality.
Industry analysts are watching negotiations at Escondida and elsewhere for a sense of how the reform will play out throughout Chile's economy.
"In some respects, this strike is a kind of transition between the old system and the new," said Juan Carlos Guajardo, president of Chilean copper consultancy Plusmining.
Click http://tmsnrt.rs/2koJDjw for graphic on Chile's copper unions.
(Writing by Gram Slattery and Rosalba O'Brien; Editing by Simon Webb and Matthew Lewis)
When you're building a relationship with your partner, especially if it's one that will (or, at least, you hope) last long-term, you're going to have to be vulnerable, at least sometimes. And one of the ways that you can be vulnerable and put yourself out there is to do things that are maybe a little bit — or a lot — embarrassing. Though you might not think that would help your relationship at all, doing these 10 embarrassing things together is proven to make couples fall more in love, because vulnerability and embarrassment can actually help build intimacy.
"When you put yourself in a position where you're going to be a little bit vulnerable, you also get to see how the other person handles that," Bianca L. Rodriguez, M.A., Ed.M., L.M.F.T, tells Romper. "And that is a reflection of how they handle their own vulnerability and that is the number one ingredient for emotional intimacy. It's really about being willing to expose maybe the not-so-perfect and put-together parts of yourself because what's embarrassing for one person may not be embarrassing for another person." In addition to being willing to be vulnerable, Rodriguez suggests that you be straightforward and honest that you're nervous, embarrassed, or otherwise "freaking out." Otherwise, your partner will wonder why you're acting strangely.
It's also important to do these things even if you've been together for a while. "Intimacy [is] an important and integral aspect of the marital relationship, as its development and maintenance is dependent upon continued connection between spouses," Dr. Saudia L. Twine, Ph.D., NCC, LLPC, LLMFT, a marriage and family therapist tells Romper in an email exchange. "So couples must continue to court each other (i.e. doing the things that you did in the beginning which made you fall in love in the first place)."
Safe, mutual embarrassment and vulnerability can make the bond between the two of you grow stronger, and make the two of you fall more in love.
1 Make Grocery Shopping More Fun Giphy Lara McElderry, the host of Married to Doctors, a podcast, says that she and her husband, who's training to be a trauma surgeon, like to make their grocery shopping trips more fun. The two try their best to make it the entire trip without speaking to each other in English, their shared language, instead relying on body language, the few foreign languages one or the other knows, and even made up "languages" like pig Latin to get everything on their list. McElderry says that having fun together, even when they're embarrassing themselves in public, helps ease the stress related to jobs and co-parenting five kids. "[L]aughter and choosing to enjoy something that simple is like the refresh button on your internet browser," she says. "You're just like, 'OK, I can reboot, I can do this again.'"
2 Karaoke Together Giphy Singing in front of other people, especially if you're not a great singer, is another thing that you can do to strengthen the bond you have with your partner. "Song and our connection through music is as old as humankind itself," Dr. James V. Córdova, Ph.D., a psychology professor and the chair of the psychology department at Clark University, tells Romper by email. "So, even if it's just a few lines from your favorite love song, take your partner in your arms. And sing." Plus, singing in front of strangers, at a karaoke bar, can be especially cringe-inducing — in a good way. "Nothing bonds people like getting up in front of strangers and singing (erm, screeching?) your favorite cheesy love song," Stephanie Churma, relationship coach and founder of The Good Love Company, tells Romper by email. Pick your favorite song and shake off the nerves.
3 Naked Yoga Giphy Not all couples will be ready for an activity like naked yoga, but nakedness can make a lot of new-to-you things a little bit more embarrassing. "Yes, this date night is not for the faint of heart, but when you do things out of your comfort zone, together, it becomes a bonded memory and a hilarious story guaranteed to raise a few eyebrows," Churma says. If yoga isn't right for you, mixing things up in the bedroom or even showering together can do the trick, as Rhonda Milrad, L.C.S.W., the founder of online relationship community, Relationup, and a relationship therapist, tells Romper by email. Nakedness automatically makes you vulnerable and can bring you closer together if done in a way that you both still feel safe (that's the most important thing).
4 Showing Embarrassing Pictures To Each Other Giphy "Of course you look cute as a toddler, but everyone goes through nasty phases in their looks, especially during preteen and teenage years," Milrad says. "It is very bonding (and hysterical) to share all your photos of your awkward phases and your poor hairstyle or clothing choices." You weren't always as put together as you try to appear now. Everyone had awkward phases and showing your partner pictures of that is (relatively) low-risk.
5 Role-Play In Public Giphy If you're looking for something subtle, but still a bit out of the ordinary, you can also try role playing in public. "It can be embarrassing and so fun," Rori Sassoon, a matchmaker and the CEO of Platinum Poire, tells Romper via email. "It will bring some mystery and playfulness to your relationship and also bring you closer."
6 Show Your Curiosity Giphy "Curiosity helps to create intimacy and in turn, it helps us even see ourselves more clearly in our relationship," Deborah J. Cohan, Ph.D., an associate professor of sociology at the University of South Carolina-Beaufort, tells Romper in an email exchange. "It can help clarify our needs and priorities. This might involve asking your partner more probing and intimate questions, not in a digging, nagging, or aggressive way, but in a way that holds the person in a tender place to be heard and then in turn prompts the other person to be curious about us." Sometimes the embarrassing thing you do together doesn't have to be as extreme or obviously embarrassing as you might think, it just has to be something that makes you a bit vulnerable and brings you closer together.
7 Murder Mystery Dinner Parties Giphy Sure, this might not be the most obvious embarrassing thing that you can do together to strengthen the bond the two of you have, "What's great is that you can have as much or as little interaction as possible, but the show in itself is a tad over the top and slightly cringeworthy — but that's the fun," Churma says. Bonus: it'll be something you both can giggle about together for years to come.
8 Play Truths Or Dare Or Talk About Your Past Giphy Playing truth or dare to learn more about one another or asking each other about your most embarrassing moments can also help you bond. "Talking about your childhood definitely brings up a lot of embarrassing stuff because sharing about our histories is another way that we build trust and that sort of foundation in a relationship," Rodriguez says. "So you can always just ask." Everyone has embarrassing life moments, so you should both be able to share.
9 New Things Giphy Trying something new, whatever that new thing may be, can definitely be a bit embarrassing, yet bring you both closer together. Rodriguez says that whether it's something that's new to both of you or something that one can teach or coach the other, trying new things is a great way to build intimacy in your relationship. Since people usually aren't great at new things right off the bat, it'll make you feel bonded, but also be something fun and funny that you'll (hopefully) be able to laugh about moving forward.
From Malibu City: The City Council voted unanimously to take steps toward purchasing 29.24 acres of vacant properties for the community's future use in an historic move during the April 23, 2018 Council meeting.
“Undeveloped land anywhere in Malibu is rare and its value cannot be quantified in dollars alone,” said Mayor Rick Mullen. “By acquiring this land we will be making sure that this great treasure, our community's heritage, will benefit the future generations of Malibu.”
The purchase from the Malibu Bay Company, the late Jerry Perenchio's company, includes 9.65 acres located at 23575 Civic Center Way (commonly known as Sycamore Village); 1.11 acres located at Civic Center Way and Webb Way; and purchase of 18.48 acres located at Pacific Coast Highway and Heathercliff Road. The properties are all in commercial zones.
ADVERTISEMENT
The City Council voted to move forward with identifying the source of funds to complete the purchase of the three properties, and directed the City Attorney to negotiate a purchase and sales agreement.
The purpose of the item on the agenda was for the City Council and the public to thoroughly examine the funding proposal and decide whether to go forward with the purchase based on the negotiated price.
Malibu's long history of responsible and conservative fiscal management of public funds has put the City in a good position to take advantage of this unexpected opportunity.
The Malibu Bay Company land purchase adds to the City's ongoing efforts to acquire open space and parkland. In 2006, the City acquired the 17 acre Legacy Park site and in 2016, the City purchased the 35-acre Trancas Field property overlooking Zuma Beach. Some of the property can also be used to address current unmet parking demand.
The City intends to use a combination of Undesignated General Fund Reserves, Designated General Fund Reserves, Los Angeles County Measure R and M funding and Certificates of Participation (COPs) to fund the purchase.
It's fascinating what you pick up when training to be a PT....
You go to the gym a lot and you eat pretty well and you kinda know about your body. Y'no, the biceps and the glutes…but do you REALLY know your body? I thought I did. But then I enrolled on a Personal Trainer course at London's TRAINFITNESS, and quickly realised how naive I was. Here are a few of the things I picked up, which could change the way you eat and train…
1. Sometimes, being still can work your muscles harder
No, not sitting-on-the-sofa kinda still. I'm talking isometric exercise, a type of strength training in which the joint angle and muscle length do not change during contraction. So, when you do a bicep curl and your arm moves up and down? Yeah that's isotonic. Isometric exercises are a great way of placing demand on a muscle, therefore helping it to grow. Think of the plank (ugh) – that's an isometric exercise. Next time you want to shake things up, try a 30 second wall sit. Sit against a wall, sink your bottom down to make a 90-degree angle with your legs and hold. Yes, it will burn but nothing worth having comes easy, right? Or, to give your shoulders a boost, try holding weights out either side of your body, keeping arms at a 90-degree angle to your body.
OMG! MIC's Louise Thompson shows off insane strength as she lifts 100kg boyfriend Ryan Libbey in new workout video!
2. Carbs are NOT a bad thing
C'mon, you don't need reminding, but carbs are good. These low/no carb diets…sorry, what? How? Carbs taste great and our body needs em'. I'm not talking about doughnuts and sweet treats (sadly), but complex/low-glycaemic carbs such as oats, brown rice, wholemeal bread and the one we can't pronounce, quinoa. About to head to the gym for a heavy squat session? EAT.SOME.CARBS. The line that sticks in my head from studying is: ‘The main role of carbohydrates in the body is the production of energy.' Yup, E-N-E-R-G-Y!
Also, the brain is only able to use carbohydrates. So if you've got a busy day in the office that requires plenty of brainpowers, kick the day off with a big bowl of porridge. Nom. You don't want to end up looking like the below…
#skeletor on guard duty ahead of the Anatomy exams, quiet please #anatomy #exams #FitForPurpose #personaltrainer #learning #fitness #health A post shared by TRAIN FITNESS (@trainfitnessint) on Apr 27, 2017 at 2:24am PDT
3. Squats alone WON'T get you a peachy bum
Squat, squat, squat – I was like a woman possessed. But funnily enough, squats actually seem to target the front of your legs a lot more than your bum muscles. So what to do for a pert backside?
Try lunges, ensuring you really push through your front heel as you rise. You can even place a front foot on a slight rise. To really work the glutes (that's bum muscles FYI), put your back leg on a raised platform (ideally the height of your shin) and lunge down, ensuring your front knee doesn't come over your front toes.
Kickbacks are another great one – using ankle weights, get on all fours and slowly lift up one leg. Kick it back, kinda like a donkey, if you will. Repeat this movement 20 times and feel the burn!
Another good'en? Deadlifts. You might not think they're targeting your bottom but if you really squeeze your glutes as you rise, you'll soon feel some burn!
Sorry though – even with all these booty-burning moves, there's no guarantee you'll be called to become a Kim K lookalike anytime soon.
4. You're probably not eating ENOUGH
Shocking, eh? Food is fuel people, and if you're not getting enough fuel, you're going to feel horrendous in the gym. Want to know if your calorie consumption is high enough?
First, suss out your Basal Metabolic Rate (BMR – an individual's basic requirement of energy (Kcals) at rest.) When at rest, the average person will use energy at a rate of 25 calories per kg of body weight. This is fairly rough though and can vary depending on the amount of lean body tissue you possess.
EXCLUSIVE: TOWIE's Billie Faiers reveals the secret to her AMAZING post baby body- and it doesn't involve the gym So, for a person weighing 60kg it would be 25kcals x 60 = 1500 Kcals per day. But factors do affect your BMR so play around with it based on your activity levels… Sedentary lifestyle – if you work in an office and drive or commute to work. No exercise regime. (= normal BMR + 20%) Moderately active lifestyle – for those who walk or cycle to work, have an active occupation and are involved in some sort of exercise outside of work 3 to 4 times per week. (=normal BMR + 50%) Very active lifestyles – Someone who is serious about fitness and exercises at high intensity most days. (=normal BMR + 100%) Therefore, for the same 60kg person with a moderately active lifestyle, their energy needs would be: Normal BMR (1500) + 50% = 1500 + 750 = 2250 kcals per day Now, keep a food diary or use a calorie counting app such as My Fitness Pal, and see how it all compares…
5. Over training is totally a thing
Overly emotional? Constantly hungry? Not sleeping right? Thirsty, ALL THE TIME? Unless you know of another cause for these, you might actually be doing too much at the gym. It's easy to think that a morning workout and an evening workout is fine. And that High Intensity Training 7-days-a-week will get you the body of your dreams. In fact, maybe it will. But, it could come at a cost. I studied the ‘over training' chapter at a time when rest just was not an option for me and I refused to believe it was necessary. But it is. And the side effects of too much exercise just aren't worth it.
Keen to train as a PT? Find out more at https://train.fitness/
The respect between Travis Dermott and Justin Holl is mutual.
There's no telling how long the NHL rookies will be a defence pair for the Maple Leafs, and neither is taking anything for granted.
“Kudos to Hollsy for digging deep and keeping going,” Dermott said, noting Holl's NHL debut this week at the age of 26. “I'm not sure how many people believed in him, but I know he believed in himself and that's all that mattered. He kept checking along and look at him now.”
Dermott had played in eight games with the Leafs before Holl was called up from the Toronto Marlies, and Holl watched as his buddy made a smooth adjustment.
“I knew he was going to do well because I knew he was a really good player, and I knew if you plugged him into this system with these players, he was going to really thrive,” Holl said. “There was no doubt in my mind — I knew he was going to make an immediate impact. I'm really happy for him.”
Though Dermott has not come close to looking out of place, he did experience a welcome-to-the-NHL moment.
“I think the first period in Chicago (last week) was a big eye-opener because they brought it to us pretty good and I had not played against speed like that and quick puck movement like that in my life,” Dermott said. “It took a little bit to get used to.”
What has been the hardest part about playing defence in the NHL as opposed to the American Hockey League?
“Guys are bigger and stronger,” Dermott said. “So the puck moves quickly and you have to keep your head on a swivel to make sure you have your guy at all times. It's pretty easy to lose someone.”
A FATHERS DAY
While the Leafs players were anticipating spending a full day off with their dads in Boston on Friday to do as they pleased, the fathers have been having fun hanging out with each other.
That was evident in the private box secured by the Leafs for the game Thursday at Madison Square Garden against the New York Rangers, as story-telling among the proud papas was nearly as enjoyable as watching their boys beat the Rangers 4-0.
“We have so much in common and so much pride in what's going on,” Connor Brown's dad, Dan, said. “It's nice for an individual dad to see the pride in the other dads, and it's really nice to bring it all together. It's a lot of fun.
“We know how blessed (their sons) are and how short (their NHL careers) could be. We're just loving it. The organization, for doing this, is unbelievable. They spoil us.”
LINE BUILDING
Patrick Marleau concurs with the idea there is growing chemistry with linemates Mitch Marner and Nazem Kadri.
“It's been good,” Marleau said. “I think it's only going to get better, but the opportunities we've been creating out there – (Marner) creates – it's fun to play with and fun to get those chances.”
With 17 goals, Marleau is closing in on 20, a mark he hit in 14 different seasons with the San Jose Sharks. In two other seasons, Marleau finished with 19 goals.
LOOSE LEAFS
Marleau on Dermott: “He has come in here and he is playing for keeps. With each game he is getting better and better. He is a competitor, first and foremost. That allows for his skills to come out.” … Still we wonder: If the Leafs had kept Tuukka Rask and not Justin Pogge, how many times would they have made the playoffs had they not traded Rask to the Bruins for Andrew Raycroft in June 2006? Against Toronto in his career, Rask is 15-6-2 with a .925 save percentage and a 2.11 goals-against average … The Leafs won their previous two meetings against the Bruins this season, taking a back-to-back set on Nov. 10-11 by scores of 3-2 and 4-1 respectively.
Several thousand Turkish protesters marched in the capital Ankara on Thursday to demonstrate against the 25-year prison sentence handed down to an opposition lawmaker on spying charges.
ANKARA: Several thousand Turkish protesters marched in the capital Ankara on Thursday to demonstrate against the 25-year prison sentence handed down to an opposition lawmaker on spying charges.
A court on Wednesday sentenced Enis Berberoglu, a lawmaker from the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) on charges of giving an opposition newspaper a video purporting to show Turkey's intelligence agency trucking weapons into Syria.
Berberoglu is the first lawmaker from the secular CHP to be jailed since the government crackdown that followed last year's failed coup. More than 50,000 people have been jailed and more than 150,000 sacked or suspended from their jobs in the aftermath of the July 15 attempted putsch.
The leader of the CHP, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, has called the decision lawless and politically motivated. On Thursday, he launched a 425 kilometre (265 mile) march from Ankara to the Istanbul jail where Berberoglu is being detained. Party officials said they expect the walk could take the 68-year-old politician at least 20 days.
"Erdoğan is waving his fingers at everyone who is against him," said Nuran, a retired teacher who declined to give her surname. "The arrest was made to send a message but we are not afraid. We will resist until they jail every single one of us."
Advertisement
Advertisement
She was among the crowds that packed into the central Ankara park where Kilicdaroglu started his march. Many people held banners, waved Turkish flags and wore t-shirts emblazoned with the word "Justice". Others carried posters of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the secular founder of modern Turkey, and the CHP.
Police imposed tight security measures at the site of the protest on Thursday morning, setting up security barriers and sealing off nearby roads and carrying out searches with bomb disposal teams and dogs. Water cannons and armoured police vehicles waited nearby the park.
"Our march will continue until there is justice in this country," Kilicdaroglu told reporters before heading for the park.
Turkey currently has 160 journalists imprisoned according to Turkish journalists union and has also jailed eleven lawmakers over terror charges. It has also shut down 130 media outlets following last July's failed coup.
The government says such measures are necessary, given the vast security threats it is facing. Right groups and some of Turkey's Western allies have voiced concern at the scope of the crackdown, decrying what they say is growing authoritarianism.
(Writing by Daren Butler and Humeyra Pamuk; Editing by David Dolan)
Tongue River's Schroder accepted into Coast Guard Academy
DAYTON — Tongue River High School student Mason Schroder lives a day's drive from the nearest ocean, but that won't keep him from protecting the country's coastline after graduation.
Schroder was recently accepted into the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New London, Connecticut. He will attend the academy in the fall of the 2017-18 school year.
It's one of the most selective schools in the country, with approximately 15 percent of the applicants accepted to the academy annually.
“I was pumped,” Schroder said when he heard the news of his acceptance. “It was something that I've been working toward for a couple of years.”
Some of his mentors, including coach and teacher Steve Hanson, served in the military, which spurred Schroder's interest in attending the academy. Schroder chose the Coast Guard Academy to serve near water and to see new parts of the country.
“I've known for a long time I've wanted to be in the military,” Schroder said.
Getting into the Coast Guard Academy is an arduous process. Beginning his junior year, Schroder completed countless essays, answered application questions and collected letters of recommendation to be considered for acceptance.
The key, Schroder said, is to make sure no spaces on the application are left blank — and that requires more than just good grades.
While he currently holds around a 3.7 GPA (and expects straight As his last semester), the Coast Guard Academy requires its applicants to be well-rounded. Schroder not only plays football, basketball and track, but is also a member of the National Honor Society, volunteered at Camp Bethel, donated his time to work with young athletes during basketball and football camps and participated in other community outreach projects.
“You really have to start your junior year to be competitive,” Schroder said.
More than 4,000 applicants start the process to get into the academy each year, and more than 2,000 are ultimately evaluated for an appointment. Fewer than 300 are typically accepted in any given year. Once accepted, tuition, room and board are provided by the academy.
Schroder has his eyes set on continuing his athletic career at the academy. A three-sport athlete at Tongue River High School, Schroder has been contacted by several of the academy's coaches to potentially play football, track and rugby at the school. Schroder earned All-State honors at Tongue River, led his team to two runner-up finishes as an offensive and defensive lineman in football and will represent the North team in the 2017 Shrine Bowl.
“Football is really my passion,” Schroder said. “I am definitely looking forward to continuing my career.”
The Coast Guard is one of two U.S. military academies that doesn't require a congressional nomination, he received congressional nominations from Sen. Mike Enzi, R-Wyoming, for the Naval and Air Force academies, as well.
After graduation, he will spend five years in the Coast Guard serving the country. Schroder said he hopes to eventually go into law enforcement.
TRHS principal Mark Fritz said Schroder is a perfect choice for the Coast Guard Academy. He called Schroder a leader in the school and on the field, and noted that he has the perfect mentality to be successful in the military.
“He fits that profile,” Fritz said. “He's a no-nonsense kind of kid, and he sticks up for what's right. He's a good leader — always doing the right thing.”
The Coast Guard is the smallest military service between the five branches with 38,000 active duty and 8,000 reserve personnel.
Posted by Charean Williams on June 14, 2017, 5:22 PM EDT
Marshal Yanda doesn't know when he'll return to the field, but he does know it will be in time for the season opener.
The Pro Bowl guard had offseason surgery on his left shoulder, playing through the injury last season.
“I'll be working out hard every day, and I'll be ready to go,” Yanda said, via Callie Caplan of the Baltimore Sun. “I can just tell you [that] Week 1, I'll be out there.”
Yanda missed three games last season after tearing the labrum Oct. 9. He moved to left guard from the right side when he returned. Despite the injury and the change of sides, Yanda still earned a sixth Pro Bowl selection.
“It was definitely one of the toughest things I've done,” Yanda said. “I was happy to finish it that way, rather than to go on IR and get the surgery then. It's nice to be able to go down fighting. And obviously we didn't get to finish what we wanted to do last year, but I at least wanted to die trying to do it.”
Kacy, a first baseman, was selected by the Blue Jays in the eighth round of last year's MLB Draft.
He started the year with the Lansing Lugnuts and is now with single-A Dunedin of the Florida State League.
KEN GRIFFEY SR., KEN GRIFFEY JR.
The Griffeys made history in 1990 when they became the first father and son to take the field at the same time as teammates.
Batting second for the Seattle Mariners, Griffey Sr., hit a single against Kansas City Royals pitcher Storm Davis and Griffey Jr., followed with a single of his own.
They topped that a couple weeks later by hitting back-to-back homers against California Angels starter Kirk McCaskill.
CECIL FIELDER, PRINCE FIELDER
Cecil Fielder had eye-popping power at the plate and his son Prince was no different.
Both reached the 50-home run plateau (Cecil in 1990, Prince in 2007) and both cleared the 300-homer mark for their careers.
Cecil, a three-time all-star, spent parts of four seasons with the Blue Jays before blossoming with the Detroit Tigers in the 1990s.
Prince spent the first half of his career in Milwaukee but also had two all-star seasons with the Tigers.
CRAIG BIGGIO, CAVAN BIGGIO
Craig Biggio spent two decades in the big leagues. The Toronto Blue Jays are hoping his son Cavan will also enjoy a long career at the top level.
Cavan, a fifth-round pick in 2016, is enjoying a strong season at double-A New Hampshire.
The hype may be focused on teammates Vladimir Guerrero, Jr., and Bo Bichette, but Biggio is quietly hovering around the top of the league in several offensive categories.
Craig Biggio, a seven-time all-star, played his entire career with the Houston Astros.
———
Follow @GregoryStrongCP on Twitter.
By Gregory Strong, The Canadian Press
PARIS (Sputnik) – The French security forces proceeded on Wednesday with the evacuation of one of the largest migrant camps in Paris, which, according to media reports, accommodates about 1,700 people, the French Interior Ministry said in a statement.
“In accordance with declarations of French Interior Minister Gerard Collomb, the Interior Ministry has instructed the prefect of Paris, the prefect of Ile-de-France region and the prefect of police to evacuate [on Wednesday] morning main Parisian migrant camp… in Paris' nineteenth district,” the statement said.
Full story: sputniknews.com
Sputnik International
Posted by Michael David Smith on April 17, 2017, 7:02 PM EDT
Texans receiver DeAndre Hopkins‘ statistics declined significantly from 2015 to 2016. His catches went from 111 to 78. His yards went from 1,521 to 954. And his touchdowns went from 11 to four. But don't tell Hopkins he had a down season.
Houston coach Bill O'Brien defended Hopkins today against questions about whether he declined last year, and when Hopkins was asked about that, he took umbrage at the notion.
“A down season? It's a team sport. I did my job,” Hopkins said, via Aaron Wilson of the Houston Chronicle.
A wide receiver's statistics are highly dependent on his quarterback, and if he doesn't have a good quarterback he's not going to have good statistics. And last year, Hopkins did not have a good quarterback. Still, Hopkins has no ill will toward Brock Osweiler.
“He's a good guy,” Hopkins said of Osweiler. “I know he's going to do well wherever he ends up.”
It remains to be seen whether the Texans will have a quarterback in 2017 who helps Hopkins put up numbers more like 2015.
By Adeboye Amosu:
Nigeria midfielder Hope Akpan has linked up with English League one outfit, Bradford City on a two-year contract from Burton Albion, reports Completesportsnigeria. com.
Akpan, 26, joined Bradford City on a free transfer, becoming the club's ninth signing of the summer.
The midfielder who has been capped at international level by Nigeria has now joined up with his new team-mates at their pre-season Cheshire training camp.
“We are really pleased to get Hope into the building,” Bradford City head coach, Micheal Collins told the club's official website.
“We already had excellent quality in that area (midfield), but Hope will add to that whilst also offering a strong physical presence.
“The intensity of the league demands we have quality in all departments to cope, and we feel like we are getting there now.”
Unblock the FIFA World Cup with ExpressVPN the #1 Trusted Name in VPN
By Lisa Richwine and Eric Kelsey
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday suggested an executive behind ABC's cancellation of sitcom "Roseanne" was biased while the White House said it did not defend comedian Roseanne Barr's racist tweet that sparked the decision.
Barr sparked widespread anger with a tweet on Tuesday comparing black former Obama administration adviser Valerie Jarrett to an ape. Barr wrote in a now-deleted message that if the Islamist political movement "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = vj."
The tweet led the ABC network, owned by Walt Disney Co , to cancel its hit revival of her "Roseanne" sitcom. Trump has cited the programme's popularity as evidence that his supporters, who include Barr, want shows that speak to their concerns.
Jarrett said on Tuesday that Disney CEO Bob Iger called her before ABC announced the show's cancellation.
"Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologise for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?" Trump said on Twitter. Trump has been a persistent critic of the news media throughout his election campaign and presidency.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders elaborated on Trump's comments at a media briefing.
"The president is simply calling out the media bias. No one is defending what she said," Sanders said.
She brought up several examples of what she called a media slant against Trump. These included comments made by ABC's "The View" host Joy Behar about Vice President Mike Pence's Christian faith, comedian Kathy Griffin's comments about Trump on the same television programme and ESPN's recent hiring of television personality Keith Olbermann, who called Trump a white supremacist. ESPN is majority owned by Disney.
Iger last year quit a Trump advisory council because of the president's decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Iger told Vogue magazine last month that he had considered running for president but decided against it to focus on business.
ABC and Disney did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
ROSEANNE BLAMES AMBIEN
Barr blamed her late-night message on the sleep aid Ambien.
"It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible," she wrote in a message that has since been deleted. "I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but...don't defend it please."
Ambien's maker, Sanofi , responded.
"While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication," its U.S. arm said on Twitter.
On Tuesday, Barr had apologised "for making a bad joke" about Jarrett.
"Don't feel sorry for me, guys!!," Barr said in a tweet on Tuesday. "I just want to apologise to the hundreds of people, and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet."
But on Wednesday she was in a feisty mood, saying on Twitter she did not know Jarrett was black.
In another tweet, Barr suggested she was being unfairly treated: "One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities..."
She also responded to supportive comments on her Twitter feed, saying, "you guys make me feel like fighting back. I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U."
The original "Roseanne" ran from 1988 to 1997, featuring a blue-collar family, the Conners, with overweight parents struggling to get by. It was praised for its realistic portrayal of working-class life.
The current "Roseanne" was ABC's biggest hit of the 2017-2018 season, drawing an average 18.7 million viewers, second only to CBS's "The Big Bang Theory," according to Nielsen data through May 20.
(Reporting by Lisa Richwine and Eric Kelsey; additional reporting by Steve Holland in Washington and Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee; Editing by Bill Tarrant and Cynthia Osterman)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
B.C. Hydro contractors have run into “geotechnical and construction challenges” that mean the Site C dam project will not be able to make its target of diverting the Peace River in the summer of 2019.
B.C. Hydro president Chris O'Riley confirmed the delay in a letter to the B.C. Utilities Commission, estimating an extra cost of $610 million that brings the total estimate to $8.9 billion for the most expensive construction project in B.C. history.
O'Riley said there is enough money in the project's contingency fund for the cost, and a “one-year float” in the project schedule means it can still be completed as scheduled by November 2024. Other risks remain, including a road realignment to avoid evicting the last two holdout farming couples who live on the narrow riverside land and have already been paid in an expropriation to make way for the dam.
“Due to the project's complexity, we expect to continue to face risks in other areas, including our second largest procurement (i.e. the generating station and spillway) that remains open and the highway realignment,” O'Riley wrote. “We will work to mitigate those challenges.”
The project is undergoing a review by the commission on the orders of Premier John Horgan, who made it a prominent issue during his years as NDP opposition leader. Under a tight deadline of Nov. 1 to make recommendations to the B.C. cabinet, the commission has already noted that Site C has been drawing heavily on contingency funds to deal with a tension crack in the riverbank and other issues.
Energy Minister Michelle Mungall said the delay is not a result of the NDP government's review, ordered after former B.C. Hydro CEO Jessica Macdonald was fired this summer. The new government has commissioned reports on the cost of delaying or abandoning the project, which O'Riley says should continue after two years of work and nearly $2 billion spent.
“Despite the challenges we have encountered and the risks that remain, our analysis continues to confirm that completing Site C as planned is still the most cost-effective option for our customers,” O'Riley said. “Suspending or terminating and finding the power we need from other sources – which carries its own set of uncertainties – would cost billions more than completing Site C.”
Band: GlowRage, featuring Caked Up
Date: Friday, Feb. 17, with doors at 9 p.m.
Venue: Soul Kitchen, 219 Dauphin St., www.soulkitchenmobile.com
Tickets: $18, available at Soul Kitchen, its website, Mellow Mushroom (both locations) or by calling 866-777-8932
The Azalea City's Mardi Gras season is a time of revelry and debauchery on the streets of downtown Mobile. With this festive time of year in full swing, GlowRage will once again invade Lower Dauphin Street with its electric cavalcade of beautiful madness.
Established in 2012, this Pensacola-based EDM experience has used its “Ultimate Paint Party Experience” to gather its mass of dedicated patrons. GlowRage's formula is eloquently simple. Each party features a set of mixed and mashed goodness from reputable DJs/producers. As the bass drops, GlowRage throws on the black lights and showers neon paint on the dancing crowd, which typically dresses in white clothing. Over the years, GlowRage has created a unique environment for an EDM experience that has grown beyond its Panhandle origins.
For its next social call at the Soul Kitchen, GlowRage is bringing one of the Las Vegas EDM scene's most recognized names. Over the past four years, Vegas native Oscar Wylde has used his Caked Up project to become a standout in his hometown, no easy task since Las Vegas is home to one of the largest and most elaborate EDM scenes in the world. A legion of electronic maestros fill Sin City's Technicolor nights with the warm thump of bass echoing across sweaty, dancing crowds.
However, Wylde would stop short of using such terms as “oversaturation” or “competition,” given how camaraderie, artistic love and sheer demand prevent any of those thoughts. The ever-changing nature of EDM allows for the scene to always be filled with new experiences. Wylde says Vegas' reputation as an entertainment mecca makes it fertile ground. Even so, he admits he's surprised to see so many Vegas DJs/producers performing on a nightly basis, both in town and on the road.
“Me being in a bedroom three years ago, I never would've expected it to grow as much as it has,” Wylde said. “I'm the type of guy that gets 60 or 70 emails a day from kids just trying to show me their music and stuff. Every single day added up, you're looking at tens of thousands of producers. To be in the middle of that and persevere through that and still be noticed is overwhelming and humbling.”
As with many EDM superstars, Wylde used online resources to release his trapped-out remixes of popular songs such as “Royals” (Lorde) and “Wrecking Ball” (Miley Cyrus). Wylde's clever ear worked tracks such as these and many others into adrenalized electric anthems that embody the aural energy on which the young DJ feeds.
His success could not have come at a better time. As Wylde's remixes enjoyed constant streams, the national EDM scene had already grown beyond the club and into the festival world. At festivals such as Hangout and Bonnaroo, lineups experienced an unexpected changing of the guard, with EDM beginning to dominate. While many festival-goers were taken by surprise, Wylde has viewed the onslaught of EDM on the festival scene as just part of evolution that lends to the escapist nature of these musical events.
“I just think it's [EDM at festivals] a getaway,” Wylde said. “I think that it's always been there. Festivals have been around for awhile now. Basically, we're just looking at a millennial version of Woodstock. When you look at Coachella and [festivals] of that nature, we're adapting to what has already been done and going along with the time.”
As far as festivals go, Wylde enjoys the social aspect. He says music festivals are a time for him to not only connect with many of his friends but to also check out other DJs and producers on the scene.
Wylde also notes that the festival set comes with creative restrictions. EDM is a freewheeling, spontaneous form of musical creation that explores endless possibilities, while an hour-long festival set may end right an EDM artist is reaching the performance's apex.
“The energy [at festivals] is always really different,” Wylde said. “To me, a good night at a club is more fun than a festival.”
Wylde says the the club environment is full of symbiotic aspects that fuel both the people on stage and in the audience. The crowd's reaction to Wylde's sounds encourages him to take them deeper into his trap. For him, a full 1,000-2,000 capacity venues is Wylde's paradise, full of sweaty dancers moving to his every beat. The club environment allows Wylde to indulge on a variety of levels. For him, the club is an open field of creation and discovery where he can travel as far as he pleases.
“In clubs, you're able to do your own thing,” Wylde said. “When you're playing a club and by yourself, you can show off and go crazy. When you're at a festival, you don't want to step on anybody's toes or overdo it like at your own show. That's just how I am. That's my prerogative.”
In the past, EDM has always been haunted by the theoretical “next level,” which has involved everything from EDM styles to live performances riddled with multimedia eye candy. According to Wylde, EDM's inclusion at festivals has allowed the genre to reach the last level. EDM now exists in a fringe world bordering the mainstream. Wylde thinks EDM now will focus on exploring styles that have already been established.
“I think that EDM has been taken to the next level,” Wylde said. “We need to talk about what the next stage will be. I think dubstep will have a big comeback.”
Azalea City EDM fans should take advantage of Caked Up's set at GlowRage's Mardi Gras soirees. Opportunities to witness one of the Vegas EDM scene's most notable artist are rare, especially when considering Wylde's goals for 2017. The world has already tasted Caked Up; Wylde has left audiences begging for more in China, Australia, Turkey and France. He plans to use 2017 to satisfy his worldwide audience's hunger for Caked Up's fresh EDM sounds.
DENVER — Jon Gray hit his first career homer an estimated 467 feet — the farthest by any Rockies player this season — and pitched effectively into the sixth inning as Colorado beat the Cincinnati Reds 5-3 on a sweltering Wednesday night.
Pat Valaika had a career-high three hits, including a two-run homer and a run-scoring single with two outs in the eighth.
Gray's two-run homer in the second was the longest among pitchers since MLB's Statcast began tracking distances in 2015. Gray even did a hop out of the batter's box and rounded the bases at a leisurely pace.
The right-handed Gray (2-0) was solid on the mound, going 5 2/3 innings and allowing three runs, two earned, in his second start since a broken bone in his left foot sidelined him for two months. Greg Holland threw a shaky ninth for his 28th save to help the slumping Rockies win for the third time in 14 games.
It was a scorching day in Denver and the game-time temperature read 97 degrees, which tied for the second-hottest home contest in Rockies history.
Scott Feldman (7-6) gave up four runs in five innings before being lifted for a pinch hitter.
Cruising along, Gray ran into trouble in the sixth when he allowed three straight hits, including a run-scoring single by Eugenio Suarez. After Tucker Barnhart lined a two-out single to load the bases, reliever Scott Oberg was summoned.
Pinch-hitter Adam Duvall hit a routine grounder to Gold Glove third baseman Nolan Arenado, who bobbled the ball for his third error of the season. The mistake allowed a run to score and made it 4-3. Billy Hamilton grounded out to end the threat.
Arenado atoned in the seventh, when he stepped on third and threw to first for a double play that bailed the Rockies out of a jam.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Reds: Catcher Devin Mesoraco was placed on the 10-day disabled list with a strained left shoulder. “The good news is it doesn't look like there's any real structural damage,” manager Bryan Price said. … To take Mesoraco's place, the Reds recalled RHP Ariel Hernandez from Triple-A Louisville. Hernandez pitched 1 2/3 innings and struck out three.
Rockies: 2B DJ LeMahieu (groin) was out of the lineup for a second straight game. “Doesn't feel as good as I wish it would at this point,” LeMahieu said. “At the same time, it's good enough to play, good enough to help our team win. I'll be in there (Thursday) and ready to go.” … OF Gerardo Parra (strained right quad) went 0 for 2 at Triple-A Albuquerque on Tuesday during a rehab assignment.
THIS & THAT
The record for hottest home game at first pitch in Rockies history was 100 degrees on June 25, 2012, against Washington. … All-Star 1B Joey Votto hit his first triple of the season for Cincinnati. … Reds reliever Tony Cingrani threw an inning and gave up a run on his 28th birthday.
UP NEXT
Cincinnati RHP Sal Romano (0-1, 6.00 ERA) makes his second career appearance Thursday in the fourth and final game of the series. The Rockies will send RHP Tyler Chatwood (6-9, 4.41) to the mound.
Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Jon Gray delivers to Cincinnati Reds' Billy Hamilton in the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, July 5, 2017, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski) http://www.limaohio.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/54/2017/07/web1_117418007-17b677e199384c40bf8e925c22139e97.jpg Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Jon Gray delivers to Cincinnati Reds' Billy Hamilton in the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, July 5, 2017, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski) Cincinnati Reds' Joey Votto flies out on a pitch from Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Jon Gray to end the top of the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, July 5, 2017, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski) http://www.limaohio.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/54/2017/07/web1_117418007-79d65cd2d55244139b59c9222aa3c9d6.jpg Cincinnati Reds' Joey Votto flies out on a pitch from Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Jon Gray to end the top of the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, July 5, 2017, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski) Cincinnati Reds starting pitcher Scott Feldman delivers to Colorado Rockies' Raimel Tapia in the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, July 5, 2017, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski) http://www.limaohio.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/54/2017/07/web1_117418007-d8f177f866c74824b395c83ff2888cfe.jpg Cincinnati Reds starting pitcher Scott Feldman delivers to Colorado Rockies' Raimel Tapia in the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, July 5, 2017, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
PARIS (Reuters) - French insurer AXA announced on Tuesday it would quadruple its investments in environmentally-friendly projects by 2020 to 9 billion euros ($10.60 billion) and disinvest further from the coal industry.
FILE PHOTO: Logos of France's biggest insurer Axa are seen on a building in Nanterre, near Paris, March 8, 2016. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann/File Photo
“In 2015 AXA committed to reach 3 billion euros in green investments by 2020. Given that this target has already been reached, the Group has decided to quadruple its original target and reach 12 billion euros by 2020,” the insurer said.
French President Emmanuel Macron is hosting a climate summit this week where he will press rich countries to increase financing for dealing with climate change and urge investors worldwide to turn their backs on polluters in a bid to accelerate efforts to combat global warming.
With respect to disinvesting from the coal industry, Axa will target companies that derive more than 30 percent of their revenue from coal. It also said it would not insure any new coal mines or oil sands projects, including associated pipeline businesses.
($1 = 0.8488 euros)
HTC has always been known for being too generous in giving discounts. It doesn't always mean sales aren't doing so well. It just means the company is being well, generous. The HTC U Ultra was launched last January together with the HTC U Play but we haven't heard any figures yet. For this Spring, HTC USA has started to offer the U Ultra with a huge discount of $150 off. It's now $599 which is, to be honest, still pricey. Then again, it is still affordable than most premium flagships just offered in the market.
The HTC U Ultra boasts of a Liquid Surface design that shows the molded glass front and back. You will notice the fluid blend between the glass display and metal build. There's also the dual display which is more of a second screen where quick informations and details are viewed like event notifications, app shortcuts, or a favorite contacts.
The phone features a 12MP main and 12MP front-facing cameras. The selfie shooter also uses a 16MP sensot or 4X UltraPixel. The HTC USonic analyzes your inner ear and adapts sound profile for a better audio listening experience.
HTC is also offering the UH OH Protection with the HTC U Play for free. This means you can have the screen replacement without any cost when it's broken or there is water damage. Other HTC models are also listed with a discount: HTC One A9 with $300 off, HTC Bolt with $150 off plus a clear case, and the HTC 10 with $200 off. Such discounts may also mean new models are arriving soon so let's wait and see.
Midfielder Mikel Obi says the Super Eagles will be at their best for the prestige international friendly match against England at Wembley Stadium in London on June 2.
“There will be no option for us other than to give our best with the FIFA World Cup fast approaching.
“The match comes up only two weeks before our first match at the FIFA World Cup.
“It will be a big occasion and a big match for both teams as we both look forward to our respective first matches in Russia.
“England is a special place for me, having spent so many years playing there, and it is one country I love to go to,'' Mikel was quoted as saying on the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) website on Tuesday.
The former Chelsea FC player said Super Eagles were already talking to themselves and everyone of them was looking forward to the game.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Nigeria take on Croatia in their first match at the 21st FIFA World Cup finals at the Kaliningrad Stadium on June 16.
In their other Group D matches, they will then face Iceland at Volgograd on June 22, and Argentina at Saint Petersburg on June 26.
On the other hand, England will play their first match in Group G against Tunisia at Volgograd on June 18.
Thereafter, they will face Panama at Nizhny Novgorod on June 24, and Belgium at Kaliningrad on June 28.
Meanwhile, tickets for the England/Nigeria match are still selling, with the lowest ticket going for 35 pounds.
The Common Law Admission Test (CLAT) 2018 result has been declared today, according to media reports. Candidates can check results on the official website, clat.ac.in.
The CLAT 2018 exam has been under criticism because of irregularities reported by multiple students, NDTV said. Several petitions were filed by students at high courts and the case subsequently reached the Supreme Court. The apex court directed the National University of Advanced Legal Studies (NUALS) to resolve the grievances of the students by today (30 May).
The NDTV report added that NUALS had set up a two-member committee headed by retired Kerala High Court judge Justice MR Hariharan Nair, to look into the students' complaints.
On Tuesday, another writ petition challenging the conduct of this year's CLAT 2018 was filed before the Supreme Court, Bar and Bench reported. The petitioner has sought the quashing of the test conducted on 13 May and for a fresh examination to be held.
The Supreme Court listed the matter for today (30 May). This petition, filed on behalf of 29 candidates from different states, through advocates Zoheb Hossain and Rajendra Dangwal, will be heard along with a similar writ petition that was heard by another bench of the apex court.
On 17 May, NUALS in Kochi has released the CLAT 2018 answer key, and those interested may download it from the official website, clat.ac.in.
Once the results are declared, the candidates can follow these steps to get theirs scores:
-Go to the official CLAT website, clat.ac.in.
-Click on the link for CLAT 2018 result.
-Enter relevant details of the candidate and click on submit.
-Download the result and take a print out for further reference.
CLAT 2018 exam was organised on 13 May for candidates seeking admissions to the five-year integrated law degree (Honors) undergraduate programme, or to the one-year LLM post-graduate degree programme in 19 National Law Universities (NLUs) across the country.
The CLAT online exam this year consisted of 200 multiple choice questions based on English, general knowledge, current affairs, elementary mathematics and legal aptitude.
CLAT, an all-India entrance examination, conducted on rotation basis by the National Law Universities (NLUs) for admissions to five-year integrated Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Law (BA plus LLB) and one-year Master of Law (LLM) programme,was conducted by the Chanakya National Law University, Patna in 2017.
As has been observed over the course of the past few weeks, the dates and times of result announcements have been frequently changed around. The information above has not been independently verified. However, this article will continue to be updated to reflect official updates as and when they come in.
SANTA CLARA, Calif. (AP) — The San Francisco 49ers are easing linebacker Reuben Foster back into the system after he missed the start of the offseason program while dealing with a domestic violence case that was eventually dropped.
Foster was not allowed to participate in the offseason program until a judge ruled last week that he wouldn't have to stand trial on domestic violence charges. The judge determined there was no evidence that Foster ever hit his ex-girlfriend.
Foster rejoined the Niners last Thursday but has been held out of team drills as he gets back up to speed. He took part in individual drills during organized team activities but spent the time during team drills doing conditioning or watching teammates.
Defensive coordinator Robert Salah said there's no rush to get Foster back into team drills but added it won't take long for Foster to get back up to speed.
___
More AP NFL: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
ESPN's Jennie Gow and Craig Scarborough discuss how the summer break works in Formula 1 and just why it is so important. (2:55)
How does summer break work in F1? (2:55)
While fans try to avoid boredom without their Formula One fix for a whole month, ESPN charts how some of the 2017 F1 grid are spending their free time away from the circuit during their four-week summer break.
Lewis Hamilton
He may not be driving at 200mph for four weeks, but Lewis Hamilton has been wasting no time in his search for an adrenaline rush.
Valtteri Bottas
Mercedes teammate Valtteri Bottas has been taking a more relaxed approach back at home in his native Finland.
Felipe Massa
Felipe Massa has been recovering from the virus which ruled him out of the Hungarian Grand Prix by getting back behind the wheel.... of a kart.
Valeu Sabiá !! Obrigado galera !! 🤙🏼🤙🏼 #Interlagos @birel_art A post shared by Felipe Massa (@massafelipe19) on Aug 10, 2017 at 8:44am PDT
Fernando Alonso
The double world champion has been mixing training with some downtime.
Vacaciones 🤗🚴👍 #mmr #sport #life A post shared by Fernando Alonso (@fernandoalo_oficial) on Aug 3, 2017 at 9:35am PDT
#summertime @kimoa ✌️ A post shared by Fernando Alonso (@fernandoalo_oficial) on Aug 11, 2017 at 9:00am PDT
Stoffel Vandoorne
Having scored his first point of the season in Hungary, Stoffel Vandoorne took a well-earned break in Montenegro ahead of his upcoming home race in Belgium.
End of a great couple of days relaxing with my friends in #Montenegro #Kotor! 📸⬅️☀️🏝 #Summer2k17 A post shared by Stoffel Vandoorne (@svandoorne) on Aug 7, 2017 at 10:39am PDT
Zak Brown
McLaren might not have tasted the winners' champagne in F1 since 2012, but CEO Zak Brown -- usually found in the Woking-based outfit's garage on race weekends -- has been dominant behind the wheel of a Porsche 962 in the Monterey Historics.
It was another lights to flag victory for @ZBrownCEO in Monterey aboard the Porsche 962 #BeUnited pic.twitter.com/rxac4MDqZB — United Autosports (@UnitedAutosport) August 13, 2017
Romain Grosjean
Haas driver Romain Grosjean has been hitting the road in style...
Before taking a different perspective on holiday in Corsica...
🙃🙃🙃 A post shared by Romain Grosjean (@grosjeanromain) on Aug 9, 2017 at 2:48am PDT
Kevin Magnussen
Following his fallout with Nico Hulkenberg in Hungary, Kevin Magnussen has been searching for new friends...
Just made a new friend. 😀🐖 A post shared by Kevin Magnussen (@kevinmagnussen) on Aug 10, 2017 at 1:19am PDT
Jolyon Palmer
Renault's Jolyon Palmer has been getting ready for the second half of the season by tackling new challenges -- as he reached the summit of Mount Kilimanjaro in Africa.
Kilimanjaro summit at 19,000 feet (5,900m) ✅. Unbelievably tough but an incredible experience! #Kilimanjaro A post shared by Jolyon Palmer (@jolyon_palmer) on Aug 13, 2017 at 4:41am PDT
Sergio Perez
The Force India driver got engaged to girlfriend Carola Martinez.
SIEMPRE JUNTOS!! Nos casamos!!!!! 💕💕💕💕💍💍💍💍 más feliz imposible!!! Te amoooo A post shared by Carola Martinez (@carolamtz1) on Aug 13, 2017 at 9:47am PDT
And what about the world champion?
Reigning world champion Nico Rosberg jetted into London to catch the action on the final day of the World Athletics Championships.
Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis said on Saturday that early elections could be a last resort if he fails to win support for a new government after his minority cabinet lost a confidence vote last month.
PRAGUE: Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis said on Saturday that early elections could be a last resort if he fails to win support for a new government after his minority cabinet lost a confidence vote last month.
The billionaire businessman's anti-establishment ANO party won a parliamentary election last October but lacks a majority.
With a booming economy and rising wages, ANO appealed to voters with its pledge to fight corruption, streamline government, fix outdated roads and cut taxes.
Babi faces allegations that he fraudulently claimed European Union subsidies worth 2 million euros a decade ago and other parties decline to work with him. He denies wrongdoing and ANO refuses to nominate another candidate for prime minister.
"If we don't reach agreement (with other parties) then maybe the only solution will be early elections," he said in an interview with daily Pravo, adding it was "a last resort" he did not want. His ally President Milos Zeman also opposes the idea.
Babis said he would seek support by the end of this month and then ask parliament for a confidence vote.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He views single-party government as the best option and said he would continue talks on gaining support from the far-left Communist party and far-right, anti-EU SPD party.
His Foreign Minister Martin Stropnicky, said in an interview with Mlada Fronta Dnes, that he and other ANO members would have a problem relying on support from the SPD.
Babis would also wait for the Social Democrat party to elect new leadership at a Feb. 18 congress before holding more talks with his former ruling partners.
ANO has 78 lawmakers in the 200-seat lower chamber of parliament. Babis's minority cabinet remains in power until a new administration is formed.
Zeman has tasked Babis with forming a new government and promised to give him plenty of time after his own re-election last weekend, in a victory speech where the leaders of the Social Democrats and SPD stood behind him.
Under the constitution, Zeman could dissolve parliament if three confidence votes fail, giving him a strong hand in talks. Given ANO's popularity, other parties oppose new elections.
Zeman, a prominent figure in Czech politics, has been criticized for his warmth towards the far-right and ties to Russia. He has called for an end to EU sanctions against Moscow.
(Reporting by Jason Hovet; Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg)
Dennis Edwards, Temptations singer for 2 decades, dies at 74
Dennis Edwards, a Grammy-winning former member of the famed Motown group The Temptations, has died. He was 74.
Edwards died Thursday in Chicago after a long illness, said Rosiland Triche Roberts, his longtime booking agent.
Edwards replaced founding member David Ruffin in 1968, and his soulful, passionate voice defined the group for years. A member on and off for about two decades, he was part of the lineup that released hits “Ball of Confusion (That's What The World Is Today),” ″Cloud Nine” and the chart-topping “Papa Was A Rollin' Stone.”
He possessed a “voice for the ages,” with great range, energy and artistry, Paul Riser, a Motown arranger and musician who worked with Edwards during the label's Detroit heyday and on subsequent projects, told The Associated Press. “That voice was just flat-out outstanding — very well-defined.”
Edwards was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame with the rest of The Temptations in 1989.
In the 1990s, a federal judge barred him from performing under his former band's name. Otis Williams, the band's lone original member, sued Edwards for trademark infringement after he had used variations that included “The New Temptations.” He was allowed to use “The Temptations Review featuring Dennis Edwards,” and performed under that name for nearly two decades, according to Roberts.
“He is now at peace, and our love and prayers go out to his family,” Williams said in a statement Friday. “At this moment and always, we acknowledge his extraordinary contribution to The Temptations legacy, which lives on in the music.”
Motown star Smokey Robinson said in a statement that he was saddened “that another Motown soldier is gone.”
“Rest in Peace my brother,” he said. “You were a great talent.”
Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Edwards lived near St. Louis with his wife, Brenda. He would have turned 75 on Saturday.
Author: JEFF KAROUB / AP
Despite the flourishing of the natural beauty revolution, sustainability has been tricky territory for the beauty industry, a sector that has long been battling with the excess of packaging from cardboard, cellophane, ribbons and more. Progress is slow, and despite some breakthroughs—last year several countries legislated to ban products with non-biodegradable microbeads, which have a profound impact on marine life—there is still a long way to go.
According to research conducted for the recent Zero Waste week, the cosmetics industry produces 120 billion units of packaging per year—the use of cardboard alone contributes to the loss of 18 million acres of forest per year and by 2050, it is predicted that there will be up to 12 billion tonnes of plastic in landfill generated by the beauty industry alone.
The good news is that plenty of beauty brands—including many that don't define themselves as organic or vegan—are taking steps to offer recycling and sustainable products. And there's plenty of incentive from younger customers: according to Euromonitor, consumers aged 25 to 34 are the most conscious of buying products from environmentally-friendly brands.
It is now easy to research your products before you choose them. Sustainably sourced doesn't just mean high-quality ingredients, it also means minimal impact on the environment. For example, Julia Wills, founder of the new Seattle-born botanical skincare line Herbivore Botanicals, states clearly in her mission statement, “When we were creating the brand, our goal was to make as little of an impact on the environment as possible. We have taken steps to do this by packaging our products in recyclable glass and recyclable boxes. We use all biodegradable ingredients in our formulations and make sure we source as close to home as possible to reduce our carbon footprint on the delivery of raw ingredients.”
Here are a few simple ways to take an environmentally responsible approach to your own beauty habits.
Use old makeup compacts for storage
Clear out any remaining powder from your finished compacts. Wash and dry thoroughly and use as a secure storage container for small fiddly items like paper clips, safety pins, buttons and hair ties.
Image: Beate Sonnenberg
Reuse your candle glasses
No shelfie is complete without an empty Diptyque candle with makeup brushes carefully displayed. Candles are perfect for reuse—from the charming labels, to textured finishes, whether it's a Bella Freud black matte number or clear, smooth Le Labo glass. Wash the finished candle glass by adding boiling water—this will soften the remaining wax and raise it into an easily removable disk—then wash as you would any other glass. Candle glasses also double up as perfectly-sized tumblers.
Be a smart shopper
Seek out brands with viable, environmentally-friendly initiatives. For instance, Kiehl's has an incentive scheme where you receive a free product on the return of ten empties. At M.A.C you get a complimentary lipstick for six empties. Dior has dropped all cellophane and excessive paper from its packaging, while Neal's Yard and Tata Harper only use recycled glass in their packaging. The list goes on—just ask at the counter.
Image: Beate Sonnenberg
Turn perfume bottles into diffusers
Beautiful perfume bottles are hard to part with—and there's no need to when you can reuse them as room diffusers. Just place reeds into the bottle and the scent will fill the room for weeks to come.
Wash and go again and again
Face wipes have had bad a press lately, but you can make full use of your last packet by handwashing them and using them again for makeup removal. The material is soft and gentle on skin and the perfect texture to soak with remover and get rid of even the most stubborn kohl liner.
Navigating adult life can be hard, but we're here to help. From practical tips on how to back up your data to essential advice for introverts, our Vogue Hacks series will get you the know-how you need
Also read:
Who are the ones making a difference on World Environment Day?
Want to save the environment? These 8 steps will help you get started
6 beauty brands that are committed to the cause of zero waste
How to make sustainable choices when shopping for your wardrobe
This make-up remover changes the beauty game and is good for the environment
Theodore “Ted” F. Bielen, 86, of Stratford, semi-pro football player, head coach of Holy Name Cardinals (Pop Warner), husband of Rose Marie Corvino Bielen, died April 10, at home.
Born in Stratford on Dec. 31, 1930, son of the Catherine Bielen Yanosky and Joseph Bielen; U.S. Army, corporal in the medical corp, Korean War.
Besides his wife, he is survived by two sons, Theodore F. Bielen and wife, Kathleen of Glen Rock, N.J. and David J. Bielen and wife, Irene of Watertown, five grandchildren, six great-grandchildren, and several nieces and nephews.
Also predeceased by three sisters, Mary Goglin, Florence Bielen and Stella Pitiak.
Services: Tuesday, April 18, 10 a.m., Holy Name of Jesus Church, 1950 Barnum Avenue, Stratford. Burial will follow in St. Michael's Cemetery. Calling hours: Monday, April 17, 4-7 p.m., Galello-Luchansky Funeral Home, 2220 Main Street, Stratford.
Memorial contributions: Holy Name of Jesus Church of Stratford, 1950 Barnum Avenue, Stratford, Connecticut Hospice INC, 2 Trap Falls Road, #408, Shelton, CT 06484, or Wounded Warriors, PO Box 758517, Topeka, Kansas, 66675.
Happiness cannot be bought.
It can't be taken by force either.
Those facts were reinforced last week when I read an article about a mega-rich singer and then watched the 1980s film classic, The Karate Kid.
I'd seen the film before so I already knew the theme, but reading the article and watching the film on the same day made me realise they are related.
The headline on the article was, ‘The Sadness of Lady Gaga,' and the point was that the superstar singer is not happy.
She thinks her fame is destroying her love life, she is afraid she will not be able to have kids and she feels sorry for herself.
“I just want to go on tour and have a family. I never get it right. My love life has imploded,” she said.
The 31-year-old American's complaints may sound a bit rich to those of you who live in the real world, but I do have some sympathy for her.
I mean she has done exactly what western society told her she should do if she wanted to live a happy life.
She worked hard to develop a skill, tailored her looks to her market, sold herself to the world and became rich and famous.
All her life she has been told those things would make her happy, so if they haven't worked, I can understand why she would feel frustrated and sad.
The same kind of thing happened to Johnny, the ring leader of the nasty karate students in The Karate Kid. He was the reigning fight champion and he thought he could just take, or take-back, whatever he wanted, including his former girlfriend who decided she would rather be with Daniel, the hero of the film.
Johnny was wrong, of course, but believe it or not, I also have sympathy for him.
He was being taught to use karate as an offensive weapon so he could take what he wanted, instead of to defend himself, by a twisted instructor.
Like Lady Gaga, he was doing what he was told to do but he didn't get what was promised, and according to Daniel's instructor, that wasn't his fault.
“No such thing as bad student,”Mr Miyogi said in the film, “only bad teacher.”
The deep-thinking Japanese karate expert said many otherwise things, but the point he kept coming back to with Daniel was that to be good at karate he would need to develop balance.
Then he said, “Lesson not just for karate, for whole life. Have balance, everything better.”
That's the way he talks in the film. It might sound funny, but it makes a lot of sense, and by the time Daniel overcomes some foul play to capture Johnny's karate crown, we can see that Johnny is becoming a convert.
That's leaves us feeling there is hope the bully will mend his ways and find happiness.
It also suggests if Lady Gaga and the rest of us try to establish more balance in our lives instead of focusing on fame, money and power, we might find happiness as well.
An American wrestler using Donald Trump's schtick is body-slamming his way to fame in Mexican wrestling.
Sam Adonis - real name Sam Polinsky - has used the anti-Trump feeling in Mexico to his advantage.
And fans love to hate him.
“I hear it all, and the Mexican fans are screaming the worst expletives they can at me. They are throwing beers at me, they are throwing popcorn at me,” the wrestler told Reuters.
Adonis gives fans plenty of ammunition by wearing an American flag cape with Trump's mug emblazoned on it. Wayward beer bottles fired his way aren't unusual.
Like Nikolai Volkoff and the Iron Sheik before him, Adonis is a bad guy - or “rudo” in Mexican wrestling parlance. The good guys are known as “technicos”.
Adonis says the atmosphere is electric.
“Fans in Mexican lucha libre are some of the best on earth. Two thousand people in Mexico can make more noise than 20,000 people in the United States,” he said.
But despite the boos, young fans love him.
Second only to soccer in terms of popularity, lucha libre wrestling, Adonis shifted from pretty boy ladies man to the Trump act as the reality TV star was rising.
Does life imitate art?
“I can't say I support Trump but I definitely respect Trump,” he said. “He is just himself, and if you like it, you like it, and if you don't, you don't.”
Campaign Gogogoi Tisvikewo, Ekuhle --- Wisdom from the East
I had enriching engagements over the weekend in rural Manicaland where I interacted with ordinary Zimbabweans from Chipinge to Nyanga as we up the ante in our rural campaign ahead of this year's watershed plebiscite.
I drank deep from the wise people from the East as both the old and the young told me of their daily hardships and tribulations and how they wish to consign their poverty by voting for transformation, opportunity and prosperity in the forthcoming election.
In Chipinge, I also took time to pay my last respects to one of our late old cadres James Wizen Dhliwayo, who passed on. As I paid my respects at the homestead, I had the opportunity to interact with traditional leaders. Tradition and culture play an important pivotal role in our society.
My first port of call was Kondo business centre in Chipinge West on Saturday where I interacted with Zimbabweans in this marginalized part of our country. The people told me of their grinding poverty amid the plenty of diamonds and the Chisumbanje ethanol plant in their area whose profits have been spirited away by the well-heeled political and business elite.
In the searing heat and the dry soils of Chipinge, I saw dilapidated infrastructure and a people desperate to have their sense of hope renewed by a truly caring government. I felt touched by their persistent optimism even amid the grinding poverty so palpable all around them.
It was heartening that at least, hope continues to spring among the despondent people of Chipinge.
At the well attended rally at Kondo, I took the opportunity to pay tribute to the gallant sons and daughters of Chipinge who have faithfully served this nation with unbridled patriotism.
Indeed, this is the home of the iconic Ndabaningi Sithole, former Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe governor Kombo Moyana Godwin Matanga, Happyton Bonyongwe and the Zamchiyas who have all left their own unique footprints on the sands of this country's history.
Indeed, Chipinge will always be a community for change, as has always been reflected by her people's voting pattern since the country's political independence in 1980. Like Binga, Matabeleland and Mola, Chipinge has been a notable outpost of underdevelopment despite the galaxy of its prominent sons and daughters who have consistently and patriotically served this country.
At the Kondo rally, I articulated our vision for the new Zimbabwe and walked them through our seven hubs of civilization as well as our detailed transformation agenda in the spheres of governance, the economy, social services, infrastructure rehabilitation and international re-engagement.
I spoke about spatial devolution, the need for devolution as well as the imperative of growing new cities and new nodal points around the economic activities that are particular to certain areas.
I told them of our vision to uplift rural areas by ensuring that they have modern homes and access to electricity. It is possible to generate power by harnessing sunshine that is so abundant in Africa.
I spoke about the imperative of growing our economy by growing cash crops such as coffee and tea. The Tanganda tea estate in Chipinge has lots of potential for growth and can become a key nodal point for development and revenue generation both for the community and the country.
Given the crippling but legitimate strike by the country's hardworking nurses and doctors, I reminded the people of Chipinge of the fallacy by the current government that Zimbabwe is open for business when it is not open for health.
Our new incoming government will spare a thought for the desperate cries coming from throughout the country---especially this barren and desolate land of Chipinge that is crying out for attention from those occupying the lofty citadel of government.
We pledge that we will not fail them; that we will attend to the legitimate concerns of these underdeveloped communities.
Remembering the Lord in whatever we do
On Sunday, I left Mutare for Ruwangwe in Nyanga North near the border with Mozambique.
It is my maxim that whatever we do in politics or whichever vocation, we must never forget to serve and plead with our Lord in Heaven.
Before I left Mutare, I had the occasion to go church, where I joined other Zimbabweans in prayer.
Indeed, whatever our circumstances or social station in life, the Lord we serve is a God of eternal goodness and mercy.I saw the Lord's grace at the church Mutare and had occasion to see His power at work.
Great and blessed things await this great country.
Rural Ruwangwe---an outpost and leeway to liberation
At Ruwangwe business centre in the mountains of Nyanga North on the border with Mozambique, I had occasion to interact with yet another teeming crowd exuding hope and unbridled optimism.
The people told me of their harassment by some traditional leaders who continued to demand the serial numbers of their voter registration slips. They told of dilapidated infrastructure, of the now impassable Bhinya road that links the area with Mayo, Murehwa and Mutoko. They recounted the sad story of how Nyanga, a once-thriving tourist destination, has become of shell of its former self owing to collapsed infrastructure and the poisoned politics that persists in the country despite the much-vaunted fallacy that Zimbabwe is now open for business.
The people of Nyanga of North said they were ready for a truly new dispensation that will be ushered in by the next election. They said all who must lead this country have to first pass through their area as Robert Mugabe and Edgar Tekere did way back in the 1970s when they passed through this area into Mozambique. Ruwangwe, they said, had always been a gateway to liberation and transformation icons and it was in that spirit that they were receiving me and other leaders.
They said they were heartened that I had also passed through their area to interact and share with them our policy ideas. This, they said, was ominous of the good times ahead for the country.
I felt humbled.
As we drove out of the picturesque surroundings of scenic Nyanga, I felt pained at how as a country we were failing to harness the huge potential tourism. In our policy document document to be unveiled in the coming weeks, tourism was a major hub that could be a source of massive revenue generation for our nation.
Indeed, as the scriptures say, where there is no vision, people perish.
And Zimbabwe is on the verge of perishing because of a clueless leadership.
Going rural---our new thrust
While I addressed the people rural Manicaland from Chipinge to Nyanga, several MDC-T leaders and MDC Alliance partners were strewn across the rural countryside; spreading the same message of transformation, opportunity and prosperity.
There is massive support for the party and the Alliance in the rural areas and all our leaders addressed equally huge crowds in Tsholotsho, Hurungwe, Gokwe and Mudzi, among other areas.
Next week, I will be in yet another rural area, interacting with the people and listening to their sordid tales of how they are grinding it out in these hard times.
Positive change is now imminent!
One Zimbabwe, one people.
One Zimbabwe, one future.
One Zimbabwe, one vision.
Behold the new.
God bless Zimbabwe.
God bless Africa
Adv. Nelson Chamisa is the MDC-T President and the MDC Alliance Presidential Candidate.
PATASKALA, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio man has been arrested for threatening to blow up multiple government buildings.
Court documents show the 23-year-old Pataskala man told co-workers at a packaging company that he wanted to get bomb-making materials with the goal of blowing up a judge's home, a courthouse, a police station and buildings that housed the Internal Revenue Service and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
The employees told human resources, who then contacted police.
The man was charged Wednesday with making a terroristic threat. He is being held in lieu of $150,000 bond.
Court records show the man told his co-workers he was angry at the government for how he was treated following his conviction of vehicular assault after a 2014 car crash.
Fans arrive for Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas. Ross D. Franklin AP Photo
LONDON (AP) — The Latest from Wimbledon (all times local):
5:45 p.m.
Serena Williams continued her Wimbledon return by moving into the third round with an emphatic 6-1, 6-4 win over Viktoriya Tomova.
The seven-time champion lost just five of 32 points on her first serve as she took a little over an hour to triumph against her 135th-ranked opponent.
Williams was unable to defend her 2016 Wimbledon title last year because she was pregnant.
Despite her ranking having fallen to 181, Williams is seeded 25th this year.
The 36-year-old American next faces German Tatjana Maria or Kristina Mladenovic of France.
___
5:05 p.m.
Second-seeded Caroline Wozniacki is battling a difficult opponent and a swarm of flying bugs at Wimbledon.
The Australian Open champion complained to the chair umpire about the bugs that invaded No. 1 Court after she lost the first set 6-4 against Ekaterina Makarova of Russia. After shaking her head repeatedly on court to get the flying insects out of her hair, the Dane asked for bug spray to be used.
That seemed to do the trick — at least when it came to improving her own game. Wozniacki won the second set 6-1 to level the match.
___
4:25 p.m.
Gael Monfils overcame Paolo Lorenzi 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (3) to set up a third-round meeting with 2017 Wimbledon semifinalist Sam Querrey.
After hitting just four winners in the opening set, the 44th-ranked Monfils improved to a total of 49 for the match and reached the third round at the England Club for the seventh time in his career.
The Frenchman has never been beyond that stage and to do so will have to defeat 11th-seeded Querrey.
Querrey earlier eased past Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky 7-6 (4), 6-3, 6-3 to advance to the third round for a third successive year.
Last year Querrey defeated Andy Murray to reach his first Grand Slam semifinal, where he was defeated by Marin Cilic.
___
4:15 p.m.
Roger Federer won 35 straight points on his own serve en route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1 in the second round of Wimbledon.
Federer didn't drop a point on his serve in the entire second set and kept that streak going until he was 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third, when Lacko sent a backhand winner down the line.
In total, the eight-time champion lost just nine of 61 points on his serve and broke Lacko five times, including with a forehand winner to close out the match.
___
3:45 p.m.
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as he prepares for his second-round match at Wimbledon.
And it's got everything to do with the World Cup.
Edmund is English. His coach, Fredrik Rosengren, is Swedish. Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday?
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to his Twitter account, showing him and Rosengren at practice — posing in a fighting position and each wearing his nation's soccer jersey.
“When your coach is a Swede and you tell him it's coming home. let's go England!” Edmund posted, referring to the slogan his country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If he beats Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping his third-round match on Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
3:15 p.m.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams once again dropped the opening set, and once again dominated the rest of the way to win.
The No. 9 seed, at 38 the oldest woman in the draw, came back to beat 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 to reach the third round at the England Club.
Williams got broken in the first game and did not recover in the opening set, in which she made 12 unforced errors, twice as many as Dulgheru. Nine of those were errant forehands.
But the American, the runner-up at Wimbledon a year ago, then won seven games in a row.
In the first round, Williams started by ceding a tiebreaker against 58th-ranked Johanna Larsson before taking 12 of the last 15 games.
___
3:05 p.m.
Lucas Pouille became the latest seeded player to exit the men's draw at Wimbledon after a 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2 defeat to Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak.
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set, but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of his career.
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic, who hit 34 aces in his 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over John Millman.
___
2:40 p.m.
Karolina Pliskova advanced to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a 6-3, 6-3 victory over Victoria Azarenka.
Seventh-seeded Pliskova didn't face a break point as she cruised through a meeting of the two former No.1-ranked players on Centre Court.
It was the sixth time in seven main draw appearances at Wimbledon that 2016 U.S. Open runner-up Pliskova had advanced to the second round, but she had previously failed to go any further.
Two-time Australian Open champion Azarenka was vulnerable on her second serve throughout, winning just seven of 18 points on it.
Pliskova will next face 29th-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu, after the Romanian defeated British wildcard Katie Swan 6-0, 6-3.
___
2:25 p.m.
Milos Raonic hit 34 aces to beat John Millman of Australia in straight sets and reach the third round at Wimbledon.
The 2016 runner-up won 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) in a match that only featured one break of serve for each player in the second set.
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year, having lost to eventual champion Roger Federer in last year's quarterfinals.
___
1:45 p.m.
Wimbledon's commercial director has no issues with Roger Federer pulling off a marketing coup on Centre Court.
Federer drew headlines around the world when he walked onto the court wearing a Uniqlo outfit on Monday for his opening match after ending his decades-long partnership with Nike. It was the first time the eight-time Wimbledon champion had worn the brand publicly, but organizers said he didn't violate any of their strict rules in regards to using the tournament for marketing purposes.
“I guess it was like a huge reveal, wasn't it?” said Mick Desmond, the commercial and media director for the England Club. “That's absolutely fine. It's obviously a marketing coup for Roger. … We set the stage, he's done a reveal.”
Desmond said he was not aware of Federer's plans, though tournament staff check all players' kits before the tournament to make sure they don't violate any rules.
“Providing you're adhering to the specifications in terms of the all-white rule and the amount of measurement in terms of branding, then that's fine,” Desmond said. “It would have been checked by the club in terms of a technical perspective. From a commercial perspective, that's his business.”
___
1:05 p.m.
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon.
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0, 6-3, clinching the match with a backhand winner on No. 3 Court. She was joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States, who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4, 6-3.
Buzarnescu is making her first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No. 28. Swan, ranked 204th, was given a wild-card entry to the tournament.
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year.
___
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as he bids to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. He lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as he continues his quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as she goes for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Vaccines are lifesavers.
Over the past century vaccines for polio, cholera and measles have saved millions of lives. And as a global drug epidemic deepens, claiming more and more lives, the hunt is on for vaccines that could one day treat drug addiction.
For Ron Crystal, a New York-based doctor at Weill Cornell Medicine, the hunt started about a decade ago in the Big Apple.
“I was walking in New York City, and I passed a newsstand. I happen to see a copy of Newsweek magazine, and on the cover it said”: The hunt for an addiction vaccine.
The headline resonated with Crystal, who thought, “Huh, I have an idea.”
This headline stopped Dr. Ron Crystal in his tracks and sparked a 10-year search for a vaccine for cocaine addiction. (Newsweek)
Ten years later, he and his team of researchers are still working on it, trying to perfect a vaccine for cocaine addiction.
“The real challenge in developing these vaccines,” he tells CBC News, “is can you evoke significant amount of immunity sufficient to block the addictive molecule from reaching the brain?”
A vaccine won't get rid of the intense cravings an addicted person gets, but it could get rid of his or her ability to get high.
Here's how Crystal's vaccine would work.
Once it's injected, the vaccine tricks the immune system into blocking the effects of the drug. It does that by producing antibodies against cocaine.
“You can think of the antibodies like the Pac-Man game — they're little ‘Pac-Men.' And the antibodies, those y-shaped protein molecules, are specific for cocaine and they're floating around in the bloodstream.”
The “Pac-Men” antibodies bind to the cocaine and prevent the drug from reaching the brain. In other words, there's no high.
If the cocaine vaccine does work and does so safely, Crystal sees it as a valuable therapy that can be used in the war against addiction.
Dr. Ronald Crystal, left, of Weill Cornell Medicine says if a cocaine vaccine was successfully developed it could be an important milestone in the war against addiction. (Weill Cornell Medicine)
Addiction: ‘A disease of the brain'
“I think what's clear is that addiction in our country, and in Canada and throughout the world is a major problem and there are very few therapies for addiction,” Crystal says. “For cocaine, there is no therapy other than psychological therapies. If we could develop vaccines that were effective then, in fact, it would be very important and you could use the term game changer.”
The human cost of drug addiction is staggering. In Canada, nearly 2,500 people have died in 2016 from opioid-related deaths, a public health crisis that's also a financial burden on the health-care system.
It has researchers all over the globe trying to solve the drug addiction epidemic.
Researchers in California are working on a heroin vaccine, as well as a vaccine against fentanyl. So far the tests have been on monkeys and rodents. (The Scripps Research Institute)
“Addiction is a disease of the brain,” says Kim Janda, a scientist with The Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla, Calif. “The brain needs time to basically remodel itself and get back to normalcy. The vaccines can assist in that.”
He's been been working on a variety of vaccines against opioid addiction, including one for heroin.
“You're trying to solve a drug problem with another drug,” he says.
Janda says addiction vaccines like his can complement existing treatment methods.
“Undergoing therapy typically with these people with substance use disorder, is that you relapse many times. What the vaccine will do is potentially not let them relapse. Maybe when they are doing the drug, they'll have other thoughts and say, ‘I shouldn't possibly be doing this,' and go back to therapy.”
Janda needs to advance his research but with further testing costing millions of dollars and big pharmaceuticals showing little interest in addiction vaccines, he says he's looking to private companies for financial help.
Firefighters try to revive a man who has already had two doses of naloxone after overdosing on fentanyl in Vancouver's Downtown Eastside. (CBC)
Dr. Keith Ahamad isn't waiting for what he calls “a magic bullet.” Many of his patients are from Vancouver's Downtown Eastside, a neighbourhood that's become ground zero in the fight against the opioid epidemic. Ahamad and his team focus on more traditional treatment, like supervised injection sites, and therapies, such as methadone or naloxone, to treat opioid addiction. He thinks these treatments that are available now should remain the priority.
“Realistically, right now, especially in this epidemic, we really have to focus in making the treatment we know is scientifically effective and much more widely available. We can be excited that maybe one day we could see something like this [addiction vaccine], but unfortunately, I think, we're at least a decade away from seeing something like this in clinical practice.”
At this stage, most of the addiction vaccines in development are being tested only on animals. Crystal's cocaine vaccine is a bit further along, in the very earliest stages of human trials.
“To date, all of the data is on experimental animals, and humans are not just big mice. Until we complete the human studies, we're not going to know whether it really works. If it does work … then we have at least one therapy that can be used in the war against addiction,” he says.
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | Health News
Sepp Blatter indicated Thursday that he plans to take on FIFA, the global football body he used to run but which has now banned him.
“As new facts have appeared it's time to question the decision of the Fifa Ethics-Committee – my suspension of 6 years!” Blatter tweeted, adding hashtags for FIFA, for the Court of Arbitration in Sport, for the World Cup and for his successor as FIFA president, Gianni Infantino.
Blatter also sent out a press release saying: “My aim is to look into the decision of FIFA's Ethic-Committee in view of informations, and even evidences that I have received, in the meantime, in connection with my suspension.”
“We are working on this case – and looking forward for development,” he said in his statement, which added: “For the time being there is no legal action.”
Blatter, 81, resigned as president of FIFA in 2015 after 17 years in the job.
At the end of that year, following an investigation into a payment of 2 million Swiss Francs (1.8 million euros) to his former ally Michel Platini, FIFA banned Blatter from football for eight years, but later reduced the sentence to six years after he appealed. CAS then rejected Blatter's attempt to have the shorter ban overturned.
Blatter's suspension will not stop him attending the World Cup in Russia this summer at the invitation of Russian president Vladimir Putin
Blatter, who is Swiss, has not yet followed the lead of Platini and tried the civil courts. The Frenchman attempted to fight his own four-year suspension in the Swiss courts. After that failed Platini said, earlier this week, that he would try the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg.
What's the good news, you ask? The good news here at the ONO Ranch, gentle readers, is that I have had an abundance of rain. It took a while to get here but when it arrived it was a God send.
I have a couple of projects in the near future that I am excited about and again I want to give y'all a big THANK YOU for the calendars you purchased. They are in short supply at present but I will accommodate you until I run out.
There are some of you out there that will be harvesting your crops and a payday is in your future. There are calf crops to sell and the price for calves just off their momma is still pretty darn good.
Most of you got out of bed this morning with a few aches and pains if you are over 50, but blessed to be able to do so. Life for darn sure is worth more than just going through the motions.
“Pullquote text
One of our local television stations out of Denver did a recent survey to see how they could improve their viewership. "What would you like for us to do or change that would make us better?" they asked.
Recommended Stories For You
Over 90 percent of the folks that bothered to answer said, "GIVE US SOME GOOD NEWS instead of a steady diet of bad news.
They listened and low and behold I began to hear less and less of what a disgusting President we had. I began to hear more stories about how folks were just helping other folks regardless of age, income or their particular position in life. It sure made me feel better.
Two mornings ago a young man ran out into traffic on the interstate at five in the morning here in Wellington to commit suicide. Word is he was first hit by a car and then managed to find his way into the path of a semi. On a cold and rainy morning that guy was in a situation that made him want to end it all. Was it drugs, mental illness or just overbearing depression? Or all of the above?
I think that it is time for more good news and the type of news that warms the heart of all of us and aren't you just put out with all of the negativity every hour of every day?
I was waiting in line in our little post office this morning when a young woman came in with a 6-month-old little boy in his "basket."
She set him on the floor behind me and we made eye contact right away. That little "toot" shot me the biggest grin I have seen in a long while and man I melted. I made faces at him and he would look at me like, "so, what's your problem?" then he would give me another grin.
I just wanted to pick him up and love on him 'cause it's been a long time since I have held a small child in my arms to love on.
There is a lot of good news out there if we look for it. It could be down in the corral, in the grocery store, in your church pew or right there in your home with those you love. I know it's difficult to not want to jump into all of the bull crap that we come into contact with almost all day every day.
I held the door open for a sophisticated lookin' feller the other day at the post office and he was surprised that I had done that but was very complimentary.
I noticed when I backed my truck out of the parking lot he had a "feel the burn," Bernie Sanders bumper sticker on his big SUV! Just for a moment I was mad at myself for being such a gentleman but that quickly passed and I realized he was just like me but came from a different place with different views and I could probably have a cup of coffee with him and get along okay.
I said A CUP OF COFFEE! Enough said I reckon.
Stay tuned, check yer cinch on occasion, and realize that old age comes at a really bad time and if God wanted me to touch my toes, he would have put them on my knees. I'll c. y'all, all y'all.❖
AFP, BERLIN
Miko from Berlin might only be five, but he already has 1,000 euros (US$1,063) per month to live on — not from hard graft, but as part of an experiment into universal basic income (UBI).
He is one of 85 people, including about 10 children, chosen by start-up Mein Grundeinkommen (“My Basic Income”) to receive the payments for a year since 2014.
Founder Michael Bohmeyer has set out to prove to a skeptical public in Germany and further afield that the universal basic income idea is workable.
“Thanks to my first start-up, I got a regular income, my life became more creative and healthy. So I wanted to launch a social experiment,” 31-year-old Bohmeyer said.
He was not alone in wanting to test the idea, as about 55,000 donors have stumped up the cash for the payments in a crowdfunding model — with the final recipients picked out in a “wheel of fortune” event livestreamed online.
Mother Birgit Kaulfuss said little Miko “can't really understand, but for the whole family it was exhilarating” when he was chosen — offering a chance to live “in a more relaxed way” and take a first-ever family holiday.
“Everyone sleeps more soundly and no one became a layabout,” Bohmeyer said of his beneficiaries.
Recipients' experiences range from a welcome spell without financial worries to major turning points in their lives.
“Without day-to-day pressures, you can be more creative and try things out,” Valerie Rupp told public broadcaster ARD in an interview.
She was able both to take care of her baby and start a career as a decorator — even as her husband, newly arrived from Mali, was taking German lessons.
Winners have left jobs that were doing little more for them than put bread on the table to become teachers, taken time out to address chronic illness, broken alcohol addiction, taken care of loved ones, or paid for children's studies.
“It's at once a gift and a prompt” to make a change, said Astrid Lobeyer, who used the money to give eulogies at funerals and studied the therapeutic Alexander technique, a method for relieving stress in the muscles.
Bohmeyer's experiment has fascinated social media and boosted discussion about a universal income in Germany.
At the same time, Finland is testing the idea with 2,000 homeless recipients and the idea is a flagship policy for French Socialist presidential candidate Benoit Hamon.
In 2009, the German parliament flatly rejected a petition from about 50,000 Germans demanding a universal income.
Nevertheless, about 40 percent of the public still think it is a good idea, according to a survey conducted in June last year by pollster Emnid.
Supporters have formed a campaign group called Buendnis Grundeinkommen (“basic income federation”) with their sights on September's legislative elections, but so far no major party has taken up the cause.
There are pockets of support among left-wingers, the right, Catholic organizations and even industry leaders, whose reasoning ranges from fighting poverty to simplifying bureaucracy or smoothing the transition into the digital era.
Resistance to the idea is more focused, centering on how UBI would change people's relationship to work.
Right-wingers dismiss it as a “reward for laziness,” while the Social Democratic Party worried in 2006 about unemployed recipients being “labeled useless” rather than getting help to find jobs.
Getty Images
Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford may have to deal with some discomfort in his left knee, but he's hopeful he'll be able to play Monday night at Chicago.
Bradford was scheduled to practice for the second day in a row today, and seemed more confident after getting a second opinion.
“It feels much better this week compared to what it did two weeks ago when I was on the practice field,” Bradford said, via Ben Goessling of the Minneapolis Star Tribune.
He went to Florida last week to visit Dr. James Andrews, who did both the ACL repairs on his left knee in 2013 and 2014.
“Going down there and talking to Dr. Andrews, obviously, he's seen a million different knee injuries,” Bradford said. “He's dealt with people who have had multiple ACL tears, and some of the things they've dealt with after having those tears in their knees. After talking to him and getting a greater understanding of what was going on and what's going to happen in the future, I think it was definitely good news down there. It was comforting knowing that if things go according to plan, it should be something that eventually goes away.”
Bradford said it might take until their bye week (in early November), or longer to feel 100 percent, but he thinks he can play through it. He said he'd have a better idea tomorrow after going through back-to-back days of practice. The Vikings are 1-2 without him.
Steven Gerrar begins his new role as Rangers boss tomorrow
That's the verdict another ex-Red, John Aldridge, who believes Gerrard is the best to ever wear the Liverpool shirt.
The Champions League winner was coaching the Anfield outfit's under-18s side until Rangers came calling.
On Friday, Gerrard takes up his first managerial post as he starts his post as boss of Scottish Premier League giants.
He will have a tough task on his hands, taking on a Celtic side who have won consecutive domestic trebles.
But Aldridge is in no doubt that Gerrard, 38, will prove to be a success north of the border.
BUNGIE has more DLC incoming for Destiny 2 - here's everything we know about the future of Destiny 2 so far, including recent news from Bungie which suggests The Fallen Warmind expansion could be announced soon.
BUNGIE Destiny 2 DLC Release Date LEAKS: PS4, Xbox, PC Expansion news update from Bungie
DS
Destiny 2 - Forsaken DLC Announcement Destiny Developer Bungie has revealed Destiny 2's first big year-two expansion for its troubled FPS sequel. The next big DLC drop is called Forsaken and is due to launch on September 4. This new DLC won't be part of any previous Season Pass content you may have bought, and will require a separate purchase on top of the base game in order to access. You can read more about purchase options below. You will not be able to access Forsaken without access to Destiny 2 and expansions I and II. The DLC will introduce some massive changes to how Destiny 2 works, as well as introducing new modes, new missions and - of course - new gear. Bungie has stated that more work has gone into the endgame content of this DLC drop, in order to address players' biggest complaints about the title. For the purpose of this Destiny 2 Forsaken guide, we'll cover everything you need to know about the upcoming Activision game ahead of release. This shall include all the rumours about the game so far, as well as various development updates from the studio. Between now and its inevitable announcement, we'll continually update this page with all the latest news and information you need as it's revealed.
Destiny 2 March Go Fast update changes Destiny 2's Go Fast update makes the game faster and the weapons more powerful. 1 / 8
DS
Destiny 2 - Forsaken: What's Included? A new story focusing on The Reef and a team of Fallen Barons you must hunt down, in any order you choose
focusing on The Reef and a team of Fallen Barons you must hunt down, in any order you choose The Tangled Shore - a new Patrol destination
destination Gambit , a new mode PvE x PvP mode
, a new mode PvE x PvP mode A new Raid that will take place in a new end-game zone called The Dreaming City
that will take place in a new end-game zone called The Dreaming City 9 new Supers - one per subclass
New weapon type - the Bow and Arrow - as well as the usual new additions to gear
- as well as the usual new additions to gear Revisions to weapon stats, rarity and how rolls/re-rolls work
to weapon stats, rarity and how rolls/re-rolls work Refreshed UI
DLC updates that operate in a different way to Year One
DS
Destiny 2 Forsaken - What is it? Here's a brief overview of the story, as per Bungie: Following years of strife, what remains of the Reef has fallen to lawlessness. You and Cayde-6 are sent to personally investigate the recent unrest. Upon arrival, you soon discover the most-wanted criminals in the Prison of Elders have organized an escape. Beyond the Vanguard's authority, you'll pursue these fugitives deep into the Reef. Explore new regions, awaken new powers, earn powerful weapons, and uncover long-lost Awoken secrets. The hunt is on. Alongside seasonal updates and live events available to every Destiny 2 player, Forsaken Annual Pass provides bonus rewards and introduces three premium content releases (anticipated in Winter 2018, Spring 2019, and Summer 2019). FEATURES Hunt Down the 8 Barons and their Crew
Two New Destinations: The Tangled Shore and The Dreaming City
A Brand-New Raid
Introducing Gambit, a 4v4 Competitive PvE Mode
Wield New Powers with Nine Additional Supers
Collect New Exotic Weapons, Armor, and Gear
All-New Weapon Archetype, Legendary Bow
New Story Missions, Adventures, Destination Activities, and more
DS
Destiny 2 - Forsaken: How much will it cost? Destiny 2: Forsaken will be available from UK retailers, with the product line-up also featuring; Destiny 2: Forsaken + Annual Pass, and the Destiny 2: Forsaken - Digital Deluxe Edition. It was also announced that PlayStation gamers will get access to the following timed exclusive content: a strike, one gear set per class, a new ship and an exotic weapon. At Destiny 2: Forsaken's launch, the previously released Destiny 2 launch timed exclusives will be made available for all platforms. For Destiny 2, Bungie will also be implementing a brand new “Annual Pass”, similar to that of Fortnite's Battle Pass, giving players year-long access to endgame content that isn't attached to the larger expansions. The Annual Pass will give Guardians access to the new weapons, areas, and raids from three ‘substantial additions to the game' that Bungie has planned, and will cost extra on top of the Forsaken expansion. Forsaken and the Annual Pass will retail for $70 - or $40 for just the Annual Pass. Destiny 2: Forsaken will be available from UK retailers, with the product line-up also featuring; Destiny 2: Forsaken + Annual Pass, and the Destiny 2: Forsaken - Digital Deluxe Edition. It was also announced that PlayStation gamers will get access to the following timed exclusive content: a strike, one gear set per class, a new ship and an exotic weapon. At Destiny 2: Forsaken's launch, the previously released Destiny 2 launch timed exclusives will be made available for all platforms. For Destiny 2, Bungie will also be implementing a brand new “Annual Pass”, similar to that of Fortnite's Battle Pass, giving players year-long access to endgame content that isn't attached to the larger expansions. The Annual Pass will give Guardians access to the new weapons, areas, and raids from three ‘substantial additions to the game' that Bungie has planned, and will cost extra on top of the Forsaken expansion. Forsaken and the Annual Pass will retail for $70 - or $40 for just the Annual Pass.
22 AMAZING PS4, Xbox and Nintendo Switch games for 2018 and beyond Take a look at 22 of the biggest and best looking new games coming to PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo Switch in 2018 and beyond. 1 / 22 SONY Spider-Man
DS
SINGAPORE: Students planning to enrol in the polytechnics and Institute of Technical Education (ITE) next year will see tuition fees go up.
The increase in tuition fees will be larger for permanent residents and foreigners, compared with Singapore citizens, the schools announced on their websites on Monday (Dec 11).
These revised fees apply only to the new batch of students joining the schools in the 2018 academic year. The polytechnics' term starts in April, while ITE has two intakes in January and April.
Singapore citizens looking to join the five polytechnics next year will pay an annual tuition fee of S$2,800, up from S$2,700 last year.
For permanent residents (PRs), fees will go up to S$5,600 from S$5,400, while tuition fees for international students will go up to S$10,000 from S$9,600.
The five polytechnics schools include Nanyang Polytechnic, Ngee Ann Polytechnic, Republic Polytechnic, Singapore Polytechnic and Temasek Polytechnic.
Advertisement
Advertisement
For the ITE, fees for full-time Nitec courses will go up to S$406 for Singaporeans, while PRs will pay S$5,023 and international students will foot S$13,482. These include fees such as the registration fee, supplementary fees and examination fees.
Singaporean citizen students who joined ITE this year paid S$386 in school fees, while PRs paid S$4,719 and international students paid S$12,582.
Tuition fees remain unchanged for higher Nitec courses.
A pilot sustained injuries after a jet belonging to the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) was involved in a mishap in Kaduna state on Monday.
Olatokunbo Adesanya, spokesman of the force, who confirmed this, explained that a student pilot forced-landed the aircraft – a Diamond 40 trainer – on the outskirts of Kaduna while on a solo mission as part of flying training at the 401 Flying Training School, Kaduna.
Diamond 40 is a one-person seater training aircraft used for the training of air force personnel.
“The incident, which took place today, March 19, 2018, was as a result of an airborne emergency that could not enable the pilot fly the aircraft back to the base,” he said in a statement.
“He, therefore, force-landed the aircraft but with minimal damage to it. However, the student pilot, who was the only one on board, suffered minor injuries and is already receiving treatment at the 461 Nigerian Air Force Hospital, Kaduna.
“The Chief of the Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, has immediately directed the constitution of a board of inquiry to determine the exact cause of the incident while efforts are ongoing to recover the aircraft.”
By Lauly Li / Staff reporter
Hon Hai Precision Industry Co (鴻海精密) yesterday announced that it might spend NT$10 billion (US$342 million) over the next five years on artificial intelligence (AI) talent cultivation and technology development in Taiwan, in a bid to localize the development of AI applications in its industrial Internet-focused operations.
“[NT]$10 billion is the minimum investment in Taiwan. I am willing to spend US$10 billion here if it is what it takes to grow more AI applications in ‘smart' manufacturing locally,” company chairman Terry Gou (郭台銘) told a news conference at the company's headquarters in New Taipei City's Tucheng District (土城).
Hundreds of the company's employees also attended the announcement.
Gou said Hon Hai would financially support its employees to go abroad and pursue advanced studies in the field of AI.
“Take your family to MIT [the Massachusetts Institute of Technology] or the University of Tokyo. We will fully support your expenses,” he said.
Hon Hai is to open its manufacturing bases around the world to Taiwanese academics, start-ups and individuals to experiment with their AI applications and jointly explore the possibility of AI uses in the industrial Internet era, Gou said.
“I am calling on talent in Taiwan: Hon Hai can be a place where you can develop AI technologies,” Gou said.
Company executive vice president Lu Fang-ming (呂芳銘) said Hon Hai has been collecting a wide range of data from its manufacturing bases around the world for more than five years, which includes data on product design, supply chains, production and logistics.
The company has used the critical data and cloud-computing infrastructure, as well as developed AI solutions, to increase its production efficiency, with five plants that run around the clock without lights launched in China last year, Lu said.
Hon Hai plans to recruit at least 100 AI talents in Taiwan in the first phase of its project to push efforts in industrial Internet-driven technologies, Lu said.
The company is to set up industrial Internet-focused AI labs in Taipei and Kaohsiung, and then expand to Shenzhen, Shanghai, Nanjing and Beijing in China, he said.
The company also plans to establish AI labs in Japan and the US, he added.
The company has more than 10 high-performance computing (HPC) facilities in several cities worldwide, including Kaohsiung, Tokyo, Osaka, Japan, and Prague, as well as Wisconsin and San Diego in the US, Gou said.
The firm's global HPC network is to be a key platform to connect and share industrial data and AI solutions, which the company would open to small and medium-sized enterprises, Gou said.
Advertisement
The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) has urged Nigerians to see smuggling as a crime and support it to succeed in the war against smugglers.
Mr Joseph Attah, Public Relations Officer of the Service, made the appeal on Monday in Abuja.
He said that the service anti-smuggling strategy was yielding positive dividend, adding that in the past three months, the service had seized 136,506 bags of rice.
“All Nigerians should see smuggling as a crime so that they will support the service to succeed in our ongoing war against smugglers.
“Seeing smuggling as a crime means that you will be willing to give creditable information that will help us succeed.
“As villagers that live around borderline, they should be willing to support customs officers whenever they make seizures and they are encountering some difficulties, rather than supporting the smugglers against customs
”In Nigeria when a thief is arrested or an armed robber is arrested, you hardly get to see people going to beg for them.
Advertisement
“But today when a smuggler is arrested you see Nigerians, including some respected ones in our society, coming to beg for such persons to be released because they don't see smuggling as a crime; they see it as a trade,'' Attah said.
He said that some Nigerians often times accused the NCS of not doing enough in its service delivery, adding that it was wrong for people to think that a smuggler could only be successful when supported in active connivance by customs officers.
According to him, smugglers now take advantage of the porous borders, adding that oftentimes they are supported by villagers at the borderline and unpatriotic well to do individuals in carrying out their smuggling activities.
”NCS cannot 100 percent vouch for its officers like any other human organisation; it is totally wrong to suggest that every criminal activity must be with the connivance of an operative,” he added.
Attah said that the service would remain focused on its statutory function of enforcing government policies rather than being distracted by the blame game.
”In our continuous efforts to suppress smuggling, information, suggestions that can help the service to perform better are welcome from well meaning individuals or organisation.”
It was always predictable that, given his notoriety on that score, it was a matter of time for former President Olusegun Obasanjo to resume his pastime of undermining his military and civilian successors, by making President Muhammadu Buhari his latest victim.
Amusingly, the rabble Obasanjo rouses on such occasions has dignified his deplorable tactics as a sort of distinction. If only they could critically dissect the man. There is this latent personality complex of striving never to be outshone or exceeded by any Nigerian living or dead. Hence, at the slightest prospect of being threatened, Obasanjo comes charging.
￼Obasanjo's dismissal of Buhari's performance is a vivid example. On the alert that African Union was to honour the Nigerian President as the Champion of Anti-Corruption in Africa the following day, Obasanjo came out with his diatribe in the mistaken belief that the great honour for Buhari and, indeed, Nigeria would be diminished if not rubbished by his comments. Unfortunately for him, African Union sustained its honour on Nigeria, much to the credit of Muhammadu Buhari as the President under whose tenure Nigeria became rebranded, to the envy of Obasanjo.
Every timing and content of Obasanjo's verbal assault on his military and civilian successors is noteworthy for exposing Obasanjo's self-exaggeration and case study in hypocrisy. He is on record in some of his books as rating himself above every Nigerian (civilian or military), who ever served at high level – Nnamdi Azikiwe, Obafemi Awolowo, Aminu Kano, Waziri Ibrahim, General Yakubu Gowon, Brigadier Benjamin Adekunle, General Alani Akinrinade, General Alabi Isama, General Buhari, General Ibrahim Babangida (IBB), General Sani Abacha (as military rulers), former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, President Umaru Yar'Adua, President Goodluck Jonathan and, now, President Buhari. General Abdulsalami Abubakar escaped Obasanjo's bad tongue only because he released him (Obasanjo) from jail and heeded northern Generals who imposed Obasanjo on Nigeria as an elected President. Obasanjo kept off IBB since the day the former military President, in a rejoinder to Obasanjo, openly served him notice that “Henceforth, it will be fired for fire.” Obasanjo got the coded message.
Very disturbingly and unknown to Nigerians is the fact that, contrary to the impression that Obasanjo, in his criticisms, is motivated by public service or altruism, he goes to town specifically when he fails to run the show from outside for an incumbent head of government or get appointments for his cronies. Former President Jonathan conceded, almost virtual running of his government to Obasanjo up to the time a memo written by Obasanjo recommending removal of six appointees from federal boards, to be replaced by six of his cronies, got leaked to Nigerian Tribune newspaper. Obasanjo initially denied authorship of the memo. Somehow, Nigeria Police foolishly arraigned Nigeria Tribune and its reporter for alleged sedition. Nigerian Tribune then had to republish the memo with Obasanjo's full signature. That was the end of the matter, as the police had to withdraw the charges till today.
In the current anti-Buhari misadventure by Obasanjo, how many Nigerians took notice that, amid the euphoria on Buhari's victory, Obasanjo, in his arrogance of Mr. Know All, dispatched two volumes of policies President Buhari must implement during his current tenure? Who was elected President of Nigeria in 2015? Buhari or Obasanjo? Obasanjo's major weakness of feeling superior to everybody is the cause of his running down contemporaries. Apparently, Buhari kept Obasanjo's policies in the shelf, a derision, which embittered Obasanjo. Hence his frustration. “I said it from the beginning that Buhari is not strong on economy.” Who then displays his Ph.D in Economics? Obasanjo. Here was a man, so arrogant and power-drunk that he openly dismissed the advisers he had just sworn in that as much as they might advise, he, President Obasanjo, was not bound to take their advice. The same man imposing total policy directive on a President yet to be sworn in.
The same deplorable tactics by Obasanjo did not work on late President Yar'Adua, not the least because he rejected Obasanjo's attempt to run the government for him, but he also cancelled Obasanjo's hurried investment of a whopping half a billion dollars in African Finance Corporation a fortnight before handing over to Yar'Adua. That investment was without the approval of the National Assembly. The late President Yar'Adua also queried an expenditure of $16 billion by Obasanjo's administration purportedly on power supply with, according to Yar'Adua, “…nothing to show for it.” It is a question of character and hypocrisy. Who ever ran Obasanjo's administrations for him? Who ever nominated public office holders for Obasanjo throughout his tenure? Who imposed policies on Obasanjo? Indeed, on his first day in office in 1999, Obasanjo expressed thanks to all those who helped him but instantly requested all of them to keep away. If so, why must he aim to run government for others?
Former President Obasanjo is the cheapest critic in Nigeria as he merely echoes claims of the innocent public. Obasanjo was not bold enough to specify Lawal Musa Daura (DG, Department of State Services) and Mamman Daura, a veteran journalist, as the major focus of the charge of nepotism against Buhari. Admittedly, Mamman Daura is a nephew, but Lawal Daura (DG, DSS), might just be Buhari's townsman. Is that, therefore, peculiar to President Buhari or Nigeria or even Africa? What, anyway, was the record under Obasanjo or former President Goodluck Jonathan? During Obasanjo's tenure, his daughter, Iyabo Obasanjo Bello, was Ogun State commissioner for health. Iyabo was also elected senator from Ogun Central, her father's constituency. Above all, only the collapse of Obasanjo's third term agenda cost his daughter the governorship of Ogun State for which she specially formed the Iyaniwura Foundation. Most remarkably, Obasanjo removed the serving Director-General of DSS to make way for Ogun State and fellow Egba, Colonel Kayode Are (retd). Obasanjo, therefore, owes Nigerians the difference between him and President Buhari, a task which should have been performed the very minute today's journalists collected Obasanjo's infamous letter.
Former President Jonathan similarly removed the Director-General of DSS he inherited and replaced him with his South South fellow indigene, Ita Ekpenyong. Why was there no complaint of nepotism? Much is being made of the influence Mamman Daura wields inside Aso Rock. A nephew of President Buhari? So what? At least, Mamman Daura is a Nigerian, who (whatever his blood ties with Buhari) has a constitutional right to serve in any government of this country. Who did Obasanjo import to wield influence on his administration for eight years? A former Mayor of Atlanta, Georgia in the United States. An American inside the innermost chamber of Nigerian government? Would a Nigerian have been ever-privileged to access similar level of governance in the United States? Still under Obasanjo, a lavish marriage for another American acquaintance was celebrated inside Aso Rock. If such waste of Nigeria's resources were to take place in Aso Rock for Buhari's foreign acquaintance today, Obasanjo would have led the criticisms.
Allegation of nepotism in today's politics? Only hypocrites, opportunists, the mischievous and the ignorant feed fat on such meal, all in the fraud of championing public morality.
In the United States, seeming nepotism is mere routine for an incumbent President. The 1960 episode of the much-loved John Kennedy appointing his immediate younger brother, Robert Kennedy, as attorney-general may be too far behind. Today, President Donald Trump has around him in the White House wielding great influence daughter, as special adviser, and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, designated as special adviser but virtually more powerful on all Middle East matters than Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson. Before making mince meat of Donald Trump, let it be known that Trump merely followed his predecessors, like Bill Clinton, who appointed his wife, Hilary Clinton, as head of a health review task force. The appointment was legally challenged but the court ruled the appointment was no nepotism. Under President George Bush Junior's administration, Secretary of State Colin Powell's son, Michael Powell, was appointed Chairman of Federal Electoral Commission. Nepotism? Obasanjo and co-travellers should read Adam Bellow's book, In Praise of Nepotism Presidency.
A major achievement of President Buhari is that he has restored civility and harmony to the Presidency, such that Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, himself a loyal and contented human being, was publicly appreciated by Buhari as “my brother.” Nigerians have not been treated to the crude illegality of manipulation of the Constitution in a futile attempt to humiliate an innocent man out of office. Obasanjo made allegation of financial crime of round tripping against unspecified members of Buhari's administration. That can't be true. If, however, he has the facts, Obasanjo has the duty to convey such to the EFCC Chairman.
Lest we forget, pace of governance is inexcusably (repeat, inexcusably) slow. It should never again take seven months to announce, screen and swear in ministers. Equally the eventual dismissal of a doubly indicted SGF (by the Senate and Vice-President Osinbajo review committee) should not have been triggered only by the Maina controversy. Such slow pace or vacillation throws Buhari into avoidable frying pan of controversy
Should Buhari contest in 2019? That is his personal decision. Elections as well as the performances of a leader all over the world are determined by the electorate, who, in Nigeria's case, run into multiple scores of millions. One man, in his arrogance, must not be allowed to appropriate such voting power to himself. Elections are either won or lost. When a man, who, towards the end of an eight-year term, plotted to rule for life (a treasonous offence) now arrogates to himself the moral of determining the political fate of a fellow citizen, we shouldn't take him seriously. Buhari or Jonathan? There is no regret for Jonathan's exit, in view of scandalous revelations. I endorsed Buhari since 2002 for the yeoman's job, which he commenced less than three years ago. I am satisfied.
– Onabule was the former editor of National Concord and chief press secretary to General Ibrahim Babangida. He is now the Chairman of the NTA Board
MORGAN Freeman was allegedly having a secret sexual relationship with his murdered step-granddaughter, it has been claimed in court.
GETTY CLAIMS: But both Freeman and his late step-granddaughter denied rumours of an affair
E'Dena Hines, 33, reportedly told boyfriend Lamar Davenport she had been sleeping with the Shawshank Redemption actor, 80 his defence lawyers have claimed. The shock accusation against the Hollywood actor emerged as Davenport stands trial for Hines' killing. Defence lawyers have reportedly produced text messages from Hines to Davenport which they claim reference the alleged affair.
GETTY TRIAL: Lamar Davenport is accused of killing E'Dena Hines
She is said to confided in him just weeks before she was brutally hacked to death in August 2015 outside her flat in New York City. According to the New York Post, lawyer Beth Unger told a judge on Friday: “E'Dena Hines disclosed to Lamar Davenport and others that her grandfather engaged in a sexually inappropriate relationship with her.” Freeman – famed for his Oscar-winning roles in Million Dollar Baby and Invictus – adopted Hines' biological mum, Deena Adair, during his first marriage to Jeanete Adair-Bradshaw.
GETTY CRIME SCENE: Outside E'Dena Hines' home where she was brutally murdered
“E'Dena Hines disclosed to Lamar Davenport and others that her grandfather engaged in a sexually inappropriate relationship with her.” Lawyer Beth Unger The Seven star and Hines had been previously forcefully denied rumours they were having an alleged affair since 2009, amid gossip they were planning to wed. Both insisted the claims were “completely false”. Freeman said in a statement in 2012: “The recent reports of any pending marriage or romantic relationship of me to anyone are defamatory fabrications from the tabloid media designed to sell papers.” And Hines said in a separate statement: “These stories about me and my grandfather are not only untrue, they are also hurtful to me and my family.”
GETTY LEGEND: Freeman with Shawshank co-star Tim Robbins
The greatest ever prison escapes From scaling a prison wall, to Shawshank Redemption style tunneling, here are some of the world's greatest ever prison escapes. 1 / 31 Popperfoto/Getty Images Infamous Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs escaped from Wandworth prison in 1965 and lived as a fugitive for more than 36 years, he returned to the UK in 2001 where he was arrested on arrival
Hungary is not planning to move its Israeli Embassy to Jerusalem, Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Monday, adding that the government's Middle East policy was unchanged.
BUDAPEST: Hungary is not planning to move its Israeli Embassy to Jerusalem, Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Monday, adding that the government's Middle East policy was unchanged.
"This (option) has not come up," Orban told reporters in response to a question in parliament according to an audio recording of his remarks published on the website of private broadcaster HirTV.
"Hungary sees no reason to change its Middle East policy," Orban said. "We will continue with the balanced politics we have been pursuing." He did not elaborate.
On Friday Hungary blocked a statement planned by all EU 28 governments in response to Trump's announcement and the Foreign Ministry said Hungary was in favour of a negotiated solution in the Middle East.
(Reporting by Gergely Szakacs; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
New hotel. New movie. New looks. The new hotel, West 56th's Whitby, an offspring of downtown's Crosby Street Hotel, screened the new movie “Norman.”
The new looks? Richard Gere plays a schloomp. Steve Buscemi, who's Italian, plays a rabbi. And Hank Azaria, soon seen as Frank DiPascali, Madoff's chief financial officer in “The Wizard of Lies,” now playing a New York schlepper.
Gere: “My character falls under that Jewish word hondler. Used a lot on New York streets, it means fast-talking guy who makes deals. A wheeler-dealer.”
What's Buddhist Gere know from wheeler-dealer hondlers?
“Please. I've lived here. I worked in theater. My first job I earned $27 a week. How can you not know about a New York City Jewish hondler. The script blew my socks off. Like Rosencrantz and Guildenstern become their own special characters in ‘Hamlet,' it's the same with my character, who's unique.”
Sipping from a water bottle, those silver-haired good looks and eyeglasses peered at me as he said: “Makeup worked to change my face a little. Redid eyebrows. Stuck out my ears.”
Buscemi: “I have Jewish friends. And I researched with Rabbi Mintz to hear his comments, what his calling means to him, how he's different things to different people. Not holier than thou. Rabbi, shmabbi, he's just a person like the rest of us.
“We shot a lot on the Upper West Side. New Yorkers don't care. They've seen enough filmmaking here. They just keep on walking. Don't even stare at the cameras.
“Me, I'm spoiled. Studios send me screeners, so now I don't even have to go out to see a movie.”
Azaria: “Being a 100 percent Sephardic Jew, I love this part. I play a nooj. A pest. Big heart, well-intentioned mensch, an old-school type right out of a shtetl trying to find himself. It's how those oldies — a con artist, shyster, a huckster — operated for centuries.
“They're like characters in the stories of Tevye, Sholem Aleichem, Isaac Bashevis Singer. It's called hondling.
“For the Madoff movie, I interviewed the FBI guy. But for this one? Please. I love this town's Upper West Side. I know these people.”
Please pay attention
Last week, Palace Theatre, the middle of “Sunset Boulevard,” the audience gave Glenn Close a standing ovation…
And off-B'way's “Shear Madness” plugged me onstage. I didn't even get a sitting ovation…
Thursday is CBS-TV's two-hour special of Phil Keoghan's “The Amazing Race.” Plus screening his film “Le Ride.” Keoghan re-created the 1928 Tour de France on a 1920s-era bicycle. He should get a biking ovation…
Brooklyn steakhouse legend Peter Luger's great-nephew Robert Dickert's new head chef at Central Park South's newly opened Bobby Van's Steakhouse.
Thread bare
A 1969 typed letter. A big-time editor to his VP with a CC to the magazine's president. Headed “Dress Standards”: “[Name deleted] purchased a pants-suit. Fine for wear outside business hours, but not appropriate attire for work.
“The manner in which she dresses is an influencing factor on the balance of our female employees — should she report for work dressed in a pants-suit, our female employees will consider this as a go-ahead for them to follow in her footsteps.
“Tactfully refresh her memory on acceptable office attire.”
Today's wardrobe of shorts and visible bra straps would probably get his lady staffers solitary.
Easter evening. Cranky woman: “You know what 7-foot basketball players do on holidays? Go to the movies and sit right in front of you.”
Only in New York, kids, only in New York.
JL Higgs examines flip-side of fairy tales in humorous fiction book
Since its inception, the classic tale of Cinderella has portrayed the princess's stepmother as the villain of the story. However, in “Ella,” the debut novel by author JL Higgs, readers get an alternate look into the world of this classic fairy tale.
The book opens with Sylvia Stark, celebrity news reporter with ABC News. Stark, tired of mundane celebrity reporting, sets out to learn the truth about Cinderella's “wicked” stepmother, Charlotte. Readers will follow Stark on her journey to uncover the truth about Charlotte, a wicked guardian who turns out to not be so “wicked” after all.
Higgs wrote “Ella” after experiencing firsthand the hardships that come with forming a relationship with her stepchildren. Being dubbed the “wicked stepmother” by her children, Higgs found it easy to relate to Cinderella's stepmother.
“I wrote this book to encourage myself as well as others who are in difficult family relationships,” Higgs said. “I was the ‘wicked' stepmother for years until recently, when my children suddenly realized I wasn't so wicked.”
“Ella” gives readers an inside look at the into the world of Cinderella from the stepmother's point of view.
“Ella””
By JL Higgs
ISBN: hardback 978-1-5043-0369-9 (hardback); 978-1-50430-370-5 (electronic)
Available at the Balboa Press, Barnes & Noble, and Amazon
About the author
JL Higgs was born in Tampa, Fla., where she spent her childhood years before moving to Australia. Higgs currently resides in Werribee, Victoria, with her husband and is currently working on her second book, “Stepmothers Unite.” To learn more about the author, please visit her website here.
###
Review Copies & Interview Requests:
LAVIDGE – Phoenix
Danielle Grobmeier
480-998-2600 x 614
dgrobmeier(at)lavidge(dot)com
General Inquiries:
LAVIDGE – Phoenix
Chris Peña
480-998-2600 x 519
cpena(at)lavidge(dot)com
For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/12/prweb13951064.htm
Tattered and torn does not cut it with a twelve year old from Moline. Liam Willcox is a modern day "patriot." He is on a mission to replace old with new.
When Liam sees an American Flag that's worn out, he makes it a point to take it down with the owner's permission. With help from his mom and brothers, Willcox identifies flags in need of some tender loving care.
Local businesses and the VFW have donated new flags, applauding what "Likeable Liam" is doing.
Recently, he stopped by at Geri Heitz's home in East Moline. She was thrilled by the kindness of a young man who raised a new flag in place of one that was damaged in a storm.
Liam pays tribute to the military men and women who fight and fought for our freedom. He plans to continue his noble effort, and is also learning about the proper way to retire the torn out flags. Three cheers for the red, white, and blue, and the kid patriot from Moline!
Women's Marches and white feminism
Posted by Colleen Dehais on February 15, 2017 · Leave a Comment
Femininity, in all its forms, is undoubtedly undervalued. For this reason, all displays or expressions of femininity are an adamant and powerful form of social disobedience. Still, the Women's Marches were not overwhelmingly defiant or angry responses to the lack of autonomy and power that feminine-identifying individuals have in this oppressive patriarchal society. Instead, the tone of these gatherings were celebratory. The purpose of these marches seemed to be uplifting feminine identities on the basis of their being white and cisgender.
Altogether too often, the assertion of femininity by white, cisgender individuals is based in white supremacy and transphobia. These expressions of identity are invalidating to many marginalized communities – trans people and people of color have long been rejected by society because their bodies do not fit the norms of being cisgender and/or white. The gender binary, an invention of European origin, has long enforced whiteness as the norm along with other standards of beauty dictated by men, thereby marking deviant feminine bodies as other, even as disgusting.
These marches were particularly upsetting given the current state of affairs in this country and beyond. The Black community, for example, has been powerfully protesting racial violence since the era of slavery in the United States. These Women's Marches did not express distress about the rates at which transgender people and people of color are murdered in this country; instead, they were about camaraderie between people whose genitals match up with the extremely popular pink pussyhats, a symbol that is representative neither of womanhood nor femininity. To define having a pink vagina as a prerequisite for being a woman is to invalidate the many trans women who do not necessarily have vaginas and the many women of color whose genitals are not pink.
To be certain, the general sentiment of “fascism is vaguely bad” that is extraordinarily common amongst white folks is being heard over the death cries of trans people and people of color in this country. This is not to say that many or even most of these white liberals were not well-intentioned; Trump and the atmosphere of conservative, misogynistic politics in general are a remarkable threat to the bodily autonomy of white, cisgender women among many other groups. Access to abortion, for example, has already been directly targeted by the new administration. But the violence against other marginalized groups is so blatantly ignored by the mass media, politicians and most society that it seems unfair for white cis women to center themselves, especially when they do not even use their voices to fight for their own rights.
White, cis women holding tight to a type of femininity that centers whiteness and being born into a particular type of body with a vagina makes it so that people of color, trans people and people who identify as a part of both communities find it continuously impossible to be accepted and valued by society. In order to break this form of oppression, it is critical that we expand our definitions of femininity and beauty to include people of all types who desire to exude gentleness, compassion and sensitivity. After all, in order for our societies to become less violent and more free, we undoubtedly need more of all of those things.
Colleen Dehais is a Collegian columnist and can be reached at cdehais@umass.edu.
Tuesday's shutout loss to Merrimack represents another example of the hardships the UMass hockey team has fought through
Posted by Ryan Ames on February 15, 2017 · Leave a Comment
If something can go wrong with the Massachusetts hockey team this season, it usually does.
On Tuesday night at Mullins Center, the same unlucky breaks plagued UMass (5-24-2, 2-16-1 Hockey East Association) in its 3-0 shutout loss to Merrimack.
Before the game even got underway, the Minutemen were without one of their top offensive producers since senior Ray Pigozzi was ineligible to play due to a one-game suspension handed down by Hockey East. Then, 17:19 into the game, sophomore Austin Plevy was assessed a game misconduct which took him out of the contest, forcing UMass to play without another one of their goal-scoring catalysts. Mid-way through the third period, captain Steven Iacobellis looked to have broken through with a goal, however it was waived off for goalie interference, thus completing the trifecta of bad luck for the Minutemen.
As has been the case for quite some time now, nothing seems to be going UMass' way after yet another loss –its 12th straight- and Minutemen coach Greg Carvel feels these tough times are simply another building block on the path to success.
“I feel strongly that's part of our process here,” Carvel said. “Let's deal with it, let's get mad about it, let's dig deeper”.
However, Carvel did admit that certain breaks, whether it be with the referees or throughout the game, seem to be piling up against UMass.
“Yeah it's kind of going that direction,” Carvel said. “Things are kind of stacked against us, not just the opponents, it seems to be more than that right now.”
The Minutemen were shutout for the third time this season (the other two coming against Notre Dame and American International), and only managed 22 shots on the Warriors (12-13-5, 6-7-5 HEA) goaltender Collin Delia.
The power play unit for UMass had another woeful performance going 0-for-2 managing zero shots, and the penalty-kill wasn't much better finishing 1-for-5, surrendering 11 combined shots on those chances.
“They clogged up the middle pretty good, played the body and played [us] tight,” Iacobellis said regarding what Merrimack did to limit their offensive pressure. “It was just finding a way to get in there and get in front of the net.”
Undeterred by the ill-fated results and bad breaks, and also staying consistent with his overall message this year, Carvel was happy with his teams' fight in this one.
“Credit to our guys, they play hard the whole game and they don't stop,” Carvel said. “I thought in the third period we finally started winning more battles, moving the puck better, and getting more time in the offensive zone. If that goal had stood halfway through the third period, then maybe we would have found a way to get back into the game and find a way to tie it somehow.”
Ryan Ames can be reached at rames@umass.edu or on Twitter @_RyanAmes.
British holidaymakers are returning to Turkey and package holiday bookings to Turkey are currently up 84 percent year-on-year, Thomas Cook, one of the world's largest U.K.-based travel agencies, reported. "Package holiday bookings to Turkey are currently up 84 percent year-on-year while Egypt bookings have increased by 89 percent year-on-year," according to Thomas Cook's 2018 Holiday Report. "Turkey's growth is being driven by families who make up 61 percent of package bookings for this summer," the report said.
"Egypt is similarly popular with over half (51 percent) of overall bookings coming from families," the report added. "So far this summer, Turkey is the standout destination for British holidaymakers and we are seeing substantial growth in bookings compared to last year. With just one week to go until the summer holiday season officially begins, Egypt and Tunisia are also selling well with price and quality driving a return to these much-loved destinations," said Chris Mottershead, managing director for Thomas Cook, U.K.
Based on summer 2018 bookings to date, Spain comes out on top for the second year running.
"Turkey is at number three but is, in fact, currently outselling mainland Spain and the Canary Islands combined," according to the report.
The top five destinations for summer 2018 is listed as Spain (mainland Spain, the Balearics and the Canary Islands), Greece, Turkey, the U.S. and the Caribbean.Meanwhile, Turkish Travel Agencies Association (TÜRSAB) data revealed that some 2.5 million British tourists traveled to Turkey in 2015. That figure declined to 1.71 million in 2016 and to around 1,66 million in 2017.
Previously, the Association of British Travel Agents (ABTA) said after two challenging years, the Turkish tourism sector was on the rise again with this remarkable increase in bookings for summer 2018. It predicted that bookings for Turkey may even equal that of 2015.
"It is no surprise that British tourists are returning to Turkey, as holidaymakers have a vacation worth their money in beautiful facilities," it had said in a statement.Moreover, foreign tour operators in the country such as Öger Tours and German tour operator FTI Group recently said there has been a high demand for early reservations in the first months of this year. Explaining that they were pleased with the current demand and hotel reservation figures, the operators said Turkey offers an unbeatable price-performance ratio.
They also said this positive trend has also continued in April and will likely continue in the future.
After seeing a sharp decline in the number of visitors to Turkey for tourism in 2016, a year that included a series of terror attacks and a failed coup attempt, the tourism industry saw a recovery in 2017.
It had experienced a drop in the number of tourists which began with a Daesh suicide bombing that killed 12 German citizens and injured 16 others in Istanbul's Sultanahmet area in 2016.
Turkey has been fighting not only against terrorism, but has also been subjected to an anti-Turkey smear campaign carried out by the Western media.
Meanwhile, the Turkish Statistical Institute (TurkStat) has confirmed that the country's tourism revenue rose by more than 18.9 percent in 2017 as it hit $26.3 billion from $22.1 billion in the previous year.While the country hosted 36.8 million foreign tourists in 2014 and 36.3 million in 2015, the figure fell sharply to 25.3 million in 2016 but rose again to 32.4 million last year, according to the national statistical body.
ISTANBUL / DAILY SABAH WITH AA
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – Since kicking off the “Give Kids A Smile,” program the University at Buffalo has treated nearly 10 thousand kids from our area, providing free dental care one day a year.
It's a part of a national effort to teach children good dental health habits while they're young to avoid major oral health problems later in life.
Among the several hundred volunteers who keep the day running smoothly is Dr. Mary Beth Dunn. She said, “We're seeing many many cavities were seeing underprivileged children that may not be able to afford dental care.”
It's a quick turnaround to make over these smiles. They see everyone from age 2 to 18.
For the younger patients, it's about making them feel comfortable with a dental visit and encouraging them to adopt good dental health habits at an early age, preventing major problems later.
Dr. Stephen Abel, Associate Dean for the UB School of Dental Medicine said, “I want them to be here in six months from now, too.”
The event is held alongside the national “day” held every February.
Dr. Abel says he hopes these families find a permanent dental home.
The program, which is held on the first Friday of February, is supported by hundreds of volunteers, including UB dental school faculty, staff and students, as well as private dentists and their staff who are donating their time to provide care.
The program is part of the school's celebration of National Children's Dental Health Month.
The Auditor-General on Friday reminded all public office holders of their responsibility to declare their assets and liabilities in accordance with Article 286 of the 1992 Constitution.
This was in a statement signed by Reverend Joseph Kingsley Ghunney, the Director of Public Affairs, Audit Service of Ghana and copied to the Ghana News Agency in Accra.
The statement said “public officers are to take notice that the contents of Assets and Liabilities Declaration form shall be verified by the Auditor-General or his representative upon submission.
It said declarants are to submit their declarations in person and are also requested to bring along a nationally accepted identification card such as passport or driver's licence, which bear signature of the declarant to facilitate the verification.
Source: GNA
When your canvas wiggles, kiss it
SHERIDAN — Sometimes her canvas is large, and sometimes it is small, but no matter the size, when it wiggles she gives it lots of kisses.
Kisses help calm nervous canines, the canvas that dog groomer April Graham works with every day. Graham owns Pride & Groom, LLC, on Lewis Street.
One day last week, from 7-8 in the morning, a total of eight canvases bounded through Graham's door.
Huggie is as lovable as his name; Angus and Olivia, a black and white standard poodle pair, are regulars every eight weeks; Brutus is a big marshmallow of a golden retriever, Tilly a shy little Yorkie, and mini Aussies Nicki and Buddy are always ready to be made prim and proper.
Yogi, a 162-pound Saint Bernard, is a new client who will require two groomers and lots of doggy treats to get washed, brushed and beautified.
Graham has always loved dogs. For years, she was involved with rescues, serving as an emergency drop location for animals going from high kill shelters or abusive situations to new homes. She was glad to play a part in protecting furry friends but saw a lot of things that made her heart ache.
“I decided I wanted to see the other end, dogs that were cared for and spoiled, so I chose to get into grooming,” Graham said.
Now, she scrubs, brushes, clips and foo foos to her heart's delight. She “doodles” with poodle mixes, frames lovable faces, paints toe nails and waves color through the air with long-haired tails that wag with joy.
Graham grooms to keep pets healthy, checking teeth, skin, nails and hair for signs of illness along with washing and trimming to keep fur clean and mat-free. That is the practical part of grooming, but she also grooms for fun.
Even though a simple trim would do, a fancy style makes the dogs feel good.
“When they look good, they feel good,” Graham said. “They leave here excited and it seems like they have more energy. Dogs know, they know if they're well cared for and feeling fancy.”
Angus, a 100-pound black standard poodle, jumps onto the grooming table and holds his head high as if to echo Graham's words. His long top knot flops into his eyes like an unruly set of dreadlocks, but soon it will be sectioned off, banded, fluffed up and sprayed.
When it is, he will prance.
“Angus, for the next week or two, literally prances,” owner Jennifer Dafoe said. “Olivia will sit down and look at me and seem to say, ‘Look at how good I look.' It makes them tickled pink.”
Angus and Olivia belong to Dafoe's daughter, Drew, but they stay with Dafoe while Drew is at college. Dafoe said they press their noses against the car window on their way to the groomer.
“We're here, we're here, we're here,” their wagging tails seem to say. And when they drive away, Olivia complete with painted toe nails, their refrain seems to be, “Look at me, look at me, look at me.”
There are hundreds of patterns Graham can follow when grooming a dog, but the ultimate goal is to accentuate curves and muscles by artfully blending short fur into long fur at all the right places. Graham must also take into account the dog's personality and work or play activities like herding, walking, hiking and swimming.
Graham said one of the best parts of her art is getting to know her canvases so well and getting to make them beautiful time and again — with lots of kisses to calm the wiggles before she picks up brush and clipper and begins the work that will make them prance.
Firefighters put out a fire at a Tulsa home Monday afternoon.
The Tulsa Fire Department was called to the 2500 block of East 38th Street around 1:00 p.m. Monday, August 14, 2017.
At least one person was being looked at by EMSA but the extent of any injuries is unknown.
The cause of the fire has not been determined and the investigation is ongoing.
News On 6 has a crew at the scene gathering information.
St. Ann students help families in need with Red Bag program. For more than 20 years now, St. Ann students have come together during the Christmas season to support kids in the foster care system who may not have anything to open during the holidays otherwise. Through the Red Bag Program, the students shop for new toys and clothing, wrap them, and put them in a huge red bag. St. Ann put together 166 red bags this year, more than any other organization in the metro.
Mother of SM South student who committed suicide hoping to bring more attention to issue. The mother of a Shawnee Mission South student who killed herself in 2015 is speaking up about the growing prevalence of teen suicide and efforts to discuss the problem after it affects a community. [Teen suicides are reaching record highs, forcing schools to ‘break the silence' — Kansas City Star]
Prairie Village officer to carry Special Olympics torch. Prairie Village Police Sgt. Adam Taylor has been selected to help carry the Special Olympics Flame of Hope across Washington state next summer ahead of the games in Seattle. Taylor has volunteered with the Special Olympics Torch Run, raising money for the organization, for 18 years.
HSBC (LSE: HSBA) and Barclays (LSE: BARC) have traditionally been popular dividend stocks for UK investors. But are these banks still good dividend investments now? Let?s take a look. HSBC Holdings There?s no doubt that HSBC?s dividend yield of 6.3% catches the eye as it?s the highest yield among the UK banks and one of the highest yields in the FTSE 100 index. But high yields can be dangerous and often indicate that a dividend cut may be on the horizon. So the question to ask in regards to HSBC is whether the high yield is sustainable? One of the first things…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
HSBC (LSE: HSBA) and Barclays (LSE: BARC) have traditionally been popular dividend stocks for UK investors. But are these banks still good dividend investments now? Let's take a look.
HSBC Holdings
There's no doubt that HSBC's dividend yield of 6.3% catches the eye as it's the highest yield among the UK banks and one of the highest yields in the FTSE 100 index. But high yields can be dangerous and often indicate that a dividend cut may be on the horizon. So the question to ask in regards to HSBC is whether the high yield is sustainable?
One of the first things a dividend investor should do is take the time to investigate the company's dividend policy. Here's a statement taken from HSBC's website: “In the current uncertain environment we plan to sustain the dividend at its current level for the foreseeable future. Growing our dividend in the future depends on the overall profitability of the Group, delivering further release of less efficiently deployed capital and meeting regulatory capital requirements in a timely manner.”
So HSBC plans to continue paying 51 cents per year for the foreseeable future. Is this realistic? Take a look at the table below.
Year Earnings per share Dividend per share Dividend cover 2016 7c 51c 0.14 2015 65c 51c 1.27 2014 69c 50c 1.38 2013 84c 49c 1.71 2012 74c 45c 1.64
The table shows that 2016 was a poor year for HSBC with profitability dropping significantly. As a result, the bank's dividend cover – a metric used to judge a dividend's sustainability – looks dangerously low at 0.14, indicating that the dividend might not be safe.
So for me, from a dividend investing perspective, HSBC should be approached with caution. The headline yield looks attractive, especially in the current low rate environment, but I'd be looking for a boost in profitability before committing to the bank for its dividend.
Barclays
Rival Barclays is in a different position to HSBC in that it has already cut its dividend, announcing in March last year that the payout for 2016 would be slashed by more than half. 2016's dividend of just 3p per share leaves Barclays' yield at an underwhelming 1.4%, a level which is unlikely to appeal to most income investors.
Barclays is currently undergoing a significant restructuring, dumping non-core assets with the intention of creating a “simplified transatlantic, consumer, corporate and investment bank.” The key question for income hunters is whether the new-look Barclays will be capable of increasing its dividend payout in the future. City analysts certainly think so, with consensus dividend estimates for FY2018 sitting at a high 8.1p, however, to my mind, those estimates look a little optimistic.
If Barclays can register an improved financial performance, I would not be surprised to see a small dividend hike in 2018. But for now, with the yield sitting at a low 1.4%, I believe there are better dividends on offer elsewhere.
- Advertisement -
Kevin De Bruyne revelled in Manchester City's “big win” over rivals Manchester United, though he insisted the runaway Premier League leaders cannot afford to be complacent.
Pep Guardiola's City claimed derby honours and an 11-point lead atop the table with a 2-1 victory at Old Trafford on Sunday.
City benefited from two set-pieces, Nicolas Otamendi scoring the winner after Marcus Rashford cancelled out David Silva's opener, as the Blues sealed a record-equalling 14th win in succession in the Premier League.
Speaking afterwards, City's Belgian star De Bruyne said: “Lots of teams lost points this weekend so it is a big one for us [the win] just to put more pressure on the rest.
- Advertisement -
“We have to enjoy it and then focus again for Wednesday [against Swansea City].
“It is a big gap. If we slip up we are still in the lead. We can't be complacent. We need to do what we have all year.
“I prefer to be 11 points ahead than 11 points behind, that's for sure.”
Asked if he was pleased with City's performance in the derby, De Bruyne added: “If you come away with a 1-0 lead, yes — at 1-1, no.
“That's the way it goes. There were two teams with a lot of quality. It was a nice game to watch with the intensity and the duels. A real derby.”
Staff writer, with CNA
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) yesterday said it would increase a surcharge on diesel and gasoline by the end of the year to bolster a fund that could accelerate the phasing out of older diesel trucks, one of the nation's major mobile air pollution sources.
Surcharges are to increase from NT$0.2 to NT$0.4 per liter on diesel and from NT$0.2 to NT$0.3 per liter on gasoline, the agency said.
The move could add NT$1.9 billion (US$62.6 million) per year to an existing NT$20 billion fund, which is for subsidies to encourage the phasing out of older diesel trucks, defined as those produced before July 1999, the agency said.
The agency last month said it encourages the speedy reduction of high-polluting trucks, adding that subsidies would be NT$200,000 next year and NT$150,000 in 2019.
There are about 81,000 eligible vehicles and subsidies, which are expected to cost about NT$13.75 billion.
Premier Lin Chuan (林全) last week said that the government plans to spend NT$36.5 billion before the end of 2019 to reduce the level of fine particulate matter smaller than 2.5 micrometers (PM2.5) per cubic meter by 18.2 percent.
Executive Yuan data shows that PM2.5 originating outside Taiwan accounts for 34 to 40 percent of the total pollutants, while domestic pollution makes up 60 to 66 percent.
Among the sources of domestic pollution, 30 to 37 percent comes from motor vehicles, while 27 to 30 percent is emitted by industry, and 32 to 43 percent can be traced to other sources.
Lin said the objective is to cut the average concentration of PM2.5 from 22 micrograms per cubic meter to 18 micrograms per cubic meter.
By Kuo Chia-erh / Staff reporter
Machine toolmaker Goodway Machine Corp (程泰機械) returned to profit last quarter, posting a net income of NT$114.4 million (US$3.78 million) after losses of NT$17.4 million in the first quarter.
On an annual basis, the manufacturer of computerized numerical control (CNC) machines saw its second-quarter net income jump 153 percent from NT$45.2 million in the same period last year.
Earnings per share were NT$1.04 last quarter, up from NT$0.41 a year ago, company data showed.
Sales last quarter rose 9.6 percent year-on-year to NT$1.82 billion, while operating income rose 3.4 percent to NT$183.1 million, data showed.
The Taichung-based company attributed the profit increase to rising customer demand and a foreign-exchange gain of NT$43 million as the US dollar appreciated.
Awea Mechantronic Co (亞崴) — a subsidiary of Goodway Machine that makes bridge type CNC machinery — reported that net profit rose 43 percent annually to NT$64.6 million last quarter, or earnings per share of NT$0.67.
Sales over the period grew 9 percent to NT$1.05 billion, company data showed.
REVENUE TARGET
Goodway said it has set a sales target of NT$8 billion for the whole group this year, compared with last year's NT$6.48 billion, on the back of improving demand in the global machinery industry.
To meet growing client demand, the company said its new plant in Chiayi's Dapumei Intelligent Industrial Park is to start operations in October.
The facility, which will mainly manufacture CNC machines for clients in the aerospace and energy industries, is expected to generate sales of more than NT$600 million per year, the firm said.
Awea is also constructing a new plant in Suzhou, China, which is likely to begin production in the fourth quarter of next year, with an annual sales target of 200 million yuan (US$30 million).
The machinery makers' strong financial performance was in line with an upward trend in the nation's machinery exports, the latest industrial data showed.
MACHINERY EXPORTS
Machinery exports last month rose 18.3 percent year-on-year to NT$68.8 billion, according to data compiled by the Taiwan Association of Machinery Industry (台灣機器工業公會).
From January to last month, machinery exports rose 9.1 percent year-on-year to NT$429.8 billion, the association said in a report.
The total production value of Taiwan's machine tool industry is forecast to grow by 4.8 to 5.8 percent this year from NT$121.2 billion a year earlier, the Industrial Technology Research Institute's (工研院) Industrial Economics and Knowledge Center (產業經濟與趨勢研究中心) said.
Fabinho has hailed his new Liverpool team-mate Mohamed Salah
Fabinho completed a mega-money move to Anfield earlier this summer, leaving Monaco for £42m.
He reported for his first training session with the Reds on Monday as the club kicked off their pre-season preparations.
Salah will link up with the squad in the coming weeks as he recovers from his recent injury and his World Cup campaign with Egypt.
And Fabinho can't wait to start playing alongside the superstar winger who enjoyed a stunning season last term.
The Brazilian midfielder said: "It was a pleasure watching him and he's improving year on year.
Getty Images
The NFL is saying that the Cleveland Browns complied with the Rooney Rule before making a General Manager change, but the league will not provide any details about how, exactly, the Browns complied with the rule.
NFL spokesman Joe Lockhart said today that the Rooney Rule, which requires every NFL team to interview at least one minority before hiring a new head coach or General Manager, was followed when the Browns fired G.M. Sashi Brown and replaced him with John Dorsey.
“In this particular case the Rooney Rule was properly applied,” Lockhart said.
But how was it applied? Lockhart declined to say which minority candidate or candidates were interviewed, and when they were interviewed. Brown was fired on Thursday morning, and reports immediately surfaced that Dorsey was the top choice to replace him. The Browns officially announced that Dorsey was hired on Thursday evening. There was no time for any other candidate to truly get a fair shake.
Lockhart said that the point of the rule is to ensure “that opportunities and real opportunities are provided to minorities.”
It's hard to see how “real opportunities are provided to minorities” when the Browns didn't even announce that the job was open until Thursday, and the opening was filled the same day. There might be some great scout or personnel person somewhere in the league who would be an excellent G.M. for the Browns and would have loved to apply for the job but never had that chance because there was no transparency from the Browns about the job being open.
On the league's media conference call, Lockhart was peppered with several questions about the specific nature of the interview or interviews that the Browns conducted to satisfy the requirements of the Rooney Rule, but Lockhart wouldn't answer those questions, other than to reiterate that the league is satisfied with the Browns' compliance.
“It feels like we've run this one into the ground,” Lockhart said.
Lockhart may have felt that the questions had run the topic into the ground, but there's one question that remains unanswered: While complying with the letter of the Rooney Rule, did the Browns also comply with the spirit of the Rooney Rule?
Oklahoma health officials report the number of flu-related deaths over the past week have more than doubled, raising the number statewide to 23.
The Oklahoma State Department of Health reported Thursday that 12 of those happened in the last seven days.
The latest deaths were in Canadian, Creek, Kay, Oklahoma, Stephens, Tulsa and Wagoner counties.
2/2/2017 Related Story: Number Of Oklahoma Flu Deaths Rises To 11
The OSDH says there have been eight deaths in Tulsa County so far this flu season, five in the past week. Tulsa County has the most flu-related deaths in the state, with Kay, Stephens and Wagoner counties each at two deaths each.
The health department says one child age 5-17 died from the flu, two adults aged 18-49, three adults aged 50-64 and 17 flu victims were over the age of 65.
In its latest report, the health department says the number of new flu hospitalizations jumped by 243. As of February 7, the department says 827 people have spent time in the hospital since September 1, 2016.
Tulsa County's number of flu-related hospitalizations has jumped by 54 in a week, bringing the total to 189. Oklahoma County's hospitalizations total is 136, up 42 since last week.
Cleveland County had an increase of 23 hospitalizations in the past week, bringing the total to 59.
Alfalfa, Atoka, Choctaw, Dewey, Greer, Jackson, Jefferson, Marshall and Woods counties are now all on the list after each reporting one flu-related hospitalization since last week.
Only 15 counties have not had any flu-related hospitalizations or deaths this season, the OSDH says.
County health departments remind residents they still have plenty doses of the flu vaccine available.
County health department link
Number of reported flu hospitalizations since October per county:
Adair 9
Alfalfa 1
Atoka 1
Blaine 6
Caddo 4
Canadian 13
Carter 9
Cherokee 10
Choctaw 1
Cleveland 59
Coal 1
Comanche 19
Craig 3
Creek 36
Custer 11
Dewey 1
Garfield 23
Garvin 3
Grady 5
Grant 4
Greer 1
Harper 3
Hughes 1
Jackson 1
Jefferson 1
Johnston 2
Kay 22
Kingfisher 5
Latimer 1
LeFlore 3
Lincoln 13
Logan 20
Major 1
Marshall 1
Mayes 18
McClain 9
McCurtain 4
McIntosh 3
Murray 7
Muskogee 15
Noble 3
Nowata 1
Okfuskee 2
Oklahoma 136
Okmulgee 11
Osage 12
Ottawa 5
Pawnee 6
Payne 14
Pittsburg 2
Pontotoc 10
Pottawatomie 24
Rogers 18
Seminole 4
Sequoyah 1
Stephens 11
Tulsa 189
Wagoner 20
Washington 5
Washita 1
Woods 1
Woodward 1
Every Thursday, the OSDH releases its weekly influenza report and will continue to do so until May 2017.
Getty Images
Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers thinks he has many good years left in him, but he's not sure if all those years will be in Green Bay.
Rodgers told the Associated Press that he wants to play as long as Tom Brady, but that he's not sure if it will all be for one team. Rodgers remembers replacing Brett Favre, who was traded to the Jets before finishing his career with the Vikings.
“I think you have to be humble enough to realize if it could happen to Brett, it can happen to you,” Rodgers said.
Rodgers is under contract for two more years at about $20 million a year, and there's been talk that he and the Packers may agree to an extension this offseason. So he's probably not going anywhere any time soon. But the 34-year-old Rodgers has spoken of Brady as a role model, and Brady says he can play until he's 45. So if Rodgers wants to play that long, perhaps he'll some day be a Jet, a Viking, or a member of some team other than the one that drafted him to be Favre's heir apparent.
ISTANBUL: Turkish police detained 82 suspected Islamic State members, 77 of them foreign nationals, in raids across Istanbul, state-run Anadolu news agency reported on Saturday.
It said counter-terror police squads targeted suspects believed to have acted on behalf of the jihadists, going to conflict zones in Syria and Iraq and preparing urban attacks in Turkey.
Simultaneous police raids were carried out on 16 addresses in 10 districts of Istanbul, the agency said, without specifying when the operation was conducted.
The Anadolu report did not specify what evidence police had against the suspects but said police seized digital materials and documents during the raids.
Turkey has been a partner in the U.S-led coalition against Islamic State fighters, detaining more than 5,000 Islamic State suspects and deporting several thousand foreign militants in recent years.
Turkish police previously stepped up operations against Islamic State suspects at the end of last year ahead of the first anniversary of a New Year gun attack on a nightclub in Istanbul in which 39 people were killed.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Islamic State claimed responsibility for that shooting, which was one of a series of attacks believed to have been carried out by the jihadists in Turkey in recent years.
(Writing by Daren Butler; Editing by Stephen Powell)
Advertisement
Geoffrey Kirui and Edna Kiplagat led a Kenyan clean sweep at the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, both timing late bursts to perfection to claim the men's and women's races of the prestigious event.
Kirui, 24, produced a devastating sprint with four miles to go to settle an enthralling tactical battle with American rival Galen Rupp, the 2016 Olympic bronze medallist.
Kirui waved and smiled as he took the tape in a time of 2hr 9min 37sec, with Rupp finishing in second.
It was a masterful performance from the young Kenyan, who made his move with a 4:52 mile at the 22-mile mark that saw him pull clear of Rupp.
Rupp battled desperately to stay in touch but was unable to respond as Kirui kept the pace up to leave the Oregon-based American in second in 2:09:58. Japan's Suguru Osako was third in 2:10:28.
Kirui's time was well outside the world marathon record of 2:02:57 set by Kenya's Dennis Kimetto in Berlin in 2014.
Kirui later revealed he had pulled clear of Rupp after deciding to “test” his own finishing power.
“I saw he (Rupp) was a strong guy. Not easy,” Kirui said. “So I tried to push a little bit to test myself. And I saw that he had not come with me, so I pushed a little bit more.”
Kirui said he now planned to concentrate on marathon running after failing to find success in track events.
Advertisement
“I tried many times in the track but I see my future in marathon,” he said.
In the women's race, Kiplagat conjured a similarly decisive burst over the closing stages to claim the race for the first time.
The 2011 and 2013 world marathon champion took the tape in 2:21:52 after breaking away from the field with around eight miles to go.
Kiplagat, 37, was greeted by her children and family members as she crossed the line.
Rose Chelimo, the Kenyan-born runner who now represents Bahrain, was second in 2:22:51 while Jordan Hasay of the United States was third in 2:23:00.
The Kenyan double came as a welcome boost for the East African superpower of long-distance running. Kenyan athletics was left reeling earlier this month after news that Kenya's 2016 Olympic women's marathon champion Jemima Sumgong had failed a drugs test.
Sumgong's drug test was another black eye for Kenyan distance running. Sumgong's former training partner, the 2014 Chicago and Boston Marathon champion Rita Jeptoo, is serving a four-year ban after also testing positive for EPO.
Kenya was last year admonished by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), which accused the country of non-compliance with its anti-doping code.
The Boston Marathon is the world's oldest annual marathon and one of the most prestigious races over the distance on the athletics calendar.
NEW YORK Billionaire Warren Buffett had proposed to invest US$3 billion in Uber Technologies Inc earlier this year, but the talks failed following disagreements over the deal's terms, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday (May 30), citing unidentified people familiar with the matter.
Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc would have provided a convertible loan to Uber that would have protected Buffett's investment should the Silicon Valley ride-hailing company hit financial crisis, the report said.
Advertisement
Uber Chief Executive Officer Dara Khosrowshahi proposed decreasing the size of the deal to US$2 billion, giving Buffett a smaller share of the company. The deal fell after the two sides could not agree on terms, Bloomberg reported, citing a source.
Buffett told CNBC that "some of the reported details are not correct" but confirmed that Berkshire did have talks with Uber.
Khosrowshahi also confirmed in an interview with CNBC that Uber did have discussions with Buffett, but added that he didn't think "the reporting was entirely accurate."
Asked about whether the talks could resume, Khosrowshahi said it was "always possible" and he would welcome any kind of dialogue with Buffett.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A representative for Buffett did not immediately respond to a request for comment. An Uber spokesman declined to comment.
Buffett, who had long shunned the technology sector, has become a top shareholder of Apple Inc, and expressed regret about not investing in Alphabet Inc's Google and Amazon.com Inc before they became huge.
Berkshire has US$108.6 billion in cash and equivalents as of the end of March that it is eager to invest.
Berkshire said much of the US$14.8 billion it invested in equities during the first quarter went to Apple, and said it owned 239.6 million shares worth more than US$40 billion.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
That said, Buffett may view Apple and Uber less than technology companies than strong brands with loyal customers. Berkshire has more than 90 operating units including the BNSF railroad, Geico auto insurance, Dairy Queen ice cream, Fruit of the Loom underwear, See's Candies and a variety of industrial, utility and chemical operations.
Larger stock investments are normally made by Buffett, but he has handed over more responsibility to his investment deputies Todd Combs and Ted Weschler in recent years.
Khosrowshahi has since his August appointment been trying to improve the image of Uber, which has been rocked by management turmoil and tarnished by revelations about an alleged sexist workplace culture tolerant of chauvinism. The Uber board of directors has committed to a 2019 initial public offering, and Khosrowshahi has not strayed from that timeline.
An investment by Buffett would likely have been viewed as a stamp of approval.
In the last decade, Buffett has invested billions of Berkshire dollars to support companies seeking a pick-me-up, including investments in Goldman Sachs Group Inc, General Electric Co and Bank of America Corp during or in the aftermath of the global financial crisis.
Many of these have carried favorable terms for Berkshire, giving it a reputation as a lender of last resort to companies in need.
In February, Uber was valued at US$72 billion.
A prayer vigil for a 2-year-old boy who remains in critical condition a Tulsa Hospital was held in Jay Sunday evening.
The family said Kasen Sparks suffered a brain injury after he nearly drowned on July 22.
He was in a deep coma and showed no signs of brain activity, but three days later he opened his eyes.
He will be going to New Orleans for an experimental hyperbaric treatment not covered by insurance.
The family is now reaching out to the community for help with his medical expenses.
If you'd like to donate to the family, visit the page on YouCaring.com.
By Lee I-chia and Stacy Hsu / Staff reporters
Taiwan has received its strongest international support yet at this year's World Health Assembly (WHA) Minister of Health and Welfare Chen Shih-chung (陳時中) said yesterday, adding that should the WHO decline the nation's US$1 million donation to help fight Ebola, at least it has extended its goodwill.
While Taiwan was not invited to the annual WHA for the second consecutive year, its delegation, the “WHA Action Team” led by Chen, flew to Geneva, Switzerland, to protest the nation's exclusion and engaged in ministerial-level health talks on the sidelines of the meeting.
After the delegation returned home on Saturday last week, its members met with President Tsai Ing-wen (蔡英文) at the Presidential Office Building in Taipei.
Tsai announced at the meeting that Taiwan would donate US$1 million to the WHO to fight Ebola.
Chen yesterday told lawmakers that the number of countries that voiced their support for Taiwan to attend the WHA reached a record high this year, indicating that a growing number of members of international community empathize with the nation's demand to participate in the WHO and recognize that it can contribute to global healthcare.
While the donation offer has been met with skepticism, Chen said that it was proposed purely out of consideration for humanity, health and disease prevention.
“It becomes complicated when you think of it politically, but it is simple when you look at it from a disease prevention perspective: People have come to our aid when we needed it, so we will try to help others in need however we can,” Chen said. “We are also fulfilling our duty as a responsible member of the international community.”
While Taiwan failed to donate vaccines due to the complexities associated with donating vaccines across national borders, it succeeded in donating money and relief supplies to the WHO to fight Ebola in 2015 through the assistance of a foundation affiliated with the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, he said.
Asked what would happen if the WHO rejects the donation, Chen said: “We will try to donate through different channels, but it is not within our control if the WHO refuses to accept the donation, and we have already expressed our good intentions.”
However, asked whether other nations would know the donation is from Taiwan if it is sent indirectly, Chen paused momentarily before saying: “People will still know it is from Taiwan, and we do not need to write ‘from Taiwan' on every donation.”
Separately, former minister of foreign affairs Francisco Ou (歐鴻鍊) said the donation, while an “extremely positive move,” would not bolster Taiwan's bid to be included in the WHA.
Speaking on the sidelines of a forum in Taipei on US-China trade friction, he said the donation was a way to give back to the international community and demonstrate Taiwan's global perspective, as well as its status as a member of the international community.
“However, if [the government] is seeking to gain access to the WHO through the donation, those are two matters that have no bearing on each other whatsoever,” said Ou, who led the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from May 2008 to September 2009 in the administration of then-president Ma Ying-jeou (馬英九).
There are certain criteria that must be met to become a WHO member or observer, which is why the donation alone will not help Taiwan achieve that goal, he said.
Bloomberg
Bitcoin landed on Wall Street with a bang.
Four hours after the debut of Cboe Global Markets Inc's bitcoin futures, the contracts climbed more than 20 percent and triggered two trading halts designed to cool volatility. Dealers said initial volumes exceeded expectations, while traffic on Cboe's Web site was so strong that it caused delays and outages.
“It was pretty easy to trade,” Joe van Hecke, managing partner at Chicago-based Grace Hall Trading LLC, said in a telephone interview from Charlotte, North Carolina. “I think you'll see a robust market as time plays out.”
The launch of futures traded on a regulated exchange is a watershed for bitcoin — testing infrastructure that would make it easier for legions of professional traders and mainstream investors to bet on the cryptocurrency's rise or fall, potentially helping to steer its price. Until now, trading in bitcoin was driven mainly by individual investors who were willing to risk buying on mostly unregulated markets. Some users of those little-policed venues have been targeted by hackers who have stolen digital tokens.
As of 10:15pm New York time on Sunday, bitcoin futures expiring in January were priced at US$17,780, up from an opening level of US$15,000. About 1,739 contracts traded hands.
The second halt came at 10:05pm, four hours after trading began, the Cboe Web site said.
The exchange imposes circuit breakers to curb volatility, halting transactions for two minutes if prices rise or fall 10 percent. Trading pauses for five minutes at 20 percent.
Bitcoin last changed hands at US$16,600, up about 6.1 percent since late Friday, the composite price on Bloomberg showed.
“So far, looking at the contract volume traded, we believe that there is a decent demand and this is driving up the price of bitcoin,” said Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at TF Global Markets in London. “Prices are going higher because of the increase in confidence.”
CME Group Inc's exchange is set to start offering similar futures next week.
Once the markets are better established, professional traders would arbitrage between the Cboe and CME futures and bitcoin itself, improving pricing efficiency, Aslam said.
“In the future, traders would also start arbitraging and speculation would go in another higher gear,” Aslam said.
At this point, some people who would like to trade futures are having a difficult time accessing the market because not all brokers are supporting it initially, said Garrett See, chief executive officer of DV Chain, a sister company of trading firm DV Trading.
Participation might also be limited because of higher capital requirements and tighter risk limits, See said.
Being on the sidelines has been painful. This year alone, bitcoin is up more than 1,600 percent. The surge has been driven largely by demand from individual investors, even as technical obstacles kept out big money managers such as mutual funds.
RITA Ora has caused a meltdown with her latest reveal.
The Anywhere songstress turned up the heat as wore a skimpy ensemble in her newest picture. The Rita Ora Instagram image saw the 27-year-old going braless as she rocked a chic black blazer. RITA ORA AVICII TRIBUTE PROCEEDS HIS AUTOPSY RESULTS The blonde decided to not wear any bottoms as she flashed her black knickers and a kinky pair of fishnet tights.
INSTAGRAM/RITA ORA SIZZLING: Rita wowed fans with her latest flesh-flashing reveal
“Beautiful lady, beautiful figure” Instagram user Rita teamed her saucy ensemble with an intense stare to camera, which was accentuated by a bold blue eyeshadow. The Kosovo-born singer also rocked a fierce pout in the snap, as she opted a nude lip colour. She accessorised the outfit with gold and silver jewellery while rocking her golden locks curly and combed back. The photo, which was captioned "On set today" by Rita, racked up an impressive 262,000 likes.
Rita Ora's sexiest snaps Singer Rita Ora and her sexiest snaps around. 1 / 198
INSTAGRAM/RITA ORA RED HOT: The songstress often wows with her temperature-raising snaps
TWITTER/RITA ORA TRIBUTE: Rita paid her respects to Avicii, who she worked with, on Twitter after he passed away
The comment section was also flooded with an array of compliments. One fan gushed: "Beautiful lady, beautiful figure," while another added: "This is so stunning." A third chimed in: "Rita is just getting more beautiful every day." The photo comes after the star paid her respects to Swedish DJ Avicii, who died age 28 last Friday.
Celebrities that died before the age of 30 Find out which hot stars tragically lost their lives so young. 1 / 19
GETTY IMAGES SAD LOSS: The Swedish DJ passed away age 28 last Friday
A KwaZulu-Natal man was allegedly subjected to an assault and robbery after a woman, thought to be a sex worker, accused him of not paying for services rendered.
Reaction Unit South Africa (RUSA) spokesperson Prem Balram on Tuesday said the man had been assaulted and robbed by three individuals on Todd Street in Verulam, north of Durban, after he was accused of failing to pay R80 "for services provided by a local [sex worker]".
Balram said his officers were called to the scene by onlookers who witnessed the man being assaulted by a woman and two men.
"Upon arrival, RUSA members apprehended two of the three suspects. The 30-year-old victim explained that, shortly after leaving a pharmacy, he was approached by the woman who claimed that he had had sex with her sister who is a [sex worker].
"She demanded R80 for services which her sister provided. When he denied the allegations, the woman left and returned with two men."
Balram said the three then began assaulting the Parkgate resident, before stealing his wallet, containing an undisclosed amount of cash, and his cellphone.
"When they noticed Reaction Officers approaching they fled. However, two of them were apprehended. The victim's cellphone was found in the female suspect's possession."
Police are investigating.
The Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure will return to Baltimore City for its 25th anniversary event this fall, a move welcomed by city leaders for the attention and economic impact it will bring.
The event will be one of the biggest races in the city with an expected 8,000 to 10,000 runners and walkers for the five kilometer course through South Baltimore, which will begin and end at McHenry Row and include a loop through the Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine.
"This will showcase a part of Baltimore many people have not seen yet," said Mayor Catherine Pugh, an avid runner who is often seen on the local racing circuit. "People come from around the country, families supporting families, friends supporting friends."
The event is Komen's biggest fundraiser of the year and is expected to generate around $850,000, which funds local breast cancer programs and national research. The Maryland chapter has raised $39 million since 1993 for these causes.
Maryland has the sixth highest death rate from breast cancer in the nation. More than 5,250 women are expected to be diagnosed this year in the state. Overall, one in eight American women are diagnosed with breast cancer and is the most common kind of cancer in women.
The race was launched in 1993 at Rash Field in the city but has taken place in Hunt Valley for the past decade. It is scheduled for Oct. 15 and is open to runners and walkers. A one mile family fun walk is also scheduled.
"After 10 years we've come back to Baltimore and this gives us an opportunity to bring our loyal participants to the city and draw in new people from other areas," said Rachel Duncan, president of the Komen Maryland board.
meredith.cohn@baltsun.com
U.S. marshals on Wednesday served a subpoena on former Michigan State University President Lou Anna Simon to compel her to appear before a U.S. Senate subcommittee on June 5 on efforts to protect athletes from abuse, a committee spokesman said.
WASHINGTON: U.S. marshals on Wednesday served a subpoena on former Michigan State University President Lou Anna Simon to compel her to appear before a U.S. Senate subcommittee on June 5 on efforts to protect athletes from abuse, a committee spokesman said.
Simon, who resigned from Michigan State in January, and Steve Perry from USA Gymnastics were criticized for not doing enough to halt abuse by former doctor Larry Nassar, who was convicted last year of molesting gymnasts and was sentenced to an effective life term in prison.
Advertisement
It is extremely unusual for a congressional committee to resort to issuing subpoenas – and even more unusual to be forced to take the step of asking the U.S. Marshals Service to serve a subpoena to compel an appearance.
Witnesses can assert the right not to answer questions if they fear the answers could be used against them in a potential criminal prosecution.
A lawyer for Perry, who resigned in March 2017, accepted a subpoena on his behalf, said spokesman Frederick Hill of the Senate Commerce panel that has been investigating abuse of athletes. Simon was served with a subpoena in Traverse City, Michigan, Hill said.
A lawyer for Simon did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A third former official, Rhonda Faehn, who was the women's programme director of USA Gymnastics and was dismissed earlier this month, has also been called and agreed to testify, Hill said.
It was not immediately clear who is representing Perry or Faehn.
Earlier this month, hundreds of women sexually abused by Nassar tentatively agreed to a US$500 million (£376.5 million) settlement with Michigan State University.
Kerry Perry, chief executive of USA Gymnastics since December, last week apologised to hundreds of female athletes who were sexually abused by Nassar and told a U.S. House of Representatives subcommittee hearing that "those days are over."
(Reporting by David Shepardson; editing by Grant McCool)
0 Waffle House shooting: Remembering the victims
NASHVILLE, Tenn. -
Four people were killed when a nearly nude gunman, armed with an AR-15, opened fire at a Nashville, Tennessee, Waffle House Sunday.
>> Read more trending news
Travis Reinking, is the suspected shooter, was arrested Monday afternoon after police got a tip about a man crossing into a wooded area near the Waffle House.
Those killed have been identified as Akilah DaSilva, 23, DeEbony Groves, 21, Joe R. Perez, 20, and Taurean C. Sanderlin, 29. Two others, Shanita Waggoner, 21, and Sharita Henderson, 24, were injured.
Here is what we know about the victims.
Akilah DaSilva
DaSilva was at the restaurant with his older brother and Waggonner, his girlfriend of five years. He was critically wounded at the restaurant and later died at Vanderbilt Medical Center.
The 23-year-old was a musical engineering student at Middle Tennessee State University and a musician who went by the stage name Natrix, his mother, Shaundell Brooks, told WTVF.
The family released the following statement on DaSilva:
“Akilah DaSilva also known as Natrix (his stage name) was a humble kind and well respected young man. His character spoke volumes. One of 6 loving siblings, Akilah was passionate about his music, family, and life. He was pursuing a career in musical engineering at MTSU. He had a smile that could light up a room and a laugh that would warm your heart. He embodied compassion and had a zeal for life. A loving son and selfless friend, he was a beacon of hope, love, and strength in his family. “His family hopes that in the midst of this senseless act of terrorism and hate, his life will not be in vain. We hope that this tremendous loss will spark tangible action in true gun law reform so no other family would ever have to experience this sort of tragedy. “In the wake of this tragic event, The DaSilva Family welcomes prayers, words of comfort, and any contribution during their time of grief.”
A GoFundMe page has been created by the family. It has surpassed its $10,000 goal.
﻿DeEbony Groves
A member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc., Groves was with some of her sorority sisters, including Henderson, at the Waffle House, WKRN reported. She was fatally shot in the restaurant. The New York Times reported she was a senior sociology major at Belmont University and worked two jobs
“The entire campus community is shocked and devastated by how such senseless violence has taken the life of this young woman, an individual full of immense potential,” the school said in a statement. “We extend our thoughts and prayers to her family and friends as they come to terms with unimaginable grief.”
A woman, center, who would only be identified as the godmother of shooting victim DeEbony Groves, cries as she listens at a news conference regarding the capture of Travis Reinking Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn. AP Photo/Mark Humphrey
Groves' grandmother, Carolyn Groves, told the NYT she would always find time to visit her.
“She was a sweetheart,” Groves said of her granddaughter.
Police told The Tennessean Henderson is in critical but stable condition.
Delta Sigma Theta president Beverly E. Smith said in a statement that the sorority will mourn the injuries and loss of life.
“Sorors, we will honor those who have lost their lives or who have been affected by gun violence by raising our voices, casting our votes and standing on the side of justice in our communities,” Smith said. “We mourn this loss today, but we will not let this act of violence silence our will to do what is right.”
Joe R. Perez
The Associated Press reported that, according to a police statement, Perez, 20, was killed in the parking lot of the Waffle House with Taurean Sanderlin, 29.
The Austin American-Statesman reported that Perez was from Texas and had family in Austin. Patricia Perez, who is reportedly the victim's mother, posted on Facebook Sunday asking for prayers.
“Please say a prayer for my family for today is the hardest day of my life,” the post said. “Me, my husband and sons are broken right now with this loss. Our lives are shattered.”
The New York Times reported that Perez moved to Nashville to work with one of his two older brothers after graduating from Hays High School in 2016. He was supposed to pick up his mother from the airport Wednesday when she visited him in Nashville. She last spoke to him Saturday night.
“I will never see him again,” Patricia Perez aid. “He was my baby.”
Taurean C. Sanderlin
Sanderlin, a Waffle House employee, was killed in the restaurant parking lot with Joe Perez, The AP reported.
According to The New York Times, Walter G. Ehmer, the chief executive of Waffle House, said Sanderlin had worked at the chain for five years. The Goodlettsville, Tennessee, resident, was slain as he stood outside the restaurant while taking a break, The Tennessean reported.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
TOKYO: Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has given up on a plan to visit Iran this summer, Kyodo News said on Wednesday, as U.S. President Donald Trump has taken an increasingly tough line against Tehran.
The visit to Iran would have been the first by a Japanese leader in 40 years, forming part of Abe's scheduled tour through the Middle East from July 11, Kyodo said.
Advertisement
But Japan has told Iran Abe would not be able to visit its capital, Tehran, despite arrangements it had been making for talks with President Hassan Rouhani, the agency added, citing government sources.
However, Motosada Matano, a spokesman for the Japanese prime minister's office, told Reuters nothing had been decided about Abe's overseas travel plans.
The decision not to visit Iran was made in light of Trump's push to isolate Tehran and choke off its oil exports, after he pulled the United States out of the 2015 Iran nuclear pact in May.
The United States has urged Japan and its other allies to stop buying Iranian crude oil entirely by Nov. 4.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Japan, which has traditionally had stable ties with Iran, on which it relied for decades as a key source of oil, has told the Trump administration it cannot further cut or halt crude imports from the country, for fear of risks to its economy, Kyodo added.
(Reporting by Stanley White and Linda Sieg; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
ODM has extended the dateline for submission of applications by aspirants seeking to participate in the February primaries.
The party had set Saturday as the dateline for all applications, but aspirants now have an extra 10 days to do so.
“Due to the long queues and increasing demand by members applying for the various seats electable in the August 2017 general election, the National Elections Board has extended the deadline for submission of application papers by 10 days,” ODM director of communications Philip Etale said.
“The board would like to make it clear that it will not be extending the deadline again after the lapse of the January 10 deadline.”
Etale said the according to board chairperson Judith Pareno, the extension is to allow the many aspirants who had been queuing at Orange House to beat Saturday's deadline and those still travelling back to Nairobi from upcountry after the Christmas festivities time to submit their applications.
The board has directed that party officials eyeing any elective seat should vacate office latest by January 4.
Posted by Zac Jackson on January 2, 2017, 11:27 AM EST
Steelers defensive end Stephon Tuitt told reporters Monday that he'll play in Sunday's playoff game vs. the Dolphins.
Tuitt has missed the last two games with a knee injury, but it sounds like he didn't play in the regular season finale just because the Steelers didn't need him to.
“I'm not worried about it,” Tuitt said of the injury Monday.
Tuitt is one of the Steelers' most valuable defensive players. He has four sacks, three pass breakups and two forced fumbles on the season and started every game before injuring his knee early in the team's Dec. 18 game at Cincinnati.
The Sarasota County Sheriff's Office used a helicopter late Thursday, April 19, 2018, to guide deputies in the capture of a Laurel man, 55, who fled from deputies because he thought he was wanted on a warrant, police said. He tried to hide in a boat.
Posted by Darin Gantt on February 15, 2017, 6:42 AM EST
The NFL lost an important piece of leverage for future stadium deals by allowing two teams to go to Los Angeles.
But if one San Diego resident has his way, the city that just lost one of those teams could take over as the next threat for relocation.
According to Kevin Acee of the San Diego Union-Tribune, developer (and former owner of the Union-Tribune) Doug Manchester has contacted the NFL and commissioner Roger Goodell about his desire to build a privately financed stadium on the site of decrepit Qualcomm Stadium.
Manchester told Goodell he had “assembled a powerful group of associates” to develop the property, and that they could “provide an immediate alternative” for the Raiders if their Las Vegas deal craps out, or for other teams looking for a new place to play.
There was an overriding sense that no one really wanted the Chargers to go to Los Angeles (on either end of the transaction), but the lack of a stadium deal seemed to make it inevitable. And with the city unwilling to come up with the money, it appears Manchester is willing to do what Chargers owner Dean Spanos would not — finance his own stadium there.
“Our group will provide the funds previously allocated to be provided by the City of San Diego and guarantee the stadium's expeditious construction,” the letter read. “Accordingly, this project will not require voter approval.”
They also promised to upgrade Qualcomm Stadium and provide new scoreboards during the construction of the new stadium. Now we get to see whether the offer is considered a serious one by the league, and whether anyone is willing to take them up on it.
The Argentina striker could be set for a switch to Stamford Bridge to work with Maurizio Sarri who is set to be announced as the replacement for Antonio Conte.
Now Italian outlet Sport Mediaset claim Higuain will be on the move to Chelsea.
The Argentina international did not enjoy his summer at the World Cup with his side going out to France in the last 16.
But Higuain was in superb form for Juventus last season, netting 23 goals in all competitions.
SINGAPORE: The Health Sciences Authority (HSA) has urged customers not to purchase or consume Nuvitra and BeColi - two slimming products sold online - because they contain banned substances and potent laxatives.
Both products were marketed online by NKD Singapore as supplements for slimming, with claims that weight loss can be achieved within a short period of time, HSA said in a press release on Thursday (May 31).
Advertisement
Nuvitra was also sold on various local online platforms by other sellers.
The products contain potent ingredients like sibutramine, a weight loss drug that was previously only available by prescription.
Sibutramine has been withdrawn from Singapore since 2010 due to an increased risk of heart attacks and strokes, and side effects like hallucinations and mood swings.
HSA had received reports of consumers experiencing hallucinations or hearing voices, palpitations and breathlessness after consuming slimming products which were adulterated with sibutramine.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Two types of laxatives, sennosides and bisacodyl, were also found in the products. HSA warned that these laxatives may cause vomiting and abdominal pain, and prolonged use may lead to chronic constipation.
Consumers should stop taking Nuvitra and BeColi, and consult a doctor if they feel unwell, HSA said. The authority also advised customers to be wary of products that promise miraculous weight loss, to exercise caution when buying health products online and to be cautious of online product reviews.
HSA has also directed NKD Singapore to stop selling these products, and told the administrators of online sales platforms to remove web listings of the products.
NKD Singapore is assisting HSA with its investigations.
Other sellers and suppliers must also stop selling Nuvitra and BeColi immediately, said HSA, adding that anyone found supplying illegal health products may be imprisoned for up to three years and/or fined up to S$100,000.
Get to know about the history in your own community by stepping into a local museum, taking a guided walk through your neighbourhood, or visiting one of the events that are part of the third annual Brant Museum Crawl.
This year's crawl, which includes 13 museums and galleries offering free or low-cost programs and activities, has been expanded this year to run the entire month of May, which has been designated Museum Month in the city.
"There is no region like ours," said Lucas Duguid of Brantford-based marketing and design firm Octopus Red, who, along with his wife, Laura, established the crawl in 2016.
"There is so much rich Indigenous, rural and urban history."
The problem, say the Duguids, is that many people are unfamiliar with the heritage of their own community and haven't stepped into a local museum since they were on a class trip in elementary school.
"Over the past two years we've been able to get people to discover some of this stuff for the first time," said Duguid. "History is such a vital thing. This is who we are. This is our home."
Sara Munroe, manager of marketing and tourism for the City of Brantford, said the museum crawl has been growing since the Duguids presented the idea to city staff two years ago.
She said the crawl, during which people can visit sites at their leisure, promotes the fact that "people can stay in town when they're looking for a museum or gallery experience."
Although there are no official numbers, Duguid said anecdotal reports from staff at the crawl sites indicate the number of visitors is increasing.
A complete listing of the events and locations is on the Brant Museum Crawl Facebook page, one of the participating venues, or at the Brantford Visitor and Tourism Centre, 399 Wayne Gretzky Pkwy.
At a glance
The third annual Brant Museum Crawl takes place in May.
Among the events are:
This was at a time when the North West provincial department of rural‚ environmental and agriculture development was spending R100-million on a donation of "high value" to the South African Rare Game Breeders Holdings (SARGBH).
ANC MP and chairperson of the portfolio committee on environmental affairs Philemon Mapulane said the committee has now resolved to revive their report on the matter after they decided to involve their counterparts from the National Council of Provinces‚ which is responsible for overseeing the affairs of provincial government departments.
Mapulane said their decision would be sent to the houses of parliament - the NCOP and the National Assembly -some time this week or next week for ratification before the national treasury and the auditor-general could intervene.
He said the R100-million was just the tip of the iceberg as they suspected that some criminal elements had been involved in the 2016 transaction.
Mapulane said they wanted the entire R100-million transaction to be reversed with monies recovered from all government officials involved because it breached the public finance management act.
The Oklahoma City Zoo and Botanical Garden announced the death of female pygmy hippopotamus Francesca, 26, on Wednesday, July 4.
Last week, Zoo veterinary staff said they conducted a full exam of Franny after caretakers observed decreased appetite, lethargy and signs of severe abdominal pain. During the exam, they discovered Franny had dental disease with possible bacterial infection and three teeth were removed. She was also treated for colic (severe intestinal inflammation) and IV fluids, antibiotics and anti-inflammatory drugs were administered.
Despite treatment, Francesca continued to decline displaying signs of severe gastrointestinal disease and blood analysis showed progressive kidney failure, according to Zoo officials. After undergoing several rounds of intensive care treatment to no effect, Francesca passed away Wednesday. The veterinary team will conduct a necropsy (animal autopsy) to determine the exact cause of death.
The Association of Zoos and Aquariums reports median life expectancy for pygmy hippos is 26.3 years. Pygmy hippos are currently listed as endangered with less than 3,000 in the wild.
Franny spent her first nine years at the Rome Zoo in Italy before relocating to the San Diego Zoo in 2000. Her arrival at the OKC Zoo in December 2017 was announced by Gayla Peevey, the singer who sang “I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas,” at the Zoo's annual Hippo Holiday Sing-Along. In 1953, Gayla's popular song inspired a statewide fundraising drive encouraging Oklahoma's children to donate a dime to buy the OKC Zoo a hippo for Christmas. It was a successful campaign that resulted in the Zoo's first hippo, a Nile hippopotamus name Mathilda, arriving in time for Christmas that year.
Wolee, a 43-year-old male pygmy hippo, also resides at the Zoo's pachyderm habitat. Wolee has called the OKC Zoo home since 1999 and is the oldest pygmy hippo in a United States zoo accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums.
After more than a decade serving Oklahomans as a mounted patrol officer, Tee is retiring. And while the horse will no longer be in law enforcement, she's on a new journey of service.
Wednesday was a bittersweet day for Rogers County Major Coy Jenkins as he and Tee took their last trip together, escorted by police to a 120-acre property called Home of Hope.
"I could spend years looking for another horse, wouldn't be the same," Jenkins said.
Home of Hope helps people with disabilities live independent, meaningful lives.
One of their services is an equestrian program, and soon, Tee will start a new job as a therapy animal working with disabled men and women.
"They will become immediately attached, each one will say, ‘That's my horse,'" said Kevin Parnell with Home of Hope.
Tee and Jenkins have been working side by side for the last 12 years in both Tulsa and Rogers counties.
"When I came over and joined the Rogers County Sheriff's Office, we knew that we needed a mounted patrol program and she was the first horse that initiated that program," Jenkins said. "She is one of those horses that when people bring small kids up she reaches down."
Jenkins said people gravitated to Tee and she quickly became part of his family.
"She took my currently 15-year-old son when he was 3 years old and taught him how to rodeo," Jenkins said. “She is kind of like a daughter that I never had."
Donating Tee is a tough choice for Jenkins, but, he said it allows him to give back to the community that has given him so much.
"My scoutmaster, Merlin Sharp, like a second father, he taught all of us all of us, you know, get out there and do things right in the community. So, I have been, and I'm going to continue to do so, and she is too," he said. "I'll be able to be away from here and smile."
Employees at Home of Hope said Jenkins is welcome to visit Tee anytime.
By Chad Parkhill / The Guardian
Last year was one in which drinkers around the world broadened their palates and outlooks, and tired old certainties were cast aside in favor of exploration and reconsideration. This year looks set to be even better. Here are three trends that I predict will shape what we will drink over the course of 2018.
HAPPY HOUR GETS HAPPIER
Last year, Australian expat bartender Sam Ross threw a large batch of his Penicillin cocktail — possibly the most successful modern classic cocktail to emerge since the Cosmopolitan — into a slushie machine to create the “Penichillin” for his bar, Diamond Reef. No moment could better exemplify the recent turn towards fun in the drinks world — a very serious drink, born in the fussy, genteel and rule-loving bar Milk and Honey, had suddenly been reborn as a party animal, ready to be dispensed with the flick of a plastic tap.
One of the easiest ways to signal your bar's fun-loving nature is to offer a series of goofy disco drinks rehabilitated with craft cocktail techniques. Already a number of high-profile bartenders have set out to revive drinks such as the grasshopper, the amaretto sour, the pina colada and the stinger by rejigging proportions and focusing on quality ingredients. My money's on the Japanese slipper and the Long Island iced tea to be next. Similarly, once-derided ingredients will likely have a moment in the sun this year: Jagermeister, Goldschlager, Southern Comfort (especially now it is once again made with whiskey) and even creme de menthe will stage modest comebacks.
If you want to take a little slice of drinking fun and bring it home, consider whipping up a planter's punch (a cocktail I had high hopes for in last year's drinks predictions).
CLIMATE CHANGES THE WINE MAP
No image from last year underscores the threat of climate change to good drinking more than the wildfires that devastated California's wine country. Wine is, of course, an agricultural product first and foremost — to make wine, grapes have to be grown, and some parts of the world are better suited to that than others. But the planet's changing climate is rapidly redrawing the map of what grows well where, with troubling consequences for wine lovers.
There is a very small silver lining to climate change, at least as far as wines are concerned: it opens up new areas to grape growing. The recent surge of interest in English sparkling wine has been driven by rapidly growing quality — and climate change has had a role to play there by bringing warmer weather and increased ripeness and yields.
Similarly, grapes are now being grown as far north as Sweden, and things are looking pretty rosy in the immediate future for places such as Nova Scotia .
Wine lovers can't become complacent, though. While winemakers are looking to technological and scientific advances to help mitigate the negative effects of increased ripeness levels in their wines, as well as planting grape varieties that better suit hotter and drier growing regions, a crisis still looms. Climate change wreaks havoc on established weather patterns, bringing rain and cold at unexpected times and heat and drought at others. This is disastrous for grapes, which means there's no happy ending for wine in a warming world.
NEED FOR SPEED
The days of having to wait 12 minutes for a meticulously prepared cocktail made by a dude in suspenders and a waxed mustache are, mercifully, over. We can chalk this one up to the continuing success of the craft cocktail movement — where once a certain amount of nerdy rigamarole behind the bar was required to justify the comparatively steep price of mixed drinks made with care and attention, now bar-goers are aware it's perfectly possible to get a great drink within a few moments of ordering it and are willing to pay for the privilege.
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday held bilateral talks with the President of Namibia, Mr Hage Geingob, at the presidential villa, Abuja.
The Namibian leader, who is visiting Nigeria for the first time since inception of the Buhari administration in May 2015, arrived at the presidential villa at about 3.05 p.m.
President Geingob was received at the forecourt of the villa by Buhari, who stepped out of the ongoing Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting to welcome his visitor.
Others at the forecourt of the presidential villa to welcome the Namibian leader included cabinet ministers and some presidential aides.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learnt that bilateral talks between the two presidents would centre on issues bordering on trade, economy and culture.
#InEricDierWeTrust #itscominghome @england
A post shared by Jos Buttler (@josbuttler) on Jul 3, 2018 at 2:01pm PDT
Police “kidnapped” a Catholic priest Saturday after mass in Kinshasa, witnesses said, amid spiralling tensions between the church and the Democratic Republic of Congo's government over the president's refusal to step down.
“Father Sebastien was taken away by police just after morning mass,” a nun of the Saint-Robert parish told AFP in N'sele on the eastern outskirts of the capital.
A police vehicle drew up outside the church, officers jumped out and “started to beat the priest,” said another nun who had also witnessed the incident.
“They threw him in the jeep and drove off with him,” she said, adding that an unidentified man “filmed the priest” on his mobile phone during mass.
Police refused to comment on the incident when contacted by AFP.
Priest Sebastien Yebo has worked for the parish since August 2017.
The incident comes after a deadly crackdown by the government on Catholic-organised protests against President Joseph Kabila.
At least 15 people have been killed in clashes with security forces at rallies on December 31 and January 21, according to the UN peacekeeping mission Monusco.
Kabila, 46, has been in power since 2001, at the helm of a regime widely criticised for corruption, repression and incompetence.
His constitutional term in office expired in December 2016 but he has stayed on, stoking a bloody spiral of violence in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Under a deal brokered by the powerful Catholic Church, he was allowed to stay in office provided new elections were held in 2017.
The authorities then postponed the election until December 23 this year, citing what they said were logistical problems in preparing for the vote.
The delay, coupled with the mounting violence, has placed Kabila on collision course with the church, which has a prominent role in the DRC due to its educational and social care work.
Jeff Beck & Paul Rodgers + Ann Wilson of Heart are bringing their Stars Align Tour to Huntington Bank Pavilion at Northerly Island on July 29th. Enter for your chance to win a pair of tickets to the show! Tickets are on sale now. Visit livenation.com for more information.
Rams coach Sean McVay was not constantly smiling Sunday.
That, McVay said, should have been the telltale sign that no deal had been struck with star defensive lineman Aaron Donald.
Donald has been a holdout through two weeks of training camp and a preseason game.
“We're hoping that we can figure this out because Aaron's a very important part of what we want to do,” McVay said.
Donald, a three-time Pro Bowl selection, is entering his fourth season and the Rams have picked up the fifth-year option on his rookie contract.
Donald wants a renegotiated contract that would make him among the highest-paid players in the NFL. He is scheduled to make $1.8 million this season and $6.9 million in 2018.
Lineman Michael Brockers said Donald's absence was felt Saturday in a 13-10 victory over the Dallas Cowboys. Brockers, Ethan Westbrooks and Louis Trinca-Pasat started on the line in defensive coordinator Wade Phillips' 3-4 scheme.
“He's probably working somewhere, working out, and he's probably sick to his stomach, he wants to be out here with us,” Brockers said about Donald. “You're missing that dynamic element in his defensive front.
“But you know he's going to be there sometime soon.”
That, at least, is the Rams' hope.
CAPTION Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas. Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas. CAPTION Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas. Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas. CAPTION The Times' Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 13-10 victory over the Dallas Cowboys. Their discussion includes Sean McVay's first game as coach, quarterback Jared Goff and the arrival of receiver Sammy Watkins from Buffalo. The Times' Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 13-10 victory over the Dallas Cowboys. Their discussion includes Sean McVay's first game as coach, quarterback Jared Goff and the arrival of receiver Sammy Watkins from Buffalo. CAPTION Receiver Sammy Watkins, who the Rams acquired in a trade with the Bills earlier this week, arrived in Los Angeles on Saturday and watched the preseason game against the Cowboys from the sideline. Receiver Sammy Watkins, who the Rams acquired in a trade with the Bills earlier this week, arrived in Los Angeles on Saturday and watched the preseason game against the Cowboys from the sideline. CAPTION Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. drew a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout at his boxing club in Las Vegas. Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. drew a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout at his boxing club in Las Vegas. CAPTION Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. draws a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout attended by the media on Thursday in Las Vegas. Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. draws a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout attended by the media on Thursday in Las Vegas.
lindsey.thiry@latimes.com
Follow Lindsey Thiry on Facebook and Twitter @LindseyThiry
While there tends to be a positive correlation between risk and reward over the long term, some investors prefer to err on the side of caution when it comes to stock selection. Better to saunter to significant wealth than shoot for the stars and risk running out of puff along the way, might be their philosophy. Enter low beta shares — the sort of companies that experience less price volatility relative to the market, particularly during times of economic strife. Although we won't get bogged down with calculations, the trick here is to look for shares with a beta of…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
While there tends to be a positive correlation between risk and reward over the long term, some investors prefer to err on the side of caution when it comes to stock selection. Better to saunter to significant wealth than shoot for the stars and risk running out of puff along the way, might be their philosophy. Enter low beta shares — the sort of companies that experience less price volatility relative to the market, particularly during times of economic strife.
Although we won't get bogged down with calculations, the trick here is to look for shares with a beta of less than one. This essentially means that a stock is less susceptible to movement than the market (which always has a beta of one). So, a beta of 0.9 would suggest that a company is 10% less volatile. Anything greater than one and you have the opposite effect.
With this in mind, here are just three examples of stocks that low-risk equity investors may wish to consider.
Safe hands
Thanks to its virtual monopoly and our constant need for power, National Grid (LSE: NG) is the go-to utility for many investors. Despite a brief wobble back in November, shares in the FTSE 100 constituent have returned to form in 2017, rising almost 9% in the last three months. Although not as cheap as they once were, a valuation of 16 times earnings isn't completely unreasonable given the security that a company like National Grid offers (with a beta of 0.67). A 4.7% yield is also over four times that offered by the highest-paying instant access cash ISA currently available. Its shares won't rocket, but that's surely not the point.
Cruise operator, Carnival (LSE: CCL) is another pick for those with an aversion to volatility. With the popularity of voyages rising and boasting a beta of just 0.41, the Southampton-based business looks a sound selection. In addition to rising just over 23% over the last 12 months, Carnival's stock also still looks reasonably priced on 16 times earnings (reducing to just 13 in 2018, assuming earnings per share growth of 16% is achieved).
Thanks to legislation growing all the time, health and safety equipment supplier, Halma (LSE: HLMA) completes our trio of low beta beauties. Like National Grid, Halma's stock dipped towards the end of 2016. Since mid-January, however, a resurgence of interest has seen its price rise almost 13%.
Thanks to its stellar dividend history (37 years of consecutive growth), shares in Halma have rarely been cheap and currently trade on a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 26 for 2017. Nevertheless, with a beta of 0.61, the FTSE 250 constituent takes some beating as a ‘get rich slowly' option.
Don't forget to diversify
Of course, there are no guarantees when it comes to investing. Just look at how BT‘s share price plummeted following revelations of dodgy accounting within its Italian operations or how Tesco felt the wrath of investors back in 2014. And let's not even get started on the once utterly-dependable banks. To be clear, beta values can change over time and only give an indication of risk.
As a result, it's never a good idea to be over-invested in any one company, even if the majority of your portfolio is concentrated in what are perceived to be relatively stable businesses. A degree of diversification across different sectors and industries is still vital when aiming to grow your capital.
You can currently watch News On 6 via OTT on CBS All Access, DirectTV Now, PlayStation Vue, YouTube TV and Hulu.
OTT, which stands for Over the Top, refers to content, such as television or Video on Demand (VOD), that is supplied over the Internet, rather than by traditional means, such as over a network or via a set-top box. This means that you don't have to have access to a provider of satellite or cable TV, to view the content you want to see.
LUMBERTON — A 17-year-old student at Purnell Swett High School was shot to death Thursday afternoon and lawmen are tying to find someone they are calling a “person of interest.”
Jeremiah Dakota Locklear, of Lumberton, was found shot about 2:24 p.m. when the Robeson County Sheriff's Office deputies responded to a call at a residence located at 240 Offie Jones Road, Sheriff Ken Sealey said Friday.
“There was an altercation between two people,” Sealey said. “One person was shot.”
Locklear was taken by Robeson County EMS to a hospital, where he later died.
Sealey did not want to release the name of the person police are seeking to question.
Locklear was outside the Offie Jones Road residence when gunshots were heard, according the Sheriff's Office. The teenager was seen running toward the front porch, saying he had been hit. An unidentified person was seen running toward a red truck, jumping into the vehicle and fleeing from the residence.
“At the present time a motive has not been determined, and there have not been any arrests,” Maj. Anthony Thompson said in a statement.
http://www.stpaulsreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_Ken-Sealey_1.jpg
By Annick Joseph Staff writer
Reach Annick Joseph by calling 910-416-5165 or via email at ajoseph@robesonian.com or Facebook Annick MultiMedia Journalist.
Reach Annick Joseph by calling 910-416-5165 or via email at ajoseph@robesonian.com or Facebook Annick MultiMedia Journalist.
“If the genders were reversed, everybody would be thinking this was automatic” Judge Gary Sweet
Tiffany Geliga, 36, was sentenced after she refused to deny she had twice romped with the 17-year-old at Port St. Lucie High School.
The chemistry teacher was tutoring the boy when she sexually assaulted the boy twice before she was arrested last year.
Geliga, a mum of four, was arrested after she admitted having sex with the victim during a police sting.
Officers listened in on a conversation between the boy and Geliga, who bragged about their two sex sessions.
A painting of a nude by Amedeo Modigliani is expected to fetch $150 million, the highest ever pre-sale estimate for an artwork at auction, Sotheby's said on Tuesday as the work was unveiled in Hong Kong.
Painted in 1917, "Nu couché (sur le côté gauche)" is one of only nine Modigliani nudes in private collectors' hands, making the sale exceptionally rare.
The 147-centimetre-wide oil painting is the largest of the Italian painter's works.
It depicts a nude woman lying on her left side and looking back at the audience, and is the only one of Modigliani's works to depict the entire naked female body on canvas.
"The piece of art is undeniably, tremendously erotic but in a way that depicts the sitter with a sexuality which is supremely confident and self-possessed," said Simon Shaw, Co-Head Worldwide of Sotheby's Impressionist and Modern Art Department.
The painting will be offered as the highlight of Sotheby's Impressionist and Modern Art Evening Sale in New York on May 14.
Sotheby's did not disclose the identity of the seller.
The previous highest pre-sale estimate for any artwork at auction was $140 million for Pablo Picasso's "Les femmes d'Alger (version O)" in 2015 at Christie's in New York.
Another of Modigliani's nudes was sold for $170.4 million in New York in 2015 to a Chinese collector.
The world record hammer price was broken in 2017 with the $450 million sale of Leonardo da Vinci's "Salvator Mundi". It had been estimated to sell for $100 million.
Wealthy Asian buyers have shown frenzied interest and deep pockets at art auctions in recent years, with sales of paintings, diamonds and ancient ceramics shattering world records.
"Many of the greatest works of western art from the 20th century have sold to Asian collectors in recent times, so we think unveiling the picture here is the right move," Shaw said at the Hong Kong unveiling.
The most influential women in the art world gathered in Miami to celebrate artist Abigail DeVille, director of the city's Institute of Contemporary Art Ellen Salpeter, and collector Irma Braman.
Art Basel Magazine editor Sue Hostetler hosted the Women in Arts luncheon, telling guests including Tracey Emin, Es Devlin and Michele Oka Doner about the changing environment in the art world for women.
The lunch at Scarpetta included Mera Rubell, Sara Fitzmaurice, Sotheby's Lisa Dennison and Amy Cappellazzo, curator and professor Isolde Brielmaier, Alicia Goldstein, Ingrid Casares and Patricia Tortolani, the new editor of Ocean Drive.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
Bloomberg
After clinching a deal with a Chinese battery maker in 2016, James Brown figured bankers would be eager to fund his new lithium mine.
Altura Mining Ltd was racing to ship the raw material from Australia to the world's biggest electric vehicle market as demand was surging.
Instead, while lithium prices kept rising, Brown spent a Christmas holiday cold-calling lenders and jetted around the globe to raise the money.
Eventually, Minneapolis-based Castlelake LP, a private equity firm, helped arrange US$110 million in bonds, but there was a catch: an interest rate as high as 15 percent, or almost double what banks normally charge for more conventional mining ventures.
“We'd been trying banks we'd known for years,” said Altura managing director Brown, who previously spent 22 years with coal producer New Hope Corp. “They said: Guys we love it, we just don't have a mandate [for lithium]. If you came to us with coal, gold or iron ore, you'd have no worries.”
Despite bullish forecasts for global demand — especially with accelerating production of electric vehicles — lithium might have a funding problem.
Banks are wary, citing everything from the industry's poor track record on delivering earlier projects to a lack of insight into a small, opaque market.
Without more investment, supplies of the commodity could remain tight, sustaining a boom that has already has seen prices triple since 2015.
Lithium companies need to invest about US$12 billion to increase output fivefold by 2025 and keep pace with the world's growing appetite for batteries, according to Galaxy Resources Ltd, an Australian producer seeking to build further operations in Argentina and Canada.
Developers say that, so far, projects are not getting financed fast enough to achieve that leap.
Battery producers and automakers “have absolutely no clue on how long it takes to be able to put a mining project into operation,” said Nemaska Lithium Inc chief executive Guy Bourassa, whose company spent about 18 months piecing together a complex C$1.1 billion (US$830 million) funding program for a mine and processing plant in Quebec.
“There will be a big problem — it's going to be an impediment” to raising supply, he said.
An “inability to access traditional funds has delayed the development of the sector,” said Brisbane-based Orocobre Ltd chief executive Richard Seville, whose company began lithium sales in 2015 from Argentina and experienced difficulty boosting output. “These projects aren't easy — so the banks just don't want to go there.”
While the amount of debt raised by miners, including loans and bonds, rose last year to about US$255 billion, project-specific financing of about US$13 billion last year is more than 70 percent lower than in 2014, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
So far this year, about US$6.1 billion in total has been issued for projects.
Some new deposits are being developed in riskier emerging markets or nations on the edge of investment-grade credit ratings, such as Argentina, said Lee Garvey at Marsh & McLennan Cos, an insurance broker that has seen an increase in policies related to lithium projects.
“With lithium, there is the added complexity that there is not much clarity around the end product and what the royalty should be,” Garvey said. “This probably makes the whole thing more challenging, particularly in frontier markets.”
Groups of young people clashed with police in the western French city of Nantes late Tuesday after a 22-year-old man was shot dead by an officer during a police check.
Cars were burned and a shopping centre partly set alight in the Breil neighbourhood as police confronted young people, some armed with Molotov cocktails.
The circumstances in which the man was killed are being investigated by the police.
The incident occurred around 8:30pm (18:30 GMT) when police stopped a vehicle over an infraction, local police chief Jean-Christophe Bertrand said.
The identity of the driver was “not clear and officers received orders to bring the driver to the police station.” The driver then hit and slightly injured a police officer, he added.
“One of his colleagues then fired, hitting the young man who unfortunately died,” he said.
Police sources confirmed the young man was wounded during a police check while in a vehicle after he “refused to comply” with police requests.
He was hit in the carotid artery and declared dead on arrival at hospital, the police sources said.
National police are investigating to clarify “the facts and determine in what circumstances the policeman used his weapon,” said Pierre Sennes, the public prosecutor for Nantes.
Steven, 24, who lives in the area, told an AFP journalist that he had “heard explosions” and headed to investigate.
“I saw everything burning. There were fires in the bins, the cars. They were breaking everything. It lasted ages,” he said, adding that things later calmed down.
Violence also broke out in two other sensitive areas, Dervallieres and Malakoff, where vehicles were also set on fire.
Police reinforcements are expected in Nantes, especially in the Breil neighbourhood, which was already on high alert after an incident last week possibly involving a military weapon, according to a source close to the case.
Inspectors from the world's chemical weapons watchdog on Monday began examining the poison used to strike down a former Russian double agent in England, in an attack that London blames on Moscow.
Britain says Sergei Skripal and his daughter, who are critically ill in hospital, were targeted with the Soviet-era military-grade nerve agent Novichok. It accuses Moscow of stockpiling the toxin and investigating how to use it in assassinations.
Russian President Vladimir Putin, who easily won another six-year term on Sunday, said the claims were nonsense and that Russia had destroyed all its chemical weapons. While the Kremlin told Britain to back up its assertions or apologise, Britain's fellow EU members offered it “unqualified solidarity”.
Skripal, a former colonel in Russian military intelligence who betrayed dozens of Russian agents to Britain, was found collapsed along with his daughter on a bench in the small southern city of Salisbury two weeks ago.
The identification of Novichok as the weapon has become the central pillar of Britain's case for Russia's culpability. Each has expelled 23 of the other's diplomats as their relations have sunk to a post-Cold War low.
On Monday, inspectors from the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) began running independent tests on samples taken from Salisbury to verify the British analysis, said an OPCW source speaking on condition of anonymity.
“The team from The Hague will meet with officials from the Defence Science and Technology Laboratory and the police to discuss the process for collecting samples, including environmental ones,” Britain's Foreign Office said.
“ABSURD DENIALS”
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday, before meeting his European Union counterparts in Brussels, that Russian denials of responsibility were “increasingly absurd”.
“This is a classic Russian strategy of trying to conceal the needle of truth in a haystack of lies and obfuscation. They're not fooling anybody any more,” Johnson told reporters.
“There is scarcely a country around the table here in Brussels that has not been affected in recent years by some kind of malign or disruptive Russian behaviour.”
EU diplomats cautioned there was no immediate prospect of fresh economic sanctions on Russia, but the assembled EU foreign ministers did offer strong verbal support.
“The European Union takes extremely seriously the UK government's assessment that it is highly likely that the Russian Federation is responsible,” said their statement.
They said using a nerve agent for the first time on European soil for 70 years would be a clear violation of the Chemical Weapons Convention, which the OPCW safeguards, and that it represented a “security threat to us all”.
Ready for The weekend yo ! @bollare #danegirls #weekend #feels #fbf #vacationmode #mygirls #friyay #preparingfor46 A post shared by Rebecca Gayheart (@rebeccagayheartdane) on Aug 11, 2017 at 12:50pm PDT
Rebecca Gayheart's shared a sweet picture of her celebrating her 46th birthday with her two girls, just days after her sister Rachel tragically died in the hospital, RadarOnline.com can report.
“Ready for The weekend yo,” she captioned the photo f her smiling next to her adorable daughters in their colorful bikinis.
As Radar revealed this past Saturday, Rachel died at the Hazard ARH Medical Center Hospital in Kentucky following some time in jail.
PHOTOS: Eric Dane Makes First Public Appearance Since His Depression Battle
“She came to the jail first, then died in the hospital yesterday after being in the hospital three or four days,” jail administrator Lonnie Brewer, told Radar. “I don't know what the cause of death is.”
As Rachel's father confirmed, she had had ‘had problems with drugs” in the past, and had already been arrested three times.
Her sister, however, seems to be getting along just fine with her happy family during their sunny vacation.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
Bloomberg and AP, BEIRUT
Russia plans to hold talks with the US and the UN next week in Geneva aimed at breathing new life into the Syrian peace process, state media reported, in what would mark the first such contacts since the new administration of US President Donald Trump took office.
UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura has agreed to attend and Russia is awaiting confirmation from US officials, the TASS news service yesterday quoted Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov as saying.
Russia will be represented at talks on Monday next week by Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov, TASS reported, citing an unidentified Russian diplomat.
Russia and the US have been at loggerheads since Trump ordered a missile strike on Syria earlier this month in retaliation for a chemical attack blamed on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson failed to resolve the tensions at talks last week, which came hours before Russia vetoed a UN Security Council resolution that demanded al-Assad's government cooperate with an investigation.
The long-running UN-sponsored Syria peace talks are due to resume next month.
Meanwhile, the evacuation of more than 3,000 Syrians scheduled to take place on Sunday from four areas was postponed, opposition activists said.
News of the postponement came as the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights updated the death toll from a suicide car-bomb attack on buses carrying evacuees from government-held towns, including Foua and Kfarya, on Saturday.
At least 80 children were among the 126 people killed in the attack, the Britain-based observatory said.
A wounded girl, who said she lost her four siblings in the blast, told al-Manar TV from her hospital bed that children who had been deprived of food for years in the two towns were approached by a man in the car who told them to come and eat potato chips.
She said once many had gathered, there was an explosion that tore some of the children to pieces.
It was not immediately clear if the evacuees who were to travel on Sunday feared attacks similar to Saturday's bombing.
However, the delay came as shells fired by the Islamic State group on government-held parts of the eastern city of Deir el-Zour wounded two members of a Russian media delegation visiting the area, according to state-run Syrian Arab News Agency
Russia's Anna-News military news service, which employs the journalists, said one was wounded in the arm while the other suffered leg and stomach wounds.
The news service said the two were evacuated adding that their condition was “satisfactory.”
Additional reporting by AFP
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
Photojournalist Jeremy Erickson is bringing us a bit of a throwback version of Sights and Sounds.
He stopped by The Coin Slot in Traverse City, where some gamers are playing the classics.
President Barack Obama and his family return to White House from their annual Hawaiian vacation today, but the president still managed to hit his Twitter account on the first day of the New Year.
As with the rest of us, the president may realize that he is really looking at his last days in office. For the last 17 days, the POTUS will reportedly be working on ways to protect his healthcare reform legacy as well as announce last minute pardons and clemencies.
And speaking of legacy, the president let folks know in a series of Tweets what a Barack Obama presidency has done for the nation.
President Obama began by humbly thanking the people for the progress that they “made possible over these past 8 years” (always a nice touch, especially when SOME people always put the spotlight on themselves.)
As we look ahead to the future, I wanted to take a moment to look back on the remarkable progress that you made possible these past 8 years. — President Obama (@POTUS) January 1, 2017
He also thanked the people for miraculous job growth (thanks, O).
Facing the worst financial crisis in 80 years, you delivered the longest streak of job growth in our history. pic.twitter.com/Vk3PfRgZqF — President Obama (@POTUS) January 1, 2017
And then noted that now nearly every American has healthcare.
After decades of rising health care costs, today nearly every American now has access to the financial security of affordable health care. pic.twitter.com/5e4nEcCxIM — President Obama (@POTUS) January 1, 2017
Hit his commitment to clean air and renewable energy …
We traded foreign oil for clean energy, we doubled fuel efficiency standards, & we acted on a global scale to save the one planet we've got. pic.twitter.com/7alrOtHNIr — President Obama (@POTUS) January 1, 2017
Shouted out the fact that most of our troops are now home and not embroiled in a costly war …
We brought home more of our troops & strengthened U.S. leadership—leading with diplomacy & partnering with nations to meet global problems. — President Obama (@POTUS) January 1, 2017
And then crowed about the fact that marriage equality is now the law of the land …
From realizing marriage equality to removing barriers to opportunity, we've made history in our work to reaffirm that all are created equal. — President Obama (@POTUS) January 1, 2017
Our favorite POTUS then bowed out graciously by thanking the people for the privilege of serving as president.
It's been the privilege of my life to serve as your President. I look forward to standing with you as a citizen. Happy New Year everybody. — President Obama (@POTUS) January 1, 2017
The president will give his final address to the nation in Chicago on January 10.
Photo: Kyle Loftus (Unsplash)
Summer is truly the worst. I loathe sweating and chafing, and I find wearing sunscreen only slightly more bearable than wearing hats. Of course, I love wearing makeup—but my oily skin makes its own makeup remover all day long, and it works overtime in hot weather.
Given enough time, sebum will melt makeup all on its own, and throwing sweat into the mix only makes its job easier. Keeping makeup from melting off your face in the summer is a truly Sisyphean task, and after several years of trial and error, I've finally figured out what actually works. Some of these tricks boil down to ingredients and some are all technique, but I think that everyone—especially my fellow grease monsters—will find at least one of these suggestions immensely useful.
Film Formers Are Your Friends
Photo: A.A. Newton
Choosing cosmetics with high proportions of film-forming agents is extra important in the summertime. Film formers are a specific sub-category of polymers; their extended, chain-like molecular structures encourage the formation of flexible films across hair, skin, and nails. Any ingredient that contains the words “polymer” or “vinyl” is a film-forming agent (here's an exhaustive list of dimethicone copolymers), as are these:
Siloxane polymers, including cyclopentasiloxane and other cyclomethicones
including cyclopentasiloxane and other cyclomethicones Nylon-12
Acrylates
Acrylamides
Nylon-12, dimethicone copolymers and various siloxanes create soft, flexible films, making them a key ingredient in liquid-y, spreadable cosmetics like foundation and concealer. Acrylate and acrylamide polymers are quite a bit stronger, comprising the bulk of bulletproof formulations like eyeshadow primers and fixing sprays. Speaking of which...
Advertisement
Start—And Finish—With A Fixing Spray
Photo: A.A. Newton
If you only have room in your routine for one hot-weather makeup trick, make it this one. A proper fixing spray will change your life, especially if you use it before and after applying makeup. Spritzing your face post-sunscreen creates an even surface for makeup application; the final spritz seals everything in place, like a beautiful sandwich.
Advertisement
There's a difference between setting sprays—which are everywhere these days—and fixing sprays. Setting sprays (MAC Fix Plus is the archetype) are water-based and full of humectants like glycerin; they melt layers of powder together, usually smell delicious, and make your skin look awfully nice. Unlike fixing sprays, though, they don't contain strong film formers, so setting sprays don't do shit for longevity. Oily-skinned people should skip the expensive setting sprays sold at Sephora and head straight for theater makeup brands, whose fixing sprays are both potent and reasonably-priced. I've used Mehron Barrier Spray for years, but anything that contains specially denatured (SD) alcohol and some flavor of acrylate/acrylamide polymers does the trick.
Some people get really worked up about alcohol in cosmetics, but the dose makes the poison. Fixing sprays are applied sparingly over wide areas, and the alcohol evaporates off almost instantly. A few spritzes will not damage your skin, and oily complexions need the improved film former solubility provided by alcohol-based formulas.
Advertisement
Minimize Your Base
Photo: A.A. Newton
The only surefire way to keep your foundation from melting in the heat is to not wear any, but that's not always an option. I've battled pretty gnarly inflammatory acne for nearly a decade, and there were long stretches of time when I sure as hell didn't feel comfortable going out in public bare-faced.
Advertisement
Applying thick, pigment-dense formulations in a targeted manner is the best way to cover anything you don't like about your skin—and the less you use, the better, especially when it's hot outside. I use a heavy-duty concealer like MAC Pro Longwear (my shade is NC20), Kevyn Aucoin Sensual Skin Enhancer (Sx03), or Make Up For Ever Full Cover (5 or 6). Drugstore brands do fabulous under-eye concealers, but their thick, camouflage-style concealers fall short in formula, shade range, or both. (Pro tip: you can order a five-dollar sample tub of Sensual Skin Enhancer from Camera Ready Cosmetics. I've had mine, pictured below, since October 2015.)
Photo: A.A. Newton
As far as technique goes, Lisa Eldridge has excellent tutorials on base makeup for acne, rosacea, and vitiligo, and Emily Noel's in-depth video on melasma coverage is great—but anyone who needs or wants to wear foundation can learn something from these tutorials.
Advertisement
Use The Right Tools
Photo: A.A. Newton
When it comes to oil control, the formula of your powder matters far less than the tool you use to apply it. Brushes, even very dense ones, don't lay down enough powder to effectively set makeup on oily skin. Old-school velour puffs and sponges, on the other hand, leave behind a continuous layer of powder wherever they land. Pressing powder in with a puff keeps my face matte much longer than dusting it on with a brush, which means that my makeup lasts longer, too. I use Make Up For Ever Super Matte loose powder, but any formula that's starch- or talc-based works for oil control; Innisfree No Sebum mineral powder is especially good.
Advertisement
Beware of Waterproof Eye Makeup
Photo: A.A. Newton
Waterproof formulas dissolve in oil, not water; they'll survive an ugly cry, but oily eyelids eat ‘em alive. A good eyeshadow primer—which is just concentrated film former paste—extends wear time, but apart from that, people with very oily skin should skip waterproof eye makeup altogether.
Advertisement
I truly loathe waterproof mascara, which I only buy if I'm attending a wedding that's definitely gonna make me cry. On a day-to-day basis, I wear “regular” formulas like Cover Girl LashBlast—which has inexplicably survived hours and hours of summertime pickup soccer—and Benefit Roller Lash. Tubing mascara is popular among people who live in super humid climates, but I haven't found one I like more than my standby formulas. Everyone likes different things in a mascara, so experiment until you find your favorite.
Eyeliner and eyeshadow get messy fast on oily skin; part of the reason I wear so little eye makeup is because my eyelids obliterate it within a few hours. Layering products does help somewhat: my go-to order of operations is NARS Pro Prime (I also like Milani's eyeshadow primer) followed by a smudged-out gel pencil, topped with powder eyeshadow. I can get about six hours out of this combination before it creases noticeably, but it's kind of a pain, so I save eye makeup for special, indoor, occasions—if I'm going to be outside in hot weather, I put on sunglasses and call it a day.
Advertisement
Carry Blotting Papers
Photo: A.A. Newton
Cosmetic companies that claim all-day oil control tell nothing but lies. If your skin is oily, some amount of shine is going to happen. That's okay—God gave us blotting papers for precisely this reason. Keep a stash of rice paper, porous polypropylene sheets, or good ol' toilet seat covers in your purse, wallet, or pocket for mid-day shine control.
Advertisement
It's unrealistic to expect a full face of makeup to emerge unscathed from a day of ninety-degree weather; entropy makes fools of us all in the end. With the right techniques, though, you can at least expect your makeup to survive all those upcoming outdoor weddings and graduations—just don't forget your sunscreen.
AP, BOISE, Idaho
A three-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at her birthday party died on Monday, two days after a man invaded the celebration and attacked nine people with a knife, authorities said.
Timmy Kinner is accused of stabbing a group of children and the adults who tried to protect them at the party at an apartment complex that is home to many refugee families.
Word of the child's death came at Kinner's first court appearance, where Ada County Magistrate Judge Russell Comstock told him that he was charged with first-degree murder and other felonies in connection with the Saturday night attack.
Comstock told Kinner he was “an extreme danger to the community” and ordered him held without bond.
Kinner is a US citizen and the victims are members of refugee families from Syria, Iraq and Ethiopia.
Boise Police Chief William Bones said the evidence does not suggest the attack was a hate crime.
The suspect had recently stayed at the apartment complex, but was asked to leave on Friday over bad behavior, Bones said.
The 30-year-old appeared in court through closed-circuit video, a common practice for first appearances in Idaho.
Wearing a tattered off-white sweatshirt with his arms shackled to his waist, Kinner told the judge he did not understand the charges or proceedings.
He also said he wanted to represent himself.
The judge ordered that he be appointed a public defender anyway.
“I can't explain the charges any more clearly than I just did,” he told Kinner.
Three of the stabbing victims were adults, the others children: the three-year-old girl who died, two four-year-olds, a six-year-old, an eight-year-old and a 12-year-old.
If convicted, Kinner could be eligible for execution under Idaho law.
Ada County Prosecutor Jan Bennetts said her office has not yet decided whether to seek the death penalty, saying those “high-level decisions” are made only after all the facts are in.
Monday evening, about 1,500 people turned out at a vigil honoring members of refugee families targeted in the stabbing.
People wept, sang and shouted their support for the refugee community, and many brought bouquets of white flowers intended to symbolize peace.
By the end of the rally, hundreds of bouquets filled dozens of baskets on the steps of Boise's City Hall.
SINGAPORE: Marine biology students and conservation volunteers can look forward to exploring coral reefs at Sisters' Islands Marine Park without actually having to go underwater with a new interactive Virtual Reality (VR) underwater simulation.
Eyes on Habitat: Coral Reefs is a collaboration between local startup Hiverlab, the Info-comm Media Development Authority (IMDA)'s PIXEL Labs and DHI Water and Environment.
In a joint press release on Wednesday (Feb 15), the developers said the training tool will enhance the training of marine biologists and reef monitoring volunteers as they learn methods in the assessment and monitoring of coral reefs, orientate themselves on monitoring protocols and practice their identification skills in a virtual setting before they embark on actual dives.
Eyes on Habitat: Coral Reefs simulation. (Photos: Hiverlab)
Currently, the developers added, instructors have to overcome the limited visibility usually experienced in Singapore waters, as well as the limitation of communication to visual cues and hand signals when training large groups of students or volunteers in habitat monitoring of underwater environments.
During the 30-minutes "dive", users will be virtually guided along the reef to identify various marine organisms and can submit their answers using their Samsung VR headsets.
The development of the product took five months to complete and is now in its prototype stage.
A man wearing a VR headset at a demonstration for the prototype. (Photo: Vanessa Lim)
Moving forward, Hiverlab said it was looking at creating a collaborative platform where 3D scans and photogrammetry of corals and reefs can be crowdsourced to recreational divers, marine biologists and non-governmental organisations. This will allow it to cover more coral reefs around the world and create educational programs or workshops based on the data, it explained.
A standalone prototype of Eyes on Habitat: Coral Reefs will be made available to the public at PIXEL Labs at National Design Centre and Jurong Regional Library in March.
Staff writer, with CNA
The Ministry of Transportation and Communications (MOTC) has commissioned a feasibility study on whether Taipei International Airport (Songshan airport) should be closed and its flights moved to the nation's main international gateway in Taoyuan.
The study is focused on “technical” issues — such as whether Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport should be categorized as a dedicated international airport or one that accommodates both international and domestic flights — and the impact of expanding its services, the ministry said.
The study is being carried out by the Civil Aeronautics Administration (CAA) and Taoyuan International Airport Corp, and is expected to be completed by the end of the year, it added.
The ministry said it would also examine whether the Taoyuan airport would be able to handle the additional flights if Songshan airport is closed.
The Taoyuan airport handles about 50 international and regional flights per hour, while Songshan airport handles fewer than 20 per hour, some of which are regional flights.
Since the 2015 crash of a passenger plane in Taipei's Nangang District (南港) shortly after takeoff from Songshan airport, there have been calls for the airport's closure amid safety concerns.
When the plane plunged into the Keelung River (基隆河) in Taipei, 43 of the 58 people on board were killed and 15 were injured. Two people in a taxi that was clipped by the wing of the falling plane were also injured.
Taipei Mayor Ko Wen-je (柯文哲) is one of the people who have been calling for the closure of Songshan airport and the relocation of its services to the airport in Taoyuan. The city government has said it plans to turn the land into a park.
The urban renewal argument has been supported by Feng Cheng-min (馮正民), a professor in the Department of Transportation and Logistics Management at National Chiao Tung University, while saying that it would take more time for Taipei residents to get to an airport.
He added that the third runway at the Taoyuan airport would have to be completed before the operations of Songshan airport could be relocated there.
The Taoyuan airport runway is expected to be completed by the end of 2025, five years ahead of schedule, while a new airport MRT line between Taipei and Taoyuan is likely to begin operations in the next few weeks, offering faster travel between the nation's capital and its main gateway.
However, even with those facilities in place, there would still be the challenges of managing air traffic at the busy Taoyuan airport if it has to handle both jetliners and turboprop aircraft, senior air traffic control officers said.
The Taoyuan airport handles only jetliners, while Songshan airport accommodates some turboprop aircraft, they said.
Alex Lu (盧衍良), an assistant professor at the Department of Air Transportation at Kainan University, said the concerns about the safety of Songshan airport were being overplayed, citing Japan, South Korea, the UK and the US as examples of countries with airports in metropolitan areas.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio- The spirit of giving was in full effect as the area law enforcement made sure kids got Christmas gifts this year.
The Associates Lodge of Fraternal Order of Police hosted its annual ‘Shop with a Cop' event at Walmart North in Zanesville. 40 to 50 children were taken around the store by law enforcement and given an opportunity to pick out clothes and toys for the holiday season. They were able to get $100 worth of presents.
“We love doing this. It's about spending time with the children and having a positive influence between the officers and the children. We prepare for this all year long. We have several different fundraisers we do,” said FOP President Jim Hicks.
Officers go out everyday to make a difference in the community. This event gave officers a chance to meet with the kids and interact with them in a completly positive role.
“It gives the opportunity for the community with their children to see the other sides of police officers. We bleed, we hurt, we cry, just like anybody else. When the kids see us in this atmosphere, it gives a lighter side where as if we have to go to their home or to their school it may have a negative aspect,” said President of the Fraternal Order of Police Zane Lodge 5, Steve Jones.
The FOP collects donations through the year to make this event possible. This year they were able to raise almost $6,000.
Bloomberg
An escalation of trade tensions could add to defaults in China's financial system, which is already in the midst of a deleveraging campaign, JPMorgan Chase & Co said.
If US President Donald Trump imposes sweeping tariffs on Chinese imports later this week, there will be spinoff effects on the country's financial sector, JPMorgan Asia Pacific vice chairman Jing Ulrich (李晶) said.
Consumer demand and the wider economy are likely to weaken and that might “translate into worse credit quality down the road,” Ulrich said in an interview in Hong Kong on Friday.
That would add to some Chinese firms' repayment difficulties at a time when the country is already seeing bond defaults, she said.
Bank shares on Monday fell sharply of the Friday deadline for a decision on whether Trump is to slap tariffs on US$34 billion of Chinese goods, a move that Beijing has vowed to match.
China's smaller banks are most vulnerable to the outbreak of a trade war, Ulrich said.
China's steps to cut debt are already straining liquidity in its banking system. The nation's broadest measure of new credit slumped in May to the lowest in almost two years.
Net financing by company bond sales turned negative for the first time since June last year, with more debt maturing than was issued, People's Bank of China data showed.
Even so, China is better placed than most of its emerging-market peers to weather any trade war, Ulrich said.
Effective currency and capital controls have contained outflows, market valuations are “much more reasonable” than they were during the meltdown of 2015 and China's biggest banks benefit from strong capital ratios, she said.
JPMorgan predicts that China will lower borrowing costs for cash-strapped companies, such as small firms and those in the property sector, to avert a rise in delinquencies. The bank is penciling in two further cuts in reserve requirements later this year as a way to stimulate more lending and ease pressure on Chinese companies.
“The risk can be reduced, by releasing more liquidity,” Ulrich said. “China's leadership has more tools at hand.”
AFP, MIAMI
Most of the people infected with Ebola in the West Africa epidemic that began in 2014 got sick through contact with a small number of “superspreaders” with the disease, researchers said on Monday.
The study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences shows such “superspreaders” can be extremely dangerous when it comes to infectious disease outbreaks.
The West African Ebola epidemic was the largest in history and killed more than 11,300 people, with many of the cases involving people infected while caring for a sick person or burying a body.
“We now see the role of superspreaders as larger than initially suspected,” said coauthor Benjamin Dalziel, an assistant professor of population biology in the College of Science at Oregon State University. “It was the cases you didn't see that really drove the epidemic, particularly people who died at home, without making it to a care center.”
At the time, researchers counted cases according to those seen in medical centers, but they later realized these were a small fraction of the total.
“There wasn't a lot of transmission once people reached hospitals and care centers,” Dalziel said.
“In our analysis we were able to see a web of transmission that would often track back to a community-based superspreader,” he said.
Researchers said 61 percent of those infected with the disease caught it from people accounting for just 3 percent of those who got sick.
The study included researchers from Princeton University, Oregon State University, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies, the Imperial College London and the US National Institutes of Health.
If superspreading had been completely under control about two-thirds of Ebola cases could have been avoided, the report said.
Superspreaders have also played a role in the epidemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, in 2003 and Middle East respiratory syndrome in 2012.
The Governor of Zamfara State, Abdulaziz Yari, and his counterpart Abubakar Badaru of Jigawa State, on Wednesday received several decampees from the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Jigawa.
Mr Yari was in Jigawa to compliment President Muhammadu Buhari's recent visit to the state. He was also billed to commission projects that were not commissioned by the president during his two-day working visit to the state.
The PDP had earlier described Mr Buhari's visit to Jigawa as a laughable charade. It said the projects commissioned by the president were not worth mentioning.
But Mr Badaru said the projects were many and the president did not have ample time to commission them.
The event, which took place at Jahun Local Government Area of the state witnessed the commissioning of the Jahun township road and that of Gagarawa Bosowa.
At the event, the state party chairman, Sani Kiri commended the the leader of the decampees, Ibrahim Aujara for leading them (decampees) “to replace their PDP membership cards with that of the APC.”
Mr Kiri assured all the decampees of fair and equal treatment in the party.
Meanwhile, at the same event, irate youth protested against the member representing Jahun/Miga constituency, Sa'idu Miga, chanting derogatory songs even as they attempted to pull him out of his car. They were reportedly angry at his poor performance.
The police had to wade in by securing the lawmaker from the angry mob.
In his remarks, Mr Yari, described the mammoth crowd gathered at the occasion as overwhelming. He said Mr Badaru would not need to come back to the area for a reelection campaign going by the support he enjoys.
He also expressed satisfaction with the governor's performance despite the low internally generated income of the state.
Mr Badaru commended President Buhari for Paris club refund and other interventions to the states.
This statement was originally published on wan-ifra.org on 27 November 2017.
By Colette Davidson
In July 2016, elementary school worker Philando Castile's shooting death by a Minnesota police officer captivated the United States. His girlfriend Diamond Reynolds had pulled out her cell phone at the time of Castile's death, filming the scene and live blogging it on Facebook. While there were aspects of his death that remained contentious, much of what happened was available for the world to see.
Reynolds probably didn't consider herself a citizen journalist at the time, but she - and so many others around the globe - are using their cell phones to record daily events and broadcast them across social media. They're going where mainstream journalists can't go, where authorities aren't, and they're providing information that isn't available anywhere else. Citizen journalists are changing the news media landscape of today - only many wouldn't call themselves as such.
Dr Saqib Riaz, an associate professor of mass communication at Allama Iqbal Open University in Islamabad, Pakistan, says the title has changed but the phenomenon is still the same.
"Now, social media has taken the job of citizen journalism," he says. "Basically, social media is an advanced form of citizen journalism that has made it possible for each and every person to be a citizen journalist, upload still and moving images, photographs, videos, audios, comments and many other things."
Less than a decade ago, social media was just starting to find its footing. When smart phone technology exploded around the world in 2013, recording daily events and uploading content via social media became commonplace. And that threatened - and continues to threaten - how professional journalists do their jobs. As it is physically impossible for journalists to be present at every event, social movement or crime scene in the world, people rely heavily on this new form of citizen journalism.
"When things happen or there's breaking news, we expect citizens to be there and to be the first ones on the scene," says Stuart Allan, Professor and Head of the School of Journalism, Media and Cultural Studies at Cardiff University.
But Allan says that while experts may call the phenomenon citizen journalism, not all citizens may be aware that they're taking part in creating the news.
"There are plenty of people who go to the scene, document it with a cell phone and upload it to social media but don't consider themselves journalists," says Allan. "And then there are some people who have a desk job during the day and at night will go to cover a local meeting at night now that their local paper doesn't exist."
In the same way citizen journalism functioned years ago as a way for little-known news to get reported, the current social media documentation of events offers a way for people to get news about anything and everything. And the mainstream media - while it has mixed feelings about the role of social media in capturing the news - relies heavily on this information.
"Many untold and unreported news stories appear every day on social media and traditional media picks them up and publishes or broadcasts them," says Dr. Riaz. "If you see something happening before you, you can simply record it on your phone and share it on social media. This is the simple philosophy and strength of today's citizen journalism."
Social media can also go where mainstream media won't go, due to safety concerns. Citizen journalists have been vital to getting news from Syria since its seven-year-long civil war began. Most mainstream media outlets in the West have been unwilling to send journalists to Yemen to report on the on-going crisis, due to fears for their safety. And in the tribal areas of Pakistan, where the country's 2,000-kilometer border with Afghanistan has become a war zone in the last two decades, social media has played an essential role in the war against terrorism.
"It was only citizen journalism that captured many terrorism-related activities and later on, this news was picked up by the international media," says Dr. Riaz.
But while the international media often welcomes content from citizen journalists, there are times when it seems to hinder professional reporting. The ease with which citizens can upload content online makes it infinitely impossible to verify sources and information, and has given rise to an onslaught of fake news.
US President Donald Trump's use of Twitter to broadcast information has been impulsive at best, with numerous instances of nefarious or dubious information gracing his social media account - only to later become fodder for mainstream news articles.
Sifting through what is true or not has made traditional media - and their ability to independently verify information indelibly more important. Even amidst the social media storm - and often thanks to it - news outlets are using tried and true techniques to check information uploaded online before republishing it. Dr. Allan says that media houses can verify images by taking them apart or use methods to check whether a person was where they claimed to be.
"The NY Times will say Trump is the best thing to have happened for its subscription rate," says Allan. "People are starting to see that they have to pay for good quality reporting."
While the future of the news and how it is defined is constantly in flux, citizen journalism - and social media - appears to be here to stay. But, according to Allan, there's nothing necessarily wrong with that. He says that while the media needs to have a serious conversation about what good reporting is and how to maintain professional integrity, citizen journalism is "real" news that can certainly enter into the fore.
"In journalism, there's plenty of room for a healthy, vibrant debate that includes as many people as possible," says Allan. "It just makes it more of a challenge."
- Advertisement -
Russian President Vladimir Putin has made a surprise visit to a Russian base in Syria and ordered the start of his troops' withdrawal from the war-torn country.
Syrian state TV reported that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad met with Putin at Khmeimim Air Base southeast of Latakia on Monday morning.
Russia's state news agency Novosti cited Putin as saying that “in general, the combat work in this territory is completed by the complete eradication of terrorists”.
Putin made the stop in Syria on his way to Egypt where is scheduled to meet President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi.
As the Syrian government's main ally in the war, Russia started its intervention in September 2015, after an official request by the Syrian government for military help against rebel groups.
Since then, Russia mainly conducted air strikes against goups opposed to the government, including the Syrian National Coalition, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), al-Nusra Front, and other rebel groups.
In addition, Russian military advisors and special operations forces are stationed in Syria. Prior to the intervention, Russian involvement in the war had mainly consisted of supplying the Syrian army.
- Advertisement -
‘Saving Syria'
In November, Assad thanked Putin for “saving” his country and for Russia's support in Syria.
The two heads of state met for talks in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi on November 22 to discuss the fight against “terrorism” and the possibilities for a political settlement in Syria, which has entered its seventh year of war.
After the meeting, Assad in a statement expressed his readiness to hold discussions with parties interested in resolving the conflict.
In response, Putin commended Assad's cooperation.
Last month, various factions, including the Syrian government and opposition groups, met in Kazakhstan's capital for talks aimed at implementing a lasting ceasefire agreement.
Several international initiatives to end the war have commenced over the years, including an attempt at establishing four “de-escalation zones” across the country, with Russia, Turkey and Iran acting as guarantors.
To date, some 465,000 people have died in the conflict, and more than 12 million Syrians have been displaced.
The beautiful bride @brittneeshort can't wait to be part of her special day!
A post shared by Chelsea DeBoer (@chelseahouska) on Jul 1, 2016 at 4:53pm PDT
CHIANG RAI, Thailand: Rescue teams in northern Thailand were giving crash courses in swimming and diving on Wednesday as part of complex preparations to extract a young soccer squad trapped in a cave, and hoping for a swift end to their harrowing 11-day ordeal.
Divers, medics, counsellors and Thai navy SEALS were with the 12 schoolboys and their 25-year-old coach, providing medicines and food while experts assessed conditions for getting them out safely, a task the government said would not be easy.
Advertisement
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters.
"Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," he said, adding that if water levels fell and the flow weakened, they would be taken out quickly.
By late on Tuesday, about 120 million litres of water had been pumped out, or about 1.6 million every hour.
It was unclear what the options were to get the "Wild Boar" team out of the Tham Luang caves in Chiang Rai province and how they would be steered through tight, fluid conditions and uncertain weather.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Experts say divers have required three hours to reach the boys, located about 4 km (2.5 miles) from the mouth of the cave.
A group of about 30 divers in wetsuits was seen preparing kit and heading for the caves on Wednesday, accompanied by military personnel and a foreign cave expert.
A video released by the SEALS showed two rescuers seated on an elevated part of the cave beside boys wrapped in emergency foil blankets who appeared to be in good spirits, occasionally laughing.
A torch is shone on each boy, who says hello and introduces himself with head bowed and palms pressed together in a traditional "wai" greeting.
A young player wears what appears to be the red jersey of the England soccer team in Tuesday's World Cup second-round victory over Colombia. Another wears the blue shirt of English team Chelsea.
NIGHTMARE OUTING
The group was discovered by the SEALS and two British cave diving experts on Monday, having been incommunicado since June 23, when a post-practice outing went awry, prompting the high-profile search and rescue effort.
News that the team had survived sparked relief, celebrations and an outpouring of praise in a country transfixed by the drama and its almost blanket media coverage.
Chiang Rai Governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said the authorities were keen to get the boys out and suggested it might have to happen in phases, but only when safe.
"All 13 don't have to come out at the same time," he told reporters. "Who is ready first can go first."
Officials have dismissed as speculation reports that the boys could be trapped for up to four months, although supplies have been prepared for that period of time.
Weerachon Sukondhapatipak, a deputy government spokesman, said there was much work to be done in preparing the boys for what could be a demanding task, and rescue teams should not be pressured to act faster.
"Some of them can't swim, so therefore it will take time for them to adjust," he said.
"Officials would teach them how to move, how to dive, how to move their body under those circumstances."
Somboon Sompiangjai, 38, said his son Peerapat, 16, was able to swim, adding that he was confident the SEALS' experience and professionalism would let them get the boys home safely.
"I am not worried if the kids have to swim and dive," he told Reuters.
"I felt much better after seeing the clips with the children in good spirits, even though they were in there for 10 days."
(Additional reporting by Patpicha Tanakasempipat in CHIANG RAI and Chayut Setboonsarng, Pracha Hariraksapitak and Aukkarapon Niyomyat in BANGKOK; Writing by Martin Petty; Editing by Darren Schuettler and Clarence Fernandez)
David Poile won't have much time to ruminate on Nashville's Stanley Cup Final defeat.
Just days after his club lost in Game 6 to Pittsburgh, the Predators GM was back at work, mapping out a course of action for what promises to be an extremely busy rest of June.
“We have a few contracts to do. The most notable are Ryan Johansen and Viktor Arvidsson,” Poile said on Wednesday, per NHL.com. “We'll meet with them in Chicago [at the draft] to start that process next week.”
The Johansen extension will be a big one.
The 24-year-old is a bonaifde No. 1 center, coming off a year in which he co-led the team in scoring — 61 points, tied with Arvidsson — and was dynamic in the playoffs before undergoing season-ending thigh surgery in the Western Conference final.
A restricted free agent, Johansen is coming off a three-year, $12 million pact with a $4M average annual cap hit. The real question now is how big a raise he'll get, and how long the term will be. Other teams have invested heavily in top-line centers around the same age — Winnipeg gave Mark Schiefele $49 million over eight years, Calgary gave Sean Monahan $44M over seven — so this figures to be an expensive negotiation for Poile.
Arvidsson's will be a different, as he's coming off his entry-level deal. But he too is in line for a pay bump, given he led the Predators with 31 goals during the regular season, impressing onlookers with his mix of skill and relentless puck pursuit.
Finally, there's the future of team captain Mike Fisher. He's currently without a contract for next season and, given he just turned 37, there have been discussions about him contemplating retirement. Poile said the Preds want Fisher back, but haven't spoken to him yet.
“We'd like to give him as much time as he needs to make a decision,” Poile said.
Tamra Judge‘s battle with melanoma has come to an end.
On Thursday, the “Real Housewives of Orange County” star revealed she is cancer-free, showing off her surgery scar on Instagram.
“I had Surgury [sic] last week and today I found out I am Melanoma Free,” Judge, 50, wrote. “Margins are clear. Save YOUR ass and get a full body skin check.”
In August, the Bravo star announced she had been diagnosed with skin cancer after finding what appeared to be a “small black flat freckle” on her behind.
“I'm showing you this picture because this is what melanoma looks like,” the mother of four shared in an emotional post. “I don't want sympathy, I want you to save YOUR ass and get your skin checked.”
Judge later celebrated her birthday with husband Eddie and friends in early September, keeping her head held high despite her recent health struggles.
“I'll be fine because my faith is strong and my Ass ain't bad either … I've been a little sad, worried and pissed off. But we caught it early and that makes me happy 😊 Happy birthday to me,” she wrote.
ROCKFORD, Mich. (WOOD) — Crews in Rockford are battling a fire at the Rockford Corner Bar.
Dispatchers say the fire broke out around 4:54 a.m. Monday. The bar is located at 31 N Main Street in Rockford.
Authorities say at least three departments are on scene, and flames were showing from the building when they arrived.
Our crew on scene could see flames shooting from the building as crews worked to put out the fire.
Dispatchers were not able to confirm whether or not anyone was inside at the time of the fire, however they do not believe anyone was inside because the bar was closed when it broke out.
This is a developing story. 24 Hour News 8 has a crew on scene working to learn more information.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
- Advertisement -
The French government has withdrawn infant milk manufactured by the Lactalis group, intended for France and foreign markets, because of a risk of contamination by salmonella.
While Lactalis had already recalled twelve references of infant milks manufactured in its factory in Craon (Mayenne) on December 2, the Ministry of Economy and Finance published Sunday a list of more than 600 lots that are recalled, prohibited to the consumption and export.
The quantities involved are “huge”, acknowledged a spokesman for Lactalis, who presents himself as “world leader in dairy products”.
Bercy explains in his statement that the measures taken by the group since December 2 are “not likely to control the risk of contamination” by these bacteria.
This previous booster was ordered after Salmonella contamination of 20 infants under 6 months of age who had consumed these products.
- Advertisement -
However, five new cases of salmonellosis were reported in infants this week, one of which had consumed a rice milk that was not among the recalled products on 2 December. “These children are fine,” reassured Bercy.
Salmonellosis is a food poisoning that ranges from mild gastroenteritis to more serious infections. They are potentially more dangerous for young children, the elderly or those with weakened immune systems.
The investigations carried out since December 2 “have made it possible to identify and confirm the link between these contaminations and the consumption of infant nutrition products from the LNS group's production lines” (Lactalis Nutrition Santé), Bercy said.
Lactalis spokesman spoke of a “probable cause of contamination on one of our drying towers (from the Craon plant) in the period from 1 to 6 May”.
“As a precaution, it was decided to proceed to a broader recall of all products manufactured since February 15,” he added.
As the Duchess of Cambridge's due date with her third child draws near, the world is anxiously waiting for the arrival of the newest member of the royal family. To tide over royal-watchers, though, there's now an official webpage for Prince William and Kate Middleton's third baby, who is expected to arrive next month, where you can stay updated on all things royal baby.
Head over to www.royal.uk/baby, where you'll see the title of the webpage, "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's third baby." It's exciting, indeed, since the page's sole purpose is to update the public about news of the upcoming royal baby. And there's a lot to be filled in on, since not much has been revealed thus far, aside from the fact that 36-year-old Middleton is due some time in April, according to TIME.
The baby's sex has not been revealed and neither have any name options, though bookies are apparently already placing bets that the baby is a girl and that the name could be Alice, according to Metro. Of course, there were fan theories floating around back in December that the next royal baby will be a boy, so really anything is possible at this point.
Despite all of the bets and speculation, Prince William and Middleton have been remaining relatively low-key when it comes to sharing details about this pregnancy. Hopefully, though, with baby number three's webpage up and running, a few more details about the little guy or gal could be revealed in the coming weeks from the sources themselves.
Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
The page does note that updates "will be posted on this page and on @KensingtonRoyal's Twitter account as they become available." So go ahead and bookmark those pages now. Additionally, the website also recapped that the Prince William and Middleton announced that they're expecting their third child in October 2017. Just below that, there are adorable photos of Prince William and Middleton with their two children, 4-year-old Prince George and 2-year-old Princess Charlotte.
As you scroll down the website, you can find stories about Prince William and Middleton's other two children. For example, there are official stories about Princess Charlott'e's birth and Prince George's first day of school. Unofficially, though, there are plenty of other stories surrounding the Duke and Duchess' third child to help tide you over until that website posts more concrete updates. For instance, according to Us Weekly, baby number three's nursery will reportedly be "filled with hand-me-downs and George and Charlotte's old toys." Seems like even royals can appreciate this tried-and-true money saving technique!
Of course, with such little information shared on the royal website right now, any details you might hear surrounding Middleton's third pregnancy are mostly speculation. But it does show just how thrilled the world is to meet the newest member of the royal family. And, as one source told The Sun, it could happen on a pretty significant day across the pond. "There's no certainty with due dates of course but the Duchess is working off a date around St George's Day and it would be a lovely patriotic coincidence if he or she were born then," the source told The Sun. (For the record, St. George's Day falls on April 23 this year.)
The source also explained to The Sun that, even though Kensington Palace has only confirmed that the Duchess is due in April, it could very well be later in the month. "If she's very late, as she was with George's birth, she could even make it a very special wedding anniversary present to William, as they celebrate seven years of marriage on the 29th April," the source said, according to The Sun.
There will always be fan theories and sources to fill the time between now and Middleton's due date. But if you want to be some of the first to hear the official news about royal baby number three, you might want to set up some alert notifications for this website and Kensington Palace's Twitter page... like now.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
REUTERS: Canadian e-commerce software maker Shopify Inc reported a bigger quarterly loss on Wednesday as operating expenses jumped 80 percent.
The company's net loss widened to US$8.9 million, or 10 cents per share, in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31, from US$6.3 million, or 8 cents per share, a year earlier.
Ottawa-based Shopify, which went public in May 2015, said revenue rose to US$130.4 million from US$70.2 million.
(Reporting by Komal Khettry in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
PIQUA — It is often difficult to express support for friends and loved ones who a facing health issues.
When Angie Hohlbein, longtime manager of the Piqua East of Chicago Pizza location, received the unwelcome news that she was suffering from leukemia and would be undergoing chemotherapy, her employees decided to show their support for their manager — and friend — by shaving their heads.
Jim Miller, owner of East of Chicago, said that his employees wanted to do something to show support for Hohlbein who is loved and respected by those she works with. “This is the crew gathering together behind her,” said Miller.
Miller said that Hohlbein was the first employee that he hired when he purchased the Piqua franchise some 23 years ago. Her personality and performance as manager is shown by the lowest employee turnover rate of any of Miller's restaurants.
Miller said that Hohlbein was diagnosed just after the new year and was quickly hospitalized at the The James Cancer Center in Columbus, where she is undergoing chemotherapy with further treatment being planned.
As word of Hohlbein's hospitalization became known, Miller said, she was “overwhelmed with cards” sent to her hospital room.
Hohlbein, and her husband Mitch, are longtime Piqua residents. The couple has three boys, Brandon, Braden, and Andrew.
Mike Ullery | Daily Call Jim Miller, owner of East of Chicago Pizza on Covington Avenue in Piqua, far left, poses with his employees, many of whom have shaved their heads in support of store manager Angie Hohlbein, who is hospitalized at The James Cancer Center in Columbus while battling leukemia. Hohlbein has managed the East of Chicago location for more than 22 years. Pictured are Jim Miller, Penny Walker, Lindsay Howard, Stefani King, Able Evans, Paul Humphrey, Randy Robbins, William Whitlow, Kyle Morrow, Deborah Johnson, and John Henby. http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/02/web1_020218mju_eastofchicago_headshaved20182217351697-1.jpg Mike Ullery | Daily Call Jim Miller, owner of East of Chicago Pizza on Covington Avenue in Piqua, far left, poses with his employees, many of whom have shaved their heads in support of store manager Angie Hohlbein, who is hospitalized at The James Cancer Center in Columbus while battling leukemia. Hohlbein has managed the East of Chicago location for more than 22 years. Pictured are Jim Miller, Penny Walker, Lindsay Howard, Stefani King, Able Evans, Paul Humphrey, Randy Robbins, William Whitlow, Kyle Morrow, Deborah Johnson, and John Henby.
By Mike Ullery mullery@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Mike Ullery at (937) 451-3335
Reach Mike Ullery at (937) 451-3335
President Donald Trump, recently, fired five-dozen rockets at an airfield in Syria that did little damage. Now, he's dropped our biggest weapon short of a nuclear device, “The Mother of All Bombs,” on top of a tunnel in Afghanistan. The airfield strike told Assad that his house might be next; that Trump won't hesitate to use a first strike option on another sovereign nation; and, that he's willing to go eyeball-to-eyeball with the Russians who helped get him elected. That isn't proof he didn't sleep with the enemy, just that they're no longer kissing.
The “Mother,” known as the GBU-43/B, is so big that it takes a cargo plane to drop the 20-year-old weapon. The plane that got the honor of dropping it was an MC-130. It's an updated version of the Lockheed Hercules that made its first flight just shy of 63 years ago, on August 23, 1954. By 2015 more than 2,500 Hercules and variants had been built. Maybe it's time for a new plane.
Donald Trump, as part of his defense buildup, ought to drop some really big R&D money on defense contractors to start thinking up new aircraft and new weapons systems. He won't still be President when they become operational, it takes that long, but he'll get credit if the new weaponry works. This money can't be expected to yield immediate results because thinking takes time, something the administration might ponder, itself, on occasion.
At the White House, Trump continues to dodge the Russian scandal that has engulfed his crew. Flurries of activity are good for the President in this regard. A bomb here, a bomb there, is a good distraction but sorties can't put off the inevitable. Pushbacks on Vladimir Putin over Syria are, also, favorable to Trump but don't serve to re-wire the myriad connections between his people and Russia during the election. Even his own CIA Director, Mike Pompeo, has read the tea leaves and spoken out forcefully against Russian interference.
The British claim they were on to the Russian connection, first, and then tipped off the U.S. Estonia, too, may have detected anomalous communications between the campaign and the Russians. Ditto, the Germans. Key Congressional leaders were briefed, personally, by Obama's CIA Director, John Brennan after the Brits told him of Russian designs on the election. The line of people ready to say, “I told you so” is getting longer but the pregnant question is why was no one listening.
There is less need, this time around, to answer the question, “What did the President know and when did he know it.” Trump has told the entire country, over and over, what he'd gleaned from Wikileaks, virtually as it appeared, in real time. Pompeo has branded Wikileaks as a non-governmental extension of other state operators, including Russia. That's a polite way to put it. Trump denies any electoral shenanigans but there's a pile of fresh oyster shells at his feet. It doesn't mean he ate them but it's not too far-fetched to think that he did.
The President's attention, at the moment, is directed towards North Korea, an ancient enemy from a war we fought to a draw more than fifty years ago but never truly ended. The administration, it's said, has a plan for a first-strike against Kim Jon-un if the young Dictator of the North keeps marching to a nuclear future and continues to threaten the U.S. North Korea's Kim has identified of Los Angeles as target thanks to a Sony Picture's comedy about his fictitious assassination. It doesn't matter that Sony is a Japanese company because a grudge isn't worth anything if it makes sense.
The latest indications from Washington are that we won't light up North Korea just yet. Hollywood can relax because the only person who's interested in WWIII is Kim. His idiosyncratic leadership, however, isn't likely to stop the inciteful rhetoric and, sometimes, that kind of talk can cause a war as sure as a shot. North Korea will test again, without a doubt, and each time it does Kim push the risk factor higher. The U.S. should begin to line up allies, even enemies, who know how dark the sun looks during a nuclear winter. It's not his strong suit, but Trump needs diplomats now more than ever.
By Jason Lange
WASHINGTON, (Reuters) - U.S. factories ramped up production in late April and early May despite the risk of a global trade war, but soft consumer spending kept the economy growing at a moderate rate, the Federal Reserve reported on Wednesday.
In its periodic "Beige Book" summary of contacts with businesses in its 12 regional districts, the U.S. central bank pointed to strong output in fabricated metals, heavy machinery and electronics equipment.
The assessment of growth across the economy represented a slight upgrade from the Fed's prior Beige Book report, which said economic activity was expanding at a "modest to moderate pace."
"Manufacturing shifted into higher gear," the Fed said in its latest report.
More than half of the Fed's districts reported a pickup in industrial activity, and a third of them reported the activity as "strong."
Still, manufacturers worried that tensions between the United States and its trading partners, notably China, could lead to higher tariffs across the world.
"The major concern manufacturers expressed was trade policy," the Fed said, referring to comments from business contacts in its Boston district, where a maker of testing equipment said it might move some production to Europe to avoid Chinese retaliation for increases in U.S. tariffs.
The Minneapolis Fed's contacts said they were worried about how recent tariff announcements on steel and aluminum could affect supply chains. The Trump administration has announced tariffs on steel imports from many countries including China while Beijing has targeted U.S. aluminum and other goods.
Only the Dallas Fed found overall economic activity had "sped up to a solid pace," according to the report. Across the country, growth in auto sales was flat and retail sales excluding autos eased.
The Fed's districts reported modest-to-moderate growth in employment while contacts said the labor market remained tight. Wage increases, however, were reported to be modest.
The Beige Book was prepared by the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland based on information collected on or before May 21.
(Reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by Paul Simao)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
With a planned teacher walk-out only two weeks away, Tulsa Public Schools sent a letter to parents Monday explaining the district's plan if the walk-out happens April 2nd.
: One in every four salaried professionals is not aware of the tax savings potential offered by some tax benefits that form part of their salary breakup, according to a survey.Among the employees that opt out of reimbursements, 56 per cent of them do so for higher in-hand salary, thereby not using the full potential of the tax benefits offered to them, the Zeta employee benefits survey commissioned to Nielsen India said on Tuesday.Employee tax benefits are tax saving benefits offered by companies to salaried employees as part of their cost to company (CTC). These include reimbursements for fuel, telephone usage, leave travel allowance (LTA), gift vouchers, among others.The survey, conducted among 194 corporates and 1,233 employees across seven cities, found telecom reimbursement as the most popular tax benefit offered by companies, followed by fuel and LTA and gadget reimbursement.However, about 62 per cent employees surveyed said the claim submission process is time-consuming and an average 23 minutes is spent just to submit a single bill claim. The survey found 94 per cent of companies still using complex and time-consuming paper-based processes when it comes to managing employee tax reimbursements.In fact, 71 per cent of companies is found taking eight days or more to process each claim, with some taking even more than two weeks."The administration of employee benefits in India is lagging behind in many ways. We believe that employees waste a lot of their productive time in mundane activities like storing bills, submitting paper-based claims," said Ramki Gaddipati, chief technology officer and co-founder, Zeta.Only 6 per cent of firms in India use a completely digital process for reimbursements, according to him. "Due to the complex time-consuming paperwork, many employees prefer to opt out of the benefit because they are not able to derive value for the benefit," Gaddipati added.Two in every three companies surveyed felt the time and cost spent on managing tax benefits exceed actual benefit to employee.Due to high running costs and logistics management, 35 per cent corporates claim to have discontinued one or more reimbursement programmes.
- A report tagged 'Rapid Assessment of the Prevention and Control of Cancer in Nigeria' has been released
- The report was an initiative of the Wellbeing Foundation Africa (WBFA)
- The report is the first independent national research on cancer provisions in Nigeria
The Wellbeing Foundation Africa (WBFA) has released its ground-breaking ‘Rapid Assessment of the Prevention and Control of Cancer in Nigeria' report, the first independent national research on cancer provisions.
The study, led by the WBFA with support from an Amref Health Africa research grant and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company, comes on the heels of the launch of Nigeria's Cancer Control Plan (NCCP) by the federal government earlier this month.
Cancer is responsible for 72,000 deaths in Nigeria every year, with an estimated 102,000 new cases annually.
Founder/President of the Wellbeing Foundation Africa, Mrs Toyin Saraki at the event. Photo credit: WBFA
READ ALSO: Toyin Saraki calls for action on health policy at World Bank/IMF meetings in Washington
The WBFA, launching the report in Abuja last week, has provided a critical assessment of the needs and capacity of actors and stakeholders in the Nigerian health system to prevent and control cancers, while determining the specific gaps for cancer prevention and control. The report also presents recommendations to urgently transform cancer treatment in Nigeria.
The WBFA's findings highlight the challenge facing the battle against cancer in Nigeria, which has a severe shortage of health personnel for cancer care; a dearth of specialists in particular in rural communities; and a lack a well-coordinated chain of supply of drug and the requisite infrastructure.
The rate of 80% of patients who are at a stage of advanced disease at time of presentation leaves little hope for many, especially given the lack of functional radiotherapy machines and other tools for diagnosis and treatment.
Founder-president of the WBFA, Toyin Saraki, commented at the launch of the rapid assessment report: "This report provides all stakeholders with evidence for efficient frontline actions to prevent, detect, and treat cancer, across Nigeria. It will allow stakeholders to harness our wealth of knowledge to key into the recently announced government policy for prompt actions across the nation.
READ ALSO: Toyin Saraki calls for improved education and opportunities for girls, young women
“We can also teach our people, and intensify citizen engagement in reducing high-risk behaviours, to be best positioned to detect cancers at an early stage when they are most successful and cost-effective to treat."
Receiving the report on behalf of the Federal Government, the minister of state for health Dr Osagie Ehanire noted: “The research report's findings and stakeholders meeting aligns with the government's plans to strengthen the training of cancer-related health workers, improve infrastructure and service delivery for cancer prevention, treatment and palliative care.
“We welcome the WBFA-Amref inter-sectoral collaboration, alongside its partnerships with local and global stakeholders in order to improve awareness and information on preventive practices, encouraging early diagnosis and management of all cancers."
NAIJ.com gathered that the research took place in 12 focal states, comprised of 6 geo-political zones, and at the 12 tertiary centres.
Saraki is the special adviser to the Independent Advisory Group (IAG) of the World Health Organization's (WHO) Regional Office for Africa (AFRO) and Global Goodwill Ambassador for the International Confederation of Midwives (ICM).
PAY ATTENTION: Read the best news on Nigeria's #1 news app
As wife of Nigeria's Senate president, and in recognition of her longstanding high-level global health advocacy, Mrs Saraki is also chair of Nigeria's Primary Health Care Revitalisation Support Group, which is co-chaired by House of Representatives members Honourable Chike Okafor and Honourable Mohammed Usman.
N1,500 for health of Nigerians on NAIJ.com TV
[embedded content]
Source: Naija.ng
The Police Regional Office in Central Visayas (PRO-7) welcomes Cebu City Mayor Tomas Osmeña's move to give P50,000 reward to the cops who can kill criminals in legal operations.
Supt. Reyman Tolentin, Information Officer of PRO-7 said the cash reward is a big help to the police.
Tolentin said the cash reward will be used as financial assistance for policeman who will be facing a string of cases for neutralizing suspected criminals.
ADVERTISEMENT
Tolentin assured that with or without the reward, the police will still follow the rules of engagement.
MUMBAI: Too fat. Too thin. Too dark. Too short. Too Tall. Too many pimples. Despite India modernizing, girls and women in India have labels attached to them. And tackling this tendency to body-shame the Indian girl is YouTube sensation Prajakta Koli through her new music video and single ‘Shameless.'
On World Health Day Koli who is known by the moniker MostlySane appealed to her viewers that she would like them to share with her their experiences around body-shaming. Lo and behold she was flooded with emails and comments, “the number grew to thousands,” she says.
And that's where the idea of doing a song germinated.
“There were emails in thousands every single day. I tried replying to as many as I could, but many remained unanswered,” says Koli who then decided to put what other young girls shared with her into a song.
Since, this was the first one that she was working on she had to get it right and hence the process did take some time.
“I did not want to get into a baba mode and preach anybody. I usually make weird faces in my YouTube videos and that makes people laugh. I wanted to do something similar and then I thought of making a rap song. I took so many weeks writing the song, but I couldn't get it right.
“One day I was sitting at Starbucks when everything fell in place. I managed to complete the song -- Shameless -- in 20 minutes. I sent it to Raftaar soon after to get his consent on the same,” she states. Rapper Raftaar has been a constant support to Mostly Sane.
The music video also got support from well-known celebrities, Raghav Juyal, Sahil Khattar , Mithila Palkar , RJ Malishka, Gaurav Gera and Sonal Sagaraya. The latest celebrity to support this video is Terence Lewis. “I did not really have to run behind them to get them on the video. They all agreed after just one phone call. It was the content that got them onboard,” said Koli.
Check out the song below –
MostlySane is a successful YouTuber , but she does not take the credit for 155,000 subscribers on her channel. “It's the team of One Digital Entertainment that has set the path for me. Back then I had no clue about the YouTube number game. I just knew that I could do comedy, the rest was left to them,” she emphasises.
One Digital Entertainment definitely looks after every aspect of Koli's YouTube channel MostlySane but the content completely belongs to her. “I am very possessive about my content. This is why I also wanted to write ‘Shameless' all by myself,” confesses the comedian- rapper.
Koli - who sounds very believable, fun and kind of inspires other girls to not care a f*(k about what anyone has to say about their bodies and to be comfortable in their skins - does not want to take any credit for the sound or her singing in the Shameless video.
In fact, she openly confesses that a lot of lines have been exaggerated on auto-tune. “I am not a trained singer. So, a lot of lines had to be auto-tuned also because of the way we wanted them to sound. But, I am planning on getting vocal training. I am also learning the ukulele,” ends Koli.
Indeed. Radioandmusic.com would recommend that she tries learning the Crwth. (Yes run to your dictionary or google if you don't know what that is :)
U.S. President Donald Trump's nomination of his presidential physician, Ronny Jackson, to head the Veterans Affairs Department ran into trouble on Tuesday when a Senate committee delayed indefinitely his confirmation in light of “new information” it had received.
“We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review,” Republican Johnny Isakson, the chairman of the Senate committee on
veterans affairs, and Democrat Jon Tester, the panel's ranking member, said in a joint statement.
The New York Times, citing unnamed officials, reported on Tuesday that the committee, which had planned to hold a nomination hearing on Wednesday, was examining allegations that Jackson oversaw a hostile work environment as White House physician and allowed the overprescribing of drugs.
Trump chose Jackson last month to replace David Shulkin at the VA after an official report found that Shulkin improperly accepted tickets to the Wimbledon tennis tournament and his chief of staff made false statements so Shulkin's wife could travel at government expense.
Jackson, right, walks with President Barack Obama in November 2016 at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Md. The doctor to presidents George W. Bush, Barack Obama and now Donald Trump is an Iraq War veteran nominated to head the Department of Veterans Affairs. (Manuel Balce Ceneta/Associated Press)
But questions about Jackson's level of experience to head a large bureaucracy weighed on his nomination before allegations surfaced in the New York Times of improper conduct.
Jackson, a U.S. Navy rear admiral, has worked as a presidential physician since the George W. Bush administration, and has been the lead doctor monitoring Trump's health since Trump became president.
White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley defended Jackson, saying he had a “record of strong, decisive leadership” and that is what is needed at the veterans agency.
A White House official said the allegations raised against Jackson are unfair and “don't appear to pass the smell test.”
The official said there will be a discussion among senior officials on possible next steps in the nomination strategy, such as putting pressure on senators to back Jackson.
“At this stage I think we're full steam ahead,” the official said, adding that the future of the nomination could depend on
whether Jackson has the stomach for a prolonged nomination fight.
Senator John Cornyn, the No. 2 Senate Republican, told reporters his first instinct was to support Trump's nominee, but he thinks further scrutiny is required.
“I certainly support the committee's work to vet his background because we need to know the full picture,” Cornyn said.
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | World News
A medical student who caused the death of a friend in a crash on the Baltimore Washington Parkway was given probation Wednesday after pledging to honor his memory.
Kurt Edward Delano Strudwick, 26, of Baltimore pleaded guilty to misdemeanor negligent manslaughter the death of Brandon Darnell Rogers.
Anne Arundel County Circuit Court Judge Michele Jaklitsch sentenced Strudwick to probation before judgment. Once he completes the term of his probation, the conviction will be removed from court records.
Assistant State's Attorney Michael McGraw said Strudwick was driving in the early morning hours of June 10 on the parkway near Route 100 with Rogers and Kenneth Lamar Simpson when he lost control and crashed into a tree.
Police responded to the crash at 4:32 a.m., McGraw said, and found Simpson and Rogers suffering from life-threatening injuries.
McGraw said that Strudwick told police he fell asleep while he was driving after having worked a night shift the day before.
Rogers died from his injuries the next day, McGraw said, and a county grand jury indicted Strudwick on a felony manslaughter charge and two other offenses. He faced up to 23 years in prison and up to $12,500 in fines.
However, McGraw said both the Rogers and Simpson families were supportive of Strudwick and did not want the accident to ruin his medical career.
Strudwick's attorney, Christopher Drewniak, said Strudwick is a respiratory therapist and is looking to continue his studies in the medical field “to honor his friend who he lost.”
During the hearing in Annapolis, Jaklitsch sentenced Strudwick to six months of unsupervised probation.
He said Strudwick's intent to continue his medical studies at the University of Miami is “a good way to honor your friend.”
CAPTION A Baltimore County man shot and killed his wife inside their Woodstock home Wednesday before killing himself inside his car in Anne Arundel County, police said. (Ulysses Muñoz, Brittany Britto / Baltimore Sun video) A Baltimore County man shot and killed his wife inside their Woodstock home Wednesday before killing himself inside his car in Anne Arundel County, police said. (Ulysses Muñoz, Brittany Britto / Baltimore Sun video) CAPTION A Baltimore County man shot and killed his wife inside their Woodstock home Wednesday before killing himself inside his car in Anne Arundel County, police said. (Ulysses Muñoz, Brittany Britto / Baltimore Sun video) A Baltimore County man shot and killed his wife inside their Woodstock home Wednesday before killing himself inside his car in Anne Arundel County, police said. (Ulysses Muñoz, Brittany Britto / Baltimore Sun video) CAPTION The Anne Arundel County Sheriff's Office investigated a top aide to State's Attorney Wes Adams for four months, responding to a complaint it said was filed anonymously from the prosecutor's office. The Anne Arundel County Sheriff's Office investigated a top aide to State's Attorney Wes Adams for four months, responding to a complaint it said was filed anonymously from the prosecutor's office. CAPTION Body camera footage obtained by The Capital depicting the aftermath of a fight outside the Armadillos restaurant in March show an officer who claims to have sprayed Ryan Greenstreet, 23, of Huntingtown in Calvert County, and Michael Richardson, 21, of West River, with his department-issued mace. Body camera footage obtained by The Capital depicting the aftermath of a fight outside the Armadillos restaurant in March show an officer who claims to have sprayed Ryan Greenstreet, 23, of Huntingtown in Calvert County, and Michael Richardson, 21, of West River, with his department-issued mace. CAPTION Anne Arundel County Executive Steve Schuh announced the Anne Arundel County Police Department and the Maryland Transit Administration have entered into a partnership to increase security and law enforcement for Light Rail operations in the County. Anne Arundel County Executive Steve Schuh announced the Anne Arundel County Police Department and the Maryland Transit Administration have entered into a partnership to increase security and law enforcement for Light Rail operations in the County. CAPTION Brian Oberle, a librarian at the Glen Burnie Regional Library in Glen Burnie, with the help of other library staff, administered Narcan, or naloxone, to revive a man having a suspected overdose at the library last week. Brian Oberle, a librarian at the Glen Burnie Regional Library in Glen Burnie, with the help of other library staff, administered Narcan, or naloxone, to revive a man having a suspected overdose at the library last week.
twitter.com/PhilDavis_CG
Senior Special Assistant to the President on National Assembly Matters (Senate), Senator Ita Enang, has given a reason why President Muhammadu Buhari did not rush to react to the killings in Benue State following the New Day's attack.
According to him, the President waited to have the full report about the situation before going public.
Enang made the disclosure at an interaction with the Buhari Project Group, comprising of Buhari Media Support group and Buhari/Osinbajo coalition groups, Thursday evening in Abuja.
“There were allegations of herdsmen being infiltrated by insurgents to cause the mayhem in Benue state; there were other allegations that foreigners from neighbouring countries were part of it. So, the President had to get the clear picture of what was actually going on.”
The Presidential aide debunked claims that President Buhari did not do anything or did very little while the killings were being perpetrated in Benue, adding that “the President preferred to do more and talk less.”
Enang referred newsmen to a recent letter which the President wrote to the Senate President in reponse to the Seante's earlier letter demanding to know what he had done so far on the issue of Benue killings.
He added that it was wrong to continue to blame the President on the issue of land for grazing or cattle colonies in the states of the federation, adding that by the provisions of the Land use Act of 1978, which are reflected in the constitution, that have not been amended, the President has no power over land.
Enang said that even though the constitution spelled out that state and local governments should provide land for, among others, grazing, President Buhari only appealed to governors to implement such constitutional provisions.
“In [the] federal system of government we are practicing, there are certain things that the President cannot do, and that is why he is being cautious so that the same people that are accusing him now of not doing those things would not also ‘blow grammar' if he does them.”
The explanation, he said, became necessary so as to enable support groups carry take the message to the grassroots as the nation prepares for the 2019 general elections.
Earlier, the chairman of Buhari Media Support Group (BMSG), Austin Braimoh, had enumerated the record of the Buhari's government on security, economic, educational and other sectors, saying the President deserves to continue in office beyond 2019 to complete them.
0 20-year-old bear attack survivor bitten by shark while surfing
POIPU, Hawaii - Dylan McWilliams loves nature, but nature doesn't always love him back.
The 20-year-old Grand Junction, Colorado, resident was surfing off the Kauai coastline in Hawaii Thursday morning when he suddenly felt searing pain in his calf. He told the Honolulu Star-Advertiser that he looked down to see what appeared to be a tiger shark between 6 and 8 feet long.
“At first, I panicked,” McWilliams told the newspaper. “I didn't know if I lost half my leg or what.”
The panic gave way to his survival instinct, and he kicked the shark away as hard as he could. He began desperately swimming for shore, which he said was the scariest part of the ordeal.
“I didn't know where the shark was, and I didn't know if he would come after me again,” McWilliams said.
A woman who heard his cries for help called 911 once he reached shore and took him to an urgent care facility, where seven stitches were used to close the deep gashes in his leg.
McWilliams, who has worked as a tree trimmer, ranch hand and survival training instructor, shared the gory images on Facebook. Click here to see his post.
“First time in the water in Kauai and get tagged by a shark,” he said.
McWilliams' friends were shocked by the encounter, in part because it is not the first time in the past year he has been attacked by a wild animal. CBS Denver reported that McWilliams, then 19, was camping at Glacier View Ranch near Boulder in July when he was attacked by a 300-pound black bear.
“Are you kidding me?” one Facebook friend asked. “Dude, why do you always have animals wanting to eat you?”
>> Read more trending news
McWilliams relived his summer ordeal, which began when the bear grabbed him as he slept, following Thursday's shark attack.
“The bear grabbed the back of my head and started pulling me and I was fighting back as best as I could,” McWilliams told Hawaii News Now. “It dropped me and stomped on me a little bit, and I was able to get back to the group and they scared it away.”
McWilliams said he was lucky to have survived not only the bear and the shark, but also to have survived a rattlesnake bite during a 2015 hike in Utah, the Star-Advertiser reported. The bite was a “dry bite,” which only delivered enough venom to make him ill for a couple of days.
National Geographic reported that the odds of one person being bitten by a shark, a bear and a rattlesnake are 893.35 quadrillion to one. An average American has a one in 11.5 million chance of being bitten by a shark.
A person is more likely to be attacked by a bear, with odds of one in 2.1 million, the magazine reported.
The odds of being bitten by a poisonous snake in the U.S. are one in 37,500.
Some commenters on Facebook called McWilliams a “legend” for all he's survived, while others chastised him for getting in the water when much of the island was under a “brown water advisory,” meaning that bad storms had turned much of the coastal waters brown.
Murky water is known to bring in sharks, who prowl the coastline looking for an easy meal.
“Can tell he's not from around here or he would have known that,” one person wrote.
“I guess no one told you that murky water attracts sharks, huh?” another man wrote.
“It was actually mostly clear where I was,” McWilliams responded.
“‘Mostly' is a key word in this situation,” the man wrote back. “But it looks like the island gods were ‘mostly' looking out for you. Speedy recovery, broheem.”
McWilliams told Hawaii News Now that he does not plan on letting his encounter with the tiger shark keep him down.
“I'm just mad that I can't get back in the water for a couple days,” he said.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
The swift cancellation of Roseanne after its star's offensive tweets Tuesday, May 29 (the same day Starbucks coffeehouses closed across the country for the afternoon for racial bias training, and a week after the NFL's decision regarding taking a knee during the National Anthem), compounded by Kanye West's recent provocative Twitter trolling, and Donald Trump's continued tactic of blaming his predecessor for, well, everything, highlights a sad fact: The racial divide in this country is deeper and more contentious than ever. Barr and West have (some might say admirably) sparked conversation about race with their work, but their objectionable social media activity of late has all but discounted that, even for a lot of their fans. Music, art and other forms of expression concerning this issue are important, however, and I hope Public Spectacle can contribute to the cultural conversation by writing about Angelenos with something to say about it, however provocative their words or imagery may be. This piece is an excellent example. —Lina Lecaro
“My photographs explore the things people find most difficult to talk about. Race, gender identity, childhood trauma, politics — nothing is off-limits with me,” says the artist known only as BlackManWhiteBaby. "My work is autobiographical, provocative, multilayered and unique.”
BlackManWhiteBaby creates self-portraits that explore racial and sexual stereotypes by boldly and shamelessly utilizing them as part of the imagery, playing with their meaning, and compelling the viewer to feel something about them. They are often hard to swallow, even for the most open-minded and not easily offended.
Using Instagram as a vehicle to showcase his photographic self-expression, the veteran artist invites dialogue and even discourse from the public. Still, dealing with these subjects on such a public platform can be challenging and, at times, depressing.
“People have strong reactions that are not always in my favor," BlackManWhiteBaby says. "They can be nasty.”
Quite the opposite is true when the artist showcases his work in safe spaces such as art galleries. Recently, at the East Hollywood community arts space called Junior High, BlackManWhiteBaby's collection of photographs, called “The Tar and Feathers Series,” were the featured backdrop for a gender-neutral fashion show put together by Radimo. BlackManWhiteBaby also was one of the runway's standout models.
Radimo's nonbinary designer, Dan Owens-Reid, and the artist met while they were both working on Lady Gaga's Monster's Ball Tour. “I was doing social media for the tour sponsor, and he was her personal trainer," Owens-Reid says. "I always admired his work and have been a big fan from the beginning.”
“He has such a beautiful relationship to his own gender," Owens-Reid continues. " A lot of his experience with femininity is something I relate to. A soft masculine that resonates with me. We have such different experiences but share a lot of the same feelings.”
EXPAND Radimo's Dan Owens-Reid and BlackManWhiteBaby at Junior High. Susan Hornik
Owens-Reid chose BlackManWhiteBaby's look for the runway based on the different characters in his work, including a red skirt and a shirt that read, “Dead Men Can't Catcall.”
"He uses colors very intentionally,” Owens-Reid says. “And that look definitely had a lot of color. There is a little bit of red blood on the knife on the shirt, paired with the red skirt — it was just perfect. I felt like that encompassed what BlackManWhiteBaby portrays in his art — it's so soft, feminine, even sweet, but also threatening and intimidating.”
BlackManWhiteBaby's day job as a physical trainer contributes to his imagery, which frequently shows off his muscular physique. “As my art work has evolved, so has my body,” he notes. “I use it as a metaphor for strength and survival, and the fitness world I work in helps me achieve this. When I reveal myself, I'm showing you the canvas on which this country was built. My body looks strong and unbreakable in a lot of the images — as the bodies of my ancestors must have been, or I would probably not be here today.”
BlackManWhiteBaby's imposing physicality is contrasted by the gentle beauty of his work, but his use of Ku Klux Klan garb and blackface has brought him his share of online hatred. It wasn't until he shared his work on social media that he really experienced the n-word and homosexual slurs. It had him contemplating quitting, many times.
“Not because those words have such power over me — it made me think that America hasn't really grown and people don't want change,” he says wearily. "Maybe some people are hardwired to be racist and I couldn't possibly make even a small impact."
Courtesy BlackManWhiteBaby
BlackManWhiteBaby says his next photo essay, “They Called It Black Face,” is inspired by 1920s jazz singer Al Jolson, a man he's both obsessed with and conflicted about. While Jolson was a gifted entertainer, his use of blackface was controversial because some viewed him as an advocate for African-Americans. “My people are beautiful," says BlackManWhiteBaby, who aims to call out the inherent ugliness of the practice by using it in his work. "How could performing in blackface become acceptable and almost normal?”
Courtesy BlackManWhiteBaby
Next up for BlackManWhiteBaby is a secret art show that will only be announced to his Instagram followers in the next few weeks. His creative quest is to validate his followers' online experience and take it to another level, showing them the anger, sadness and other emotional complexities they felt while viewing his photos.
“Our pain is real and exists in the world," he says. “I want to stir things up. I want people to be real. And yes, make people angry, sad, confused and whatever. I want people to talk. Lots of dialogue! When people see my work, they talk to each other about it; the racist undertones, childhood trauma, the weird gay stuff, etc. We need to be comfortable talking about the tough stuff. Dialogue opens things up to more understanding. That's what we need if we are going to come together.”
Follow @blackmanwhitebaby on Instagram to see more of his work and get info on his upcoming exhibit.
RYANAIR has increased the cost of taking carry-on luggage onto their flights, just months after bringing the fee in.
The low-cost Irish airline has hiked the fee on selected routes from £5 to £6 if passengers choose the option when making their booking. And if they pay when checking in online, it will cost £7 for the privilege of taking a cabin-sized suitcase on board. The airline first introduced the charge for carry-on cases in January. Up until then all passengers could do so for free.
GETTY GOING UP: The cost of taking cabin bags on board Ryanair flights are taking off
INSIDE of the world's biggest SUPERJUMBO The show-stopping double-decker A380 superjumbo, which can host up to 455 passengers with luxurious accommodation is in sad decline. 1 / 20 Getty Images A stewardess poses inside the bar of an Emirates Airlines A380
But at the start of the year the new ruling meant only priority-boarding customers were allowed two bags (a small bag and cabin bag). Everyone else was allowed to carry only a smaller handbag-sized bag, while small suitcases were placed in the hold at the boarding gate for free. If passengers want to take cases on board with them to place in the overhead luggage then they have to pay the fee. A Ryanair spokesperson told the Sun Online : "Like all businesses, our optional fees can change unlike our fares which keep coming down.
GETTY ENOUGH WITH FREEBIES: Ryanair introduced the cabin bag fees in January
The Concorde left to ROT: Supersonic jet dumped at Heathrow Concorde GBOAB has been left to rust in a corner of Heathrow 1 / 12 Heritage Concorde The rest of the Concorde's interior has been stripped
AP, WASHINGTON
US President Donald Trump's plan to combat opioid drug addiction nationwide calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where appropriate under current law, a top administration official said on Sunday. It is a fate for drug dealers that Trump, who aims to be seen as tough on crime, has been highlighting publicly in recent weeks.
Trump also wants the US Congress to pass legislation reducing the amount of drugs needed to trigger mandatory minimum sentences for traffickers who knowingly distribute certain illicit opioids, said Andrew Bremberg, Trump's domestic policy director, who briefed reporters on Sunday on the plan that Trump was scheduled to unveil yesterday in New Hampshire, a state hard-hit by the crisis.
The president was to be joined by US first lady Melania Trump, who has shown an interest in the issue, particularly as it pertains to her focus on child welfare.
Death for drug traffickers and mandatory minimum penalties for distributing certain opioids are just two elements under the part of Trump's plan that deals with law enforcement and interdiction to break the international and domestic flow of drugs into and across the US
Other parts of the plan include broadening education and awareness, and expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts.
Trump has mused openly in recent weeks about subjecting drug dealers to the “ultimate penalty.”
The president told the audience at a Pennsylvania campaign rally this month that countries such as Singapore have fewer issues with drug addiction because they harshly punish their dealers.
He said that a person in the US can get the death penalty or life in prison for shooting one person, but that a drug dealer, who potentially kills thousands, can spend little or no time in jail.
“The only way to solve the drug problem is through toughness,” Trump said in Moon Township.
He made similar comments at a recent White House summit on opioids.
“Some countries have a very, very tough penalty — the ultimate penalty. And, by the way, they have much less of a drug problem than we do,” Trump said. “So we're going to have to be very strong on penalties.”
The US Department of Justice said the federal death penalty is available for several limited drug-related offenses, including violations of the “drug kingpin” provisions of federal law.
It was not clear that death sentences for drug dealers, even for those whose product causes multiple deaths, would be constitutional, Ohio State University law professor Doug Berman said.
The issue would be litigated extensively and would have to be definitively decided by the US Supreme Court, he said.
Opioids, including prescription opioids, heroin and synthetic drugs such as fentanyl, killed more than 42,000 people in the US in 2016, more than any year on record, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.
Trump has said that fighting the epidemic is a priority for the administration, but critics say the effort has fallen short.
Trump in October last year said the crisis was a national public health emergency, short of the national state of emergency sought by a presidential commission.
“We call it the crisis next door because everyone knows someone,” Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway said. “This is no longer somebody else's community, somebody else's kid.”
By Max Winters For Mailonline
Published: 13:04 EDT, 4 July 2018 | Updated: 13:59 EDT, 4 July 2018
When Eric Dier scored the winning penalty to beat Colombia and send England through to the World Cup quarter-finals, images show most of the England team hurtling to celebrate in the corner.
However a hilariously edited picture of Kyle Walker showed him in too much agony to join in with the elation and instead he was on the ground nursing some cramp after 120 minutes of intense football.
The Manchester City defender hilariously mocked himself on Twitter on Tuesday night, posting a picture of that moment with the caption: 'Dad, can you show me that photo of you guys running after reaching the quarter final? - Nah son'.
A photo of Kyle Walker was edited to show him in too much agony to join England celebrations
Walker poked more fun at himself a day later, sharing an image of himself back in the same position at the team's base in Repino.
He posted the image on his Twitter account with the message: 'Still stuck in this position but the cramp has gone.'
Walker was among England's last-16 winners who took part in a gym and pool recovery session on Wednesday as their preparations began for their World Cup quarter-final against Sweden.
The photo saw Walker unable to join England players in running after beating Colombia
The defender got back into the position he took up when waiting for medical treatment
Walker was among England's last-16 winners who took part in a gym and pool recovery session
The players who secured a memorable victory over Colombia on penalties to reach the last eight took part in a recovery session inside, apart from Marcus Rashford.
After securing England's first-ever shootout win in World Cup history on Tuesday night in Moscow, the players, understandably, looked to be in a buoyant mood.
Preparations got under way with earnest for Saturday's clash in Samara on Wednesday afternoon despite the group's lack of sleep - they returned to their Repino base at around 6.30am.
Rashford was the only player to feature against Colombia to train in the pouring rain at Spartak Zelenogorsk, where he was part of an eight-strong playing group outnumbered by staff.
Even if you've got a major soft spot for the Olive Garden, no one goes to chain restaurants expecting a five-star dining experience. (And at this point you should expect things like frozen entrees and pre-made bags of soup as par for the course.) But the uniformity can also be comforting, and with a standardized menu, one might reasonably expect standardized health and food safety procedures, as well. And to some extent, that's true—this Reddit thread about what to avoid at major chain restaurants (according to their employees) is less horrifying than one might guess.
Still, if you're gun-shy about foodborne illness, there are certain dishes, times of day, and other warning signs to be wary of if you want to minimize your chances of leaving the Outback Steakhouse with more than you bargained for:
Beware of beverages
The true horror is most likely lurking in your drinking glass, not your chicken entree. One redditor with the ever-relatable handle PM_ME_UR_BUTT_GUYS posted:
“Soda is the big one. Not only is it incredibly unhealthy (duh), every single place I worked had mold in their soda gun or machine. I cleaned them, of course, but there's only one of me and a few million restaurants.”
Says Icymountain:
“Worked at Max Brenner. Some cold drinks come with a metal straw that is impossible to clean inside of, so there are loads of old chocolate and other drink gunk stuck inside. Either avoid those or request for a plastic straw.”
Fast food shouldn't be too fast
The second most likely hazard? It's a tie between the possibility of kitchen staff sneaking some of your fries—not necessarily a health risk, but annoying nonetheless—or being served old food. Redditor physlizze says:
“Buffalo wild wings. If your wings don't take at least 10 min to come to your table, you're getting old crusty wings. We were supposed to cook a minimum amount each time, and they could only sit so long, and then we got our asses chewed for high waste. So we stopped wasting old wings and served nasty crusty wings. This is especially bad between 12:45 and 4:30. Once it hits dinner rush it usually isn't a problem. But happy hour was always a problem.”
Consider asking for your food to be made fresh at McDonald's if you're concerned that it's been sitting out for too long. And vegetarians should be cautious about shared cooking surfaces, stealth ingredients or frying oils; Buffalo Wild Wings reportedly fries everything in beef fat and KFC gravy may contain chicken.
Cross your fingers/heart
Looking for the most reliable semi-unwanted-bacteria-free zone? Jimmy John's and Arby's both received fairly high cleanliness reviews from their staffers.
Advertisement
Most of this, however, is reliant on store employees actually following all the corporate procedures, so keep in mind that it may vary significantly by location (and if a franchise seems like it's run badly and totally unclean, it probably is). And we're assuming that you're only concerned about sanitary procedures here and not your caloric intake (which you've probably already decided at this point). As Redditor covfefelajefe says:
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – For Terrell Owens, the third time was the charm.
After missing out on Hall of Fame induction each of the last two years, Owens finally received his call to join the best-of-the-best in Canton.
The wide receiver posted on Instagram on Saturday “Congrats to the HOF Class of 2018. We're GOLDEN!”
Owens ranks second all-time in career receiving yards (15,934) and third all-time in touchdowns with 153. In his lone year with the Bills in 2008, the receiver had 829 yards and five touchdowns. He also had one rushing touchdown that season.
//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js
After playing college football at UT-Chattanooga, the 49ers selected Owens in the 1996 NFL Draft. He spent the first eight years of his career in San Francisco, two in Philadelphia, three in Dallas before spending the last one season in Buffalo and Cincinnati.
Randy Moss also made the Hall of Fame. He becomes the first wide receiver since Jerry Rice to be voted in the first year of eligibility.
Linebackers Brian Urlacher and Ray Lewis, along with safety Brian Dawkins, Jerry Kramer, Robert Brazile and Bobby Beathard are also members of the 2018 Hall of Fame Class.
Danbury officials have closed the investigation into an incident where video appears to show a man holding a Trump sign verbally harassing students coming out of Danbury High School.
A court declined to approve an arrest warrant for a man accused of shouting expletives at Danbury high school students in what the mayor described as verbal harassment, and getting into a fight with students in the school parking lot in January, police said.
According to police, on Jan. 20 a man, who has not been publicly identified, came to Danbury High School to pick up a relative from school. Video of the incident shows the man holding a Trump sign and waving it around while shouting at students. Police said the man appeared to be intoxicated at the time.
Several people believed to be students began arguing with the man over the sign. When the man went back toward his car, the teens approached him started a physical fight, according to police.
Police said the man did not press charges against the teens.
At the time of the incident police did not have video evidence of the situation, but video later surfaced on Twitter that shows the man shouting "You'll be out of the country you [expletive] illegal," at students.
Based on the man's actions and apparent public intoxication, officers applied for an arrest warrant but it was not approved by the court. The case is now closed, police said.
Police stressed that school officials cooperated with them during this investigation and that both police and school officials will continue to work together “to ensure the safety and security of the students at Danbury High and all schools throughout the city.”
Pep Guardiola has ruled out Manchester City signing Real Madrid´s Isco this summer and described the European champions as a “spectacular team”.
Guardiola, speaking at a Johan Cruyff Foundation event in Barcelona on Wednesday, also made another staunch defence of his decision to wear a yellow ribbon last season in support of imprisoned Catalan campaigners.
Isco extended his contract until 2022 in September but has not been an automatic pick for Real under Zinedine Zidane this season.
After scoring a hat-trick for Spain against Argentina in March, the 26-year-old said he no longer felt the confidence of the Frenchman and that playing for the national team “gives him life”.
Isco started the Champions League final against Liverpool, however, and enjoyed a strong end to the campaign in La Liga. Guardiola says Isco will not be at City next term.
“No, Manchester City are not going to sign Isco,” he said.
Guardiola won six La Liga titles with Barcelona as a player before leading the team to three more league successes and two Champions League triumphs as coach.
His City side were knocked out by Liverpool, however, in the quarter-finals in April as Real went on to clinch their third consecutive European crown, and fourth in five years.
“I congratulate Madrid,” Guardiola said. “When a team gets three Champions Leagues in a row, four in five years, it is a spectacular team.
“The Champions League is a very tough competition, very complicated, where going through or going out depends on many things.
“And if all these things are with you for three years in a row, it means you are in control of them.”
Guardiola´s status in Barcelona means his political views carry weight too, with the Spaniard regularly wearing a yellow ribbon last season in support of those imprisoned for backing Catalan independence.
He was charged in February by England´s Football Association, who ruled that the political message was in breach of kit regulations.
“I would have worn it (in Spain) as well, why can I wear it in England and not here?” Guardiola said.
“People stand up against AIDS, against gender discrimination. It is not a political claim, it is in support of people who are in jail for expressing a political option, which can happen to anyone. People who are in jail for asking that people can vote.
“The situation is not easy, but it will not be fixed until the prisoners are with their families.”
BEIRUT: Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said his country sought good relations with its Gulf Arab neighbours as he began a one-day trip to Oman and Kuwait on Wednesday, his first since taking power in 2013.
Relations between predominantly Shi'ite Iran and the mainly Sunni Arab countries of the Gulf, particularly Saudi Arabia, remain strained over their support for opposing sides in the conflicts in Syria and Yemen.
"The basis of the policy of the Islamic Republic of Iran is always good neighbourly relations with neighbours and the security of the Persian Gulf," Rouhani said, according to the Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA).
Rouhani also said there should be greater unity between Shi'ites and Sunnis, saying they had "coexisted side by side peacefully for hundreds of years", IRNA reported.
Saudi Arabia and Bahrain cut diplomatic relations with Iran in January 2016 after protesters torched the Saudi embassy in Tehran. Kuwait, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates recalled their envoys in a show of solidarity with Riyadh, but Oman only expressed regret over the attack, highlighting its better ties.
Kuwait's foreign minister made a rare visit to Tehran in late January and called for frank dialogue between Iran and its regional neighbours.
The Iranian president was due to meet Oman's Sultan Qaboos in Muscat on Wednesday before travelling on to Kuwait on the invitation of its ruler, Emir Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Sabah, Rouhani's deputy chief of staff for communications, Parviz Esmaeili, was quoted as saying on Monday by state-run Press TV.
(Reporting By Babak Dehghanpisheh; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Getty Images
Last week, the father of Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott declared himself to be “ready for the showdown.”
On Monday, Stacy Elliott provided some more details about how things will play out, now that the NFL has suspended his son for six games.
“My son's legal team is ready to fight!” Stacy Elliott tweeted on Monday morning. “Let's deal!!!! You will know the set up and PLOT!”
The tweet contains excerpts from a new Fort Worth Star-Telegram story from Clarence E. Hill. Jr. regarding a review of certain documents from the case — documents that have yet to be publicly released.
According to the report, the documents reveal threats from Tiffany Thompson to Ezekiel Elliott, apparently coming after Elliott tried to distance himself from her. “I'm going to ruin your life,” she allegedly said when Elliott told her that her didn't want her at his house. “You will see.”
When Ezekiel Elliott told Thompson that she wasn't welcome at his birthday party, she allegedly said, “That's the worst decision you made in your life. I'm going to ruin your life now.”
Ezekiel Elliott contends, based on the documents, that Thompson told him, “You are a black male athlete. I'm a white girl. They are not going to be believed you.”
So far, the NFL has believed Thompson just enough more than Elliott to tip the scales of in-house justice in her favor. Moving forward, the question is whether the court of public opinion and, ultimately, whoever handles the appeal will agree.
However it turns out, it's abundantly clear that a fight is coming.
By Chung Li-hua and William Hetherington / Staff reporter, with staff writer
Weekly High-Level Policy Coordination Meetings that have convened since October last year are to be put on hold, with sources saying the provisional measure has accomplished its purpose.
President Tsai Ing-wen (蔡英文) launched the initiative, in which Presidential Office, Executive Yuan, local government, Democratic Progressive Party caucus and high-ranking party officials and representatives meet every Monday to discuss, facilitate and implement policies.
The last meeting was convened on Feb. 6.
The governments policy communication channels are working smoothly, a source said, adding that regular meetings would no longer be held.
The government was not ending the meetings altogether, but would convene in a flexible manner, the source added.
“On occasion we will invite relevant people to meet and discuss particular subjects, but we will not hold meetings at fixed times,” the source said.
At the start of Tsai's term in office there was discord between the Executive Yuan and the Legislative Yuan and a subsequent drop in the president's approval ratings, the source said, adding that Tsai devised the meetings as a way of creating harmony about policy between the divisions of government.
The first meeting resulted in the unanimous decision to push forward with the controversial “one fixed day off and one flexible rest day” labor provision. Subsequent meetings focused on issues such as the reconstruction of old buildings, changes to the Electricity Act (電業法), the Corporation Act (財團法人法) and public servants' pension funds, planning the “Forward-looking Infrastructure Construction Project” and nominations for the 11 undecided members of the Control Yuan.
Tsai also used the meeting to discuss pressing issues as they emerged, such as the disturbance during the public hearing for lifting a ban on food imports from five Japanese prefectures, that saw the hearing end without a resolution.
Some have called into question the constitutional nature of the meetings, with Judicial Yuan President Hsu Zhong-li (許宗力) saying: “Whether the meetings will be held needs more thought.”
Activist group Taiwan Democracy Watch made a request for access to meeting attendance records and minutes under Access to Government Information Act (政府資訊公開法).
Policy-related communication channels used by the Tsai administration on a weekly basis include policy coordination reports by the Executive Yuan on Mondays, meetings between Tsai and Premier Lin Chuan (林全) to exchange ideas on Wednesdays, DPP meetings — in which Tsai appears in her capacity as DPP chairperson — on Wednesdays, “boxed lunch” meetings between Lin and legislators on Thursdays, and DPP caucus meetings on Fridays.
Hollywood insiders are taking sides over whether Harvey Weinstein's sexual-harassment allegations will spell the end of his ­Oscar winning streak.
This year, The Weinstein Company has two films that could be potential awards bait: “Wind River” starring Jeremy Renner, and “The Current War” with Benedict Cumberbatch as Thomas Edison and Michael Shannon as George Westinghouse. But one Oscars insider predicts that “the industry will turn its back on Harvey,” after his sexual harassment allegations.
But another Hollywood insider countered, “I would like to think that the Academy doesn't hold this against the filmmakers.”
Weinstein has long been an ­Oscars magician, whose aggressive campaigning has managed to nab nominations even for some real dark horses like the film “Chocolat” and Kate Winslet for her role in “The Reader.”
He also engages in cagey smear campaigns, sources have said.
A source close to The Weinstein Company told Page Six of Harvey's either suspension or leave of absence, “Well, they just lost our key Academy Awards strategist.”
12th District Senator Brad Hawkins joins Chris Hansen on the KOHO Morning Show for his weekly chat from Olympia. Hawkins talks about a deadline this Friday for bills to pass out of their policy committees and bills he is sponsoring – forest health, vehicle registration, contract harvesting, compensation for agriculture workers and regional transportation planning.
MUMBAI: Harry Styles is set to release his highly anticipated self-titled debut album, which is available for pre-orderand will be released globally on Friday 12 May. The 10-track album features the lead single ‘Sign of the Times', which topped the charts in over 84 countries upon release day. The album was executive produced by Jeff Bhasker, with additional production from Alex Salibian, Tyler Johnson and Kid Harpoon.
The physical album release includes a gate-fold vinyl LP, digipak CD as well as a special limited edition CD format that includes a 32-page hardcover book featuring exclusive photos taken during the recording process. .
A special white vinyl LP will be available exclusively through hstyles.co.uk as well as limited edition album + artwork lithograph bundles (while supplies last).
Did you spot it?
Olivia Attwood is no stranger to an Instagram selfie – she's basically a pro at it nowadays.
But the Love Island star got tongues wagging on Thursday when eagle-eyed fans spotted something very bizarre in the corner of her latest snap.
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
Taking to social media, the blonde beauty uploaded a sexy photo of herself in some silk leopard print pyjamas as she cuddled up to a pillow.
But while we can all agree Liv looks amazing, her followers have been left a little distracted by the mystery man in the background!
More: Love Island's Olivia Attwood sparks concern she has SPLIT from Chris Hughes in some VERY telling deleted tweets
The bloke in question can be seen in the mirror reflection behind the reality star as he pokes his head round the door. See him?
And the LI star's 1.5million followers were left VERY confused by Liv's mystery guest, as one wrote: ‘Whose the man in the mirror?…', while another added: ‘Love the guy in the background'.
And a third wrote: ‘Anyone notices the man in the background!'
But it turns out there's actually a very simple explanation as to why there's a random man in the background of Liv's Insta snap, and the 27-year-old has now taken to Twitter to set us all straight.
‘It's not my bedroom it's a set And he is actually the @inthestyleUK photographer/ my secret boyfriend', she slammed. Well, that settles that…
It comes just days after Liv and her Love Island boyfriend, Chris Hughes announced they're heading back to our TV screens with their very own reality show.
The couple – who reached the final of the ITV2 series last summer – revealed during an appearance on ITV's Lorraine last week that they're starring in Crackin' On, which will follow their ups and downs since they decided to move in together.
Despite many viewers being distinctly unimpressed by the slightly cringey sneak peek – we're still pretty excited to watch it!
Junior guard Admon Gilder scored 15 points and Texas A&M dominated South Carolina from the start, winning 83-60 on Saturday in Reed Arena.
The Aggies (15-8, 4-6 Southeastern Conference) led 49-27 at half, in shooting 63 percent (17 of 27) from the field in the first 20 minutes. The Gamecocks (13-10, 4-6) shot 21.1 percent (8 of 38) in the same span, as A&M blasted to the 22-point lead. A&M finished 29 of 55 from the field, good for 53 percent.
Justin Minaya scored 16 points and grabbed seven rebounds to lead the Gamecocks.
A&M sophomore forward Robert Williams collected five blocks, to go with 11 points, and the Aggies' 11 total blocks were one shy of the team record of 12 set in 2013 against Mississippi State. A&M dominated South Carolina in points in the paint (40 to 18) and on the fast break (17-4).
BIG PICTURE
South Carolina: The Gamecocks looked a long way from their Final Four appearance of last season in the blowout loss. South Carolina entered the game at .500 on the road in SEC contests, but wasn't in this one from the start. The Gamecocks are trying to make the NCAA Tournament in consecutive seasons for the first time since 1997-98.
Texas A&M: The Aggies looked like the team that had risen to No. 5 nationally leading into SEC play, before they lost their first five league games because of injuries and suspensions. Performances like the one on Saturday, despite A&M still owning a losing record in SEC action, are why analysts like ESPN's Joe Lunardi project A&M in the NCAA Tournament as a 10th seed as of this week.
UP NEXT
South Carolina: The Gamecocks are on the road for a second straight time when they play at Arkansas on Tuesday.
Texas A&M: Following consecutive home games, the Aggies' schedule strengthens in a hurry with a game at league-leading and No. 11 Auburn on Wednesday.
Most Android phones will have to wait until 2019 to duplicate the 3D sensing feature behind Apple's Face ID security, three major parts producers have told Reuters, handicapping Samsung and others on a technology that is set to be worth billions in revenue over the next few years.
REUTERS: Most Android phones will have to wait until 2019 to duplicate the 3D sensing feature behind Apple's Face ID security, three major parts producers have told Reuters, handicapping Samsung and others on a technology that is set to be worth billions in revenue over the next few years.
The development of new features for the estimated 1.5 billion smart phones shipped annually has been at the heart of the battle for global market share over the past decade, with Apple, bolstered by its huge R&D budget, often leading.
When the iPhone 5S launched with a fingerprint-sensing home button in September 2013, for example, it took its biggest rival Samsung until just April of the next year to deliver its own in the Galaxy S5, with others following soon after.
The 3D sensing technology is expected to enhance the next generation of phones, enabling accurate facial recognition as well as secure biometrics for payments, gesture sensing, and immersive shopping and gaming experiences.
Tech research house Gartner predicts that by 2021, 40 percent of smartphones will be equipped with 3D cameras, which can also be used for so-called augmented reality, or AR, in which digital objects cling tightly to images of the real world.
"This kind of functionality is going to be very important for AR," said Gartner analyst Jon Erensen. "I think that is something where you don't want to get left behind."
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to parts manufacturers Viavi Solutions Inc, Finisar Corp and Ams AG, bottlenecks on key parts will mean mass adoption of 3D sensing will not happen until next year, disappointing earlier expectations.
That means that China's Huawei, Xiaomi and others could be a total of almost two years behind Apple, which launched Face ID with its iPhone X anniversary phone last September.
In particular, Android producers are struggling to source vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers, or VCSELs, a core part of Apple's Face ID hardware.
"It is going to take them a lot of time, the Android-based customers, to secure capacity throughout the whole supply chain," said Bill Ong, senior director of investor relations from Viavi, seen as the only major supplier of optical filters needed for the 3D sensing modules.
"We may have a potential introduction of a second handset maker into 3D sensing at the end of this calendar year. (But) the volumes would be very low. In 2019 you clearly will see at least two or more Android-based phones," he added.
Ong declined to name the company that might launch an Android phone with 3D face recognition this year but said that Viavi was in talks with all the major smart phone makers to supply the filters.
Some Android phones with 3D sensing capabilities have hit the market in small numbers, such as the Asus ZenFone AR released last year, but those models didn't use the sensors for facial recognition like the iPhone X does.
Apple, Huawei and Xiaomi all declined to comment, as did Samsung, whose current phones use a standard camera for facial recognition.
FIREPOWER
Apple's effort to get ahead with the technology is the latest evidence of an aggressive approach by the Cupertino-based company to making the most of the technological advances its financial firepower can deliver.
The iPhone maker's US$390 million deal in December to secure supplies from VCSEL-maker Finisar was one such move. Another is Apple's discussions with major cobalt producers to nail down supplies for lithium-ion rechargeable batteries that power its mobile phones.
"Apple is always very focused on its supply chain," says Gartner's Erensen. "When it comes to new technologies like this and implementing them to new phones, it's one of the ways that Apple can really can be aggressive, differentiate and take advantage of the position they have in the market."
Several sector analysts say their channel checks show Apple was initially sourcing VCSELs chiefly from California-based Lumentum and that bottlenecks in production there last year also spurred the US$390 million deal with Finisar.
Lumentum, which declined to comment, is ramping up additional manufacturing capacity for VCSELs and edge-emitting lasers for the first half of fiscal 2019, according to the company's earnings call.
It will also be helped by the purchase this week of another optical components producer Oclaro Inc. Finisar too, expects to expand in 2019.
All of that, however, still leaves the major Android producers searching for their own supplies of VCSELs.
Craig Thompson, vice president of new markets at Finisar, says interest in the technology is universal across the sector.
"Each customer has their own adoption timeline and rollout plan, which we can't discuss, but we expect the market opportunity for VCSEL technology to increase substantially in 2019," he says.
Another producer, Austria-based Ams, also expects to have VCSEL chips widely available next year and says it has won a large deal with one phone maker.
"As part of a combined external and internal VCSEL supply chain where an external volume production supply chain is available to us, we are currently building internal VCSEL production capacity in Singapore," Moritz Gmeiner, head of investor relations for AMS, told Reuters.
"I expect this capacity to be available for mass production next year."
(Reporting by Sonam Rai in Bangalore and Stephen Nellis in San Francisco; Writing by Patrick Graham; editing by Edward Tobin)
Some Nigerians on Twitter have called on the Federal Government to properly brand Fela Anikulapo-Kuti's story and legacy in order to increase tourists influx in the country.
The call came following the visit of French President Emmanuel Macron to the New Afrika Shrine, which is a popular Fela ‘museum'.
Fela was a legendary multi-instrumentalist, musician, composer and pioneer of the Afrobeat music genre.
The legendary Fela Anikulapo Kuti
He was also a human rights activist, and political maverick.
The proponents of the branding explained that the late Afrobeats Legend remains an international brand even after death as he piques the interest of music lovers and Human Rights activists alike.
They held the opinion that the Federal Government could generate huge revenues from tourists who would want a structured guide on the life and times of Fela, especially in Lagos.
@Yemitwist tweeted, “No doubt, Fela is enough tourism.”
@Joidbg wrote, “Believe it or not #Fela can generate the ministry of tourism enough income if branded properly… #CelebrateAfricanCulture #MacronAtNewAfrikaShrine”.
@BanksandPhil tweeted, “Nigeria needs to tap into the influence and legacy of the great legend Fela Anikulapo Kuti. Abami Eda is an icon all over the world. This is a tourist attraction Nigeria can benefit from.”
@Iam_realjayson said, “If President Emmanuel Macron could visit the Afrika Shrine in Lagos to #CelebrateAfricanCulture, then truly, we are yet to really understand and appreciate the value of Fela! Pele is considered a National Asset in Brazil. What have we done with Fela? Fela is enough tourism!”
Cambridge Analytica claimed Tuesday it was “no Bond villain” as it vehemently denied exploiting Facebook users' data for the election campaign of US President Donald Trump.
The marketing analytics firm stressed it had deleted data about Facebook users obtained in breach of the social network's terms of service.
The information had been gathered via a personality prediction app developed by academic Aleksandr Kogan's research firm Global Science Research (GSR).
Cambridge Analytica (CA) insisted it did not use the data during Trump's 2016 campaign and did not support the pro-Brexit side in Britain's referendum on its European Union membership that same year.
Spokesman Clarence Mitchell claimed the company had been portrayed like the enemy in a James Bond film.
“Cambridge Analytica is no Bond villain,” he said.
“While no laws were broken, we have acknowledged where mistakes have been made.”
He convened a press conference in London “to counter some of the unfounded allegations and, frankly, the torrent of ill-informed and inaccurate speculation”.
CA suspended chief executive Alexander Nix on March 20 after recordings emerged of him boasting that the firm played an expansive role in the Trump campaign, doing all of its research, analytics as well as digital and television campaigns.
In undercover filming captured by Channel 4 television, he is also seen boasting about entrapping politicians and secretly operating in elections around the world through shadowy front companies.
Speaking of Nix, Mitchell said: “At worst he's guilty of over-zealous salesmanship in an attempt to apparently win a contract.
“Staff that saw that were horrified and did not recognise the Cambridge Analytica they worked for.”
He said the data CA acquired from GSR was for up to 30 million respondents in the United States only, irrespective of how many GSR was able to get information on.
The data that Kogan managed to collect through the app was tested in 2014 and 2015, before Facebook complained about it, and was “shown to be virtually useless in that it was only just above random guessing, in statistical terms,” said Mitchell.
“Cambridge Analytica did not use the data further. The firm did work for Donald Trump for five months.”
But, Mitchell insisted: “Any suggestion that the GSR Kogan data was used in that campaign is utterly incorrect. Its effective uselessness had already been identified by then.”
Mitchell said CA was “extremely sorry” that it ended up in the possession of data that breached Facebook's terms of service.
On the Brexit referendum, he said CA pitched to Leave.EU, before it lost out on becoming the officially designated Leave campaign, but its bids to them, and to other referendum campaigns, were unsuccessful.
He said an independent investigation into the company, being carried out by a senior lawyer, was close to conclusion.
Kogan, who teaches at Cambridge University, told a British parliamentary committee Tuesday that criticism of his work by Facebook showed the US social media giant was in “PR crisis mode”.
NYON, Switzerland (AP) — Two-time defending champion Real Madrid will face Paris Saint-Germain in the last 16 of the Champions League.
The match, which will pit Cristiano Ronaldo against Neymar, was possible because Madrid finished as a runner-up in its group.
Barcelona will play Chelsea, Manchester City will face Basel, Manchester United will take on Sevilla and Porto will play Liverpool.
Also, it was: Juventus vs. Tottenham; Bayern Munich vs. Besiktas; and Shakhtar Donetsk vs. Roma.
The first legs will be played from Feb. 13-21, with the return matches from March 6-14.
The final will be played at the Olympic Stadium in Kiev, Ukraine, on May 26.
While those of us who aren't habitual recipients of glamorous gala invitations were Netflixing in our PJs last night, Beyoncé was very much out and about at one of the aforementioned glamorous galas. The event in question was her mom Tina Knowles' Wearable Art Gala, and what Bey wore was not just art, but a freaking masterpiece.
The event's theme was "Waco to Wakanda" (the latter being the setting of Black Panther ), and Queen B fully embraced it in a shimmering golden gown complete with metallic cutouts and a fantastic train. According to WWD 's exclusive of the event, the designers were all in on the theme—and even had a specific inspiration in mind.
"We wanted to create an art statement, taking inspiration from the Nubian warrior queen [Amanishakheto]," designers Falguni and Shane Peacock told WWD . "We felt it was the perfect inspiration when designing for such a strong woman like Beyoncé."
“The metallic cutouts are placed strategically to mimic the shape of armor, as worn by the Nubian armies,” added the designers. “The elaborate gold train was added to create a 3-D effect that emphasized royalty. Between the metallic cutouts to the gold dramatic train, we attained an artistic statement while respecting the Nubian inspiration.”
(If you're catching a certain vibe from the design, by the way, the designers were also the talent behind the black gown Bey wore in her "Formation" video.)
The gown, reports WWD, took "countless hours" over 10 days to create. Honestly? Worth. It.
Loading View on Instagram
Blue Ivy, by the way, also amazed in her own junior couture—complete with a plated golden headpiece because she's fiercer at 6 than I am at 27, if we're being honest here.
Loading View on Instagram
In short: All hail Queen Bey and Princess Blue, who honestly continue to outdo themselves.
Related Stories:
- Beyoncé Released a Valentine's Day Collection, Because She Knows She's Your One True Love
- Fans Are Convinced Beyoncé Appears on the 'Black Panther' Soundtrack
- Beyoncé Wore a Silver Feather Dress, Now I Need a Silver Feather Dress
Melania Trump is trying to tamp down speculation about why she's not been seen in public in nearly three weeks.
The first lady tweeted Wednesday about the media "working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!"
Mrs. Trump was last seen in public in the wee hours of May 10 when she joined President Donald Trump to welcome home three Americans released from detention in North Korea.
The White House announced four days later that she had been admitted to a hospital to treat a benign kidney condition.
The first lady had recently launched her initiative to teach kindness to children.
BEIJING: A human rights activist best known as "Super Vulgar Butcher" who rose to prominence by harnessing social media to mobilise public support admitted in a closed-door trial that his actions "violated the law", a Chinese court said on Monday.
Wu Gan, 44, was detained in May 2015 and charged with subverting the state.
Known for his distinctive bald pate and cutting humour, Wu combined cyber-activism with eye-catching street performance to draw attention to causes ranging from wrongful imprisonment to freedom of speech.
He worked in an investigative capacity for a law firm, helping it find and vet cases involving abuses of power.
In a brief statement published on its official Weibo account on Monday afternoon, the Tianjin No.2 Intermediate People's Court said it did not hold an open hearing because Wu's case impinged on "state secrets".
"The defendant Wu Gan recognised his behaviour violated criminal law and constituted a crime," the court said, adding that his lawyers were allowed to "fully express" their defence arguments.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The court said a verdict would be handed down at an unspecified later date.
Politically sensitive cases such as Wu's almost always result in a guilty verdict from China's Communist Party-controlled judiciary.
Wu's lawyer, Ge Yongxi, said it was "inconvenient" to talk about the case when reached by telephone.
In a pre-trial statement that Wu managed to slip to his lawyers during a recent meeting, Wu said he knew he would "receive a heavy sentence" because of his "refusal to accept a state-designated lawyer, plead guilty, and make a televised confession for their propaganda purposes".
"My crime of subverting the communist regime is a great honour for me," he said in the statement, published online by his father on Aug. 9.
"A guilty verdict issued by a dictatorial regime is a golden glittering trophy awarded to warriors for liberty and democracy."
Wu was detained at the start of what is now referred to as the "709 Crackdown", named after the date of the biggest sweep on July 9, 2015, when hundreds of lawyers and activists were targeted for arrest, detention or questioning.
Wu is one of the last defendants to go on trial, more than two years on.
Most of the lawyers and activists have been released after serving short or suspended sentences, usually after recording televised "confessions", pleading guilty and expressing contrition in court.
Wu's supporters say his trial was delayed and only held behind closed doors because of his refusal to follow suit, while also scoffing at any suggestion he could have any state secrets in his possession.
"Wu Gan's trial is a cruel farce and it is inconceivable that he will receive a fair hearing in what is a politically motivated prosecution," said Patrick Poon, China researcher for Amnesty International.
"He is merely being punished for refusing to stop his innovative and legitimate campaigns for justice in China."
(Reporting by Philip Wen and Christian Shepherd; Editing by Nick Macfie)
British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former "House of Cards" star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify him by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
Spacey was artistic director of London's Old Vic theater for 11 years until 2015.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK: Those who visit the nation's capital for the first time in a decade or so are in for a pleasant surprise.
No longer does the city derisively referred to as “the swamp” by its inhabitant in chief have the starchy, insular appearance of a white male fief. Overlooking (if one can) the federal government's maladroitness, as a destination, Washington today possesses a dynamism that, along with its fabled history, qualifies it as a great American city.
It is now entirely possible to spend a couple of memorable days here without once eating a New York strip steak or darkening a marble corridor. Check those boxes on your first visit, then come back for This Town's revelations.
FRIDAY, 3PM: HISTORY OF STRUGGLE
Since its opening in September 2016, the city's hottest draw has been the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture on the National Mall.
The museum's immense collection is well worth the long lines. The artifacts - including Nat Turner's Bible, Louis Armstrong's trumpet and the first edition of Booker T. Washington's 1907 book The Negro in Business - are themselves impressive.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture is a popular draw. (Photo: Darren S. Higgins © 2018 The New York Times)
But the three-tiered layout lends the feeling of a journey, by turns painful and triumphant. The path ends with a moving video collection of contemporary African-Americans reflecting on their life experiences
Free admission; walk-up tickets are available on weekdays starting at 1pm.
6.30PM: LAID-BACK DELICIOUSNESS
The galloping culinary scene in Washington coincides with the regrettable trend of no-reservations restaurant policies. But Himitsu, arguably the city's most creative dining spot, makes the ordeal relatively stress-free.
Give the host your name and cell number, then amble down the street to one of the many Petworth neighbourhood way stations (such as Ruta del Vino and Hank's Cocktail Bar), and enjoy a glass or two until a text message informs you that your table awaits at the tiny Japanese-inflected creation of the chef Kevin Tien.
The wagyu steak and eggs at Himitsu, arguably the city's most creative dining spot. (Photo: Darren S. Higgins © 2018 The New York Times)
His ever-rotating menu includes shareable and uniformly delectable plates of raw seafood, roasted soy chicken and Asian-spiced vegetables. In suitable weather, the streetside tables maximise Himitsu's chill, not-your-grandfather's-Washington vibe. If you're solo, you could do worse than to snack away at the bar, while trying wines from countries as far-flung as Bolivia and Georgia.
Dinner for two without wine, about US$100.
10PM: NIGHTCAPS AND UTZ CHIPS
The No Clowns sign on the door hints at the stodge-free ethos of Showtime Lounge, a miniature and easily overlooked cash-only pub in the unprepossessing neighbourhood of Bloomingdale.
Step inside and you're under the city's floorboards: Framed images of Humphrey Bogart and spaghetti-Western stars on the walls, foreign-language songs from the speakers and a beguiling cast of locals not likely to be found on a CNN panel. Beers on tap, Utz potato chips for food. For the butt-end of the evening, Showtime is an optimal closer.
SATURDAY, 9AM: UPMARKET MORNING
It took a few years, but now Union Market in the city's northeastern quadrant has become Washington's swankiest and most-trafficked indoor market.
Though the 22,000-square-foot space hosts several restaurants, some excellent specialty vendors and a seasonal farmers' market, it achieves peak appeal during weekend breakfast hours. That's when mostly young and affluent locals gather at tables over the freshly prepared goods of (among others) DC Empanadas, Panorama Bakery and Peregrine Espresso, while others avail themselves of the city's best fresh seafood and meat grocers.
After becoming properly caffeinated, stretch your legs and search for take-home items like imported spices and high-end cutlery.
11AM: EXTOLLING FEMALE ARTISTS
Though the sumptuous and expansive National Museum of Women in the Arts was opened in 1987, the world's only major space dedicated to the work of female artists has never received the touristic attention it deserves.
The museum's recent special exhibits include abstract works by female African-American artists and a Mexico City-based artist's use of a clothesline to depict instances of violence against women. Its permanent collection features work from around the globe, as well as revered American artists like the celebrity photographer Annie Leibovitz and the impressionist painter Ellen Day Hale.
On the mezzanine level, a quiet and lovely cafe is one of the city's best refuges
Admission for adults, US$10
1PM: WINERY IN THE CAPITAL CITY
One of the fastest-growing neighbourhoods is the 42-acre stretch along the Anacostia River known as The Yards. Though it teems with barhopping millennials, the area hasn't been regarded as a fine-dining destination.
That may change with the recent opening of the District Winery - which, as its name suggests, makes more than a dozen wines on-site, using grapes harvested from Virginia, California and New York. The wines, crafted by the Brooklyn Winery veteran Conor McCormack, are uniformly excellent (particularly the zinfandel and cabernet franc).
The bar and dining area of Ana, the elegant in-house restaurant at the District Winery. (Photo: Darren S. Higgins © 2018 The New York Times)
You can tour the winery, try each selection at the tasting bar and buy bottles to take home. Best of all, enjoy exquisite pairings of the wine with New American cuisine at the casually elegant in-house restaurant Ana, overlooking the river.
Winery tour and tasting, US$35. Lunch for two without wine, about US$80.
4PM: FORGOTTEN WARRIORS
A trip to the nation's capital wouldn't feel complete without at least a glancing view of its many war monuments. The most underappreciated one today - thanks to President Donald Trump's ongoing war of insults with the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un - is perhaps the most topical: The Korean War Veterans Memorial, on the western flank of the National Mall, in the shadows of the much-visited Lincoln Memorial.
Dedicated in 1995, its evocative centerpiece consists of 19 stainless steel statues of American soldiers trudging through heavy brush with grim and hyper-alert expressions. In subtle acknowledgment of that war's vague objectives and not-altogether-satisfying outcome, the etched tribute notes that the soldiers “answered the call to defend a country they never knew and a people they never met”.
5.30PM: ROOFTOP REFRESHMENTS
Few buildings in Washington are wrapped up in the city's political intrigue as much as the Watergate, a complex of condominiums and hotel rooms on the banks of the Potomac River.
Though the botched burglary in 1972 that metastasised into the toppling of the Nixon presidency began in what the hotel now bills as Scandal Room 214, today, there is an additional reason to visit: The Watergate's Top of the Gate outdoor bar, which opened last summer and offers the best 360-degree, cocktail-laden views of the city.
There is even a small ice-skating rink (with artificial ice) nestled up against the bar. If the weather turns foul, repair to the amply stocked whiskey bar on the lobby level.
7.30PM: RIVERSIDE SEAFOOD
Washington's newest development to the southwest, The Wharf, is still a work in progress, and for the moment, retains the half-populated and over-polished facade of the waterfront town in The Truman Show.
Already, however, it features one of Washington's culinary stars: Del Mar de Fabio Trabocchi, the brainchild of Fabio Trabocchi, whose Italian restaurant in Georgetown, Fiola Mare, has supplanted Cafe Milano as the city's reigning celebrity magnet. Trabocchi's Spanish and seafood-centric restaurant opened its doors in October and has instantly become a Michelin star-worthy enterprise.
In studied contrast to hip newcomers like Himitsu, Del Mar's cavernous and fish-sculpture-bedecked interior is designed to dazzle the eyes. But as with all of Trabocchi's restaurants, the food still counts most here. From the mango-coloured gazpacho to the velvety Iberian ham and the selection of standout paellas, Del Mar is the only reason anyone needs to visit the Wharf - though likely, there'll be more in the coming months.
Dinner for two without wine is about US$140.
10PM: COZY CODA
Yet another fast-developing Washington neighbourhood is Brookland, dominated by Catholic University and the majestic Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception.
The city's newest high-quality restaurant, Primrose, opened here just after Thanksgiving. Though the casual, if gorgeously appointed, French bistro serves on-target country staples like coq au vin and boeuf bourguignon until 11pm on weekend nights, Primrose is also ideally suited for nightcaps.
Sitting at the bar among a diverse neighbourhood crowd with one of the restaurant's 15 wines by the glass (all from France or Virginia - several of the latter being made by the co-owner Sebastian Zutant) to accompany stout cheeses and rillettes de lapin, you would have no reason to suspect that you're in anybody's idea of a swamp, much less a drain-worthy one.
SUNDAY, 10.30AM: DISTRICT DIM SUM
Among northwest Washington's many high-activity neighbourhoods - Logan Circle, Columbia Heights, Adams Morgan - the Shaw district is the latest to be lit up with clever dining spots. One of Shaw's newest and best is Tiger Fork, a temple of Hong Kong cuisine situated in an alleyway.
One of the Shaw neighbourhood's newest and best dining spots is Tiger Fork. (Photo: Darren S. Higgins © The New York Times)
The eclectically red-and-bamboo Chinese interior (designed by Lauren Winter, who also fashioned Primrose) is smile-eliciting, much like its weekend Dim Sum and Then Some menu. Hong Kong-style French toast, Chinese bacon and creamed tofu are among the Sunday hangover remedies, best teamed with a prosecco and passion fruit liquor-based drink known here as Bad Girl Mimi.
Brunch for two without drinks is about US$70.
LODGING
The Ritz Carlton, Georgetown (3100 South St. NW) is sequestered on a quiet locale previously occupied by the city's garbage incinerator. This chic 86-room hotel is the chain's smallest and feels more like an elite Alpine nook than a hub of ever-bustling Georgetown. Doubles from around US$475 a night.
The Watergate Hotel (2650 Virginia Ave. NW). The iconic site of the break-in that set off America's greatest political scandal (so far, at least) underwent a sweeping makeover in 2017, and is now a sleek neighbour to the Potomac River and the Kennedy Center. Doubles begin at US$232 a night.
By Robert Draper © 2018 The New York Times
HAGATNA, Guam: The leader of Guam said on Monday (Aug 14) that "sometimes a bully can only be stopped with a punch in the nose", in a spirited defence of US President Donald Trump's rhetoric against North Korea which has the island in its crosshairs.
While Trump's critics accuse him of inflaming tensions with Pyongyang, Guam governor Eddie Calvo said he was grateful the US leader was taking a strong stance against North Korean threats against his Pacific homeland.
"Everyone who grew up in the schoolyard in elementary school, we understand a bully," Calvo told AFP.
"(North Korean leader) Kim Jong-Un is a bully with some very strong weapons ... a bully has to be countered very strongly."
Calvo, a Republican, said Trump was being unfairly criticised over his handling of the North Korea crisis, which escalated when Pyongyang announced plans to launch missiles toward Guam in a "crucial warning".
He said North Korea had threatened Guam - a US territory which hosts two large military bases and is home to more than 6,000 military personnel - at least three times since 2013.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He said previous presidents had also used strong words to warn off Pyongyang, pointing out Barack Obama said last year that "we could, obviously, destroy North Korea with our arsenals".
"One president (Obama) said it one way, cool and calmly with a period ... the other said fire and fury with an exclamation point, but it still leads to the same message," Calvo said.
He rejected suggestions that Trump and the North Korean dictator were as bad as each other when it came to the sabre-rattling playing out in the western Pacific.
"Well there's only one guy that has vaporised into a red mist his uncle or a general because he fell asleep in a meeting with an anti-aircraft gun, that's Kim Jong-Un," he said.
"There's only one guy that's killed his brother with one of the most toxic nerve agents ever created, that's Kim Jong-Un."
An Egyptian military court on Tuesday sentenced the country's former anti-corruption chief, Hisham Geneina, to five years imprisonment for allegedly insulting the state and military.
Mr Genena was arrested in February following incendiary comments he made in a television interview in which he claimed that the former chief-of-staff Sami Annan was in possession of documents incriminating the country's “leadership.”
He said the documents were kept abroad.
A day before Mr Genena's arrest, the military said it would take action to safeguard its “honor and dignity.''
Mr Annan himself was arrested in January shortly after he announced his intention to challenge President Abdel-Fattah Al-Sissi in the March presidential election.
He was accused of incitement against the military and forgery.
Mr Al-Sissi ran virtually unopposed, winning the March 26 to March 28 election with 97 per cent of the vote.
Defence lawyer, Hossam Lotfy said the verdict against Mr Genena would be appealed before a higher military tribunal.
Another defence lawyer, Ali Taha, confirmed the verdict in a Facebook posting.
The arrest of both Messrs Genena and Annan were part of a pre-election crackdown that removed potentially serious challengers from the race.
A former prime minister and air force general, Ahmed Shafiq, quit the race just days after he announced his intention to run.
He was the target of an intense defamation campaign in the pro-government media, whose stalwarts hurled unsubstantiated corruption and personal misconduct accusations against him.
Other potentially candidates were intimidated out of the race.
Mr Genena, who was to be one of Mr Annan's two top campaign aides, led Egypt's watchdog agency until Mr Al-Sissi fired him in 2016.
On January 27, Mr Genena was assaulted by three men near his home, sustaining serious eye and knee injuries.
He later told The Associated Press in an interview that he suspected the attack was related to an appeal he planned to file the same day, contesting the removal of Mr Annan's name from the list of presidential hopefuls.
Authorities said at the time that he was injured in a brawl following a car accident he was involved in.
COLOMBO: Sri Lanka are keen to visit Pakistan in September, potentially becoming the first high-profile team to tour the country which has played most of its home international matches in the United Arab Emirates in the last eight years due to security situation.
Gunmen attacked a bus carrying Sri Lankan players in Lahore in 2009, wounding six players, and killing six security staff and two civilians.
Pakistan has since been largely starved of international cricket, apart from a short visit by Zimbabwe in 2015.
Their full series against Sri Lanka in the UAE may see the return of international cricket on home soil.
"I am keen to take my team to Pakistan," Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) President Thilanga Sumathipala said at the Asian Cricket Council's annual general meeting in Colombo.
"We have had our security experts visit and make an assessment, and things look positive with things improving all over the country and especially Lahore being cleared.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We have three T20 games coming up against Pakistan in September and we would like to play at least one of those games in Lahore."
The International Cricket Council also wants to support the tour of a World XI to Pakistan next month, subject to security clearance, for a three-match T20 series to help revive international cricket in the country.
Sumathipala called for support for Pakistan from the Asian neighbours.
"I call upon each one of you as members to play your role and give Pakistan the security of your support," he added.
"There is always risk - there were two attacks in London during the Champions Trophy - but cricket continued under the security assurances of the ICC, so likewise we too must be as accommodating and understanding as possible with our members and extend our fullest support to them as the cricketing family of Asia."
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
- Advertisement -
Following the ambushing and killing of people in rural communities of Plateau State by suspected herdsmen, Governor Simon Lalong has directed the Special Tasks Force (STF) in charge of internal security to protect corps members serving in the state.
Governor Lalong made the call, on Monday, during the passing out parade of 2017 Batch “B” corps members at the NYSC permanent orientation camp, Mangu Local Government Area of Plateau State.
According to him, “The State Government and various Local Government Areas would work in synergy with the Special Task Force (STF) and other security agencies to ensure that your lives and property are secured.
“I assure you corps members that your safety and well being would be accorded priority attention wherever you may find yourselves within the state. You are enjoined to go about your lawful duties without hindrance.”
- Advertisement -
The governor, who was represented by Commissioner of Youth and Sports, Danladi Mann, threatened to sanction head of government ministries and parastatals that rejected corps members posted to serve in their organisations.
He applauded employers of labour in the private sector, communities and individuals who have continued to support the NYSC scheme and urged them to ensure that corps members are made to feel welcomed, safe and provided the requisites to enable them give their best in service.
NYSC State Coordinator, Plateau State, Mrs. Olufunmilayo Akin-Moses, urged the corps members to stop unnecessary traveling without permission to avoid accident on the highway, saying ghastly accident has claimed several corps members.
She begged corps employers in the public and private sector to sustain the cordial relationship between them and NYSC Scheme by accepting corps members posted to them and provides their necessary welfare for optimal productivity.
Anderson has been linked with a switch to the London Stadium and talks between the club and Lazio have taken place.
It's understood a bid of around £35m has been made to the Serie A club for the 25-year-old.
But he's not yet agreed a move to the East End - leading an Italian football expert to suggest rivals Chelsea could yet get involved.
The Blues are set to appoint Maurizio Sarri as their new manager this summer, with Antonio Conte heading for the Stamford Bridge exit.
And David Amoyal says Anderson would be a perfect recruit for Chelsea's incoming boss.
LONDON: Market trading is booming at U.S. and European banks thanks to Donald Trump and Brexit, and yet the glory days of dealing rooms the size of football pitches remain as distant as ever.
Scarred by the 2007-09 global financial crisis and a subsequent regulatory clampdown, cost-conscious banks aren't taking on more traders, uncertain whether the revival will last.
"There's no hiring spree," Jason Kennedy, chief executive of recruitment firm Kennedy Group in London, told Reuters. "Management don't know if the boom is real or not, if we're in a bubble or not. The last thing they are doing is gear up, only to find there's nothing behind it."
Last year's shocks of the British vote to leave the European Union and Trump's U.S. presidential election victory fueled a surge in market volatility and banks' trading activity, revenue and profit.
But that won't mean more traders, with banks avoiding any return to dealing rooms staffed by hundreds like before the crisis, instead investing more in automated trading.
Europe's largest bank HSBC began cutting around 100 senior jobs last month in its investment banking division worldwide, according to sources with direct knowledge of the matter, without saying how many were traders.
Germany's largest lender, the troubled Deutsche Bank, is set to scrap roughly one in five equity trading jobs under a scheme to cut costs across the globe, according to sources, and will slash pay and bonuses.
Even Wall Street's big beasts, which have profited most from the boom, are cautious about how long it will continue, with some offering existing staff juicier bonuses to prevent departures of talent rather than expanding the payroll.
"We'd always rather do more with less," said one senior source at a major Wall Street trading firm.
"We are not looking to ramp up hiring. New technology will help," the source told Reuters. "We are always looking at productivity gains. Sometime saying you're hiring a bunch of people is a sign of great stupidity."
The biggest trading gains have been in fixed income, currency and commodities (FICC). The top five U.S. banks made US$10.5 billion in revenue from FICC trading in the fourth quarter, and US$14.1 billion in the previous three month period.
The US$24.6 billion total for the second half of last year was up 37 percent from US$17.9 billion from the same period in 2015.
Only four of Europe's biggest banks - Credit Suisse , Deutsche Bank and France's Société Générale and BNP Paribas - have reported their fourth quarter earnings so far. They too said FICC trading revenue had increased, although not as strongly as at their Wall Street rivals, and their equity trading performance has been patchier.
GRAPHIC: Big banks' trading revenue http://reut.rs/2kp0D9g
A LID ON COSTS
In recent years, banks have hired heavily in two areas. One is regulatory compliance to handle a welter of new rules imposed by U.S. and European authorities, as well as to prevent a repeat of the pre-crisis misbehavior that earned some banks huge penalties. The other is technology to improve efficiency.
Trading is a different story. According to Coalition, an industry analytics firm, the total number of FICC front office staff - covering sales, trading and research - at the top 12 global banks fell to 17,479 last year from 18,755 the year before. That's down 7 percent on the year and marks a decline of nearly 25 percent from 2012.
Within that lies a deeper retrenchment at European banks, where FICC staffing levels have been slashed by 30 percent since 2012. That's nearly twice the rate at U.S. banks.
George Kuznetsov, head of research and analytics at Coalition, said banks are struggling to meet return on equity targets in their FICC trading operations. While he expects FICC trading revenue to rise 4-5 percent this year, banks will continue to keep a lid on costs wherever possible.
In addition, it's unclear if something similar to the Brexit and Trump effects last year will be replicated this year to keep markets volatile. "As a result, we think headcount will remain relatively stable this year compared to 2016. We don't see any significant expansion," he said.
Still, the outlook may be brightening for European banks. After years of savage cost cuts, scaling back operations and pulling out of some markets, the gap between them and U.S. banks – both in terms of headcount and revenue – will stop widening.
"There's only so much cost cutting you can do in the businesses you want to be in. Aside from one or two individual cases, the majority of strategic choice and restructuring in FICC has probably been done," Kuznetsov said.
A senior manager in equities trading at a large Wall Street bank said all his hiring was done "three years ago". While investment is still being made, particularly in technology and the online trading platform, this year he will be looking to hire only "opportunistically" when talented individuals become available.
The head of interest rates trading at another U.S. bank said automation plays an increasingly important role, and has affected up to 20 percent of headcount in his division.
Banks continue to rely on the "juniorisation" of trading desks, where senior and more expensive traders are replaced with younger, less experienced and cheaper graduates and trainees, as a means of keeping costs down.
"In the last three or four years, we've invested a lot in the 'junior population'. As a percentage of our trading business, it has materially increased," the head of rates trading said.
(Click here for a graphic on Big banks' trading revenue booms http://reut.rs/2kp0D9g)
(Graphic by Vikram Subhedar; Editing by David Stamp)
SINGAPORE: The Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) said it was investigating a case of "white smoke" at the Toa Payoh MRT station on Saturday (Oct 7) morning.
In a Facebook post, SCDF said it was alerted to the incident at about 9.20am.
"The white smoke has dissipated," it said later, adding that no injuries were reported.
"MRT and bus services are not affected by the incident. Investigation by SCDF ongoing," the post stated.
Advertisement
As STEM fields continue to grow, so has the need to encourage young people to pursue jobs within them. One researcher plans to do just that through her new manga: STEM Heroes.
San Francisco, CA — (ReleaseWire) — 01/02/2017 — Technology is an integral part of the modern world; most business, records, and a significant portion of interpersonal interaction is all done electronically. The devices and discoveries that allow this modern fascination with technology were all made through STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math) fields. And as these areas of study and research have grown in importance, the push for young people to explore the world of STEM has also grown. This new push has led to some very creative ways through which STEM fields are promoted, such as dolls, TV shows, and video games. However one medium that has not been explored in the quest to encourage young people to explore STEM is manga, or Japanese comics. Dr Ana Verissimo, a researcher at Leicester and Saga Universities, aims to explore this option and promote STEM to young women through her new manga, STEM Heroes.
Dr. Verissimo, who has a passion for communicating science, feels that "everyone should have access to basic knowledge on the usefulness of STEM, without all the complicated jargon", which prompted her to explore ways to communicate the wonders of STEM to a broad audience. Her solution is the aforementioned STEM Heroes, which follows four high school students who are each interested in a different field within STEM. The four of them solve issues and save the day within their community using their respective areas of expertise. For example, the first story has them solving a crime using DNA fingerprinting, computer modeling, and other exciting technologies and methods they have learned through their education in STEM fields. Dr. Verissimo envisions each adventure exploring different locales and issues, which will then relate to different discoveries and technologies discovered through research in STEM.
Having already written the first story and chosen an artist to illustrate, Dr. Verissimo faces only one major problem: funding. Both the costs of paying the commissioned illustrator and printing the finished product add up, so seeking external help has become necessary. To remedy this, Dr. Verissimo has chosen to Kickstart her campaign. She feels that crowdfunding is not only a great source of funding, but also a source of community, as success relies on people coming together to achieve a common goal. Rewards offered to donors range from a mention on the Thank-you page to having a character within the story modeled off a photo the donor provides. With reader help, STEM Heroes can become a source of enjoyment for people all over the world, all while inspiring young people to explore the fascinating world of STEM.
For more information about the STEM Heroes manga, visit the Kickstarter campaign page.
For more information on this press release visit: http://www.releasewire.com/press-releases/learn-about-the-world-of-science-with-stem-heroes-755951.htm
WASHINGTON (AP)  Start the countdown clock on a momentous two weeks for President Donald Trump and the GOP-run Congress.
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nations tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obamas health care law this past summer. Voters who will decide which party holds the majority in next years midterms elections are watching. (Continued below)
READ MORE
POWER ON: DTE works on portable power supply.
STATE NEWS: Police search for missing youths, 11 and 13.
Advertisement
MISCONDUCT: Two ex-council members in Fraser refused effort at reinstatement.
FIRE: Four-alarm blaze at apartment complex.
PAT CAPUTO: Lions and coach still have issues despite win.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown. An extension of the program that provides low-cost health care to more than 8 million children and aid to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida need to be addressed. And further complicating the end-of-year talks is the fate of some 800,000 young immigrants here illegally.
Lawmakers are trying to get it all done by Dec. 22.
A look at the crowded agenda:
TAXES
Republicans are upbeat about finalizing a tax bill from the House and Senate versions for Trumps first major legislative accomplishment in nearly 11 months in office.
I feel very confident were going to get this done ... at the end of the day were going to get this to the presidents desk and hes going to sign it, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said Sunday in an interview on Fox News Channel.
The House and Senate bills would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $20 trillion deficit. They combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals.
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California, New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes. Repeal of the deduction added up to $1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts.
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills  full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes, but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $10,000 in local property taxes.
And yet its still not a done deal.
Theres a lot of conversation around the fact that in some of the blue states where the taxes are high, the property tax alone, they will not be able to use the $10,000 possible deductions, Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said on NBCs Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on Sunday. So allowing for income and property taxes, which would cost another $100 billion by the way, to be options for folks in those states would be a better solution. And were looking at ways to make that happen.
Just a few weeks ago, lawmakers were unyielding on their insistence that the corporate tax rate be slashed from 35 percent to 20 percent. Now, one way to finance the changes on state and local taxes would be to cut the corporate tax rate to 21 or 22 percent instead.
GOVERNMENT SPENDING
Republicans and Democrats are trying to work out a sweeping budget deal. They got a temporary reprieve from a partial government shutdown when they passed a stopgap, two-week bill last Thursday.
Republicans want a major boost in defense spending. Democrats want a similar increase for domestic agencies.
Congress also has to figure out how much disaster aid should be directed to Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida. The Trump administration requested $44 billion last month, an amount lawmakers from hurricane-slammed regions say is insufficient. The latest request would bring the total appropriated for disaster relief this fall to close to $100 billion  and the government still must calculate how much it will cost to rebuild Puerto Ricos devastated housing stock and electric grid.
CHILDRENS HEALTH
Fresh federal money for the Childrens Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, ran out on Oct. 1, a blow to the widely popular program that provides low-cost medical care to more than 8 million children. Some states have relied on unspent funds, while others that were running out of money got a short-term reprieve in the two-week spending bill.
Lawmakers hope to agree on a long-term budget solution for a program thats about $14 billion a year.
IMMIGRATION
Democrats want to act now to protect young immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children, with demands that a solution is included in any year-end spending deal.
We will not leave here without a DACA fix, said Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
These young immigrants, often referred to as Dreamers, face deportation in a few months after Trump reversed administrative protections established by President Barack Obama.
Republicans say it can wait till next year and shouldnt bog down the broad budget agreement. However, House GOP leaders likely will require Democratic votes for the spending bill and they have to work out a deal with Pelosi.
Associated Press writers Marcy Gordon and Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.
Football's Decline Has Schools Dropping Teams
ELLICOTT CITY, Md. (AP) — On a cool and rainy afternoon during the first week of classes at Centennial High School in this well-to-do Baltimore suburb, about 50 members of the boys' cross-country team sauntered across the parking lot for their after-school run.
Meanwhile, about 30 kids in helmets and pads were going through drills on the pristine artificial turf field at the school's hillside football stadium.
“It used to be the other way around,” said Al Dodds, Centennial's cross-country coach, who has 64 boys on his team this year. “Now, there's a small turnout in football and cross-country is huge.”
Across the athletic complex, a practice football field sat empty, even though it was recently mown and painted with yardage lines and hash marks. In years past, the junior-varsity team would have been relegated to that grass field. But on this day they had the stadium to themselves, as they will for every practice this fall. Centennial isn't fielding a varsity football team because not enough kids signed up to play.
The situation at Centennial — where a long history of losing has dampened students' enthusiasm for football — is unique to this part of central Maryland, but there are plenty of similar examples around the U.S. Participation in high school football is down 3.5 percent over the past five years, according to the annual survey by the National Association of State High School Federations, or NFHS.
The decline would be much steeper if not for a handful of states in the South and the West. Throughout the Northeast, the Midwest and the West Coast, in communities urban and rural, wealthy and working-class, fewer kids are playing football.
“I've never been interested in football,” said 16-year-old Zach Deming, a cross-country runner at Centennial with the solid build of a defensive back. “I'm afraid of getting hurt badly, like getting a serious concussion .”
The risks of football have never been more apparent. This summer, researchers at Boston University said they'd found evidence of a brain disease linked to repeated head blows in nearly all of the 202 former football players they studied. The athletes whose brains were donated to the study had played football in the National Football League, college and even high school.
The report doesn't confirm chronic traumatic encephalopathy, known as CTE, is common in all football players, because many donors or their families participated in the study because of the players' troubling symptoms.
After years of denials, the NFL acknowledged a link between head blows and brain disease and agreed in 2015 to a $1 billion settlement to compensate former players who had accused the league of hiding the risks.
“There's no question about it. The amount of publicity, beginning with the NFL and what you see on national news, has caused concern among parents,” said Bob Gardner, the NFHS executive director. “Probably some who would have been more inclined to let their young men play, maybe are making different decisions now.”
A study published last month in the medical journal Translational Psychiatry showed that kids who played football before age 12 were more than twice as likely to have mood and behavior problems.
The news hasn't escaped the parents at Centennial, one of the top-rated public high schools in Maryland, where 97 percent of students go on to college after they graduate. Just 10 percent of students qualify for free or reduced-price meals, an indicator of poverty.
“Families around here are more into academics,” Zach said.
Maryland is one of 14 states where participation in football was down 10 percent or more over the past five years, according to NFHS data. In all, 41 states saw a decline between the 2011-12 and 2016-17 school years, and just nine states and the District of Columbia saw increases.
In West Windsor Township, New Jersey, which borders Princeton University and has a median household income of $137,000, one of the two public high schools dropped varsity football this year, and the other might have to do the same next year.
Trinity High School in Manchester, New Hampshire, also disbanded its varsity team, with hopes that it could return in a lower division next year.
At the first practice, the team “had three seniors, one junior, 12 sophomores and one freshman,” athletic director Chip Polak told the New Hampshire Union Leader in August. “Two of the seniors have never played any kind of organized football and the other senior is dealing with concussion symptoms.”
In Ventura County, California, northeast of Los Angeles, Thousand Oaks High School disbanded its junior-varsity team this season because it needed sophomores and juniors to fill out the varsity roster. In Marin County, north of San Francisco, Novato High School announced that it wouldn't field a varsity team this year, but the program got a last-minute reprieve when more athletes than expected showed up for practice.
The decline in participation isn't just limited to wealthy, coastal communities. Among the states where participation is down more than 10 percent are Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Wisconsin and Illinois. Population in Illinois has also declined over that period, while in Michigan and Wisconsin it has only grown slightly.
Researchers at the University of Colorado, who studied data from the NFHS and the Census, said in an analysis published Sept. 26 that high school football participation peaked in 2009 before beginning a decline that is likely to continue.
The NFL is paying attention to the numbers and trying to find ways to get kids playing the sport.
“It is important for kids to play sports because it's healthy, it's fun, and they learn important values,” NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said. “Of course, we think football is the best team sport and we aim to ensure there are a range options for young players today — both tackle and flag.”
While participation in tackle football is down, flag football is becoming more popular. Participation in the NFL Flag program run by USA Football for kids ages 6-17 increased by 66 percent from 2013 to 2016, with 385,000 kids playing last year.
In high schools, the expense of the sport and increasing specialization by young athletes are also factors. And while football is declining, other sports are growing, among them soccer and lacrosse. But football is different because it remains the nation's most popular spectator sport, and schools expect to sell tickets on Friday nights.
“The key thing about football is that it's such an important part of the financial picture of schools. Some of these schools rely on the attendance in high school football to pay for these other sports,” Gardner said. “While we certainly applaud the growth of all sports, we remain vigilant about what's going on in football because of the economic impact.”
Around the Centennial football program, there is optimism that varsity football could return next year if the JV team can put together a reasonably competitive season. The team has a strong freshman class, some of whom have never played organized football before.
Toward the end of the 2-hour practice, coaches wanted the first-team defense to get some full-speed reps. That required some creativity.
“If you're not on first-team defense, I need 11 of you to make an offense,” an assistant coach barked. “I need a running back, I need a fullback, I need five linemen, I need a tight end, I need two wide receivers. Let's go!”
___
Follow Ben Nuckols on Twitter at https://twitter.com/APBenNuckols .
- Bayern Munich host Real Madrid on Wednesday, April 25, in the 1st leg of their UEFA Champions League clash at the Allianz Arena
- Los Blancos are the defending champions of the competition and they will be gunning for their 3rd straight title this season
- However, Zidane has called his players to be more focused in a bid to beat the Bayern in the game
Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane says his players must be determined to stand a chance of playing in their third straight UEFA Champions League final next month.
Los Blancos saw off stiff competition from Juventus in the quarterfinal stage to reach the semifinal stage where they will battle German League champions, Bayern Munich on Wednesday.
Having won the title in the last two seasons, the Galacticos are plotting to become the first team to win the silverware three consecutive times after Bayern in the mid-1970s.
While the duo of Cristiano Ronaldo and Sergio Ramos will be appearing for the eighth consecutive time at the last four stage of the championship.
READ ALSO: Former Super Eagles coach Siasia shortlisted for Cameroon head coach job
The Spanish League campaigners have a better record over their German side in recent times, with the Galacticos winning all five of last meetings, and also eliminated the Bundesliga side in last year's quarterfinals and the 2014 semis.
Zidane, while speaking at the pre-match conference ahead of their clash on Wednesday, April 25 said it is always in the club's DNA to reach the latter stages of the championship, but must be focused and determined to scale through.
"It is the determination we have," he said. "This club has always been at this level. It is the DNA of this club, its history.
"In the end that determination is most important, as you are playing very good teams. Tomorrow will be another difficult match, but we are happy to be able to play these types of games."
Though, Madrid have only managed to win one of their last four games in all competitions, but Zidane is unfazed by their performances in those games, saying they would have no problem finding motivation in Munich.
PAY ATTENTION: Become a member of the leading sports Facebook group 'Naija Football Fan Zone'
"It is more difficult when, how can I say it ... well, it has happened to us this year in La Liga where we have lacked consistency, especially earlier in the season -- but in these types of games my players are at 150 percent, I've no doubts about that," he said.
Zidane also believes Colombia international, James Rodriguez, will want to prove a point to him as a footballer, adding that he doesn't have anything against the attacking midfielder.
"James will be motivated as he is a footballer and will want to do well, but not to show anything to me or anything like that.
"Anybody who thinks I am against James is wrong -- he is a good player and will show that for sure. I never had a problem with James, it was just he wanted to play more, needed that, and I understood.
"This year will be the same -- there are players who are on the bench. This is the most difficult part of being a coach."
Zidane took over at the Santiago Bernabeu in 2016 and since then, he has won two Champions League titles for the club.
Though, they have not been impressive in the domestic league this season, another UEFA top tier title will ensure they wrap up their season on a high.
During his playing days, he won the same title with Los Blancos in the 2002-03 season – about four years after winning the FIFA World Cup trophy with France on home soil.
He also led the French team to win the 2000 edition of the UEFA Championship title which was staged in Belgium and the Netherlands.
Who will win the champions league? - on NAIJ.com TV
[embedded content]
Source: Naija.ng
Four young Sussex League cricketers have been selected for a Lancashire tour with Brighton Brunswick.
Cuckfield's Joe Ludlow and Josh Hayward, Billingshurst's Tom Haynes and Bognor's Ryan Maskell have all been picked for the July tour.
Joe Ludlow
Brighton Brunswick has combined with the Spen Cama Cricket Foundation in an exciting new partnership to form what in future will be known as the Brighton Brunswick Spen Cama Cricket Foundation Award.
These two partners will provide finance for up and coming young club cricketers over 18 years of age which will meet their expenses on a tour to Lancashire.
The new partnership is designed to provide the selected players with a wider experience of playing a high level of cricket outside of Sussex.
The scheme has received the full backing of Keith Greenfield, the Sussex County Cricket Club's director of cricket and also the Sussex Premier Cricket League executive committee.
Josh Hayward
Commencing this season, the Brighton Brunswick will award bursaries to four young cricketers selected from clubs in Sussex by the Sussex Premier Cricket League Executive Committee, to join its tour party of Lancashire.
In addition, a minimum of four young players from Brighton Brunswick's own youth section will be awarded similar bursaries.
The tour party this year will play against teams from leading Premier League clubs in Liverpool including an Under 25 League XI.
Last season Ludlow scored 422 runs at an average of 30 including a top score of 117* v Roffey.
Ryan Maskell
There were also some very good scores in SPCL T20 Cup. He is winner of the Sussex Young Player of the Year and is currently studying and playing for Cardiff University.
Cuckfield skipper Hayward led the way for his side with 23 wickets @ 16.22 and the best of 5-33 against League champions East Grinstead.
Billingshurst captain Haynes scored 735 runs (fourth highest across all divisions) at an average of 45.94 with two centuries and three 50s. with the highest score of 151 against Lindfield. He chipped in with nine wickets and seven catches.
Maskell played for Horsham last year andscored 313 runs at an average of 20.87 with a top score of 51. He took 15 catches and eight stumpings as a wicket keeper.
Brunswick have been touring the West Country since 1935 but after a number of fixture problems last season, the Brunswick's Management Committee met to discuss the way forward.
David Bowden, president of Sussex CCC and vice-president of Brighton Brunswick put them in contact with Paul Bryson, Club & League Manager Lancashire Cricket Board.
Paul in turn, introduced Brunswick to Chris Weston, secretary of the Liverpool League.
He took hold of the reins and with the assistance of Andy Grice, the Liverpool under-18s manager, fixtures were quickly arranged.
The tour commences on Sunday July 15 when the party leaves for Stockport, where it will be based, and it plays: Formby CC on Monday July 16; The Northern CC on Tuesday July 17; Ormskirk CC on Wednesday July 18; Under 25 Liverpool League XI on Thursday July 19 - in an all-day match on the superb Liverpool Cricket Club historic ground.
Finch is minded to stay strong for Sussex
Gates thrown open for Sussex school kids
The Nashville Predators have not only built a powerhouse team in the Western Conference, they have done it in such a way under the salary cap that they not only have their core locked in for the foreseeable future, they still have enough salary cap space to add players like Kyle Turris and Nick Bonino on long-term deals.
Those additions have helped make an already strong team one of the absolute best in the NHL, and they only seem to be getting better.
They not only enter the week with one of the best records in the league, they are starting to look better than the team that was in the Stanley Cup Final just a few months ago.
Entering play on Monday the Predators 13-2-2 in their past 17 games.
Since acquiring Turris in that blockbuster three-team trade with the Colorado Avalanche and Ottawa Senators they are 10-2-2 while Turris himself has already recorded 13 points.
What is perhaps scariest about this team for the rest of the Western Conference is they have not really been fully healthy yet this season. Ryan Ellis, a key part of their defense, which is the backbone of their team, has yet to play this season. Bonino missed a significant chunk of the season and they are currently dealing with injuries to Johansen and Scott Hartnell. When totally healthy this team is going to be an abslute nightmare matchup for just about any team in the NHL with that defense and newfound center depth.
Their current run has them fourth in our power rankings.
Here is a look at where everybody else fits in.
The Elites
1. Tampa Bay Lightning — They still have the NHL's top two scorers, the NHL's best goal differential, and the NHL's best points percentage. Kind of hard to put anybody else on top of the league at this point, right?
2. St. Louis Blues — Losing Jaden Schwartz is just another injury added to the list this season for the Blues, but they keep finding ways to power through and keep winning. It helps that Brayden Schenn is on his way to a career year offensively.
3. Los Angeles Kings — They had a rough stretch where they lost seven out of eight games, but then they followed it up by winning eight in a row. They are once again at the top of the NHL's goals against leaderboard and have started to find some offense. Anze Kopitar is making a very strong early season MVP case for himself. He is third in the league in scoring, playing a ton of minutes, and dominating in all three zones the way he did when he was the focal point of a two-time Stanley Cup winning team.
4. Nashville Predators — The roster is not only better than the one that went to the Stanley Cup Final, they also just simply look like a better team, too.
The Rest Of The Best
5. Vegas Golden Knights — They. Won't. Stop. Winning. And now they are getting Marc-Andre Fleury back, the player that was supposed to be the cornerstone of their inaugural season. Quite a story that is developing here.
6. Columbus Blue Jackets — Imagine how good they can be when Cam Atkinson, a healthy scratch over the weekend, starts scoring goals again.
7. Toronto Maple Leafs — It's not just that the Maple Leafs have a superstar like Auston Matthews at the top of their lineup that makes them so dangerous and exciting offensively. It is the fact their lineup is just incredibly deep overall. Every line is capable of scoring goals on any given shift.
8. Washington Capitals — With wins in eight of their past 10 games, while also averaging 3.6 goals per game during that stretch, they are climbing the standings and starting to look like the Capitals again.
9. New York Rangers — As I said two weeks ago, winning just one of their first eight games put them in a hole that will be tough to climb out of in the standings. They are doing their best to make sure they do, in fact, climb out of it. They are 13-4-0 in their past 17 games.
10. Winnipeg Jets — They have cooled off a bit recently, but let's not panic just yet. That offense is still great.
Stuck In The Middle
11. New Jersey Devils — A little bit of a fall from where they were two weeks ago, but the young talent on this team is still worth watching and giving Devils fans a lot of reason to believe, both for this season and the future.
12. Boston Bruins — With wins in eight of their past 10 games the Bruins are really starting to put it together. David Pastrnak is becoming a star and looking to improve on his 34-goal, 70-point performance from a season ago.
13. New York Islanders — After scoring 34 goals a season ago Anders Lee is doing everything he can to show it was no fluke. With 17 goals in his first 34 games entering the week he is now on pace for 41 goals this season.
14. San Jose Sharks — If you like goals, their games are not the games to watch. To enter the week 26th in the league in goals scored and second in the league in goals against.
15. Calgary Flames — Johnny Gaudreau‘s brilliance has kind of overshadowed the fact that Sean Monahan is having a career year offensively (he has five more goals than Gaudreau) and is also starting to post dominant possession numbers.
The Mystery Teams: Are They Good Or Not?
16. Minnesota Wild — Are they good or not is a question that we seem to be able to ask about the Minnesota Wild every season.
17. Chicago Blackhawks — An aging team that is pretty dependent on its goaltender at this point. Sometimes they look great. Sometimes they don't. Is this the new normal for the Blackhawks?
18. Dallas Stars — After what was a mostly up-and-down 2016-17 season John Klingberg looks like he has back to being one of the NHL's most dynamic and dominant defensemen.
19. Pittsburgh Penguins — On any given night they can look like the team that has won back-to-back Stanley Cups. They can also look like a team that has no idea what it is doing.
20. Vancouver Canucks — Whether the Canucks maintain their early season success and actually make the playoffs is secondary to the fact the two best players on this team are under the age of 23 and look to be like legitimate building blocks.
21. Montreal Canadiens — The ultimate “are they good or not?” team this season. One night they are winning 10-1. Another night they are getting routed by the Oilers. Who knows what team is showing up when the puck drops.
22. Carolina Hurricanes — They are once again breaking hockey math.
23. Philadelphia Flyers — They snapped their 10-game losing streak by rolling through Western Canada, beating the Flames, Oilers and Canucks by a combined score of 13-5. Jakub Voracek is very quietly putting together a dominant season offensively, at least as far as his playmaking is concerned.
24. Anaheim Ducks — Adam Henrique has been pretty outstanding since coming over in the big trade with the New Jersey Devils. Given their injury situation down the middle it has been a much-needed addition.
25. Florida Panthers –– Losing Roberto Luongo could be a devastating blow to a team that really can not afford one. He has been spectacular when in the lineup while his backups have been … well … anything but spectacular.
The Basement
26. Colorado Avalanche — They overachieved for a while at the start of the year but with losses in 10 of their past 15 games they are starting to become the Avalanche again.
27. Edmonton Oilers — The deeper we get into the season the more likely it seems they are going to miss the playoffs and waste one of Connor McDavid‘s prime years. That remains astonishing.
28. Detroit Red Wings — In the past week they've lost games by scores of 10-1 and 6-1. They've also lost seven out of eight overall and are quickly falling down the standings. There just is not a lot to be excited about here.
29. Ottawa Senators — Not only is the team on the ice losing games with regularity, Erik Karlsson‘s future with the team has never been more in doubt. Other than that everything is great.
30. Arizona Coyotes — The travel schedule has not been kind to them. The good news? Ten of their next 12 games are at home. The bad news? Three of those first four games are against the Washington Capitals, Tampa Bay Lightning, and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
31. Buffalo Sabres — The Sabres had a stretch where they were shutout three games in a row and were about 10 minutes away from a fourth. Since November 1 they have played 18 games. They have scored more than one goal in only nine of them.
A driver aged in his 20s has been taken to hospital after the crash involving two lorries near Salford.
The collision created a large diesel spillage forcing authorities to close two anticlockwise lanes between junction 13 for Swinton and junction 16 for Kearsley.
The driver suffered chest, leg and arm injuries but was conscious and breathing, reported the Manchester Evening News.
Both lanes have now been reopened but delays remain.
Sir Ian McKellen is an out and proud gay actor who has spent years championing the cause of the LGBT community so his disappointment at Dumbledore not being given an explicitly gay narrative in the Fantastic Beasts sequel is understandable.
The actor was asked about the lack of homosexual characters in films, with the Harry Potter prequel cited as an example. The film's director David Yates had earlier this year confirmed that the Hogwarts teacher (played by Jude Law) would not see his sexuality explicitly explored in the new movie.
Time Out mentioned this to McKellen and he responded, “Isn't he? That's a pity. Well, nobody looks to Hollywood for social commentary, do they?”
The actor, who is promoting his documentary McKellen: Playing the Part, made a larger point about the diversity of Hollywood.
“They only recently discovered that there were black people in the world,” he said. “Hollywood has mistreated women in every possible way throughout its history.
“Gay men don't exist – [1998 movie] Gods and Monsters, I think, was the beginning of Hollywood admitting that there were gay people knocking around, even though half of Hollywood is gay.”
JK Rowling confirmed the character was gay after the release of her Harry Potter book series though did not explicitly confirm it on the page or in the eight movies of the original film franchise.
Fans were hoping that the Fantastic Beasts, set to feature five movies, would properly explore Dumbledore's sexuality but it looks like they might have to wait until the third film or later.
Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald will be released on November 16, 2018
McKellen: Playing the Part is released this Friday
READ MORE
Fox shareholders to vote on Disney deal
Dave Bautista back for ‘Avengers 4'
Belgium coach Roberto Martinez has said Brazil is the favourites when the countries meet in a “dream” World Cup quarterfinal on Friday.
“These two teams are constructed to score and to win matches. Against Brazil, it will not be about ball possession, but what you do with it. That's what this World Cup is all about,” Martinez told reporters on Wednesday.
“We know what we are capable of but Brazil are the favourites, putting us into a different role.
“But it's a dream match for our players — they were born to play in a match like this. Naturally we want to win, but we are not expected to and that is an important difference.”
Martinez saw Belgium recover from 2-0 down to snatch a last-gasp 3-2 win over Japan in the round of 16 and book their meeting with the five-time World Cup winners.
“Against a team like Brazil, you must attack and defend with 11 players,” he said. “We are not talking about a system but understanding what we must do when we have possession.
“I don't think it will be a game with many secrets. We have to defend as well as we can and then cause them pain when we have the ball. It can be that simple, and this squad is ready for that.”
Martinez faces a tricky decision about his lineup, with Nacer Chadli and Marouane Fellaini pressing for starts after coming off the bench against Japan to turn the game around.
“As a coach I have a lot of options with this team but I know in my head what I want to do. We will need power,” he said in a hint that Fellaini might be deployed from the beginning.
“If we show the same mentality as we did on Monday, we have a big chance.”
Belgium are playing in a second successive World Cup quarterfinal, looking to reach the semifinals for the second time after they advanced to the last four in Mexico 32 years ago.
“We have worked hard over two years for this and we are as ready as we ever can be,” Martinez said. “We've won all our games, everyone has played and we've scored 12 times.
“The game against Japan gave us a big boost. There is something special about this squad. If we play well, we can create a lot of chances.
“But there is no margin for error. If we give Brazil a chance, they will take it. I think it will be the match of the tournament.”
The winners of the tie face either France or Uruguay in St Petersburg on July 10.
Legendary rapper MC Lyte married the man of her dreams over the weekend in Montego Bay, Jamaica.
“It was so beautiful and a fairytale,” Lyte, 46, told Essence of her nuptials with Marine Corp veteran John Wyche. “I got my king.”
Lyte, whose real name is Lana Moorer, met her husband on Match.com in 2016 after opening herself up to receive a “yummy hubby.” The pair got engaged earlier this year.
The beachside ceremony welcomed several high-profiled guests including Lil Mama, Tai Beauchamp, SWV singer Coko and R&B star Kelly Price, who serenaded the couple during the ceremony.
“It's incredible so many people came out to support our union,” Wyche told the magazine about their big day. “We are starting out with a strong foundation. A few months into getting to know Lana I knew I wanted this woman as my wife.”
It didn't take long for Lyte to realize she'd found something special too. “One day when we're talking and I looked into his eyes. It was so much honesty and truth in his eyes,” she said. “My biggest thing with dating was to be vulnerable. And with him, I could totally let go and be myself.”
A request for comment from Lyte's rep wasn't immediately returned.
A post shared by mclyte (@mclyte) on Aug 12, 2017 at 10:48am PDT
‘Treat your water'
Professor Peter Waterman. Professor Peter Waterman.
By Craig Brealey
Safe drinking water was a right that everyone should enjoy but in parts of outback Australia the quality of the water was third-world standard, a visiting professor told a public meeting last night.
Peter Waterman, Adjunct Professor with the Institute for Land Water and Society at Charles Sturt University, said places like Broken Hill that had a supply that was tested, filtered and treated were well served.
However, on station properties and some townships in the Far West it was often a different story, Prof. Waterman said at the meeting held at the Democratic Club.
Please log in to read the whole article.
Fly Shop of the Bighorns presents film tour
SHERIDAN — Fly Shop of the Bighorns will present a 2017 fly-fishing film tour Saturday at 8 p.m.
Tickets to the festival cost $12 for adults and $10 for students.
The film tour — MFC Spring Tying Special and Fly Fishing Film Tour (F3T) — is a culmination of fly fishing films from the past year. The films will be salt water, fresh water and usually all the places in this world that many have on their bucket lists. You'll see tarpon fishing in Mexico, Taimen fishing in Asia and trout of all varieties.
Tickets can be purchased through the WYO Theater box office, by phone at 675-1150 or online at wyotheater.com.
The WYO Theater is located at 42 N. Main St.
Getty Images
The 49ers made peace with the team's Hall of Famers when John Lynch took over as General Manager, inviting the alums back to serve as mentors. Jerry Rice and Steve Young, whose photos hang all over the facility, attended Monday's practice and spoke at the team meeting.
Lynch, who inherited a 2-14 team, hopes to change the culture by bridging the past to the present.
“When you are talking about the culture, and you have those guys here that won Super Bowls — that knew what it took,” safety Eric Reid said, via Eric Branch of the San Francisco Chronicle. “It's the vibe. It's all about the vibe. When you walk in the building and you see those faces and, you're like ‘Man, that's greatness right there.' And you ask them how they did it, and they can give you little nuggets.”
Young shared that he made sure he received the game plan a day early so he had extra time to prepare.
“So now,” Reid said, “I want to do that with my coach.”
Rice participated in warmups and individual drills with players before running shadow routes in team drills.
We've put together some ideas for events and fireworks displays you could attend on July 4.
Re: Dying a good death with dignity (The St. Catharines Standard July 28)
We are blessed to have The Stabler Centre and it's oh-so-wonderful staff and volunteers. What Hospice Niagara provides our community goes way beyond those 10 beds, meeting the needs of those with a life-limiting illness - and their loved ones - with a day program, home visits, grief work, and more. Much more.
However there is a missing piece. Sadly, it denies its residents their legal right to choose medical assistance in dying (MAID). That's wrong. You see, it's their life, their choice.
Miriam Gersho,
Chair
Niagara Chapter, Dying With Dignity Canada
Greenspace being sacrificed for money
So like good boys and girls we are to share in the joyous fact that another chunk of Niagara region is going under the shovel.
Thorold Mayor Ted Luciani is ecstatic Toronto people are coming and he says “developers are wasting no time with current projects” - translation , they're slapping them up.
Greed has replaced commonsense.
The tax base is the creed of the day, politicians spout it steadily.
Wildlife, nature are not important, it's money folks, money.
Pelham, once a unique special place, has been transformed by Mayor Dave Augustyn into a predictable concrete sterile place. Wainfleet Mayor April Jeffs, along with Couns. Ted Hessels and Terry Gilmore, recently gave a 41-unit condo development the green light on property which was home to endangered Fowler toads, bald eagles, etc. Lowbanks, Fenwick, Port Robinson and Welland are all being bulldozed under.
Take note that in Niagara politicians' puff pieces there is no mention of destroying wildlife habitats, green spaces, healthy living for those of us who have paid taxes for years. No, all these shortsighted politicians continually discuss is the “tax base.”
Toronto people choose their way of life to make fortunes in the city and now like the ants running to the land of plenty the grasshopper worked so hard for, they will overtake and devour what we once were.
Forget your children and grandchildren's right to a healthy happy future, it is about the tax base.
Faye Suthons
Wainfleet
The Niger State Government on Monday commenced the disbursement of the N1 billion Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Micro Small and Medium Enterprises Development Fund (MSMEDF) to 11, 578 beneficiaries.
The fund was the first tranche of disbursement to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) aimed at creating financial inclusion, wealth and empowerment of youths.
Governor Abubakar Bello of Niger State said the state government had keyed into the initiative as part of its restoration agenda to empower youths to be engaged in useful ventures to become self-reliant.
He advised the beneficiaries to be prudent in the management of the funds as they were loans to be paid back.
Mr. Bello said the government would continue to support MSMEs so as to stimulate economic growth, create jobs and engage the youths to reduce restiveness.
“I must make it clear that these monies are not free, they are loans to artisans, which must be repaid so that others too can benefit.
“Our desire to focus on the SMEs is to help the absorption of productive resources at all levels of the economy.
“This will enable them contribute to the building of flexible economy system in which artisans in the state are fully empowered to contribute to our economy,'' he said.
He commended the effort of the agency in getting the beneficiaries and urged it to strengthen its recovery process to the loans were repaid.
In his remarks, Farouk Audi, the Director-General of the Small, Medium Enterprises and Micro Finance Agency, in the state, said the beneficiaries were drawn across the 25 Local Government Areas.
According to Audi, 6, 343 out of the total number are women constituting 60 per cent, while 5,244 are men.
He said three local government areas were selected in the three senatorial districts, adding that the scheme was targeted at generating wealth and job creation.
Mr. Audi added that the scheme would increase productivity and output of micro enterprises, enhance access to finance by MSME's operators, reduce poverty to the barest minimum and address social vices among youths.
Also speaking, Mahammad Mudi, the state Commissioner of Investment, Commerce and Industry, said the scheme would strengthen private sector operatives, ease access to affordable credit facility and create an enabling environment for businesses to strive.
He explained that the scheme was designed to empower the less privileged, petty traders, farmers, artisans, cottage industries, trade and general commerce, agricultural value-chain and business associations.
Mr. Mudi added that the scheme was a soft loan with beneficiaries expected to repay with ease through a simplified repayment guide within the recovery period.
This focus became obvious during last week's Facebook-Youtube-Twitter online video discussion with Metairie State Senator Conrad Appel. The Republican lawmaker discussed the legislation pending and his approach to helping to solve the ongoing difficult, if not, chronic problem.
Appel said there are “Twenty or so bills that will be filed or have been filed dealing with criminal justice reform. He said “it's a very complex complicated situation--if all the bills were passed the projection is Louisiana would save about three hundred million dollars over ten years so that's somewhere you know it's been projected between 15 and 30 million per year”
Appel said that the promise is that about fifty percent of that money would then flow back into projects dealing with preventing criminals from returning to crime. The Senator has his concerns however, whether that amount of money is enough but also if that money will simply go back into the general fund at some time in the future and “it will be subject to appropriations like every …pot of money in the general fund”.
Appel said further that his major issue is “public safety”. He said the sheriffs, business community, the governor all have different perspectives but that his own rule of thumb is, regardless how much money it saves, is, whether we are turning back a bunch of criminals onto the streets. He said he will not support legislation that unless he is “assured and I have some guarantees that we're just not turning loose a bunch of criminals frankly that have spent some time in jail and they're just going to go back out and reoffend and causes problems”
The Senator said that public safety is the over-arching measure of anything that we do. The Republican said that he is optimistic that they can solve the problem and that there are good people on all sides of the issue, but it must be “public safety first” to get his support.
Watch more of this segment of the interview
An Edmonton woman visiting Halifax says she was removed from an Air Canada flight after the crew wrongly assumed she had a contagious disease.
On Sunday evening, an Air Canada flight between Halifax and Toronto was delayed from 6:25 p.m. to 2 a.m. Monday, which the airline says was because “a passenger was believed to have a transmissible skin disease.”
That passenger was Jeanne Lehman, who says she started feeling unwell and developing a rash on her forehead after arriving in Halifax on Wednesday.
Lehman says she was only seated for a few moments when a flight attendant dressed in a mask and gloves asked her to gather her belongings and leave the plane. (Shaina Luck/CBC)
Over the next two days the rash spread to the area around her eye, so she visited a walk-in clinic and the QEII Health Sciences Centre emergency department. Doctors there gave her antiviral medication and told her it was fine for her to be around other people. Lehman said later she was diagnosed with shingles, which is not contagious.
(Infectious disease doctors say it is impossible to transmit shingles, although in certain circumstances a person in direct contact with someone with shingles can catch chicken pox if the blisters are open.)
Removal from flight
On Sunday evening, she tried to board a plane to go home to Edmonton. By that time her eye was quite puffy and she felt self-conscious about the condition of her face, so she asked if she could be seated beside a window.
“When I arrived on the plane, I saw the flight attendant. I asked her, I said, ‘Please, if you have a seat by the window … I would like to please to have that favour to give me that place. Because I'm not contagious, but I don't want people to see this side of my face. It is damaged,”‘ Lehman said Monday.
Lehman said she was only seated for a few moments when the flight attendant came back dressed in a mask and gloves, and asked Lehman to bring her belongings and follow her off the plane.
Lehman stayed in Halifax overnight and boarded another Air Canada flight the day after being removed from the flight. (CBC)
“Then she said to me, ‘You are contagious. You said you are contagious, so I cannot leave you in the plane. Just follow me.' Then I said to her, ‘First of all, I'm not contagious. You don't have to scream it like what you're doing right now.'”
‘It was bizarre'
Other passengers said announcements were made about a passenger with a contagious disease, and they observed staff disinfecting the area where Lehman had been seated. Eventually everyone was deplaned.
“It was bizarre,” said Susan McAlister, a Toronto resident. “I started to feel angry that she had been treated this way.”
McAlister does not know Lehman but said they struck up a conversation about Lehman's eye while waiting to board. Lehman told McAlister she had been seen by doctors and it was fine for her to be around others. McAlister said she also judged the condition was not infectious because of her own background.
“As a nurse, I wasn't worried because I knew that she wasn't. I had observed her physical state. None of her things were weeping. It wasn't contagious,” McAlister said.
A doctor at the QEII emergency room gave Lehman this prescription deeming her fit to fly. (Submitted by Jeanne Lehman)
Second trip to hospital
Lehman said she attempted to explain that she had been seen by doctors but she was taken by Air Canada staff to the QEII hospital where she was seen again late on Sunday evening.
In a statement to CBC News on Sunday night, an Air Canada spokesperson explained the decision was made to take Lehman to the ER “after consulting our medical experts.”
“Out of an abundance of caution passengers on board were also asked to disembark and a different aircraft will transport them later [Sunday]. We regret the inconvenience but this was deemed a necessary precaution taken after consultation with doctors and we will follow up with customers directly if they have any concerns,” wrote Peter Fitzpatrick.
Lehman said a doctor at the ER on Sunday night said she had shingles and that she was clear to fly, although it was so late that Air Canada chose to put her on a flight the next day. She was given a hotel room overnight, along with food vouchers.
Asking more questions
McAlister said before the other passengers left Halifax an announcement was made over the PA system that Lehman's condition was not contagious. Both she and Lehman want to know why staff did not ask more questions to understand the situation.
“Yes, have safety of people in heart. This is very normal. I don't blame that. But the thing is, they should have another type of protocol. They are not doctors,” said Lehman.
“They said ‘Oh, maybe because I don't speak English.' Yes, I know maybe my English is not perfect because I am a French speaker,” she said. “But if my English is not perfect, Air Canada is bilingual. If the flight attendant cannot understand what I am saying, maybe she should have called someone else who could explain that.”
Air Canada said it could not elaborate on Lehman's case.
“For privacy reasons we cannot provide details about individual customers, but we can confirm that once the passenger received medical clearance she was able to travel,” it said in a statement.
“Our priority is always the health and safety of our customers and employees, so we acted out of an abundance of caution. Regrettably, the situation resulted in inconvenience for some customers and we will be dealing with them directly.”
‘Psychologically, that affects me'
Lehman said the incident troubled her deeply, and she keeps going over it in her mind.
“Psychologically, that affects me. I couldn't sleep all this night,” she said, although her friends and family advised her to try to rest.
“Every time I would wake up and go, why did they do that? Why did this lady? She doesn't know me. Why did that happen?”
Lehman said she is tired but not in pain. She was able to board another flight home on Monday.
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | Health News
By Angela Charlton / AP, Saint PETERSBURG, Russia
While FIFA World Cup fans pack Saint Petersburg Stadium fantasizing of soccer victory, Pyotr Voskresensky and fellow gay rights activists follow the matches in a quiet gallery across town decorated with beanbags and astroturf. They relish a different dream.
Voskresensky, an anesthesiologist who lost one job because of his homosexuality and fears losing another because he refuses to keep it secret, hopes that hosting the global tournament proves to Russians “that openness and tolerance can be a positive experience” and forces them to rethink hard-line attitudes toward the LGBT community.
As long as the tournament is under way, Russia is looking almost gay-friendly. The international scrutiny that comes with hosting the World Cup has forced Russian authorities to put their crackdown on LGBT activism on hold.
A hotline for victims of anti-LGBT acts during the tournament has not received a single call so far.
Russian authorities did not bother prosecuting a British gay rights activist for protesting near the Kremlin and have allowed rainbow banners at multiple World Cup matches.
This little resembles the Russia that outlaws gay “propaganda” and shrugs off reports of gay people tortured in Chechnya. The Russia where anti-gay bullying at school is often condoned and anti-gay violence rarely punished. The Russia where waving a rainbow flag can lead to an arrest.
During the World Cup, “I can show myself even more publicly, because our city is hosting so many people — there is more information, more encounters, more possibilities,” said Andrei, who performs as “Star Vasha” in the Fame nightclub in Yekaterinburg, a tournament host city 1,400km east of Moscow.
He spoke on the condition that his last name not be used, fearing repercussions for those around him.
The big test comes after July 15, when the tournament ends and the crowds fly home. Will the World Cup leave a changed nation in its wake?
Some fear Russian police and militant groups will unleash pent-up frustration on the LGBT community as soon as the cameras turn away.
However, Voskresensky sees glimmers of hope and disagrees with those who favored boycotting Russia's World Cup.
“It's better to hold such events than to keep Russia ... cut off” from other cultures and ideas, he said.
He leads unofficial tours of Russia's “gay history,” a 5km walk through Saint Petersburg that references gay figures such as composer Pyotr Tchaikovsky and traces centuries of czarist, Soviet and post-Soviet policy toward same-sex relations.
Russia's 2013 law against gay “propaganda” toward minors makes it impossible to advertise his tours, because children might hear him talk. The law has been used to block gay rallies, limit funding and send a message to the larger public that it is all right to discriminate.
Voskresensky is a regular visitor to Saint Petersburg's Diversity House, set up for the World Cup by a prominent group that campaigns against racism and anti-gay abuse in sports, the Fare Network.
Diversity House was evicted from its original facility just as the tournament started, but the group complained — and within 24 hours a new site had been found.
Russian authorities seem to be playing a careful game.
British activist Peter Tatchell was arrested while protesting near Red Square on the opening day of the World Cup, but was quickly released as images of the arrest spread online. A planned court hearing was quietly abandoned.
When your batting average is way higher as a college freshman than it was your senior year of high school, that means you've improved a lot.
Kyle Cuellar of UCLA has done just that.
The freshman outfielder batted .321 last season at Pasadena La Salle. Now he's hitting .411 with 30 hits and 19 RBI for UCLA, which is in third place in the Pac-12 Conference.
He has provided a key boost offensively for the Bruins.
ABC News
There is no mistaking that the massacre in Las Vegas was an act of pure evil. Instead of allowing the country to mourn, politicians and public figures hastily used the incident to push their monotonous gun control narrative. However, legislating regulations on firearms in the immediate wake of Las Vegas would be an egregious mistake for the United States.
Sunday night's massacre outside the Mandalay Bay Hotel, orchestrated by Stephen Paddock, resulted in 59 dead and 527 wounded innocents. The incident is the bloodiest mass shooting in American history. Once the story hit mainstream news, the hashtag #GunControlNow immediately soared on Twitter. Hillary Clinton tweeted the following message of condolence:
“Las Vegas, we are grieving with you—the victims, those who lost loved ones, the responders, & all affected by this cold-blooded massacre”(@HillaryClinton).
Moments later, Clinton followed her heartfelt statement with perhaps the greatest display of opportunism, assailing the National Rifle Association (NRA) by tweeting:
“Our grief isn't enough. We can and must put politics aside, stand up to the NRA, and work together to try to stop this from happening again” (@HillaryClinton).
Oddly, this comes from the same individual who once told voters about how “her father taught her to shoot and said hunting and shooting were ‘part of our culture' and ‘a way of life' in America,” per the Washington Post in 2008. Flip-flop.
The insistence to enact gun control legislation immediately after the massacre is an excellent way to further complicate the already burdensome function of the United States government. Understandably, few would disagree that there are underlying issues that need to be addressed, but that is not the discussion at hand. Rather, it is important to understand that raw emotion does not equate to substantive policy that is well-intentioned and rational.
If some politicians get their way, the United States will quickly arrive at an outright ban on assault rifles. Although this seems sensible in the short run, one wonders what will follow. Several years from now, the next weapon under scrutiny may be handguns, which is a politically unpalatable position at the moment.
There are three considerations that we must fully understand before addressing gun control policies:
1. Paddock's motive is still unknown.
@brianross: Vegas shooting suspect spent several weeks stockpiling weapons, ammunition; motive still unknown —ABC News (@ABC) October 2, 2017
Without an established criminal record, it is unlikely that Paddock would have been found in violation of any federal policies meant to keep weapons out of the wrong hands. Although ISIS claimed responsibility for the event, there is currently no evidence supporting that statement. Thankfully, Las Vegas Police believe that he acted alone and the Department of Homeland Security has no other information. Unless we know Paddock's motive, we cannot term this an act of “terror,” regardless of race or color. The term “terrorism” has a legal definition and rushing to judgment convolutes the investigations that must occur. Jumping to conclusions and drafting policy based on unsubstantial information is an incorrect course of action.
2. How Paddock acquired his stockpile is entirely unclear.
The Las Vegas Police Department is reporting that there were 23 firearms recovered at the Mandalay Bay Hotel, and another 19 at the shooter's home in Mesquite, NV. However, we still do not understand the details surrounding those purchases. Furthermore, at the time of this article, there is no consensus on the weapon he used and/or the modifications made to the rifles. Although some believe he had a fully automatic machine gun — illegal to purchase in the United States — others say that Paddock modified a semi-automatic assault rifle. Before enacting legislation that would ban all assault rifles, we should understand which weapon Paddock used and tailor the policy accordingly. Again, this is not to say that having a private arsenal of 42 firearms is sensible or even necessary; rather, we must understand the facts before drafting legislation that will affect millions of responsible gun owners.
3. Formulating policy based on tragedy is a foolhardy practice.
Regardless of the timing, a rational policy is easily discernible; conversely, enforcing new regulations based on raw emotion leads directly to misinformed decisions. When something horrific happens, liberal figures erupt in unison and demonize the right. Assuredly, there will be those who ask, “How many killings does it take?” Nonetheless, in the interest of the United States, we must prevent lawmakers from using virtue signaling to establish policy. After every mass shooting — including Sandy Hook Elementary School, Orlando, Virginia Tech and Columbine — there is a concerted effort to remove guns entirely. Injecting emotion into the situation could not be a worse idea, as it would lead to heavy-handed policies that do not address the underlying issues.
For the moment, our nation would be better off mourning the victims of Las Vegas. Pray for the families affected, donate blood and remember those who lost their lives. Remain silent until the information is fully gathered. Pushing gun control using raw sentiment is incongruous with the intention of a republic, which is meant to separate emotion from law. Inserting moral righteousness into the situation will only result in a federal policy that does not address the issue properly. Changes need to be made, but now is not the time to make those judgments.
Resources can be donated here, here, and here. Blood can be donated here and here.
- Advertisement -
Manchester City took a huge step towards the Premier League title with a vital victory at rivals Manchester United.
Chelsea's title defence looks all but over after a miserable loss at West Ham United, while Wayne Rooney's first Merseyside derby goal earned Everton a draw at Liverpool.
Here are five things we learned from the Premier League this weekend:
Ghosts in machine foil Mourinho's bid to spook City
Jose Mourinho set his stall out nice and early ahead of the Manchester derby. The days leading up to the game were accompanied by a familiar drip-drip-drip of jibes –- about City's alleged propensity for diving and “tactical fouling” and opposite number Pep Guardiola's right to wear a ribbon in support of Catalan separatists –- in a bid to get inside his opponents' heads.
His tactical approach was familiar, too – a back four, two midfield scrappers and four quick players on the break. But the tried and tested Mourinho formula was fatally undermined by set-piece sloppiness, with Romelu Lukaku particularly culpable, that enabled City to pull off a 2-1 win and move 11 points clear at the head of the table. Mourinho was left to fall back on another similar tactic – blaming the referee, in this case for failing to award Ander Herrera what would have been a dubious late penalty.
Chelsea see their title hopes Hammered
Antonio Conte's champions delivered a lethargic display on Saturday. Even against an improving West Ham, Conte would have expected more, but instead the 1-0 defeat left the Italian conceding that hopes of successfully retaining the title are over.
Despite complaints that his squad is too small to cope with the extra matches, the side he turned out should have had enough to at least share the points, but there was no spark even from the reliable Cesc Fabregas while Eden Hazard drifted in and out of the match. It was a welcome boost for West Ham counterpart David Moyes, who has had little to smile about since his return to the dug out.
Spurs would happily play Stoke every week
- Advertisement -
‘Can we play you every week?' is an English terrace taunt that tends to be heard when a team are coasting to victory and in the case of Tottenham Hotspur and Stoke City, it is particularly apposite. Spurs' 5-1 win over Stoke made Mauricio Pochettino's side the first team to win four successive games against the same opponents by four goals or more in the history of the English top flight, following three previous 4-0 victories. Son Heung-Min starred and Harry Kane scored twice at Wembley as Spurs brought an end to a four-game winless run that put paid to their title ambitions. Stoke will not be looking forward to April's return fixture.
Klopp gamble misfires
The gasp was audible when the Liverpool team was read out over the Anfield public address system, and the next thought was the same for most Reds fans — had boss Jurgen Klopp lost his mind after leaving star forwards Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino on the bench?
Klopp's decision to rest the Brazil duo backfired badly as Liverpool were unable to turn territorial dominance into a Merseyside derby victory over Everton. Despite leading through Mohamed Salah's latest stunner, the Reds were pegged back by Wayne Rooney's late penalty. Klopp complained that the spot-kick shouldn't have been awarded and blamed the need to rest Coutinho and Firmino on Liverpool's draining European exploits in midweek. Whether those excuses will appease the devotees on the Kop is another matter.
Benitez under fire again
Things are turning sour on Tyneside, where one point from seven games and elongated takeover talk has left Newcastle United in the thick of a relegation battle and boss Rafael Benitez under fire.
A 3-2 home loss to Leicester City could prove a defining moment for the Magpies and their coach. Without cash for reinforcements in the January transfer window, it is increasingly tough to imagine how long Benitez will sit it out in the north-east as the natives grow more restless less than a year after he led them to promotion.
A former governor of Edo State, Mr. Adams Oshiomhole, on Friday took a swipe at former President Olusegun Obasanjo for advising President Muhammadu Buhari not to seek re-election in 2019.
Oshiomhole said Obasanjo was not in the right position to give such advice because the former President was not a known adviser to Buhari.
The former governor spoke with State House correspondents shortly after meeting the President behind closed doors at the Presidential Villa, Abuja.
Obasanjo had in a special press statement titled, ‘The Way Out: A clarion call for a Coalition for Nigeria Movement,” last week questioned Buhari's competence to rule Nigeria further, advising him to forget his second term bid.
The former President told Buhari not to test the patience of Nigerians, advising him to consider a deserved rest after the completion of his first term.
But Oshiomhole said Obasanjo had no such power to advise the President.
He said, “I'm not sure when I see the list of the (President's) advisers, that President Obasanjo is one of the advisers.
“I also recall with respect that the day President Obasanjo was inaugurating in some of his advisers, he did say that anybody who is his adviser can advise him, he will make his own decisions. I think that principle still stands.”
The former governor said, as a loyal party man, he was in the Presidential Villa to reassure Buhari of his government and also for 2019 election.
He said it was important for Buhari to know that at this trying times, he has men and women who have huge confidence in his leadership ability.
He said Nigerians could not but to appreciate the President and all that has been done under his leadership in the past two years and some months, especially in the fight against corruption.
He said those who are conversant with the nation's history would admit that its problems did not start with the present administration.
He said although many people had advised against blame game, there was no way the country could move forward without accessing the past.
Oshiomhole said those who understood the dynamics of governance knew that the rot of 16 years could not be cleared in two years.
He said, “Nigeria was below ground level and from what you guys report that I read, we have always had challenges but never in terms of this scale and magnitude.
“What President Buhari inherited is difficult to describe. I have said so before that when you meet such a situation, your first task is to halt the drift. When you halt the drift, then you stabilise before you begin to go. There is no miracle about it.
“I don't think that anybody who understands the challenge of nation building, of national economic management and so on will expect that in two years, you can fix in a sustainable manner all of the things that have been destroyed over 16 years before this party came into office.
“Yes, there are challenges; there are a couple of things we need to begin to do and re-enforce but there is no question that a lot has begun and a lot is being done.”
Oshiomhole lauded the present administration for its Social Investment Programme that seeks to among other things pay the poor under the Conditional Cash Transfer component of the scheme.
He, however, admitted that paucity of data is a major challenge to the plan.
“For me, there is a commitment. I can see a heart that cares for the poor.
“But that doesn't mean caring for the poor will make the poverty disappear overnight but that is a starting point.
“If you don't recognise that we have these people amongst us and they are in millions, then you are not even likely to reflect on how to deal with their problems.
“For me, in terms of values, I can see a lot,” the former governor concluded.
Lessons learned from the past week of play in the NHL:
What's My Line? Coach John Stevens knows
Besides dispelling fears he'd be a defense-first (and second and third) clone of Darryl Sutter, the Kings' coach has demonstrated a good feel for making in-game adjustments to create effective line combinations. Early last week he put Marian Gaborik alongside Anze Kopitar and Dustin Brown and the trio thrived. Later in the week he put Kopitar between wingers Tanner Pearson and Tyler Toffoli and got positive results. Stevens' ability to read players' energy levels and adjust accordingly has been crucial during the Kings' league-best eight-game winning streak.
Cue the nostalgia for the Original 30
The NHL moved toward balancing the East and West conferences at 16 teams each when Commissioner Gary Bettman said a Seattle group had been invited to apply for an expansion franchise. The group is expected to start a season-ticket drive in January, and the league will monitor the results to gauge interest in a team that would play in the renovated KeyArena. The $650 million expansion fee is a hefty rise from the $500 million paid by the Vegas Golden Knights. Also, Bettman said projections for next season's salary cap range from $78 million to $82 million, depending on whether the Players Assn. exercises its right to trigger an inflator. The cap is $75 million this season.
No need to sing the Blues
St. Louis lost two key contributors Saturday when forward Jaden Schwartz injured his right ankle while blocking a shot and defenseman Alex Pietrangelo sustained a lower-body injury. Schwartz, second in team scoring with 14 goals and 35 points in 30 games, is expected to be out for six weeks. But the Blues, who have won four straight games, have depth and resilience. They've missed Jay Bouwmeester, Alex Steen and Patrik Berglund for stretches but lead the West. Brayden Schenn (16 goals, 37 points) is on pace for career-high totals. And they're resourceful: When goalie Carter Hutton was hurt last Thursday they signed Tyler Stewart, a season ticket holder and former Saint Louis University club team goalie, to a tryout contract to back up Jake Allen. Help arrived from the minor leagues by the end of the first period, but Stewart took shots in warmups and lived the dream.
Chip off the old block
Calgary forward Matthew Tkachuk has the talent and abrasiveness to be an impact player like his father, Keith. But Matthew, who turned 20 on Monday, last week earned his third suspension in less than two seasons. According to Canada's Sportsnet network, he was invited to chat with the league's Department of Player Safety about his over-the-line conduct. His most recent one-game ban was imposed after he reached out from the bench to spear Toronto's Matt Martin. Tkachuk must learn to play between the whistles because he can't help the Flames when he's suspended.
CAPTION The Times' Bill Plaschke, Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 43-35 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles. The Rams dropped to 9-4, the Eagles clinched the NFC East at 11-2. The Times' Bill Plaschke, Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 43-35 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles. The Rams dropped to 9-4, the Eagles clinched the NFC East at 11-2. CAPTION The Times' Bill Plaschke, Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 43-35 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles. The Rams dropped to 9-4, the Eagles clinched the NFC East at 11-2. The Times' Bill Plaschke, Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 43-35 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles. The Rams dropped to 9-4, the Eagles clinched the NFC East at 11-2. CAPTION Hear from head coach Anthony Lynn and quarterback Philip Rivers after the Chargers beat the Redskins, 30-13, at the StubHub Center. Hear from head coach Anthony Lynn and quarterback Philip Rivers after the Chargers beat the Redskins, 30-13, at the StubHub Center. CAPTION Sammy Watkins could face his older brother, Jaylen, when the Rams and Eagles play Sunday at the Coliseum. Watkins describes the competitive nature between them growing up. Sammy Watkins could face his older brother, Jaylen, when the Rams and Eagles play Sunday at the Coliseum. Watkins describes the competitive nature between them growing up. CAPTION Rams punter Johnny Hekker and his wife, Makayla, took it upon themselves to buy and deliver supplies to those affected by the Thomas fire in Ventura County. Rams punter Johnny Hekker and his wife, Makayla, took it upon themselves to buy and deliver supplies to those affected by the Thomas fire in Ventura County. CAPTION U-T fantasy guru Eddie Brown has the latest on who to add and drop this week. U-T fantasy guru Eddie Brown has the latest on who to add and drop this week.
helene.elliott@latimes.com
Follow Helene Elliott on Twitter @helenenothelen
Two games into the season is hardly the time to panic, especially when the team in question is the Pittsburgh Penguins — a team that has won back-to-back Stanley Cups while overcoming quite a bit of adversity each time (a mid-season coaching change one year; a significant injury to one of their best players in the other).
But that doesn't mean it isn't a bit of an eye-opener when they open the season with back-to-back losses, giving up 15 goals in the process while getting completely annihilated on Thursday night in Chicago by a 10-1 margin.
Mike Sullivan called it a “wake-up call” on Friday in advance of their Stanley Cup Final rematch against Nashville on Saturday night and insisted that nobody is hitting the panic button.
Sullivan: "It's early, nobody's hitting the panic button here, but when you get beat the way we did last night, it's a wake-up call" -MC — Pens Inside Scoop (@PensInsideScoop) October 6, 2017
Quite honestly, they shouldn't be. But that doesn't mean there isn't reason for at least some mild concern with the way the team has looked through the first two games.
One of the more astonishing things about their Stanley Cup run a season ago is that they did it with what was a mostly patchwork defense that was without its best player in Kris Letang.
Overall, they were not a great defensive team during the 2016-17 season. They finished 17th in the league in goals against during the regular season, gave up more shots than your typical Stanley Cup winner does, and more often than not found themselves getting outshot and outchanced in the playoffs. What got them through it was two outstanding goaltending performances from Matt Murray and Marc-Andre Fleury, as well as the fact they had the best, and deepest group of forwards in the NHL that could pounce on any chance the opposition gave them and bury it in the back of the net.
The results were there in the short-term, but it was never a long-term recipe for success. The goaltending was always the key because without that level of play in the early rounds from Fleury they probably don't get out of the first or second round. Once that goaltending performance dropped off a little, the flaws on defense were going to be exposed.
A lot of those flaws on defense still showed up through the first two games (even with the return of Letang) and the goaltending has not been able to bail them out so far.
Murray hasn't quite gotten to his game yet, while new backup Antti Niemi fell on his face (literally and figuratively) in his debut with the team.
The question is whether or not they can remedy those flaws with the current roster.
The offseason saw the team lose forwards Nick Bonino, Matt Cullen and Chris Kunitz, while Patric Hornqvist has yet to play due to an injury. Losing Bonino and Cullen was a pretty big blow to their center depth (that they still have not really replaced) and with Hornqvist out of the lineup they are basically skating a couple of fourth lines when Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin are not on the ice and the defense still has its share of question marks, with the only change coming in the form of swapping out Trevor Daley and Ron Hainsey for Matt Hunwick.
They are still likely to swing a trade at some point to improve that center depth, and it seems logical to think that prized prospect Daniel Sprong might get the Jake Guentzel treatment this season and be a mid-season call-up after getting his feet wet in the American Hockey League.
That, along with the return of Hornqvist will certainly help fix those problems up front.
The problems on the back-end, however, might be a little more difficult to fix. Letang, when healthy, is a superstar and Justin Schultz has become the player everyone thought he could be in Edmonton. But beyond that it is still a group that has some question marks. It's been said about that group a lot over the past two years, and they've always found a way to overcome it and succeed, but the roster around them does not seem to be quite as strong on paper at the moment.
A Southern California community college canceled classes Monday morning for investigation of a possible threat after a former student told relatives he wanted to shoot up a school, police said.
Cypress College in northern Orange County reopened at noon after law enforcement detained a man for a mental health evaluation, officials said.
Police in the Los Angeles County city of Whittier received a report late Sunday from relatives of a 24-year-old man who told authorities he said in a text message he wanted to shoot up a school, said officer John Scoggins. The threat was not specific but the last school the man had attended was Cypress College, so authorities notified the campus, Scoggins said.
No weapons were found at the man's home in Pico Rivera and he was detained for a mental health evaluation, Scoggins said. The man was not named by police.
The school was placed on lockdown and classes were cancelled until the issue was resolved, campus officials said.
The man was arrested in 2016 for investigation of felony vandalism on campus and had been at the school three times in the last two weeks displaying erratic behavior, the college said in a statement.
Marc Posner, a spokesman for the college, said the man was asked to leave the campus last week because of his behavior.
The two-year college enrolls about 15,500 students each semester.
This story has been updated.
The Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) has issued a notice to the Vasant Kunj police station and JNU registrar seeking status report on the alleged sexual harassment case lodged by a student against a professor at the university.The women's panel said it has received a representation from the students of the School of Life Sciences, Jawaharlal Nehru University.Several Jawaharlal Nehru University students have been protesting outside the police station of as well as the university campus, demanding justice for the sexual harassment victim and arrest of Professor Atul Johri of the School of Life Sciences.The DCW notice issued to the Station House Officer of Vasant Kunj said, “The commission considers this a serious matter related to the safety and security of the young women. Further we have been informed that students have been protesting against the lack of arrest of the accused.”Seeking information from the SHO, the notice said, “Please inform us the status of the matter and reasons for not arresting the accused.”It has also issued a notice to the JNU registrar, seeking to know what safeguards have been taken to ensure the safety and security of the complainants and whether the present complaint is being looked into by the Internal Complainants Committee (ICC).
The Canadian Press
The final budget before a looming provincial election will offer measures to cut hospital wait times, lower child-care costs and expand mental-health services while reducing the overall deficit, the Ontario government said Monday.
The Liberal governments' speech from the throne, read out by Lt.-Gov. Elizabeth Dowdswell, offered no specific numbers for the promised investments, simply saying they would be announced in the March 28 budget.
But the speech outlined some of the government's priorities for the final parliamentary session before the June 7 election, a contest in which polls suggest the Liberals are trailing the Progressive Conservatives.
Health care is poised to be a major focus of the coming budget, the government said, promising "significant investments" in hospital operations with a view to reducing hospital wait times.
Similar funding will be earmarked to expand home-care services, mental-health and addictions care, the speech said.
The government also announced plans to expand the OHIP Plus program that currently offers free pharmacare to residents under the age of 25, saying it wants to make the program available to a larger swath of the population.
"Your government's plan for care and opportunity is the right way forward for Ontario's people, and Ontario's economy, because the well-being of both are intrinsically linked," Dowdswell told the legislature.
The speech also hinted at measures to address the cost of child care, which it identified as a "stumbling block" for many families.
It also contained promises for later in the child's life cycle, saying it would expand the program that currently offers free tuition to thousands of people.
Dowdswell said the 2018 budget will run a small deficit of one per cent and would map out "a clear path" back to balance.
Finance Minister Charles Sousa said it would be "precarious" to pursue a balanced budget and health-care supports simultaneously, adding that the current measures strike the best compromise.
"We can continue to balance, or we could continue to make these other investments that stimulate economic growth as well," he said. "We're choosing to do that with a moderate deficit next year in order to accommodate all those areas."
The speech made no mention of rising hydro rates that have contributed to historically low popularity rates for Premier Kathleen Wynne and which are expected to be a key issue at the ballot box when voters go to the polls.
At least one opposition party promptly dismissed the Liberals' planned health-care measures as carrots dangled in anticipation of the looming vote.
New Democrat Leader Andrea Horwath likened the plan to her own dental-care platform announced just days ago, which saw her promise to invest $1.2 billion on a dental program that would subsidize care for 4.5 million residents.
"The difference is New Democrats actually believe these things and will implement them upon being elected," Horwath said, adding that the Liberals often change their tune after they've already been voted in. "We believe in these things before elections and after elections."
Horwath has said the money for the dental care program, dubbed Ontario Benefits, would be raised through tax increases on corporations and wealthy individuals. She has said her government would run a deficit, but not provided additional details.
NAIROBI: Police fired teargas at opposition activists in Kenya's capital on Friday as demonstrators, who also held protests in three other cities, called for the sacking of election board officials involved in August's cancelled presidential vote.
Crowds gathered in Nairobi, the western opposition stronghold of Kisumu and the port of Mombasa for the second time this week.
Last month, Kenya's Supreme Court voided the Aug. 8 presidential election, citing irregularities, but did not criticise any specific individual at the election board.
President Uhuru Kenyatta, who officially won by 1.4 million votes only to have his victory annulled, has accused the Supreme Court of bringing the country close to "judicial chaos".
Opposition leader Raila Odinga and his supporters have turned their ire on the election board for its role in the cancelled poll.
With three weeks to go until a scheduled re-run of the vote, politicians from both sides have traded insults and accusations, raising fears of further turmoil in the regional economic and transport hub.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The opposition is threatening to boycott the Oct. 26 re-run if election board officials are not removed and if parliament passes a proposed amendment to the election law that could prevent the Supreme Court from annulling the results on procedural grounds again.
Parliamentarians are due to return from recess next week and may pass the bill then, an action likely to spark further protests from the opposition.
Earlier on Friday, the Nairobi county police commander said people would be allowed to protest, but anyone who tried to destroy property would "be dealt with firmly".
(Reporting by George Obulutsa; Editing by Richard Balmforth; Writing by Maggie Fick; Editing by Alison Williams and Andrew Heavens)
The 33-year-old may quit the Bernabeu with Manchester United waiting to welcome him back with open arms.
Ronaldo is understood to be disgruntled at the Bernabeu after problems over contract demands with Florentino Perez.
The Portuguese superstar is reportedly upset that he is not on the same wage package that Lionel Messi and Neymar are on.
The player has already hinted at a move away, with Ronaldo's comments putting Manchester United on red alert.
“It's been great being at Real Madrid,” he said after the Champions League final, which his side won 3-1.
A LIVERPOOL fan was reportedly stabbed tonight after Roma thugs were said to have ambushed home supporters with batons and belts.
Violence erupted on the streets before the Champions League semi final first leg clash. Shock footage emerged of a brawl outside an O'Neil's pub in Hanover Street which was quickly broken up by police. Some on Twitter claimed that Roma thugs were the aggressors. One fan was said to have been stabbed outside the Albert Pub just before the 7.45pm kick off.
@JNorthcroft/Twitter EMERGENCY: A Liverpool fan was reportedly stabbed close to Anfield stadium
TALK SPORT CRIME: Police guard the scene after a serious assault near Anfield
TALKSPORT AMBULANCE: Paramedics were seen helping an injured fan near the Albert pub
Daily Star reporter Jeremy Cross said: "Hearing reports of a serious incident behind the Kop end following clashes between rival fans. "Paramedics treating the stabbing victim, incident occurred close to the Albert. "Believed to be a Liverpool fan." Sunday Times journalist Jonathan Northcroft tweeted: "The Roma group came out of Venmore St, and attack was sudden. "Picked an older Liverpool fan and atracked him. "A lot of police around but they were slow on the scene.
Liverpool fans MOUNT police vans and light FLARES ahead of Champions League Striking pictures have emerged of fans on top of a Police van and flares being let off before the UEFA Champions League, Semi Final First Leg match at Anfield, Liverpool. 1 / 11 PA Fans on top of a Police van and flares being let off before the UEFA Champions League, Semi Final First Leg match at Anfield
"Poor guy is still down, horrible stuff." Merseyside Police confirmed that it was probing an attack outside the ground. The force tweeted: "We are investigating a serious assault of a man outside the Albert pub on Walton Breck Rd at about 7.35pm. "Officers are appealing to anyone with information, or mobile phone footage to contact our social media desk via Twitter @ MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC."
Francistown farmers call for Tombale's head
“If you are heading a project and it continues to collapse, the sensible thing for you to do would be to hit the exit button to allow someone with fresh ideas to take over.
The time has come for you to step aside,” an enraged farmer, Basimane Rakgomo told Tombale to a thunderous applause from a packed to capacity hall at a farmers meeting in Francistown yesterday.
The frustrated farmers in the Francistown Region unanimously called for the resignation of the Botswana Meat Commission's (BMC) Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Akolang Tombale at the meeting to address their many grievances including the indefinite close down of the Francistown abattoir and the late payment for their cattle.
The aggrieved farmers argued that Tombale has run out of both ideas and steam to solve their problems in the northeast following the close down of the Francistown abattoir last year.
Another fed up farmer from Zone 6, Lesego Tlhalerwa also spoke up after Rakgomo and reiterated the call for Tombale to pack and go.
Tombale however admitted that BMC has problems but refused to take responsibility for the closure of the Francistown abattoir.
“I came to BMC in 2012 when it had already collapsed, I do not know if I could be blamed for the collapse but if I do not restructure, the BMC would collapse completely,” Tombale said in his defense.
The meeting was called by angry farmers who have been left with a huge financial burden of transporting their cattle to the Lobatse abattoir after the Francistown abattoir closed down indefinitely last year because it apparently failed to meet its 800 cattle a day quota, an argument farmers have dismissed as a flimsy excuse to drive them out of business, citing that the slaughter house could be downsized to meet the demand.
