Microsoft has begun offering a lower specced Surface laptop running Windows 10 S and an Intel Core m3 processor. It's priced at $799, compared to the standard model's $999 price, and is only available in the platinum color configuration. Windows Central reports:Some other specs include a 2256 x 1504 resolution display, Intel HD graphics 615, 720p webcam with Windows Hello face-authentication, Omnisonic speakers with Dolby Audio Premium, one full-size USB 3.0 port, Mini DisplayPort, headphone jack and Surface Connect port. The device measures in a 12.13 inches x 8.79 inches x 0.57 inches and weighs 2.76 pounds.
ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistan's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is appearing before a Supreme Court-appointed team investigating allegations against his family's offshore companies and money laundering.
Authorities have made strict security arrangements at a building where Sharif will appear before noon Thursday. His two sons have already testified and denied the allegations against their family's financial affairs.
Sharif, who says he never misused his authority to enrich himself, has been under pressure to resign since reports based on documents leaked from a Panama-based law firm indicated his sons owned offshore companies.
The Supreme Court, after hearing petitions for months against Sharif and his family, has ruled there was not enough evidence to remove him from office but ordered an investigation team to look further into the allegations.
"While he will not be attending the July 4th celebrations, Mr. Singh knows that it will take more than symbolic gestures to successfully pressure the Trump administration," James Smith said in an email.
Goldfeder said she doesn't think the boycotts will impact the feel of the party at all.
"There are a handful of people who have decided to make this a comment on the Canada-U.S. relationship and that's fair," she said.
"They're all in good, safe places to make that comment, but it's for their purposes. I don't think anyone realistically has an expectation that that's something the U.S. administration — especially this one — would be all that impressed by."
Communications staff at the U.S. embassy have not yet responded to a request for comment about the party or the boycott. In Ireland, where several Irish MPs have made a show of boycotting the Fourth of July party in Dublin, the senior U.S. official at the embassy there suggested such a move was counterproductive.
“Everybody has the right to express themselves and how they do it, but I'm a firm believer in dialogue," said Reece Smyth, the deputy chief of the U.S. mission in Dublin, which hasn't had an ambassador since Trump took office in January 2017.
"Even when we disagree, I think the dialogue needs to continue as that is the only way we can come to an agreement,” Smyth told the Irish Times newspaper.
Ottawa-area MP Andrew Leslie, the government's parliamentary secretary for U.S.-Canada relations, is scheduled to attend. And Conservative defence critic James Bezan is flying back to Ottawa specifically for the party.
"It's our chance to go and celebrate Independence Day with the Americans and demonstrate we're friends," said Bezan.
"Members of families sometimes have difficulties, and we have to find a way to work through this."
By Mia Rabson, The Canadian Press
#CountyFire [update] east of Lake Berryessa (Yolo and Napa Counties) is now 82,700 acres and 25% contained. Evacuations in effect. https://t.co/z2FpwZ89SK pic.twitter.com/uSaipjp6g2 — CAL FIRE (@CAL_FIRE) July 4, 2018
Most #CountyFire action taking place near Guinda on State Hwy 116. Checking evacuation center en route. #abc7nOW pic.twitter.com/q4dPWGvGRY — Wayne Freedman (@WayneFreedman) July 4, 2018
EVACUATION ORDERS, ROAD CLOSURES:
The County Fire burning near Lake Berryessa has grown to 82,700 acres in the rough, mountainous terrain of Yolo and Lake counties and is now threatening over 1,000 structures. So far, the fire is 25 percent contained.Over 1,000 firefighters are still battling the blaze that nearly doubled in size on Monday.Most of the action, today, will happen around the small town of Guinda, on State Highway 16, which lies near the eastern side of the fire."The fire laid down, last night," said Cal Fire spokesman Israel Pinzon. Crews worked all night building containment lines along the fire.The massive blaze was choking skies with ash and smoke, prompting some officials to cancel Fourth of July fireworks shows and urge people to stay indoors to protect themselves from the unhealthy air.At least 2,500 people have been told to evacuate as the so-called County Fire continues to spread, said Anthony Brown, a spokesman with the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.Brown said the blaze started Saturday and is surging through rugged terrain northwest of Sacramento amid hot and dry weather. "The weather is better than what we had last weekend. But it's still hampering our efforts and it's an area of concern," he said.So far this year, wildfires have burned 4,200 square miles in the United States, according to the fire center. That's a bit below last year's acreage to date - which included the beginning of California's devastating fire season - but above the 10-year average of 3,600 square miles.Because of the Independence Day holiday, authorities are also concerned about the possibility of campfires or fireworks starting new fires because of the dry, hot conditions.Cal Fire officials say their goal is to have full containment of this fire by next Tuesday, July 10, 2018.Residences served by Highway 128, between Monticello Dam and Pleasant Valley Road.West of State Highway 16, to Berryessa Knoxville Road, South of Old County Road 40, and North of County Road 53North of Highway 128South of County Road 23East of Berryessa Knoxville RoadWest of County Road 89, South of the community of Esparto, however agricultural equipment will be permittedNorth of Quail Canyon RoadSouth of Highway 128East of the Blue Ridge mountainsWest of Pleasant Valley RoadEast of Capell Valley RoadNorth of State Highway 128 from Capell Valley Road, East to the Napa County lineNorth of State Highway 128 in Yolo County, not including the City of WintersSouth of County Road 23East of Berryessa Knoxville RodWest of County Road 89, South of the community of Esparto, however agricultural equipment will be permittedFor questions regarding Yolo County evacuations or advisories, please dial 2-1-1 For questions regarding Solano County evacuations or advisories please dial (707) 398-8261Evacuation center: Guinda Grange Hall in the Community of Guinda 16487 Forest Ave. Guinda, CA 95637Northbound County Road 87 from Highway 128, Berryessa Knoxville Road, from the Pope Creek Bridge to the Napa/Lake County line, Eastbound Highway 128 at Markley Resort, Westbound Highway 128 at Pleasant Valley Road, Pleasant Valley Road, South from Highway 128 remains open to serve traffic into Solano CountyCalifornia Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation, Cal OES, California Highway Patrol, California Conservation Corps, Yolo County OES, Yolo County Sheriff, Solano County Sheriff, Napa County Sheriff, PG&E, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Yocha Dehe Wintun Nation, Bureau of Land Management, United States Forest Service, and California National Guard.The fire sent smoke across the Bay Area , as far west as Petaluma and as far south as San Francisco and Redwood City, according to the National Weather Service in San Francisco.
🍑🍎… Uñas comidas, cara sin make up, de andar por casa jajajaja #booty #sexy #fitmodel #fitness #fitglutes #chile #spain #female #instapic
A post shared by Wilma González Mendoza (@wilmafit) on Aug 13, 2017 at 10:48am PDT
WWE Network
If you can manage to remember all the way back to NXT TakeOver: Dallas during WrestleMania 32 weekend, you'll recall that human murder machine Asuka broke every human's heart when she choked Bayley into unconsciousness to capture the NXT Women's Championship. Since then, it's just be a steady stream of Asuka head-kicking fools into the stratosphere, and she's still never lost a match since coming to NXT.
NXT and WWE announcer Tom Phillips tweeted on Sunday night that Asuka just put herself into the record book at the longest-reigning NXT Women's Champion of all time.
Congratulations to @WWEAsuka, who today becomes the longest reigning @WWENXT Women's Champion ever — Tom Phillips (@TomPhillipsWWE) January 2, 2017
But that's only partially true. Given the nature of NXT airing on tape delay, Asuka had in fact held the belt for 275 days as of Sunday. The inaugural NXT Women's Champion, Paige, won the belt on the July 24, 2013 episode of NXT television and vacated it on April 24, 2014 … a reign of 274 days. But the episode of NXT on which she won the belt was taped on June 20, 2013. So Paige actually literally held the title for 308 days, even though her reign “officially” began being recognized out in the open starting on July 24, 2013.
Got all that? Cool. Of course, it's incredibly likely that Asuka will hold onto the championship for another 33 days, passing Paige's literal record as well (both of which, I must note, will trump Nikki Bella's much-touted 301-day reign as WWE Divas Champion), but for now, WWE says she's the longest-reigning women's champ in NXT history. Certainly nothing to sneeze at.
And boy, it really doesn't seem like it's been that long at all, does it? Weird what happens when you're not reminded every single week that there's a big milestone coming up for a champ.
Portuguese star Cristiano Ronaldo could be hit with a 12-match ban after shoving the referee in Real Madrid's 3-1 win over Barcelona.
The Portugal star endured a dramatic outing at Camp Nou on Sunday, coming off the bench to score before getting booked for removing his shirt in celebration.
He took a tumble in the box soon after and earned a second yellow card for an apparent dive, but Ronaldo allowed his anger to get the better of him as he pushed the official, who then included the incident in his match report.
‘Player: Cristiano Ronaldo Dos Santos Aveiro. Once the red card was shown, the player pushed me slightly in a sign of disagreement,' wrote the referee.
That leaves Ronaldo open to sanction under Article 96 of the Royal Spanish Football Federation's (RFEF) laws, which recommends a suspension of 4-12 matches for players found to ‘grab, push or shake' an official in a manner that is ‘slightly violent'.
The 32-year-old is already due to serve a one-game ban following his dismissal. If the RFEF's competition committee applies a suspension of five games or more it will apply to all domestic matches. If the ban is four games or fewer, it will apply solely to the Super Cup.
Madrid host Barça in the second leg on Wednesday and begin their LaLiga title defence at Deportivo La Coruna on Saturday.
– This story originally appeared on FourFourTwo.co.za
Researchers at UC Irvine and the University of Pennsylvania have discovered a natural cellular regeneration process in mice that could one day result in scarless healing for humans.
In a study published last month in the journal Science, UCI's Maksim Plikus, a professor of developmental and cell biology, and Penn's Dr. George Cotsarelis, a dermatologist, discovered how large wounds in mice regenerated normal-looking skin.
The cellular and molecular process works because large skin wounds can generate new hair follicles. Haired wounds, in turn, regenerate new fat in response to signals from the follicles. Skin with hair and fat can then regenerate in the middle of the wound.
Plikus said the regeneration ability of large wounds may have evolved to help animals survive since development of hairless, fatless scars would lead to heat loss in the wild.
“It's kind of a survival strategy,” he said.
Plikus said the discovery, which researchers expect will work in humans, could revolutionize treatment, particularly for burn patients treated with skin grafts taken from another part of the body.
“This type of procedure is very damaging to the patient because you now have another injury at the donor site,” he said.
An alternative treatment of the future could be treating the wound by injecting molecules or grafting hairs to trigger the renewal process.
Regenerating fat cells in the skin could also be a treatment for wrinkles, the researchers concluded.
“We anticipate a lot of interest and follow-up studies from other groups,” Plikus said.
The appointment of an Iranian Olympic champion as Fiji's national weightlifting coach has led to a mass withdrawal of youth, junior and senior athletes from the Oceania Championships next month.
Among the protesters is Eileen Cikamatana, Fiji's sportswoman of the year and one of the best young weightlifters in the world, who has told insidethegames "there is no point continuing in the present set-up".
She is also boycotting two World Championships and has called on her Prime Minister to intervene after publicly accusing the head of her national federation of "destroying my dreams of winning an Olympic medal for Fiji".
The Fiji Association of Sport and National Olympic Committee (FASANOC) sent a delegation to talk to athletes and officials who announced their boycott in protest at the ousting of former national coach Joe Vueti, and the appointment of the 2000 Olympic 105 kilograms champion and former Iran and Oman head coach, Hossein Tavakoli.
Twenty-one of the 25 members of Fiji's national squads at all age levels have pulled out of the Oceania Championships in New Caledonia in the last week of June.
Fiji's youngest lifters will lose their chance to qualify for the Youth Olympic Games at those Championships.
Atma Maharaj, President of Weightlifting Fiji, acknowledged the receipt of a petition letter, and statements by Cikamatana declaring her withdrawal from the Oceania Championships, the International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) Junior World Championships - for which she was gold medal favourite - in July and the IWF Senior World Championships in November, an Olympic qualifying event for Tokyo 2020.
"We are taking a conciliatory approach on this matter," said Maharaj.
"We respect the decision of the athletes and officials."
Hossein Tavakoli won Olympic gold at Sydney 2000 and has been appointed Fiji's coach ©Getty Images
Maharaj also explained the reasons for the coaching change and voiced his "disappointment with the approach taken", saying that any disputes could have been settled amicably and privately.
Weightlifting Fiji asked FASANOC to send an independent delegation to mediate in Levuka, the island where Vueti and most of Fiji's weightlifters live, about 90 minutes by boat from the capital, Suva.
Vueti held the official title, until this month, of national development officer, though he has been regarded as Fiji's national coach for many years.
He and another former lifter, Peni Tawai, set up the Jungle Club gym in the village of Baba, Levuka, in 2002 - at the top of a flight of 400 steps.
Almost all of Fiji's top lifters, including Cikamatana, fellow Commonwealth Games medallist Apolonia Vaivai and double Olympian Manueli Tulo, trained at the Jungle Gym, as did all those involved in the boycott.
Cikamatana, 18, was first introduced to weightlifting by Tawai, her teacher, before Vueti took her on at the Jungle Gym.
She competed in the Oceania Talent Identification Programme before being sent to the Oceania Institute in New Caledonia early in 2016, since when she has been coached by Paul Coffa.
In the new regime she would be expected to train in Suva under Tavakoli.
Weightlifting Fiji said Tavakoli had been appointed as part of a programme to take the nation to a new level in the sport, and tied in with plans to create an elite performance centre in Suva.
Next year Suva is the host city for the IWF Junior World Championships.
Vaivai and Tulo had already relocated to Suva more than a year ago, said Maharaj, and other elite athletes would be provided with accommodation and a living allowance.
"Weightlifting Fiji is getting worldwide praise for being able to attract someone of the calibre of Hossein Tavakoli," he said.
"Anywhere else in the world, athletes and coaches will be clamouring for the opportunity of being coached at home in a high-performance system under the guidance and supervision of a former Olympic Games gold medallist and recent coach of an international weightlifting superpower."
The steps to the Jungle Gym which has trained Fiji's weightlifters ©Paul Coffa/OWF
In a letter to all team members, Maharaj said: "The appointment of the international coach fits in with our overall ambition of developing a genuine high-performance culture, assembling the best possible team, and producing a cadre of strong home-grown world class athletes and growing the sport in Fiji from a developmental phase to a world class level."
Maharaj said the plans, and Tavakoli's appointment, were supported by the Fiji Government, the Fiji National Sports Commission, the Fiji Sports Council and FASANOC.
Cikamatana, a Commonwealth Games gold medallist at 90kg last month, said in a statement sent to insidethegames and local newspapers: "Five weeks ago I was standing so proud and honoured on the stage of the Commonwealth Games at the Gold Coast, with tears streaming down my face, looking at my Fijian flag raised with the national anthem booming.
"I won a gold medal for my country.
"These are moments that very few people can experience."
Now, she said, she feels "bitterness, disappointment and heartbreak" over the sacking of Vueti.
She said her mother and sister, vice-president and Executive Board member of Weightlifting Fiji, had not been told of Tavakoli's appointment until after it had been made.
Maharaj said both women has been involved in discussions "at length" about a new coach since last year, and that on April 29 Vueti himself had been enthusiastic about bringing athletes to Suva in the new regime.
Cikamatana said Maharaj had shown "deliberate disregard for the lifters and coaches" and had "certainly destroyed my dreams of winning a medal at the Olympic Games".
In a recent training session Cikamatana, who took silver at last year's IWF Juniors, was in career-best form.
Cikamatana has returned from her elite training home in Noumea, New Caledonia to discuss the situation with her family in Fiji.
Eileen Cikamatana shows emotion after winning Gold Coast 2018 gold ©Getty Images
She said Vueti was regarded as "the father of weightlifting in Fiji" and had been national coach for many years - "longer than the current crop of Executive Board members of Weightlifting Fiji".
There was no reply from Vueti to an email request to talk to insidethegames.
Tavakoli has been appointed with funding and support from a Government-backed plan to appoint more foreign coaches.
In 2016 Fiji won its first Olympic medal in any sport when the men's rugby sevens team, coached by Englishman Ben Ryan, took gold - making Ryan a national hero.
Cikamatana was dreaming of being the first Fijian to win an individual Olympic medal.
Maharaj is hopeful that Cikamatana and the others will reconsider their boycott to keep those hopes alive.
Today in History
Today is Monday, Jan. 2, the second day of 2017. There are 363 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On Jan. 2, 1942, the Philippine capital of Manila was captured by Japanese forces during World War II.
On this date:
In 1788, Georgia became the fourth state to ratify the U.S. Constitution.
In 1792, the first classes began at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C.
In 1893, the U.S. Postal Service issued its first commemorative stamp to honor the World's Columbian Expedition and the quadricentennial of Christopher Columbus' voyage.
In 1900, U.S. Secretary of State John Hay announced the "Open Door Policy" to facilitate trade with China.
In 1921, religious services were broadcast on radio for the first time as KDKA in Pittsburgh aired the regular Sunday service of the city's Calvary Episcopal Church.
In 1935, Bruno Hauptmann went on trial in Flemington, New Jersey, on charges of kidnapping and murdering the 20-month-old son of Charles and Anne Lindbergh. (Hauptmann was found guilty, and executed.)
In 1955, the president of Panama, Jose Antonio Remon Cantera, was assassinated at a racetrack.
In 1967, Republican Ronald Reagan took the oath of office as the new governor of California in a ceremony that took place in Sacramento shortly just after midnight.
In 1974, President Richard Nixon signed legislation requiring states to limit highway speeds to 55 miles an hour as a way of conserving gasoline in the face of an OPEC oil embargo. (The 55 mph limit was effectively phased out in 1987; federal speed limits were abolished in 1995.) "Singing cowboy" star Tex Ritter died in Nashville at age 68.
In 1981, police in Sheffield, England, arrested Peter Sutcliffe, who confessed to being the "Yorkshire Ripper," the serial killer of 13 women.
In 1991, Sharon Pratt was sworn in as mayor of Washington, D.C., becoming the first black woman to head a city of Washington's size and prominence.
In 2006, a methane gas explosion at the Sago (SAY'-goh) Mine in West Virginia claimed the lives of 12 miners, but one miner, Randal McCloy, Jr., was eventually rescued. The roof of a skating rink collapsed in the German town of Bad Reichenhall (bahd RYK'-ehn-hahl), killing 15 people.
Ten years ago: The state funeral for former President Gerald R. Ford began with an elaborate service at Washington National Cathedral, then moved to Grand Rapids, Michigan. New York City commuter Wesley Autrey Sr. saved Cameron Hollopeter, a 19-year-old film student who'd fallen onto subway tracks, by leaping down and pulling the teen and himself into the trough between the tracks as a train passed over them. Talk show host Oprah Winfrey opened a school for disadvantaged girls in South Africa. (The school later became embroiled in allegations of abuse; Winfrey apologized and promised an overhaul.) No. 5 Louisville beat No. 15 Wake Forest 24-13 in the Orange Bowl. Former Jerusalem Mayor Teddy Kollek died at age 95.
Five years ago: Gordon Hirabayashi, a Japanese-American sociologist who spent 90 days in jail for refusing to be interned during World War II, died in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada at age 93. (Hirabayashi's conviction was overturned in 1987 by a U.S. court which concluded that the U.S. government's internment policies had been based on political expediency, and not on any risk to national security.) The 2012 Tournament of Roses brought its flowery floats to a worldwide audience under clear blue skies in Pasadena, California, and in its wake was followed by hundreds of anti-Wall Street protesters. No. 3 Oklahoma State beat No. 4 Stanford 41-38 in overtime in the Fiesta Bowl. No. 6 Oregon beat No. 9 Wisconsin 45-38 in the Rose Bowl.
One year ago: A heavily armed group led by Ammon and Ryan Bundy seized the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, beginning a 41-day standoff to protest the imprisonment of two ranchers convicted of setting fires on public land and demand the federal government turn over public lands to local control. Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders' campaign said it had raised more than $33 million during the previous three months in his bid to win the Democratic nomination, just short of the amount brought in by rival Hillary Clinton during the same period. The mayor of Temixco, Mexico, Gisela Mota, was assassinated a day after being sworn into office; two suspects were killed in a clash with police and three others arrested. Saudi Arabia executed 47 prisoners, including a prominent Shiite cleric; Shiite leaders in Iran and elsewhere across the Middle East swiftly condemned Riyadh and warned of a sectarian backlash.
Today's Birthdays: Country musician Harold Bradley is 91. Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert is 75. TV host Jack Hanna is 70. Actress Wendy Phillips is 65. Actress Cynthia Sikes is 63. Actress Gabrielle Carteris is 56. Movie director Todd Haynes is 56. Retired MLB All-Star pitcher David Cone is 54. Actress Tia Carrere is 50. Actor Cuba Gooding Jr. is 49. Model Christy Turlington is 48. Actor Taye Diggs is 46. Actress Renee Elise Goldsberry (Stage: "Hamilton") is 46. Rock musician Scott Underwood is 46. Rock singer Doug Robb (Hoobastank) is 42. Actor Dax Shepard is 42. Actress Paz Vega is 41. Country musician Chris Hartman is 39. Ballroom dancer Karina Smirnoff (TV: "Dancing with the Stars") is 39. Rock musician Jerry DePizzo Jr. (O.A.R.) is 38. Rhythm-and-blues singer Kelton Kessee (IMX) is 36. Pop singer-musician Ryan Merchant (Capital Cities) is 36. Actress Kate Bosworth is 34. Actor Peter Gadiot is 32. Jazz singer-musician Trombone Shorty is 31. Rhythm-and-blues singer/rapper Bryson Tiller is 24.
Thought for Today: "A clash of doctrines is not a disaster — it is an opportunity." — Alfred North Whitehead, English philosopher and mathematician (1861-1947).
This morning, Kanye West surprised Ebro in the Morning with an unexpected phone call on Hot 97 today.
He did not say much but told Ebro “I Love You,” several times before busting out in some Stevie Wonder. This is following yesterday's conversation in which Ebro discussed a conversation he had with Kanye West about his controversial tweet storm.
LAKE FOREST — Passengers aboard an Orange County Transit Authority bus were evacuated Friday night, October 6, due to a bomb threat, authorities said.
Around 6:25 p.m., a man who claimed to be on the bus phoned OCTA dispatchers and said there was a bomb attached to a bicycle on the front of the bus, said Orange County Sheriff's Department Lt. John Roche.
As a precaution, the passengers were evacuated near El Toro Road and Raymond Way.
A Sheriff's Department bomb-sniffing dog did not find any explosives on the bicycle. The man who made the threat had not been identified or arrested Friday night.
The passengers were allowed to reboard the bus, which continued on its route.
U.S. Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy testifies before a House Oversight Committee and Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee joint hearing on "Examining Ongoing Challenges at the U.S. Secret Service" on Capitol Hill in Washington November 17, 2015. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - (This February 14 story has been refiled to correct description of weapon to semi-automatic rifle, not automatic rifle in last paragraph.)
U.S. Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy plans to step down next month, the agency said on Tuesday, two years after he took charge of the agency following high-profile security lapses by the service responsible for protecting the president.
"Congratulations Dir Clancy on your retirement! The men & women of the @SecretService are grateful for your 29 years of service & leadership," the Secret Service said on Twitter.
Clancy will leave on March 4, an agency spokesman said.
Clancy's departure means that President Donald Trump will be able to select his own security chief. The Secret Service has almost 7,000 employees and is charged with protecting the president and his family as well as combating counterfeiting.
Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama, named Clancy head of the Secret Service in February 2015 after he had served as acting director for four months.
He took over from Director Julia Pierson, who stepped down after an embarrassing breach in which a man carrying a knife jumped the White House fence and ran into the executive mansion.
Obama picked Clancy despite the recommendation of an independent review panel that the next director be from outside the agency, which it said had become too insular.
Clancy headed the Secret Service as it tackled a heavy workload despite having the lowest number of employees in a decade. He was also in charge during last year's bitter presidential election without any major security incidents.
The service's credibility was also damaged in 2012 when it was revealed that members had hired prostitutes while in Colombia in advance of an Obama trip. A man hit the White House with semi-automatic rifle fire in 2011, although the damage was not discovered until four days later.
(Reporting by Ian Simpson, editing by G Crosse)
For the second week in a row, Queen Elizabeth II was a no-show at church with a bad cold that forced her to skip the New Year's Day holiday service, according to the palace.
“The Queen does not yet feel ready to attend church as she is still recuperating from a heavy cold,” Buckingham Palace said in a statement Sunday.
The Queen also missed the royal family's traditional Christmas service at St. Mary Magdalene Church on the Sandringham estate due to a cold. That was reportedly the first time in 28 years the Queen did not attend the Christmas service. On New Years Day, he stayed inside again prompting increased concerns about her health.
Joe Giddens/AP Photo
Princess Anne, the monarch's daughter, reassured well-wishers who braved the cold, rainy weather Sunday outside the church that the queen was on the mend.
Queen Elizabeth was last seen more than two weeks ago to pre-record her annual Christmas message. Her prolonged absence since has heightened speculation and concern about the severity and extent of her illness.
The Queen: "I wish you all a very happy Christmas" #QueensSpeech pic.twitter.com/KHn3CWD1e4 — The Royal Family (@RoyalFamily) December 25, 2016
Royal sources are saying, however, that the palace is simply being cautious and practical given the cold weather, and that the queen is said to be up and about working inside the warmth of her home.
“We're talking about a 90-year-old woman with a lingering cold,” ABC News contributor on the royal family, Victoria Murphy, said. “She didn't want to be standing inside a cold church for up to an hour braving that terrible rain and didn't want to risk getting worse and she was advised by her doctors to not take the risk.”
Before Christmas, the Queen and Prince Philip postponed their trip to Sandringham by 24 hours because they were ill. They later elected to take a helicopter instead of boarding the royal train in London as they typically do each year.
Prince Philip, who was also suffering from a cold, according to the palace, was well enough to make the traditional walk to church with the rest of the family on Christmas while the queen remained at home.
The public will have to wait one more week for a glimpse of their monarch. Her next scheduled public appearance is at church next Sunday, if she's well enough to attend.
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Britain's defense minister says Russian aggression toward NATO is increasing and the alliance was right to have agreed to a "very high readiness taskforce."
Michael Fallon said Thursday that Russia had annexed Crimea, threatened the Baltic states, and interfered in the democratic processes in Western Europe with "propaganda and other means," in the past three years.
He also accused Russia of "aggression in the eastern Mediterranean, prolonging the conflict in Syria," adding "the threat to NATO particularly to the southeastern flank is growing."
He said the alliance had rightly agreed to "a very high readiness taskforce which is ....demonstrating the rapid response that NATO requires."
Fallon is on a two-day visit to Romania, where he has stressed that Britain, which will leave the European Union, remains committed to European security.
19-year-old Palestinian Arab rioter killed during clashes with the IDF in Burqin, near Jenin.
A 19-year-old Palestinian Arab rioter was killed on Saturday in clashes with security forces in the village of Burqin, near Jenin.
The Palestinian Authority's health ministry said the man was seriously wounded after being shot in the head and was evacuated to the hospital in Jenin, where he was pronounced dead.
Israeli security forces have been operating since Saturday morning in Burqin. A Palestinian Arab report said the forces encircled the home of Ahmad Nasser Jarar, the terrorist who led the cell which murdered Rabbi Raziel Shevach on January 9 near Havat Gilad.
Jarar is the only member of the cell who has not yet been captured by Israeli security forces.
The Palestinian Arabs reported that during Saturday's operation the army had declared a curfew throughout the village and soldiers surrounded the house where Jarar was allegedly hiding. IDF forces also operated in Jenin.
Ten suspects have been arrested in the operation, among them, according to reports, Jarar's wife and father-in-law.
Riots and disturbance occurred during the operation, in which local Arabs attacked the security forces, throwing firebombs and rocks at them.
It's time to man up – and be a woman!
Well, just for a couple of hours or so because it's all for a most worthy cause.
Michael Lowe, Kevin Burley and Richard Ducket getting ready for the Derian House children's hospice's annual Dames on the Run fund raiser next month.
Guys will turn into gals next month for the third annual men's Dames on the Run race. Being held on October 8, the Derian House fundraiser takes place at Astley Park and the charity is looking for local blokes to compete in the 5k fun run to raise much-needed cash for the children's hospice.
The event is staged to celebrate all the Derian dads who do so much to support their family in the face of their child's illness.
Susie Poppitt, head of fundraising at Derian House said: “This fun event has now become a firm favourite in the Derian House fundraising calendar.
It provides both runners and spectators alike with a 5K race with a difference, and a lot of entertainment along the way, and, of course, it raises vital funds for Derian House at the same time.
“We want as many men as possible to sign up and help us raise at least £5,000 sponsorship to help us make a real difference to the life threatened children and families we support throughout the North West.
“So, come on guys, get out those dresses, put on the makeup, and start training for the race of your life.”
You don't have to be linked to the charity in any way, just be a game dame and complete a 5k course while raising money at the same time.
This year the fundraising team is making it even easier to sign up and join in the fun run. Derian's shops in Longton and Chorley have some dresses available, and their windows are dressed with a selection of race outfits. For more information call Derian House on 01257 271271.
Floyd Mayweather is doing more than boxing and launching his own businesses. The Money Team Music Group presents their Hip Hop recording artist, Lil Jamez.
Jamez released his new single “Too Much Money”, and he proves it in the visuals. The video kicks off with Jamez rocking Moncler apparel from head-to-toe matched with his TMT chain. His impressive Lamborghini appears in the screen and then the beat drops. Jamez and his team get bagged but the Hip Hop police, but it doesn't look like anybody is snitching. Jamez certainly has the next trap hit. Young Thug and A$AP Rocky both make cameos in the video.
Check out the full video for “Too Much Money” above.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Saudi Arabia's young crown prince has an ambitious list of to-dos: modernize his conservative kingdom, weaken Iran's hand across the Mideast and, this week, rehabilitate his country's image in the eyes of Americans.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, son of King Salman and heir to the throne, is opening a marathon tour of the United States with a stop in Washington, where he plans to meet President Donald Trump on Tuesday. He'll hold separate meetings with a long roster of influential U.S. officials, including the secretaries of defense, treasury and commerce, the CIA chief and congressional leaders from both parties.
The visit comes as the United States and much of the West are still trying to figure out Crown Prince Mohammed, better known by his initials MBS, whose sweeping program of social changes at home and increased Saudi assertiveness abroad has upended decades of traditional rule in Saudi Arabia. The 32-year-old crown prince also has big economic plans, and over three weeks in the U.S. he will meet businessmen in New York, tech mavens from Google and Apple Inc. in San Francisco, and entertainment bigwigs in Los Angeles. Other stops include Boston and Houston.
"This is not the real Saudi Arabia," MBS said when asked by CBS News about the repressive version of Islam many outsiders associate with the kingdom. He said he was restoring the more tolerant, egalitarian society that existed before Saudi Arabia's ultraconservatives were empowered in 1979. "We were victims, especially my generation that suffered from this a great deal."
It's a message that has earned MBS admirers in the United States, as he allowed women to drive and opened movie theaters shuttered since the 1980s. MBS is turning "Saudi Arabia into a normal country in which normal people lead normal lives," Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told reporters Monday.
Yet Democrats and Republicans have approached some of the crown prince's other bold steps with trepidation, particularly as they pertain to his anti-Iran efforts. One bill in Congress proposes scaling back U.S. military assistance to a Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen.
MBS, in particular, has been closely identified with the three-year-old war in the Arab world's poorest country, which started while he was defense minister. The Saudis and their allies are fighting Iran-backed Houthi rebels, but international organizations have harshly criticized the coalition's airstrikes and blockading of Yemeni ports for contributing to thousands of civilian deaths and a humanitarian catastrophe.
It's not the only regional mess the Saudis are in. In November, U.S. officials voiced unease when Lebanon's prime minister unexpectedly resigned while in Riyadh. Saudi Arabia was accused of attempting to bring down Lebanon's government, which is strongly influenced by Iranian proxy Hezbollah. Prime Minister Saad Hariri later reversed his resignation.
The Saudis are working aggressively to change perceptions. They've cast themselves as essential partners against Islamist extremist groups and, especially since Trump's maiden overseas voyage last year, touted their lavish purchases of high-tech goods from job-creating American companies. In Yemen, the kingdom says it is improving military targeting, opening up ports and pledging $1.5 billion in new aid.
"The concerns expressed there are reflective of deep concerns by the American public at large," said Lori Plotkin Boghardt, a Gulf scholar at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. "The Saudis are very sensitive to this. They're certainly communicating with elite circles to discuss the measures they're taking to try to get humanitarian assistance in to Yemen."
In MBS, Trump will find a sympathetic ear for his calls to crack down on Iran, Saudi Arabia's archenemy, and strengthen a 2015 nuclear deal with Tehran that former President Barack Obama and world powers brokered. Trump has threatened to pull out of the agreement unless there are changes by May. Last week, Trump fired Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, an advocate of staying in the accord, choosing Mike Pompeo, the current CIA director and nuclear deal critic, as a replacement.
MBS could dangle a huge carrot in front of Trump for his support. Stock exchanges in New York and elsewhere are vying for the international listing of Aramco, the Saudi oil behemoth expected to go public soon. Saudi concerns with New York include a post-9/11 law that could jeopardize assets in the United States if victims' families claim Saudi Arabia helped the al-Qaida attackers and sue for compensation.
Although the U.S. has welcomed MBS's determination to purge pervasive corruption in Saudi Arabia, including by royals, the Trump administration hasn't endorsed his tactics. Last year, more than 150 high-level princes, ministers, military officials and businessmen were abruptly rounded up and detained at the Ritz-Carlton hotel. They eventually paid settlements that Saudi Arabia says exceeded $106 billion.
Al-Jubeir, the foreign minister, said the tough tactics were needed after past anti-corruption campaigns failed.
"It didn't work," he said. "So now you do something dramatic."
___
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP
Source: Pravda.Ru photo archive
The start of the tests of Russia's first-ever reusable suborbital spacecraft for space tourism is scheduled for 2019-2020. The development of the project is conducted by KosmoKurs company (the project is funded by a private investor).
KosmoKurs CEO Pavel Pushkin said that a trip into space will cost about $200-250 thousand dollars. However, the price may change.
Tickets for space tours are to go on sale as early as in 2018.
"The spacecraft will be launched from a Russian cosmodrome. Space flights will be conducted at an altitude of Yuri Gagarin's flight," Pushkin told RIA Novosti.
A candidate will be allowed to fly into space after all procedures related to the payment, three-day training and medical examination are complete accordingly. Up to six space travelers will be able to stay in space for 15 minutes (of which 5-6 minutes - under the condition of weightlessness).
Last year, Russian Rocket and Space Corporation (RSC) Energia announced a project to send a group of space travelers to the Moon. A ticket to the Moon currently costs about $120 million.
Noteworthy, the first short flight to the Moon is to be conducted on board the modernized Soyuz spaceship already in 2020.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Dell is taking an unconventional route back to public markets; we break it down for you
After retreating from public markets in 2013, Michael Dell is looking to take his eponymous computing company back onto the stock market via a complex deal involving its VMware tracking stock.
So what does that mean? And what will the impact be on the complex structure of Dell Technologies? We try to break it all down.
First off, it's best to outline the structure at Dell since its mega US$67 billion acquisition of EMC in 2015.
The result was a new parent company - called Dell Technologies - which sits above Dell, Dell EMC, Pivotal and VMware, roughly speaking.
So, first there is the flailing former servers and computing division of Dell, which is now Dell Client Solutions Group. Then there is Dell EMC, which focuses on data storage and services. Then there is VMware, the high-growth cloud computing and platform virtualisation software vendor EMC acquired in 2004 for $625 million.
There are some other divisions and sub-divisions - like RSA, SecureWorks and Virtustream - but that is the important stuff when it comes to this deal.
Going public
The publicly traded Dell went private in 2013 following a $25 billion deal with private equity business Silver Lake. Now, in order to re-enter the public markets, Dell must acquire back something called tracking stock.
This is a common stock issued by a parent company (in this case Dell Technologies) to track the performance of a particular division (VMware), without having claim on the assets of the division.
This effectively separates VMware's revenue and expenses from the parent company's financial statements. This allows investors to invest in VMware, even if they don't have faith in Dell Technologies as a whole.
So Dell established this stock after the EMC merger for the sole purpose of tracking VMware performance
Now, as part of this piece of corporate manoeuvring, Dell is widely reported to be looking to exchange that Dell Technologies (DVMT) tracking stock (known as Class V) with Dell's own privately held common stock (known as Class C) at a rate of 1.3665, or for $109 per share in cash, if the holder so chooses, and as long as the aggregate of that does not exceed $9 billion.
In short: the tracking stock will be eliminated as it is traded, at a premium, for Dell's privately owned common stock, which will then be directly listed on the public New York Stock Exchange. The complex details of that transaction can be found in this Dell press release.
Dell will then directly list this stock as a new class of shares under a yet-to-be-announced ticker symbol, on the public market. This route saves it having to go through the formal, underwritten IPO process and all of the questions this brings, primarily regarding Dell's sizeable debt pile.
One of the alternatives floated out there in previous months was a reverse merger with VMware after going public again, but this will not be the route the company takes now.
What next?
Upon closure of the deal, expected for Q4 this year, this means that Dell Technologies will once again be a public company, with all of the rigours of quarterly reporting and keeping investors happy which that brings.
Michael Dell, who currently owns 72% of Dell Technologies common shares, is a big winner of the deal. He will own somewhere between 47-54% of the newly public company and will continue to serve as chairman and CEO.
It also means Dell now has more control over VMware moving forward, as it wrests control back from the owners of that tracking stock.
However VMware will remain a separate publicly traded company to Dell Technologies, similar to how Pivotal - which is majority owned by Dell - went public earlier this year.
Craig Lowery, research director at Gartner, believes the timing is right for this move from Dell as the company has already taken advantage of the autonomy going private brought and now can focus on "more consolidation to the Dell Technologies portfolio by removing the tracking stock, while allowing Michael Dell and Silver Lake to maintain control of VMware, and positioning Dell to become a publicly traded company again," he said.
More importantly Lowery sees this move as vital to Dell's long term ability to compete with the public cloud vendors.
"It is also essential for Dell to position itself to deal with this threat by further deepening investments to deliver products and services that leverage the public cloud trend, rather than depend upon prolonged and direct competition with it as an alternate source of IT infrastructure," he said.
"A rebirth of Dell as a publicly traded company could give it more latitude to acquire capabilities quickly to shore up this competitive threat."
HOUSTON (Reuters) - BP Plc said workers on Alaska's North Slope had brought under control a company-operated well that spewed oil and gas over the weekend.
The leak was discovered on Friday and a team from BP, the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation (ADEC), U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and local government was brought in to coordinate efforts. The team halted the well leaks overnight, BP said in a statement on Monday.
The volume of the leak was not disclosed.
A BP spokesman said details of what caused the loss of control were not available. The oil producer had retained Halliburton Co's well control specialists to kill the well, the spokesman said.
ADEC earlier said in a statement that well pipe had temporarily "jacked up" or risen vertically about 3 feet to 4 feet, causing a pressure gauge to break off.
BP has dealt with several spills and leaks in Alaska in the past. In 2006, a corroded pipeline released nearly 5,000 barrels of crude oil, the largest oil spill in the North Slope at the time. Another spill occurred in 2009 that saw just over 1,000 barrels leak.
In 2010, a BP-operated drilling rig called Deepwater Horizon exploded, killing 11 people and spilling nearly 5 million barrels of oil into the Gulf of Mexico, making it the largest oil spill in U.S. federal waters. BP eventually agreed to pay $18.7 billion to settle all federal and state claims related to the spill.
(Reporting by Gary McWilliams; editing by Diane Craft and Cynthia Osterman)
How did Sunderland's players fare in Saturday's disappointing 2-0 league defeat at home to Ipswich Town?
Click the link above to see what mark out of 10 they each received from our Sunderland AFC writer Phil Smith.
Police said they have received "dozens and dozens" of tips and possible sightings of the suspect, Steve Stephens, and tried to persuade him to turn himself in when they spoke with him via his cellphone on Sunday after the shooting.
But Stephens remained at large as the search for him expanded nationwide, police said.
The shooting marked the latest video clip of a violent crime to turn up on Facebook, raising questions about how the world's biggest social media network moderates content.
The company on Monday said it would begin reviewing how it monitors violent footage and other objectionable material in response to the killing.
Police said Stephens used Facebook to post video of him killing Robert Godwin Sr., 74.
Stephens is not believed to have known Godwin, a retired foundry worker who media reports said spent Easter Sunday morning with his son and daughter-in-law before he was killed.
"I want him to know what he took from us. He took our dad," Godwin's daughter Tammy told CNN on Monday night. "My heart is broke."
During the same interview, his son Robby Miller said that he wanted the shooter brought to justice and for his family to have closure.
"I forgive him because we are all sinners," he said. "If you are out there, if you're listening, turn yourself in."
Facebook vice president Justin Osofsky said the company was reviewing the procedure that users go through to report videos and other material that violates the social media platform's standards. The shooting video was visible on Facebook for nearly two hours before it was reported, the company said.
Stephens, who has no prior criminal record, is not suspected in any other murders, police said.
The last confirmed sighting of Stephens was at the scene of the homicide. Police said he might be driving a white or cream-colored Ford Fusion, and asked anyone who spots him or his car to call police or a special FBI hotline (800-CALLFBI).
An influential Australian opposition lawmaker under fire over his close links to wealthy Chinese political donors has announced he is quitting the Senate for the good of his party as the government moves against foreign interference in politics.
Sam Dastyari announced on Tuesday that he would quit as a senator for the center-left Labor Party before Parliament next sits in February. Cabinet Minister Peter Dutton had criticized Dastyari for his links to China.
Dastyari has been at the center of government complaints of foreign interference in Australian politics, accusation that have raised the ire of Beijing.
Labor has accused the government of tapping into community "China-phobia" to attack Dastyari.
The government has announced that Australia will ban foreign interference in its politics either through espionage or financial donations.
___
Fed proposes easing rule that limits risky bank trading
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve is proposing to ease a rule aimed at defusing the kind of risk-taking on Wall Street that helped trigger the 2008 financial meltdown. The Fed under new leadership on Wednesday unveiled proposed changes to the Volcker Rule, which bars banks' risky trading bets for their own profit with depositors' money. The high-risk activity is known as proprietary trading.
___
Barr blames Ambien for tweet; drugmaker replies
NEW YORK (AP) — After Roseanne Barr explains the offensive tweet that got her show canceled by saying she was on Ambien at two in the morning, the drugmaker Sanofi tweets back that 'racism is not a known side effect' of its product. Barr is busy on Twitter, even though the social media platform led to her demise. ABC canceled 'Roseanne' following her racist tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett.
___
Europe expects to be hit by US tariffs on steel and aluminum
PARIS (AP) — Europe is bracing for the United States to slap restrictions Thursday on imported steel and aluminum. Top European officials were holding last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to avoid U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum.
___
US economic growth revised down to 2.2 percent rate in Q1
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. economy grew at a weaker 2.2 percent annual rate in the first three months of the year, as consumers and businesses slowed their spending. But given the economy's recent performance, analysts are still looking for a solid rebound in the current quarter. The Commerce Department reports that growth in the gross domestic product, the economy's total output of goods and services, came in slightly below the first estimate last month of 2.3 percent in the January-March period.
___
Need an entry-level job at a store? It can be harder now
NEW YORK (AP) — Getting a job as a store cashier or a sales assistant — often an easy way into the economy for an unskilled worker — used to be easy. Now, that path is getting much more complicated as employers demand higher-level skills.
___
Q&A: Should you reboot your router like the FBI says?
Last week, the FBI recommended rebooting home and small office routers that might have been infected with disruptive malware. But cycling the power on an infected router is only a temporary solution that would leave the core infection intact and listening for instructions. Cisco researchers say the good news is that the FBI has disrupted the command-and-control server that sends instructions to infected routers. The bad news is that another such server could be set up.
___
Fed finds nationwide pickup in manufacturing activity
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's latest survey of business conditions found manufacturing activity accelerating in many parts of the country in late April and early May even as some businesses expressed concern about uncertainty caused by rising trade tensions. The survey described the economy as expanding at a moderate pace with more than half of the Fed's 12 regions reporting a pickup in industrial activity.
___
Weinstein won't testify before grand jury in rape case
NEW YORK (AP) — Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges. A statement issued through a spokesman Wednesday says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare him to testify after his arrest Friday. The former movie mogul has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
___
Survey: US businesses add a solid 178,000 jobs in May
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May, according to a survey, a solid total but below the average monthly gains accumulated over the winter. Payroll processor ADP said Wednesday that hiring was strong in construction, education and health care, and professional and business services, which includes accounting, engineering and legal services. Retailers cut jobs.
___
Stock markets reverse course and surge as Italy fears fade
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks recover most of their sharp losses from a day earlier and bond yields turn higher as investors hope Italy might be able to avoid a new round of elections. Banks surge and energy companies rally as oil prices break out of a five-day slump. An index made up of small-company stocks, which tend to be more domestically focused, hit another record high as trade tensions with ramp up again with China and Europe.
___
The S&P 500 index jumped 34.15 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,724.01. The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 306.33 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,667.78. The Nasdaq composite gained 65.86 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,462.45. The Russell 2000 index surged 24.34 points, or 1.5 percent, and closed at a record high of 1,647.99.
U.S. crude oil climbed 2.2 percent to $68.21 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 2.8 percent to $77.50 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline rose 1.9 percent to $2.18 a gallon. Heating oil gained 2.1 percent to $2.23 a gallon. Natural gas slid 0.6 percent to $2.89 per 1,000 cubic feet.
India's government has asked WhatsApp to take immediate action to prevent the social media site from being misused to spread rumors and irresponsible statements like those blamed for recent deadly mob attacks.
At least 20 people have been killed in mostly rural villages in many Indian states by attacking mobs that were inflamed by social media. Victims were innocent people accused in the viral messages of belonging to gangs trying to abduct children.
India's ministry of electronics and information technology said in a statement late Tuesday the lynchings were tied to "irresponsible and explosive messages" circulated on WhatsApp. It wasn't specific on preventative measures it expected.
The social messaging platform owned by said in a blog it would institute awards for research on "spread of misinformation" on its platform.
NEW YORK (AP) — If you've made changes to how you use social media since Facebook's Cambridge Analytica privacy debacle, you're not alone.
A new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research finds that 7 out of 10 of online adults who've heard of the scandal — revelations that a data mining firm may have accessed the private information of some 87 million Facebook users to influence elections — have unfollowed accounts, deleted their profiles or made other changes in how they use social media.
And since 9 in 10 Americans have heard at least a little bit about Cambridge Analytica, this means the scandal has led to widespread changes in the use of social media among Americans. What's less clear is whether these changes are permanent, and whether they will affect business at Facebook, Twitter and other social media companies.
Facebook has said that it hasn't noticed a meaningful decline in usage since the scandal broke and it doesn't seem to have experienced much of an advertiser exodus, either. But that doesn't mean the social media giant is in the clear. Some high-profile tech luminaries such as Elon Musk and Steve Wozniak have disavowed Facebook, and a "DeleteFacebook" online campaign — even if it didn't lead to mass defections — has bruised the company's already-battered image.
Cole Bearden, 26, a musician and liquor store employee in Nashville, said he soured on Facebook a while ago, after his parents friended him and turned his app into "a perpetual recipe video-sharing machine." That, along with his concerns about surveillance and advertisements, convinced him to drop the app from his phone a year ago. He said in an interview last month that he checks his profile only occasionally.
Still, Bearden says deleting his profile won't mean a lot unless many other Facebook users do the same. And even that, he says, may come too late.
"The real damage has been done. Our concept of open democracy has been undermined, subverted and potentially irreparably damaged," he said.
Some people, though, were cautious long before Cambridge Analytica. Jessica Garcia, who lives in Homewood, Illinois, said she was already "pretty strict" with all her settings and she uses social media (Facebook, mostly) only minimally. She doesn't post much and stays out of politics.
Asked who bears the responsibility to protect people's online privacy, the poll found that vast majorities of Americans think both social media companies (84 percent) and individual users (72 percent) have a large share. Just short of half — 46 percent — see that as a large responsibility of the federal government.
Garcia agrees with the majority and said it's a combination of individual and company responsibility.
"I don't feel like the government needs to step in and start controlling that," she said. "If we can't make good decisions and people and they don't make good decisions as companies, it'll fall apart on its own."
Americans who have taken some action after hearing about Facebook's recent privacy crisis include 29 percent who have deleted certain social media accounts — the most drastic step. A larger number, 38 percent, uninstalled apps on their phone, while 42 percent said they used certain platforms less often. Nearly half, 47 percent, unfollowed or unfriended certain people, and 41 percent unfollowed groups or organizations.
Forty-five percent reviewed or changed their privacy settings — something Facebook encouraged recently by sending a notice to users through their Facebook pages. First, it notified the 87 million people whose information may have been leaked to Cambridge Analytica. This week, it began sending all 2.2 billion Facebook users a more generic notice to review their settings that show what apps have access to their data.
According to the poll, women were more likely than men to have made at least one change, and younger people were more likely to say they have reviewed their privacy settings or uninstalled apps from their phones. Older Americans were more likely to say they have followed news of the scandal.
The Cambridge Analytica fiasco was not Facebook's first privacy scandal, though it may have been its worst. The poll also found that Americans have broader concerns about how their data is used by companies like Facebook, Twitter and Google. Sixty percent said they were very or extremely concerned that such companies may not keep their personal information secure, and more than half said they were concerned that the companies might track their data even after they have tried to delete it.
African Americans were more likely to express concern about privacy than whites. For example, 72 percent of blacks and 57 percent of whites are worried about companies securing their personal information, while 62 percent of blacks and 44 percent of whites are concerned about companies tracking their location.
___
The AP-NORC poll of 1,140 adults was conducted April 11-16 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak Panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4 percentage points
___
AP Polling Editor Emily Swanson in Washington and AP Business Writer Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this story.
___
Online:
AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/
He travelled with his guns as far as the mall parking lot before abandoning the idea.
Bissonnette didn't want to kill just anyone, said Lamontagne. He said Bissonnette chose the mosque because "he convinced himself that if there was at least one religious extremist inside," it would be worth it to murder people because it would save lives.
The idea was to seek vengeance from those who had persecuted him, but also to commit a "grandiose act" so no one would laugh at him after he was dead, Lamontagne added.
Bissonnette is neither a psychopath nor anti-social and did not hold delirious ideas or suffer from psychotic symptoms, he said.
Defence lawyer Charles-Olivier Gosselin asked Lamontagne if he thought Bissonnette could be rehabilitated.
"There are reasons to believe that he can," the psychologist responded.
Earlier on Monday, the defence presented its first witness, a former high school teacher who said Bissonnette was bullied and intimidated mercilessly in school.
Students would laugh at him, hit him and throw him against the wall regularly, said Lucie Cote.
Cote, who was Bissonnette's teacher in two different years at two different high schools, said he developed reflexes of nervousness and fear and did not defend himself.
She told Superior Court Justice Francois Huot she came to testify on her own accord and that her presence wasn't requested by the killer's defence team.
"After everything he endured, I couldn't stay silent," she said.
Cote said she never witnessed a worse case of intimidation and bullying toward a student in her 32-year career.
She said she took about 20 minutes of class time one day to scold her students about the way they treated him. Things changed a bit, but it didn't last, she said.
Cote said she cried when she heard the news of Bissonnette's arrest.
He wasn't a monster, said the retired 71-year-old.
Cote asked the judge to "give him hope."
Bissonnette's first-degree murder conviction carries an automatic life sentence with no chance of parole for 25 years.
But he can also receive consecutive sentences, which means he could spend up to 150 years in prison.
Bissonnette's lawyers have claimed in court that giving their client a 150-year jail term would be equivalent to sentencing him to death by incarceration.
By Stephanie Marin, The Canadian Press
 Feb. 18 Free shows at 1 and 3 p.m. at the Brea Community Center, featuring an acrobatic performance by the Baudeogi Nam Sa Dang performers from sister city Anseong, Korea
 Feb. 18 Opening reception, from 6 to 10 p.m., at the Brea Art Gallery for the exhibit "An Illustrated History of Silent Cinema 1910-1929"
 Feb. 23 Special City Council meeting at 6 p.m., followed by a birthday celebration, which includes unveiling of a time capsule, birthday cake and children's activities.
 July 18 Brea Centennial Night at Angel Stadium as the Angels take on the Washington Nationals
 Aug. 18 Free Brea Fest at 6 p.m. will feature fireworks, live music, art and food from local restaurants
 Oct. 21 Centennial Gala at 7 p.m. on the plaza at the Civic & Cultural Center, including dinner, dancing and entertainment
 November Curtis Theatre stages "Tales from the Canyon: The Olinda Story," an original play chronicling the life of Brea's early residents; exact dates of shows to be determined
Cops Investigating Las Vegas Shooting Turn to the Public for Help: 'We Have Looked at Literally Everything'
(LAS VEGAS) — After five days of scouring the life of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock and chasing 1,000 leads, investigators confessed Friday they still don't know what drove him to mass murder, and they announced plans to put up billboards appealing for the public's help.
Investigators have examined Paddock's politics, his finances, any possible radicalization and his social behavior — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings.
“We still do not have a clear motive or reason why,” Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said. “We have looked at literally everything.”
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to phone 800-CALL-FBI.
“If you know something, say something,” said Aaron Rouse, agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office. “We will not stop until we have the truth.”
Paddock, a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler, rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival Sunday night from his 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking his own life.
McMahill said it was unusual to have so few clues five days after a mass shooting. He noted that in past mass killings or terrorist attacks, killers left notes, social media postings or information on a computer, or phoned police.
What officers have found is that Paddock planned his attack meticulously.
He requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiled 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and set up cameras inside and outside his room to watch for approaching officers.
In a possible sign he was contemplating massacres at other sites, he also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing his movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
His arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told The Associated Press. It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre.
Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer he met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the country music festival showed a muzzle flash from his 32nd-floor room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.
A federal official said authorities are looking into the possibility Paddock planned additional attacks, including a car bombing. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in his car, along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives and 50 pounds of Tannerite, a substance used in explosive rifle targets.
His girlfriend, Marilou Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that she had not noticed any changes in his mental state or indications he could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to her native Philippines before the attack, and she was unaware of his plans and devastated when she learned of the carnage while overseas, she said in a statement.
Several witnesses reported hearing a loud explosion, then seeing a large fire in the area near the train tracks.
Several witnesses reported hearing a loud explosion, then seeing a large fire in the area near the train tracks.
Several witnesses reported hearing a loud explosion, then seeing a large fire in the area near the train tracks. (Source: WKYT/CNN)
Several witnesses reported hearing a loud explosion, then seeing a large fire in the area near the train tracks. (Source: WKYT/CNN)
GEORGETOWN, Ky. (AP) - The Latest on the train derailment (all times local):
2:30 p.m.
Norfolk Southern says it is moving derailed freight cars off the tracks after two trains collided in Georgetown, Kentucky.
The company said in a statement on Monday that four train crew members taken to the hospital after the crash as a precaution have been released with no injuries, though one employee is still being evaluated.
Officials say the trains collided head-on late Sunday, derailing both locomotives and 13 cars. Lexington Fire Department spokeswoman Lt. Jessica Bowman said nearby residents were evacuated as a precaution, but were allowed to return home once officials determined there was no safety risk.
Norfolk Southern said it is working to clear and repair the track and have it back in service Tuesday.
___
3:30 a.m.
Four people were injured after two trains collided and derailed in, Georgetown, Kentucky.
Lexington Fire Department spokeswoman Lt. Jessica Bowman told The Associated Press early Monday morning that a call came in at 11:14 p.m. on Sunday to report the accident.
Bowman says the residents near the scene were evacuated "out an abundance of caution" because something spilled after the collision and there was a fire. She said she could not confirm what spilled but once officials determined there was no safety risk they allowed residents to return home. The fire has been extinguished.
Bowman says the identities and the condition of the four injured is not yet known.
Georgetown is 13 miles (21 kilometers) north of Lexington.
___
2:30 a.m.
Residents evacuated after a train derailed in neighborhood have been allowed to return home.
The train derailed in Georgetown late Sunday night, about 15 miles (24 kilometers) north of Lexington.
The superintendent of Scott County Schools, Kevin Hub, told The Associated Press early Monday morning that there is a plan in place to have the district open schools to shelter residents in case of an emergency. He says he was called by Georgetown police and told to put the plan in motion.
WLEX-TV reported that Scott County Emergency Management Captain Robert Duncan said buses were sent to evacuate residents living in trailer parks near the scene to an elementary school.
He said the evacuation was a precaution due to a potentially hazardous material. He could not identify what the material was.
___
2:00 a.m.
Officials in Kentucky say a train has derailed and residents near the scene have been asked to evacuate.
The train derailed in Scott County late Sunday night, about 15 miles (24 kilometers) north of Lexington.
WLEX-TV reports that Scott County Emergency Management Captain Robert Duncan says buses were sent to evacuate residents living in trailer parks near the scene to an elementary school.
He says the evacuation is a precaution due to a potentially hazardous material. He could not identify what the material is.
It was not immediately known if there are any injuries.
Several witnesses reported hearing a loud explosion, then seeing a large fire in the area near the train tracks.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Bond yields climbed again on Wednesday and U.S. stocks held close to their record highs after more reports showed the economy continues to strengthen. The encouraging data could push the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates sooner rather than later in its gradual move away from record low rates during the Great Recession.
KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index was close to flat at 2,338 as of 9:57 a.m. Eastern time. The index closed at a record high Tuesday after rising for the sixth straight day. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 37 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,541. The Nasdaq composite rose 8, or 0.1 percent, to 5,790.
ENCOURAGING ECONOMIC GAINS: Wednesday's economic reports give the Federal Reserve more leeway to raise interest rates. Retailers had stronger sales in January than economists expected, and inflation at the consumer level was the highest in years. Consumer prices rose 2.5 percent in January from a year earlier, the highest rate since March 2012.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen said in testimony before a Senate committee on Tuesday that the strengthening job market and a modest move higher in inflation should warrant continued, gradual increases in interest rates. The central bank raised rates in December for just the second time in a decade, after keeping rates at nearly zero to help lift the economy out of the Great Recession. Yellen speaks before a House committee Wednesday.
BOND YIELDS: Treasury yields jumped immediately after the release of the retail sales and inflation reports. The 10-year yield rose to 2.50 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. The two-year yield inched up to 1.25 percent from 1.24 percent, and the 30-year yield rose to 3.09 percent from 3.06 percent.
DAMPENED DIVIDEND DEMAND: When bonds are paying more in interest, it can mean less demand from income investors for stocks that pay big dividends. Utility stocks, which are some of the biggest dividend payers, fell 1.2 percent, the largest loss among the 11 sectors that make up the S&P 500. Real-estate investment trusts and telecom stocks are also go-to buys for dividend seekers, and they were weak as well.
GLOBAL MARKETS: In Europe, the German DAX index lost 0.2 percent, while the French CAC 40 and U.K. FTSE 100 each added 0.4 percent. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose 1 percent, Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 1.2 percent and the Kospi in South Korea gained 0.4 percent.
CURRENCIES: The strong U.S. economic reports helped lift the value of the dollar against many of its rivals. The dollar ticked up to 114.64 Japanese yen from 114.22 late Tuesday. The euro fell to $1.0557 from $1.0572, and the British pound dipped to $1.2411 from $1.2465.
COMMODITIES: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 2 cents to $53.22 per barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 11 cents to $55.85 in London. Natural gas rose 5 cents to $2.96 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Gold slipped 30 cents to $1,225.10 per ounce, silver was close to flat at $17.89 per ounce and copper was flat at $2.74 per pound.
BERLIN (AP) — German police broke up a protest rally of more than 20,000 Kurdish immigrants after participants refused to take down flags and symbols of the banned Kurdistan Workers' Party, German news agency dpa reported Saturday.
The demonstrators had come to the western city of Cologne from all over Germany to protest Turkey's recent military operation in a Kurdish enclave in northern Syria.
"The protest march has been stopped in order to remove all forbidden banners," police of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia tweeted Saturday afternoon.
Despite repeated demands from police, many people at the march continued waving flags bearing an image of Kurdistan Workers' Party leader Abdullah Ocalan, who is imprisoned in Turkey.
Two people who distributed flags were detained, dpa reported.
The Kurdistan Workers' Party, also known by its Kurdish acronym PKK, is regarded as a terror group by Turkey and its Western allies. The group has waged an insurgency against the Turkish state for three decades.
Hostilities between Turkey and Kurdish militants resumed in 2015 after a fragile cease-fire collapsed.
After police terminated the Cologne protest march, they reported scuffles between demonstrators and officers in front of the city's train station. Officers fired tear gas after a protester allegedly threw a flag at police. There was no information immediately available about possible injuries, dpa reported.
Clashes between Kurdish and Turkish immigrants who back the Syrian military operation ordered by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan did not materialize, as Cologne police had feared.
Turkish troops and allied Syrian fighters started operations last week against the Kurdish-held enclave of Afrin, approaching from three sides and meeting stiff resistance from the U.S.-allied Kurdish militia that controls the area. Turkey says it is fighting extremists threatening regional stability.
Several thousand people in Paris also protested the Turkish operation Saturday.
Left-wing activists joined Kurdish opposition groups in the demonstration at the Place de la Republique in the east of the French capital.
The demonstrators urged French and other Western authorities to take a tougher stand against the Turkish campaign. France's government has urged Turkey to use restraint, but the protesters said that was not enough.
__
Angela Charlton contributed from Paris.
Kevin Durant lead all scoring with 34 points as the Warriors defeat the Rockets, 101-92, to advance to their fourth-striaght NBA Finals.
NICOSIA, Cyprus (AP) — A Cyprus first-division match between APOEL Nicosia and AEL Limassol was interrupted for more than an hour, attracted riot police, and finished amid near-empty stands on Monday.
Referee Demetris Mashias halted play late into the first half in Limassol after a ballboy appeared to have been hurt. He was taken away by ambulance to a private clinic.
The match resumed a half hour later until Mashias again whistled a stop when fans began showering the pitch with flares. Some opposing fans then made it to the edge of the pitch and began hurling objects at each other. Police in full riot gear moved in to keep them apart.
After fans filed out, the match resumed to a nearly vacant Tsirion Stadium.
By Scott T. Sterling
With the band's third album, What If Nothing, on the horizon, Ohio rock band Walk the Moon has opened up about the process behind its creation.
Related: Walk The Moon Debut ‘One Foot' Video
“The approach was just making noise, getting back to our roots of being a rock & roll band and just playing our instruments and letting the sound bounce off the walls,” singer Nicholas Petricca explained to Rolling Stone
“Sonically, we're reaching for taller, wider, and more vast, more epic sounds,” he said. “But the lyrics are kind of the opposite. They're much more personal and are very close to the heart, very raw.”
Despite the “chaos” that went into the new full-length, including the band canceling a tour last summer when Petricca's father fell ill, the singer is pleased with how What If Nothing ultimately turned out.
“There's this feeling where everything is like a bad haircut, and everything feels unfinished,” he revealed. “That moment of getting the record beyond the point of discomfort, until the record is to the point of, ‘Oh. What a relief. This feels amazing,' is a major lesson in trust – you really are just faced with having to trust yourself and your collaborators and the producer that this deformed laboratory monster is going to, eventually, grow wings and become something really beautiful.”
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File). FILE - In this May 16, 2012, file photo, the Facebook logo is displayed on an iPad in Philadelphia. Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica, a data-analysis firm that worked for President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, over...
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on Cambridge Analytica's use of Facebook data (all times local):
5:45 p.m.
The New York Times says Facebook's chief information security officer is leaving in August .
The newspaper, citing current and former employees it did not name, said Alex Stamos will leave after a disagreement over how the social network should deal with its role in spreading misinformation.
It said Stamos pushed to do more to investigate and disclose Russian activity and that he stayed to oversee transferring some 100 people in his group to other divisions.
A Facebook spokeswoman did not address whether Stamos is leaving, although she pointed to a tweet in which Stamos says he's still fully engaged at Facebook but that his role has changed.
___
8 p.m.
Britain's Channel 4 has published an undercover sting video in which Cambridge Analytica executives boast of swaying elections in Africa and Europe through tactics including fake bribes and seduction.
CEO Alexander Nix is seen in the video saying the company has secretly recorded agents offering corrupt campaign financing deals to politicians and has sent "girls around to the candidate's house" to create damaging videos.
Channel 4 said its reporter posed as a wealthy Sri Lankan looking to hire the company.
The firm was suspended from Facebook on Friday after reportedly scraping some 50 million user profiles in a pro-Trump manipulation campaign.
Cambridge said its executives merely humored the questions before leaving with grave concerns.
___
5:50 p.m.
Britain's information commissioner says she will apply for a warrant to access the servers of Cambridge Analytica, which allegedly used data mined from Facebook to help Donald Trump win the 2016 presidential election.
Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said in a statement Monday that she planned to seek the warrant because the British firm had been "uncooperative" in her investigation of whether Facebook data was "illegally acquired and used."
Denham said: "This is a complex and far-reaching investigation for my office, and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously"
___
4:10 p.m.
Data from the Federal Election Commission show that Cambridge Analytica, the firm under fire for inappropriately obtaining Facebook data, earned $5.9 million in 2016 from the campaign to elect Donald Trump for president.
Cambridge also earned $5.8 million from Sen. Ted Cruz's failed presidential campaign.
Cambridge is under increasing scrutiny after newspapers reported the firm obtained data on 50 million Facebook users without their knowledge to subject them to political messages. The company is funded in part by Trump supporter and billionaire financier Robert Mercer.
Facebook suspended the company from using its services Friday, hours before the reports came out.
In total, Cambridge Analytica earned more than $16 million from 2014 to 2016 from nearly 20 Republican candidates and political committees.
___
3:55 p.m.
A newspaper editor says Facebook had threatened to sue The Observer and its sibling The Guardian over its investigation of a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm, Cambridge Analytica.
Stories in The Guardian and The New York Times detail how Cambridge Analytica used an app to obtain user data on some 50 million people without their knowledge in order to subject them to political propaganda. John Mulholland, The Observer's outgoing editor, discloses the lawsuit threat in a Friday tweet .
A Facebook spokesman says the company sent a letter to the Observer to make the case "that this did not represent a data breach." He didn't respond to questions about whether Facebook threatened legal action.
___
3:40 p.m.
Facebook makes it easy for advertisers to target users based on nuanced information about them. But experts say it's difficult to conclude whether data collection by a Trump-affiliated political firm, Cambridge Analytica, influenced the election.
Jonathan Albright of Columbia University says for this to change Facebook would have to reveal the questions on the psychological profile quiz - or quizzes - that its users took. Then researchers could begin to determine how this data was used to target people.
McKenzie Funk, an Open Society fellow and journalist, has outlined how Cambridge Analytica could have used such psychosocial profiling. In a November 2016 op-ed in The New York Times, he writes that President Donald Trump's digital team used hyper-targeted posts to serve different ads to different potential voters, "aiming to push the exact right buttons" at the right time.
___
3:15 p.m.
Facebook says it has hired an outside firm to audit Cambridge Analytica regarding the reported data scraping of as many as 50 million user accounts.
Facebook said on Monday that Cambridge has agreed to give the digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg "complete access to their servers and systems."
The audit, Facebook says, is to determine if the Facebook data the Cambridge collected still exists or if it's been destroyed.
Facebook has also approached two other individuals - former Cambridge employee-turned-whistleblower Christopher Wylie, and University of Cambridge professor Aleksandr Kogan, who did the scraping - to submit to audits as well.
Cambridge denies keeping data from Kogan's work. Facebook said it would be a "grave violation" of its policies if the data still exists.
___
1:15 p.m.
Experts are saying that Cambridge Analytica, the political firm under fire for inappropriately obtaining data from Facebook, isn't alone in its data-mining capability.
Robert Ricci, a marketing director at Blue Fountain Media, says what makes this case more insidious is its connection with possible elections meddling, something Facebook has been under scrutiny for.
Ricci says marketers are already using similar profiling techniques to sell products and services. What's different here is the use of data to try to influence who you are voting for - or whether you are voting at all.
Cambridge Analytica, whose clients have included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
___
1 p.m.
The head of the European Union's parliament says the bloc will investigate Facebook over the use of its data by a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm.
Cambridge Analytica, whose clients have included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Antonio Tajani tweeted on Monday: "Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights. The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account." Tajani, who is president of the EU parliament, hasn't provided details.
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee about this case.
___
12:35 p.m.
Facebook is having its worst trading day since 2012 as details emerge about how a data mining company working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and kept data on tens of millions of users during the 2016 election.
A former employee of Cambridge Analytica said Monday on NBC's "Today" that the group identified voters who might be swayed and "injected content" that may or may not be true. Late Friday, Facebook said it would ban Cambridge Analytica, saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app described as a personality test. Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago, but hasn't disclosed it until now.
Facebook shares sank $13.43 in midday trading, putting the stock on pace for its biggest one-day fall since August 2012 and dragging down the rest of the technology sector, with fears rising of increased government regulation.
Alphabet, Google's parent company, lost almost 3 percent and Microsoft fell almost 2 percent.
_______
11:30 a.m.
A former employee of a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm says it used algorithms that "took fake news to the next level" using data inappropriately obtained from Facebook.
Chris Wylie says the firm, Cambridge Analytica, secured personal data in order to learn about individuals and then used it to create an information cocoon to change their perceptions.
He says the firm used "informational dominance" to capture every channel of information around a person to surround them with curated information, changing their perception of what's actually happening.
In an interview Monday on NBC's "Today," Wylie said Cambridge Analytica aimed to "explore mental vulnerabilities of people.
While Wylie said he doesn't know to what extent Trump's campaign used the techniques, he said Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was meeting with Cambridge Analytica in 2015, before Trump even announced his run for office.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Popeyes
Much to the chagrin of your judgmental-ass cardiologist, the fast food arms race is going into bold and often unexpected new directions to get their food inside your body. (What you do with it from there? Entirely your business.) A new report from Reuters suggests that a new merger could be on the horizon and may change the current fried chicken consumption landscape as a result.
“Adult Meal” vendors Burger King are in talks with Popeyes to acquire the Atlanta-based company. Restaurant Brands International Inc (chain owner of Burger King and hoser-nip outpost Tim Hortons) were said have spoken with Popeyes on Monday about obtaining the company. Nothing was hammered out, mind you. Negotiations did not lead to an agreed upon sale price and there's no promise talks will continue.
Even if the meeting was strictly academic, Popeyes devotees (or the curious in markets not served by the franchise) will likely fantasize about the prospect for days. After all, Burger King's reach would presumably help Popeyes expand beyond its current 2,000+ location status and create a more formidable sales rival to Yum!'s KFC. Frankly, we're just in an excited froth thinking of all the mutant combo foods that could come from a BK/Popeyes merger. WRAP OUR STACKERS IN SKIN AND PLUNK ‘EM BETWEEN BISCUITS, CORPORATE AMERICA! THAT'S WHAT WE NEED RIGHT NOW!
(Via Reuters & Eater)
By MARIA DANILOVA
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Black students are suspended from school, expelled and referred to law enforcement much more frequently than their white peers, according to a federal report released Tuesday.
The report released by the Education Department is likely to add to an already tense national debate about what causes such racial disparities. Civil rights groups believe that racial bias is at play and insist that federal protections are necessary. Some experts counter that forcing schools to adopt milder disciplinary practices makes classrooms unsafe.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is considering scrapping Obama-era rules that were meant to counter those disparities and urge schools to adopt softer discipline approaches. She met with supporters and opponents of that policy this month.
The data show that while black boys represented 8 percent of all enrolled students in 2015-16, they accounted for 25 percent of suspensions and 23 percent of expulsions. Black girls made up 8 percent of all students but accounted for 14 percent of suspensions and 10 percent of expulsions.
By comparison, white boys represented 25 percent of all students and 24 percent of those who got suspended. White girls represented 24 percent of all students and 8 percent of those suspended.
The contrast was even starker with police referrals. Black students made up 15 percent of total student enrollment but represented 31 percent of students who were referred to law enforcement or arrested. White students made up 49 percent of all students but represented 36 percent of students who were referred to the police.
"This should cause alarm for all of us," said Catherine Lhamon, chairwoman of the Commission on Civil Rights, who previously served as the top civil rights official at the Education Department under the Obama administration. "Students were and are treated in very different ways. The reality is that those students experience discrimination."
The guidance issued during Lhamon's tenure instructed schools to move away from harsh punishments and instead favor positive behavior interventions such as counseling. It also told schools to examine their discipline data and fix racial disparities if there are any.
Mike Petrilli, president of the conservative Thomas B. Fordham Institute, has been calling for scrapping the 2014 guidance. He argues that it has made educators reluctant to punish bad behavior and has led to disorder in classrooms. While he agrees that racial bias does play a role, he said that children who are subjected to poverty and trauma are more likely to act out at school.
"The numbers are the symptom, not the disease. The disease is about ineffective schools, it's about unequal life circumstances," Petrilli said. "We've got to address the underlying causes of these disparities. Some of them may be racial bias in the way that discipline is doled out, but it's also differencing in student behavior that relate to differences in the challenges groups are facing."
DeVos hailed the release of the report and urged federal and local education leaders to take note.
"Protecting all students' civil rights is at the core of the Department's mission," she said in a statement.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Romanian police say they are investigating the "suspicious" death of a well-known journalist who was found dead in his home near the Romanian capital.
Police spokesman Ciprian Romanescu said late Monday that Andrei Gheorghe had died in suspicious circumstances 12 hours earlier.
His body was found in the bathroom of his home in Voluntari, a suburb just north of Bucharest.
The 56-year-old Gheorghe made his career as a radio and television journalist after dictator Nicolae Ceausescu was overthrown in the 1989 anti-communist revolution. He was known for his acerbic comments about current events and politicians.
Police said they received a call Monday evening about his death and are investigating the case. They declined further comment.
by
Trump supporters recite the Pledge of Allegiance at a June campaign rally in Redding, California. Photo: Stephen Lam/Reuters
By framing education as the “civil rights issue of our time” and focusing on the racial achievement gap, reformers “tacitly made education reform a race-based endeavor,” Robert Pondiscio wrote last year. There's been much praise for inner-city charters for black and Hispanic students, little attention to small-town schools that educate (or fail to educate) white working-class kids.
Pondiscio didn't think Trump would win. But he saw the people who might be drawn to Trump.
There are about twice as many non-Hispanic whites as blacks living below 150 percent of the poverty line in the U.S. . . . Keen observers like Charles Murray in his book Coming Apart warned us that we are becoming a nation divided less by race than class. Births out of wedlock, crime and joblessness are not uniquely inner city problems. They are almost as prevalent in Murray's “Fishtown.” As work disappears, physical disability claims have skyrocketed by millions, creating a new economic underclass helpfully absent from sunny unemployment figures.
“If education reform truly is the civil rights struggle of our time, it's time once again to widen the definition of rights-at-risk to include working class white people too,” wrote Pondiscio.
I'd like to see a serious push for high-quality career-tech education linking high schools to community colleges to employers. Two-thirds of young Americans do not earn bachelor's degrees; a majority won't earn any college credential. They need more than college-failure prep.
The University of Melbourne and Edith Cowan University (ECU) will host Academic Centres of Cybersecurity Excellence (ACCSE) under a government program.
The government announced today that the universities will share $1.91 million over four years as part of the ACCSE program.
The ACCSE initiative was announced in February, with program guidelines stating that the aim was to “recognise the significance and ensure the relevance and effectiveness of cybersecurity programs and professions as part of the Government's Cybersecurity Strategy”.
The government in April 2016 launched its national cyber security strategy. The ACCSE program is part of Canberra's push to make Australia a “cyber smart nation”.
“The Academic Centres of Cybersecurity Excellence will better prepare Australians for careers in cybersecurity and help Australian industries by providing training and research to bolster our capability and keep the digital economy strong,” said the minister assisting the prime minister for cybersecurity, Dan Tehan.
“Encouraging a generation of Australian cybersecurity professionals is good for our cybersecurity, good for the economy and good for the young Australians who pursue careers in this area,” Tehan said.
“These centres will help meet the unique challenges we face in the digital age by preparing a new generation of graduates to increase our cybersecurity workforce,” education minister Simon Birmingham said.
“The centres will encourage more students to take up undergraduate and postgraduate studies and research in cybersecurity and broaden the range of professionals capable of supporting a cyber-secure nation in to the future. Our ambition is to attract more of Australia's best and brightest into this critically important area, regardless of their background.”
“This announcement further recognises ECU as a leader in cybersecurity research and teaching nationally,” ECU vice-chancellor Professor Steve Chapman said.
“Since 2001 more than 1000 cybersecurity professionals have graduated from ECU's cybersecurity program — one of the longest running undergraduate cybersecurity degree programs in Australia.”
Five-time NBA champion and former New York Knicks coach Derek Fisher has gotten engaged to Gloria Govan, according to TMZ Sports.
Fisher proposed to Govan on April 7, according to TMZ.
Govan is the former wife of 14-year NBA veteran Matt Barnes. They are the parents of twin sons born in 2008.
Fisher and Barnes, former Lakers teammates, were involved in an altercation at Govan's home in Los Angeles on Oct. 3, 2015, when Barnes went to check on his sons. Upon Barnes' arrival at the home, the situation escalated and a fight reportedly took place. No charges were filed.
The incident led to a two-game suspension for Barnes. Last month, Barnes -- who announced his retirement in December -- said any feud with Fisher was over.
Fisher and Govan have dated since 2015. No information on a wedding was reported.
Wale and J Balvin star in the visual for their collaboration, “Colombia Heights (Te Llamo)” off of WALE's fifth studio album SHINE. Wale teased the new visual last month with a special behind-the-scenes video. Watch “Colombia Heights” above.
“Latin music and hip-hop have organically crossed over time. So being able to collaborate with a talented emcee like Wale came naturally. It was a pleasure working with him. Grateful.” – J Balvin
Hayden Sitomer
In an interview with Stereogum published earlier today, Brooklyn indie rock trio Wild Pink shared their latest single, “There Is A Ledger,” from their upcoming album Yolk In The Fur.
According to frontman John Ross, “There Is A Ledger” borrows synth instrumentals he intended to use in a song for his side project, Eerie Gaits. The repurposed synths blend seamlessly with Wild Pink's naturalistic, layered alt-country. “There Is A Ledger” is soft, angelic, ambient rock, the grungier qualities of the band's first album polished to an almost War on Drugs-esque meditation. “There Is A Ledger” follows “Lake Erie,” the lead single off Yolk In the Fur, which was released along with the album's announcement on May 2.
Uproxx's Steven Hyden called Wild Pink's self-titled debut album “One of early 2017's great sleeper albums,” but if the two singles released from Yolk In The Fur so far are any indication, Wild Pink are primed for a breakout summer. Yolk In The Fur will be released July 20 via Tiny Engines, and Wild Pink is touring Europe this spring with their labelmates Ratboys, with more dates to be announced soon.
Listen to “There Is A Ledger” below, and revisit our interview with Wild Pink's John Ross here.
With the hot summer temperatures, people feel the need to water their yard for a greener landscape. We as Canadians are one of the biggest offenders for water usage, but landscape expert Carson Arthur has some solutions for smart outdoor watering.
Follow-on Instagram & Facebook
Ambien and similar sleep aids are well-known for sometimes causing some weird behavioral side effects, but changing one's political or cultural views is not one of them.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed the insomnia drug in explaining a tweet that led ABC to cancel her show: "It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting," she wrote.
Until this week, Ambien's most headline-grabbing behavioral side effect was "sleep-driving," essentially sleepwalking except getting behind the wheel and going for a drive with no memory of doing so.
But people also have reported making phone calls, eating meals, having sex and doing other things that they don't remember after taking so-called "sedative-hypnotic" medications. People charged with crimes occasionally even have tried "the Ambien defense."
Doctors call these "complex sleep behaviors." On its official Ambien labeling, manufacturer Sanofi calls the side effects "abnormal thinking and behavioral changes" — changes that can include decreased inhibition.
"It's behavior that's done when the individual is in a sense both asleep and awake at the same time," explained University of Pittsburgh sleep medicine specialist Dr. Daniel Buysse. It's not so different from how people sometimes behave under the influence of alcohol, he added, and it can be hard to tell if the behavior really was due to the drug.
And while it's not clear how common such side effects are, Ambien's instructions clearly state: Take it right before you get into bed, and only if you plan to stay there for 7 or 8 hours.
"You should take it and lie down. Read a book or something" but don't wander around or get on the computer or do other things waiting for the medicine to kick in, said Dr. Marc Schlosberg, a sleep medicine specialist at MedStar Washington Hospital Center.
Sanofi said Wednesday in a tweet that "while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Barr later tweeted that she has had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night. "I blame myself, not Ambien," she tweeted.
Severe storms that spawned tornadoes damaged homes and downed trees as they moved across the Southeast on Monday night.
Forecasters warned that the storms could threaten more than 29 million people, raising the risk of powerful tornadoes, damaging winds and hail the size of tennis balls.
Cities in northern Alabama reported power outages, and the National Weather Service in Huntsville reported at least three confirmed tornadoes in the area.
In Limestone County, an Alabama county on the Tennessee border, the sheriff's office posted photos online of houses with roofs ripped off and outbuildings torn from their foundations. Several roads were closed because of power lines or trees, the office tweeted. But it had no reports of injuries from the storms.
The athletic director at Jacksonville State University said late Monday there was significant damage to the campus.
"I can confirm we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum, but The Pete is not completely destroyed," Greg Seitz said in a tweet.
Portions of northern Alabama and southern Tennessee were still under tornado warnings Monday night, and the National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for much of northern Georgia as the line moved eastward.
Forecasters said the storm threat is unusually dangerous because of the possibility of several tornadoes, some of which could be intense. The weather service says hail as large as 3 inches (7.5 centimeters) in diameter could fall, and there's a possibility of wind gusts to 70 mph (115 kph).
"The potential for strong to violent, long-track tornadoes is a real possibility," Alabama state meteorologist Jim Stefkovic said at a news conference.
Alabama Emergency Management Executive Operations Officer Jeff Smitherman raised the threat level and increased staffing at Alabama's emergency management agency. The storms are the first severe weather to threaten the state this year.
School systems from central Tennessee as far south as Birmingham, Alabama, let out early, hoping students and staff would have time to get home before the storms moved through.
The threatened storms come one day before the official start of spring, and are "by far the most impressive setup we've seen so far this year," said Kurt Weber, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Huntsville, Alabama.
"We can't rule out a strong tornado east of Interstate 65 at this point with all the ingredients coming together," Weber added. "Hopefully not, but definitely a possibility."
He said golf ball to tennis ball-sized hail, which can do serious damage to buildings and cars, was possible.
"This is one of those days you want to put the car in the garage if you can," Weber said.
Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey urged Alabamians to implement safety plans and get in a safe location.
"We are not taking the situation lightly," Ivey said. "Severe weather is unpredictable and that is why it is paramount we prepare ahead of time."
The University of Alabama suspended operations Monday from 6:30 p.m. to midnight, meaning classes and campus activities were cancelled, libraries closed and shelters were opened on campus.
———
Associated Press writer Jay Reeves in Birmingham, Alabama, Mallory Moench in Montgomery, Alabama, and Kate Brumback in Atlanta contributed to this report.
Incyte Corporation and Cancer Support Community Delaware announced the establishment of the Incyte Cancer Care Assistance Fund for Delaware which will provide emergency financial assistance for cancer patients, their caregivers and family members living in Delaware.
The announcement came as Incyte cut the ribbon on an expanded research and corporate headquarters complex just outside Wilmington.
The event featured public officials including U.S. Sen. Chris Coons.
Through the Incyte Charitable Giving Foundation, Incyte has committed to providing a maximum of $100,000 each year to the Delaware group over the next five years, beginning in 2018.
Advertisement
“We are very pleased to announce the creation of the Incyte Cancer Care Assistance Fund for Delaware with Cancer Support Community Delaware, an organization which, like Incyte, is dedicated to supporting patients with cancer and the local community,” said Paula Swain, executive vice president of Human Resources and Chair of The Incyte Charitable Giving Foundation. “Today, as we celebrate the opening of our newly expanded headquarters in Wilmington, we reaffirm our commitment to Delaware and to the well-being of the communities we serve.”
The fund will be administered by Cancer Support Community Delaware. Additional details about the Incyte Cancer Care Assistance Fund for Delaware will be made available in January 2018.
“Through the establishment of this fund, we aim to address the emergent needs that patients with cancer in Delaware face as they navigate their disease and its impact across all aspects of their lives,” said Nicole Topkis Pickles, executive director of Cancer Support Community Delaware.
Incyte has continued to grow in Delaware, thanks to part to its blockbuster drug Jakafi, which is used to treat blood cancers. Incyte and partners also have promising drugs in the research and development pipeline.
The company moved to Delaware from California a couple of decades ago under the leadership of a former DuPont pharmaceutical executive. The company uses the DuPont Experimental Station near Newark as its research site for many years.
More information regarding Incyte Involved and the Incyte Charitable Giving Foundation, including the application process, funding guidelines, important information for applicants and quarterly submissions calendar, can be found here.
Share this: Print
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Google
Information provided by Congressman Garret Graves
BATON ROUGE, LA - Members of the media are invited to attend as U.S. Representative Garret Graves addresses the West Baton Rouge Chamber and Livingston Parish Chamber next week. Congressman Graves will give an update on recently passed legislation as well as a flood recovery update.
WHAT: Congressman Graves to address West Baton Rouge Parish Chamber
WHEN: Wednesday, March 30, 2018 11:30 a.m.-1:00 p.m.
WHERE: Addis Community Center, 7520 Highway 1 S, Addis, LA
WHAT: Congressman Graves to address Livingston Parish Chamber
WHEN: Thursday, May 31, 2018 11:30 a.m.-1:00 p.m.
WHERE: Forrest Grove Plantation, 8743 Stephenson Dr, Denham Springs, LA
karan Johar, who is the father of two twins Roohi and Yash, told IANS that his priority is not to give fashionable and trendy clothes to my kids but to imbibe them with right values. He added that right now he is focusing on them being good and well brought up children. "Fashion is really not a priority for me," said Karan. The filmmaker became the father of two twins via surrogacy in 2017.
Filmmaker Karan Johar, who is a father to twins Roohi and Yash, said his priority is not to give his kids fashionable and trendy clothes but to imbibe right values in them.Asked being a fashion conscious father, does he ensure to dress his kids in the trendiest clothes, Karan told IANS: “I don't think so. Although that's the expectation when it comes to me.””Right now, I am focussing on them being good and being well brought up children. I am giving them the right value system rather than the right clothes. Fashion is really not on the priority list for me,” said Karan, who became father to the twins via surrogacy in 2017.
But what about paparazzi continuously chasing celebrity kids?”Well it's the order of the day and it is not a hazard really. It is what it is. We are in the business called show business so everything in our lives is now inclusive. “Nothing can remain private and that's what it is. And if it is collateral damage and it comes with a territory then we have to accept it with open arms,” Karan told IANS.The filmmaker, who is known for creating fashion trends with his films like “Kuch Kuch Hota Hai”, “Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham…” and “Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna”, turned showstopper for designers Shane and Falguni Peacock's debut men's wear line along with actress Sonakshi Sinha.
Talking about how Bollywood influences fashion, Karan said: “Bollywood has always been the impressionable medium that has really dictated fashion trend.”When you go back to the 60s and beyond, everything that happened on celluloid always had a deep impact on the way people presented themselves, They emulate and imbibe the fashion on screen, so I think that's the kind of relation fashion has with films.”Of course nowadays everyone is so exposed to the internet, social media, which teaches so much about trends.
“But I still feel that films have their own niche place in modelling the fashion and DNA of our times,” he added. Karan, who tried his hands in designing as well, in the past in association with a fashion brand, however, said he has no plans to get into that anytime soon.”Not for a while. I would rather just wear other people's clothes and enjoy it as there is too much happening on the work front for me,” said Karan, who is currently seen on small screen judging “India's Next Superstars” along with director Rohit Shetty. Talking about designers Shane and Falguni's debut men's wear line, Karan said that their “clothes look fabulous and flamboyant”.
“I had a lot of fun walking on the runway. Also, since I am Half Sindhi, bling goes with my territory. I think men should never shy away from shinning. Men should stop thinking that plain clothing is the way forward for them,” he said.So is this his personal taste, too?”Fortunately with the presence of Ranveer Singh in the industry, people will accept every trend because he has raised the fashion bar so high.”I applaud him and I adore him for completely taking men's fashion to an all different level. He is the brand ambassador of edgy fashion,” said Karan.
Elvira Antonova, Lyndi Newbry, and Jill Larson have joined the northern Nevada offices of Chase International as real estate agents.
Antonova will work out of Chase's Reno office.
She has previous experience working in the real estate industry.
Newbry will work out of Chase's Sparks office.
Newbry has 14 years experience working as a real estate agent and broker. She also has a background in finance, risk management, and claims.
She is also an alumnus of the Sparks Citizen's Leadership Academy, as well as a member of the Budget and Finance Committee at the Reno-Sparks Association of Realtors.
Larson will serve in Chase's Carson Valley offices.
She has previous working in real estate and has owned her own business, Carson City CrossFit.
Last week, UK pollsters YouGov attempted to settle the perennial debate: Is Die Hard a Christmas movie? Bruce Willis' 1988 action classic is set at Christmas, features Christmas music, and a Santa hat makes a brief appearance perched atop the head of a dead terrorist, however the poll decided Die Hard is categorically NOT a Christmas movie.
52% of the 5457 people surveyed said they didn't consider it a Christmas film, compared to just 30% who think it is.
The news, which we reported here, provoked an unprecedented level of reaction on social media (don't shoot the messengers guys) with most people furious that anyone could question Die Hard‘s festive credentials.
In a bid to settle the debate, here are both sides of the debate, with our very own poll at the bottom so you can have your say.
Of course Die Hard is a Christmas film
Says Hanna Flint
View photos Do it get any more festive than this? (20th Century Fox) More
There has been so much discussion, this year seemingly more than others, about the status of Die Hard as a Christmas movie. And I'm here to tell you: it absolutely is. It not only fills most of the prerequisites of a festive film, it absolutely smashes them out the park because there is nothing more Christmas-like than a story of redemption. A Christmas Carol, Scrooged, The Santa Clause and It's A Wonderful Life all centre on men who redeem themselves from sin or error at Christmas and John McClane is doing exactly the same.
The NYPD cop has been a bit of a terrible husband and father to his wife Holly and kids so heads to Los Angeles, where they have relocated, to reconcile with them on Christmas Eve. Sadly, Hans Gruber throws a spanner into the works when he holds Holly's company hostage during the Nakotomi Corporation Christmas party. That doesn't deter John though, who fights tooth and nail to rescue his estranged wife and stop Gruber and his faux terrorist group from stealing $640 million from the company and killing everyone left inside the building. And he succeeds, because Christmas movies always need a happy ending as well as the lead protagonist learning a lesson by the closing credits.
In John's case, he realises that he was wrong to not support his wife and her career ambitions and ends up transferring to the LAPD to be with her and their two children. And let's not forget, he risked his own life in the most extreme way to save the Nakotomi employees, even though it was definitely not in his jurisdiction. He could have just tried to rescue his wife, but no, he helped to rescue everyone; a selfless act which is one of the main tenets of Christianity purported at Christmas.
Christmas movies always include Christmas songs too; Meet Me In St Louis is considered a Christmas film because of that one song sung by Judy Garland, ‘Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas', sung during the winter vignette. Die Hard features several Christmas songs including ‘Christmas in Hollis', performed by Run–D.M.C, ‘Winter Wonderland', ‘Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!', ‘Ode to Joy' and ‘Jingle Bells' which is hummed by John.
Festive tunes and redemptive storylines aside, a Christmas movie is about tradition too. Watching Die Hard during the holiday season, for many people, has become as synonymous as leaving out milk and cookies for Santa or opening one present on Christmas Eve. So don't listen to the naysayers; Die Hard is more than a Christmas movie, it's a Christmas tradition and should be respected as such.
Yippie-Ki-Yay, Motherf**ker!
No, Die Hard is NOT Christmas film
Says Tom Butler
View photos Ho ho no. (20th Century Fox) More
Canada recently took the long-awaited step of banning asbestos products. The ban will go into effect by 2018 and critics say it's long overdue.
WBFO Canada correspondent Dan Karpenchuk reports
In December, four federal cabinet ministers were on hand to announce the comprehensive ban. It comes after years of lobbying by unions and public health officials and long after many other developed countries, including the European Union, had implemented bans.
The announcement was officially made by science minister Kirsty Duncan.
"Multiple stakeholders have called for a ban, including health advocacy groups and unions. Internationally there's been growing consensus to move away from products containing asbestos. Our government listened," Duncan said.
But Canada comes late to the party. Asbestos, at one time heralded as a wonder fiber, has been part of the fabric of life in Canada for more than 100 years. But it has long been linked to cancer and mesothelioma, which can take decades to appear.
This year alone, about 2,300 new cases of asbestos-related cancer were diagnosed across the country, long after heavy asbestos use was in decline.
Canada was once a world leader in the production of asbestos. In 1973, at its peak, the country shipped close to 1.7 million tons of asbestos. Still, as recently as 2010, as much as 100,000 tons were being mined in Quebec. The last two mines closed in 2011.
No money has been attached to the announcement. Many Canadians are hoping for help removing asbestos from older homes.
Hassan Jusuf, with the Canadian Labour Congress, says better rules are still required.
"We will turn our efforts, of course, to try to regulate the disposal of asbestos and the remediation effort to ensure workers involved in the remediation should be in a licensed trade and, more importantly, stringent provisions should be there to protect those workers," Jusuf said.
Under the Rotterdam Convention, 156 countries have listed asbestos as hazardous. The Canadian government says it will sign on in the spring of 2017
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu met on Tuesday night in Washington with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
During the meeting, which lasted about two hours, the two discussed all the regional issues, including Iran.
Netanyahu invited Tillerson to visit Israel, in order to establish direct contacts between the Secretary of State and his team and the Office of the Prime Minister.
The meeting comes ahead of Netanyahu's meeting with President Donald Trump, which is scheduled for Wednesday afternoon (Washington time). Following the meeting, the two will hold a joint press conference.
As Tillerson and Netanyahu were meeting on Tuesday night, a senior White House official said that the United States would no longer insist on a “two-state solution” to the Israeli-Palestinian Authority (PA) conflict.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the United States would not seek to dictate the terms of any eventual peace settlement, but would support what the two sides agree to together.
"A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not a goal that anybody wants to achieve," the official said on condition of anonymity.
"Peace is the goal, whether that comes in the form of a two-state solution if that's what the parties want, or something else if that's what the parties want."
The comments are in line with a report on Channel 10 News on Monday, which said that Trump will not use the term “two states” during his meeting with Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu this Wednesday.
The report cited sources who said that Trump wants to be the President who achieves peace between Israel and its Arab neighbors. The sources also stated that Trump would not pressure Netanyahu regarding construction in Judea and Samaria.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- Taiwanese netizens are getting quite a chuckle from a photo posted Monday (July 2) on Taiwanese crooner Jay Chou's Instagram page showing Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson gingerly placing his right hand around Chou's wife, Hannah Quinlivan, in a photo with the couple.
The photo was taken at an event to promote the Johnson's latest action film "Skyscraper," which also features Quinlivan. In the caption of the photo, which has 196,000 likes and counting, Chou uploaded to his Instagram page it read, "thank you for taking care of @hannah_quinlivan in the movie it was nice talking to you about music."
However, it was the "gentlemanly" way Johnson carefully hovered his "polite hand" (禮貌手) next to Chou's wife that caught the attention of Taiwanese netizens:
"There's no safe place to place the gentlemanly Johnson's hand, haha."
"Johnson it too much of a gentleman, he won't even make the slightest touch!"
Others praised Chou:
"That's great, he's good at spoiling his wife."
"He loves his wife."
"Good husband."
"Requesting Quinlivan for publicity and getting Chou for free. Seems like a pretty good deal."
Quinlivan (left), Johnson (center) and Chou (right). (Photo from Jay Chou Instagram page)
New York (AP) — Petroleum futures trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange Monday:
(1,000 bbl; dollars per bbl.)
New from Real Avid is the Carbon Boss AR15, an AR15 bolt carrier group multi-tool designed to easily remove stubborn, stuck-on carbon. It's precision cut from non-hardened stainless steel to clean twelve surfaces on the most important areas of the bolt carrier group. Scraping tools are located on the outside of the triangle design and can be deployed with one hand while liner locks and detents keep them in place. A 360 degree bronze phosphor brush details the bolt tail. A patent-pending brush, with bronze phosphor and nylon, rotates to clean the bolt and other areas of the bolt carrier group. A ballistic nylon sheath is included for portability.
(800) 286-0567
www.gunsmagazine.com/company/real-avid
The iPhone 8 — or whatever it ends up being called — is undoubtedly the most hotly-anticipated smartphone of all time, which makes sense considering it'll be the tenth anniversary device in the most popular line of smartphones on the planet.
Pretty much the only thing we don't really know about the device at this point is exactly what it'll look like. Now, a new rumor out of Japanese Apple blog Mac Otakara suggests that Apple may have drawn design inspiration for its next smartphone from a rather unlikely source: the Apple Watch.
Don't Miss: This is supposedly Apple's final iPhone 8 design
According to the site, the “iPhone Edition,” which is one of several currently rumored names for the mythical iPhone 8, will feature a rounded metal frame made from a polished stainless steel akin to that of the mid-tier Apple Watch. The steel enclosure would be “sandwiched between glass plates,” on the front and rear of the device, with the Touch ID sensor hidden underneath a section of the front display (though that's already been disputed).
The rumored design specs also support the theory that Apple will launch the iPhone 8 with dual cameras positioned vertically, and that those cameras will give the smartphone the ability to “take VR shots,” though it's also entirely possible the camera system exists with augmented reality in mind.
Mac Otakara claims to have gotten ahold of the iPhone designs thanks to the documents progressing through the engineering and design verification testing process, though as always these things should be taken with a huge grain of salt.
Trending right now:
See the original version of this article on BGR.com
He is 12, and in a shelter in Maryland, nearly a thousand miles from his family.
Interested in Immigration? Add Immigration as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Immigration news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
When Brayan Cáceres' grandmother in Florida was finally able to talk to the boy after he had been detained with family at the border and sent to Maryland, "He was crying. He didn't understand what was happening," Rosa Cáceres, the grandmother, said.
Now when she talks by phone with the child, “He asks me when we are going to see each other, and I don't know what to say. Sometimes I'm scared they will never give him back to me... With the authorities here, anything can happen.”
A traumatic past
Brayan is one of about 2,000 children who have been recently separated from family members trying to cross the U.S. border.
He is from Honduras, a country that has become wracked by violence and the home to many of the migrants now trying to reach the United States.
About two years ago, Brayan's mother was found murdered in her home's septic tank.
The main suspect was a boyfriend who had been living with the mom and Brayan since her separation from her son's father. The boyfriend, according to Cáceres, had been violent to both the mother and son, and was arrested in the mother's killing. But he was later released, the grandmother said.
After the traumatic loss of Brayan's mother, his grandmother worries about the effect on him of living more than 900 miles from any family.
“At first when his mother died he was terrified of the dark, of being alone … It was terrible to know that he was alone in that place [the shelter in Maryland] after what he's been through,” said Cáceres, 48, who has been in the U.S. since 2007 and lives in Kissimee in central Florida.
Courtesy Rosa Caceres
They traveled by foot, bus and on top of trains
It began for Cáceres with a call in early May informing her that her child was in custody at the U.S.-Mexico border in California. She assumed it was a mistake since her youngest child, a teenager, had just spoken to her by phone from Honduras.
Later she learned that her adult son, José, had traveled to the U.S. border with Brayan; the boy's stepmother, Nubia; and José and Nubia's youngest child, Yahir, a 4-year-old boy.
The family had come on the so-called Way of the Cross caravan, an organized group of mostly Central American migrants that travels together for protection as they make their way through Mexico to the U.S.
José, Nubia and the two young boys came by foot, bus and on top of trains, and when they reached the U.S. they turned themselves in to authorities, Cáceres said.
Two days later, Brayan was taken from his father, and did not know why, Cáceres said.
The father, José, is back in Honduras after signing a deportation order when he met with immigration officials, according to Cáceres. The circumstances around his deportation are unclear. He also signed a notarized document granting custody to his mother, she said. The Department of Homeland Security declined to comment except to confirm that, “Jose Bartolo Caseres Caseres illegally entered the U.S on May 4, 2018, and was processed for removal. On May 22, 2018, he was removed to Honduras.”
But where was the 4-year-old?
The grandmother meanwhile said she didn't know for about 10 days what happened to her youngest grandchild, 4-year-old Yahir, or his mother.
“I was desperate, I called every number I saw in the news, I looked for their faces in the TV reports," Cáceres said. "I was very scared because [Yahir] was born prematurely and he has always been a small and sickly child.”
Then she got a call from Nubia from a jail near the border, Cáceres said. She said the boy's mother asked for money for food because the child had a high fever and was refusing to eat the jail's food.
Nubia and her son were released soon after, and Cáceres paid for them to travel by bus from Texas to her Florida home. They are preparing to file an asylum claim.
Brayan remains in Maryland, where according to his grandmother he shares a room with 11 other children and is able to make a 20-minute phone call twice a week.
The shelter is run the Board of Child Care in Baltimore, which is affiliated with the United Methodist Church, according to the program's website.
It launched its migrant-child program in 2014, targeted at the time to unaccompanied minors who came to the U.S., to "offer care, safety, and support to a unique population in need," the agency's website says.
ABC News reached out to the Board of Child Care but the agency declined to comment.
Cáceres has been told that Brayan might be released around July 4, but, she said she has been given inaccurate or incomplete information before and is skeptical.
Courtesy Rosa Caceres
Obstacles to reunification
Cáceres, who is employed at a construction company in Florida, has help from a social worker to sort out paperwork to acquire custody of her grandson.
She said she has had to submit a variety of notarized documents, including proof of her residence, a background check, fingerprinting and several documents sent from Honduras certifying their family ties to Brayan.
Her one-bedroom apartment proved to be a problem, Cáceres said. The social worker told her she needed a larger place, a two-bedroom home, which has been a financial hardship. And because the area where she lives has been flooded with people fleeing from Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria, there is a shortage of affordable homes, with several families often sharing a single house.
When Cáceres finally managed to navigate the home search, she said she was told that too much time had elapsed and she needed to start the process over.
Cáceres has also had to submit documentation proving that she has enough income to support Brayan. She then started working as much overtime as possible, often working up to 12 hours a day. This, too, proved to be a problem because there would be no one to provide child care during those long hours.
Now that Nubia and her child have joined her in Florida, Cáceres said she hopes to prove that Nubia can take care of the children while she works.
“My son often tells me that he feels trapped in a dark tunnel with no way out. I tell him we have to keep pushing forward. Even if they are separated, things will be better once both children are with me,” Cáceres says.
Laura Jaramillo Bernal contributed to this story.
Editor's note: This story has been updated to reflect that Brayan Cáceres is 12 years old, not 11 as previously stated.
NEW YORK (AP) — Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss on the very same green carpet, she came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, she's just the second German shepherd champion at the event that began in 1877.
"Unbelievable," handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports — think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled something of a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when she suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
Boyles is a fan of the Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
The 5-year-old Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring. The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
"The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility," judge Thomas Bradley III said. "When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is. She is just magnificent."
Rumor is named for the hit song "Rumor Has It" by Adele, a champion herself after sweeping the major categories at the Grammy Awards on Sunday.
This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be her last major show.
"She's going to be relaxing for a while," Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are "puppies in her future."
Clearly the crowd favorite, Rumor came out flying into the best-of-seven final ring to fans whistling and calling her name.
Rumor raised up for a well-deserved treat right after the win. Moments later, as Boyles did post-show interviews, Rumor spotted him and ran toward the man who guided her to victory.
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
The moment any German shepherd steps into the ring at the Garden, the crowd goes crazy.
New Yorkers just love 'em.
Some say it's because rooting for a German shepherd is the same as putting on an NYPD or FDNY hat, standing up for a dog that stood tall at a time of the city's greatest need.
"My sentiments, exactly," Boyles said.
While German shepherds hadn't won a lot here, many of them were on the green carpet of the center ring in 2002 when Westminster honored search and rescue dogs for their tireless work at the World Trade Center and Pentagon following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The solemn tribute is considered by many the most cherished memory ever at Westminster.
"They're loyal, dependable dogs that you can count on," Boyles said.
Rumor nearly won Westminster last year. She came to town as the nation's No. 1 show dog with more than 100 overall ribbons but was beaten in a surprise by a German shorthaired pointer named CJ.
In fact, when the judge began to announce his champion pick with "German sh...," Boyles took a step forward, anticipating the prize.
"I was thinking," Boyles said.
That was supposed to be Rumor's last show, and she was set to head home with Boyles to Edgerton, Wisconsin, to be a house pet and have puppies. She didn't conceive and late in the year, Boyles thought twice about Rumor's retirement.
"She liked to show and was in good shape, so we thought, why not?" he said.
Rumor went back on the circuit in January for 10 shows. She won the herding group Monday night at the Garden, beating top show favorite Preston the puli.
She topped that with the ultimate win at America's most prestigious dog show, rewarding the faith German shepherd fans always show in them.
"It's a recognizable dog, people have liked them for a long, long time," WKC President Sean McCarthy said earlier. "I think it goes back to Rin Tin Tin."
___
AP freelance writer Ginger Tidwell contributed to this report.
I recently suggested that you get and keep your affairs in order, especially when you own real property. Death and taxes are real, and it's best to be prepared for both.
Here's an important step to take regarding the value of your home when your spouse, partner, joint tenant, or any other person on title to your property dies. You have the chance to do what's called a “step up in value.”
Here's what this means in today's market.
As a married couple owning property together, when you sell your home, the first $500,000 in net gain is currently exempt from capital gains tax. This is based on the original purchase price of your home and the ultimate sales price.
But when one spouse or “title partner” dies, you are allowed a step up in value — that is, you have the opportunity to re-set the base value of your home as of the date of your spouse's death.
This is a generous accommodation the IRS gives you.
They're saying: “You'll now be able to receive the portion of your tax exemption that your spouse/partner would have provided to you, whether or not that would have been a positive or a negative financial impact to you (or us). We'll let you reset the fair market value of your home to the current fair market value as of the date of death of your spouse or partner, and we'll use that as the starting point for the calculation of your potential gain when and if you sell your home for more than the stepped-up value.”
Got that?
You'll want to check with your tax accountant/CPA to verify what you'll need to document the current fair market value of your home upon the death of your spouse or partner.
The easiest and most cost-effective method would be a Realtor's Comparative Market Analysis or Broker Price Opinion, both of which some Realtors will do as a complimentary service to their friends and clients.
My tax accountant said that this would suffice for him should the IRS question the value I place on my house in my tax return the year that I eventually sell my house. And that is all you need this documentation for, just in case the IRS questions the value you place on your home to calculate the net gain at the time of sale.
Alternatively, your tax professional may require an appraisal, meaning you'll need to hire an appraiser to come out, measure your home and evaluate the condition and location, evaluate all the comparable sales in detail and then charge you a pretty penny for her report.
Please don't wait years to do this, as the value will be much more difficult to set and much more suspicious to the IRS. Do this within a few months of the death and make sure you keep a copy in your files, send it to your trust attorney and your tax professional.
Another task you can do now to make it easier down the road.
Contributing columnist Leslie Sargent Eskildsen is an agent with Realty One Group. She can be reached at 949-678-3373 or @leslieeskildsen.
The U.S. House committee investigating the ugly underbelly of addiction rehab in America told eight call centers to cough up details about their business practices – including whether they get paid for routing patients to specific treatment facilities, and if so, exactly how much.
The letters – sent on Tuesday, May 29, to big and small companies in the treatment industry – probe allegations of “patient brokering,” where addicts are essentially sold to the treatment centers willing to pay the most for them, rather than sent to the treatment centers that might do them the most good. It also targets referral call centers and websites that are affiliated with treatment centers – but don't necessarily disclose that relationship.
“The exploitative tactics employed by patient brokers and some call aggregators have been deployed amid a perfect storm,” said the letters signed by six Congressmen. They noted that 115 people die from overdoses every day – which is one every 13 minutes.
The eight companies must by June 12 provide documents and details – copies of contracts with treatment providers, how many patients have been referred, to where, whether it helps sign addicts up for health insurance, if it owns websites and paid internet search engines for ad optimization, among other things.
Those companies are American Addiction Centers, one of the nation's largest treatment chains; Addiction No More in Texas; Addiction Recovery Now in Florida; Elite Rehab Placement in Michigan; Redwood Recovery Solutions in Florida; Solutions Recovery Center in Florida; Treatment Management Company in Georgia; and Intervention Allies in North Hollywood.
The companies contacted by the Southern California News Group said they do not engage in the unsavory practices outlined in the letters.
“I'm excited about this letter. It's about time,” said Michael Cartwright, CEO of American Addiction Centers. “Anything that looks into bad practices around the treatment industry is something we're supportive of.”
Cartwright continued: “I view this as a great opportunity to start a conversation with legislators. How about the feds getting in on the action in this area? We've worked to get laws passed in Florida, in Tennessee, and now in California – it would be a lot easier if the federal government passed some meaningful regulations, rather than doing it state by state.”
American Addiction Centers owns several websites that handle inquiries for its centers – much as the revered Betty Ford Center has its own hotline, he said – and Cartwright suspects AAC got the letter because of its national size and scope.
Others on the receiving end of the letters were less clear on why they're on the list.
“It doesn't apply to me,” said Carmine Thompson, founder of Intervention Allies. “As I've tried to explain to the committee, I'm a private interventionist. I don't accept insurance. I have never received a referral fee from a treatment program, and I will not give a referral fee to a treatment program.”
Daniel Callahan of Solutions Recovery Center in Florida said his company doesn't use phone rooms and doesn't pay brokers to round up clients from the streets.
“The old method of having people pounding the pavement, that method doesn't work anymore,” Callahan said. “What I see Congress attempting with their inquiry is an attempt to patch a system that needs overhaul. The questionnaire is asking the wrong questions. The focus on patient brokering is flawed, there must be some guidelines for advertising and marketing a facility.”
Callahan says a good reputation and good online presence helps to keep the business going.
Critics of the industry welcomed news of the ongoing probe.
“Looks like a great first step and it's significant to note that action is being taken,” said Warren Hanselmen of Advocates for Responsible Treatment in San Juan Capistrano. “Hopefully this is just the beginning of what could lead to legislation that cleans up the unethical operators of these organizations. People with addiction have enough problems to overcome on the road to recovery without being subjected to ‘referral services' that have no moral values and sell them to the highest bidder.”
In its probe, the congressional committee cites the Southern California News Group's ongoing investigation into abuses rampant on the “Rehab Riviera,” among other probes.
“One of the ways that patient brokers can generate leads on potential clients is through phone hotlines that connect to call centers or call aggregators,” the committee wrote to the eight companies. “Patient brokers are predominantly paid in one of two ways – a per-head fee that can range from $500 to $5,000 for each patient who successfully enters a treatment center, or monthly treatment facility fees that are based on the broker meeting a quota of patients and can result in earnings in the tens of thousands of dollars.”
Clients are sometimes offered perks such as “scholarships,” free housing and medical treatment.
“It is unclear if these patient brokers or call aggregators have any medical background necessary training to assist or make medical decisions for potential patients,” said the congressional letter. “Perhaps most disturbing is the allegation that some patient brokers follow these individuals with substance use disorder after their release and provide them with drugs to induce relapse so that the entire process can be repeated.”
About 60 people were killed during a prison riot in Brazil in which rival drug gangs began killing each other.
About 60 people have been killed in a prison riot in Amazon jungle city of Manaus, Brazil, officials said Monday.
The riot was instigated by a feud between rival drug gangs.
Sergio Fontes, the head of security for the Amazonas state, said at a press conference that the death toll could continue to rise as the authorities discover the scale of the violence.
According to Fontes, several of the people killed during the riot were decapitated and that their headless bodies were thrown over the prison wall. Most of the dead were members of a single gang, he added.
"This was another chapter in the silent and ruthless war of drug trafficking," he said.
Pedro Florencio, the Amazonas state prison secretary, called the riot and the ensuing massacre a "revenge killing."
As many as 300 prisoners may have escaped during the carnage, which was said to have been brought under control by 7 AM local time.
Brazil's prison system is notoriously overcrowded and suffer from endemic violence and riots, according to international watchdog organizations. Monday morning's riot was the dealiest Brazil has seen since 1992, when 111 inmates were killed during a rebellion at the Carandiru prison in São Paulo state.
(CBS Local) – An animal behaviorist is giving shelter cats a hand in getting adopted by loving families. In an effort to make them more adoptable, cats are learning how to give their new owners a friendly high-five.
Jackson Galaxy, host of the TV series “My Cat From Hell,” has created a project known as Cat Pawsitive, which aims to help felines maintain their social skills while waiting to be adopted. “The genesis of Cat Pawsitive stemmed from the simple desire to duplicate the ‘AHA!' moment I had in the early stages of my life with cats as a shelter worker,” Jackson told Mother Nature Network.
“Big life changes can lead to cats losing their mojo, their confidence and their raw cat essence,” Cat Pawsitive manager Christie Rogero added. “When suddenly faced with a noisy shelter or an unfamiliar foster home, even the most outgoing and friendly cats can become nervous, shut down or even just bored. This can lead to behaviors that make them seem less ‘adoptable.'”
According to reports, nearly 30 shelters have joined The Jackson Galaxy Project in order to teach their furry residents how to sit, jump, and even high-five on command. Another 50 shelters around the country are excepted to join the cat training program by the end of 2018.
“They get the kind of enrichment that cats need to be themselves and show their true personalities to potential adopters. This helps them to make connections and to get adopted more quickly,” Rogero said.
Olympic gold medallists Russia battled through to the quarter-finals of the Women's Handball World Championships as they beat South Korea in overtime in Germany.
Russia progressed to the last eight with a 36-35 victory in front of 1,132 at the GETEC Arena in Magdeburg.
The gripping encounter finished level at 30-30 at the end of regulation time before Russia prevailed in the extra period.
Polina Vedekhina was the star of the show for the Russian team as she scored nine goals.
Lee Mi-gyeong was the game's top scorer but her 11 goals were in vain as his South Korean team suffered an agonising defeat.
Russia's triumph set up a crunch meeting with reigning world and European champions Norway in the last eight.
It`s ON: Current olympic gold medal winner 🆚current World- and European Champion! 🔥⚡⚡ Russia 🇷🇺🆚 Norway 🇳🇴on Wednesday in Magdeburg - DON´T MISS THIS MATCH! Congratulations to Norway for reaching the quarter-finals #ESPNOR #simplywunderbar #Germany2017 pic.twitter.com/GKCAeC1W9B — simplywunderbar! (@simplywunderbar) December 11, 2017
Norway enjoyed a more straightforward win in their last 16 clashes with Spain at the Arena Leipzig.
The Rio 2016 bronze medallists recorded a comfortable 31-23 victory, with Nora Mørk netting on no fewer than 11 occasions.
Elsewhere on the final day of round of 16 action at the tournament, the Czech Republic booked their quarter-final place with a hard-fought 28-27 win over Romania at the same venue.
The Czechs trailed at half-time but recovered with a superb display after the break and scored a dramatic late winner to knock out the 2015 bronze medallists.
The Czech Republic will face The Netherlands, the beaten finalists in 2015, in the last eight after they overcame Japan 26-24 at the GETEC Arena.
The event continues tomorrow.
Getty Image
Under new CEO Dara Khosrowshahi, Uber has been trying to repair its image after a series of embarrassing and potentially litigious scandals. However, the biggest changes have been in regards to customer safety. Earlier in April, the ride-share company announced new app features that would transmit your location and include a 911 button to push in case of emergencies, as well as expansion of its background check system.
As part of the company's redesign of the internal app used by its drivers that is being rolled out, customers' privacy will soon be better protected after making a “tweak” to the pick-up and drop-off locations the drivers can see while transporting fares, which will reflect the locations from a precise pinpoint to a more general area.
An Uber spokesperson explained matters to TechCrunch:
“Location data is our most sensitive information, and we are doing everything we can do to protect privacy around it. The new design provides enough information for drivers to identify past trips for customer support issues or earning disputes without granting them ongoing access to rider addresses.”
In the current app version that Uber is rolling out, the location pin has been expanded by several degrees into a circle, which at least represents a shaded area a few meters around the customer's location. This will presumably help with future changes made by Uber to profect customers' privacy.
(Via Techcrunch)
NYON, Switzerland (AP) — AC Milan's hunt for the only European title it lacks will continue against Ludogorets Razgrad in the last 32 of the Europa League.
With Milan currently seventh in Serie A, the Champions League place awarded to the Europa League winner could be the best chance for the seven-time European champion to return to the elite competition.
Atletico Madrid, the 2010 and 2012 Europa League winner, was drawn to face Copenhagen after placing third in its Champions League group. Napoli will play Leipzig in a pairing of two more teams which dropped down from the Champions League.
Also, it was: Celtic vs. Zenit St. Petersburg; Ostersund vs. Arsenal; and Astana vs. Sporting Lisbon.
The first legs will be played on Feb. 15, with the return games on Feb. 22.
After wooing the fans with the poster and the teaser, the makers of Sushant Singh Rajput and Kriti Sanon-starrer ‘Raabta', finally released the much-awaited trailer of the movie on Monday.
The movie revolves around the love story of a cute, young couple, Saira played by Kriti and Shiv played by Sushant. However, the story takes a turn when Jim Sarbh enters the scene as the ultimate baddie and the story time travels to the past where the trio is connected through an unfulfilled love story.
The iconic song from Saif and Kareena Kapoor Khan starrer ‘Agent Vinod', ‘Raabta', originally sung by Arijit Singh has been used in the trailer.
WATCH the trailer here:
Sushant and Kriti have been in news for a long time now for their impressive chemistry both on and off screen.
Directed by debutant Dinesh Vijan and produced by Homi Adjania, Bhushan Kumar and Dinesh, ‘Raabta' is slated to release on June 9. Deepika Padukone and Varun Sharma are reportedly making a cameo in the movie.
FIFA will make a "strategic decision" for the future of the World Cup when they vote on the 2026 hosts at their Congress on June 13, according to the United 2026 bid committee.
The assertion was made by the combined North American bid's co-chairs - United States Soccer Federation President Carlos Cordeiro, Mexican Football Federation head Decio de Maria and Canadian Soccer Association boss Steven Reed.
"It is good news for the world," said De Maria.
"Because if this bid happens, in the future countries will be able to get together and organise FIFA tournaments all around the world in a form that is more difficult to do alone.
"The decision that the Congress will take on June 13 will be strategic for the rest of the years ahead, for countries to be able to organise FIFA tournaments from this year to the next five, 10, 15 or 20 years ahead."
The United 2026 bid team suggested their joint effort could give them the edge over their sole rival Morocco.
With the World Cup expanded to 48 teams for the tournament in eight years' time, the demands on the hosts will be larger than ever before.
Cordeiro suggested that should the United 2026 bid emerge as the winners of the vote, it would open the door for other countries around the world to join forces with their neighbours for future bids.
Japan and South Korea are the only nations to have co-hosted the World Cup, having done so in 2002.
The idea was then largely discouraged by FIFA, until the governing body changed tact under its current President Gianni Infantino.
"There was a reason why FIFA encouraged joint bids and we believe our joint bid together offers a vastly superior bid than our competition," said Cordeiro.
"I think at the end of the day, the member associations making that decision will see and understand that.
"That is the encouragement we are receiving as we have been moving around the globe, meeting with them.
"This joint bid is very much part of FIFA's way forward in terms on encouraging people to come together to host enormous tournaments."
United 2026 claim their bid would offer FIFA an "unprecedented opportunity" ©Getty Images
United 2026 selected 23 cities as part of their official submission to FIFA, which came on the eve of the March 16 deadline.
The majority are in the United States with 17 selected, although Chicago pulled out of the running after criticising FIFA for asking for major financial guarantees while allegedly not promising a huge return on investments as part of its hosting requirements.
Vancouver also failed to reach an agreement to be included, leaving three Canadian cities in contention to host matches.
These are Toronto, Montreal and Edmonton, with Guadalajara, Mexico City and Monterrey the Mexican selections.
FIFA will cut the 23 down by a further seven to 16 if the joint bid is chosen to host the 2026 tournament.
United 2026 said they have proposed holding one match in each country on the opening day of the tournament, should their bid triumph.
The final decision would be left to FIFA, according to the bid team, along with the split of matches between the countries.
Venues in the US are currently earmarked to host 60 matches at the tournament, with Canada and Mexico both expected to have 10 each.
The bid team say they would achieve record ticket sales totalling $2.1 billion (£1.5 billion/€1.7 billion), coming from an estimated 5.8 million sales.
They claim this would offer FIFA an "unprecedented opportunity" to grow the game in the three host countries.
United 2026 face the challenge of Morocco in the bid race ©Getty Images
With previous bid races for World Cups having been marred by controversies, the United 2026 bid team claimed they had "no concerns" about the current process, stating they were confident reforms undertaken by FIFA would ensure the final decision was based on merit.
As part the bid process, the co-chairs stated that FIFA were tracking who the bid teams had met with in an effort to ensure transparency.
United 2026 are currently meeting with representatives of the Asian Football Confederation as they seek to "make the case" for their proposal.
They have also recently met with FIFA members in Peru's capital Lima and the Colombian city Bogota, where the world governing body held a Council meeting last week.
Further discussions have taken place in Jordan, South Africa and with UEFA members in Europe as the countdown continues to the vote.
United 2026 claim they are offering FIFA and their members "unity, certainty and opportunity".
Bid books were submitted to FIFA last week.
United 2026's rivals Morocco proposed 12 cities and 14 stadia, including existing venues in Marrakech, Agadir, Fez, Rabat and Tangier which will undergo renovation works to meet FIFA requirements.
Two new stadiums will be built in Casablanca, including a 93,000 capacity National Stadia which would host the opening match and final, while new venues would also be built in Oujda and Tetouan.
In addition, five "legacy modular stadiums", which could be downscaled after the tournament, have been proposed for Marrakech, El Jadida, Meknes, Nador and Ouarzazate.
Morocco are bidding for football's flaghsip event for the fifth time after unsuccessful tilts in 1994, 1998, 2006 and 2010.
The vote at the Congress will take place on the eve of this year's World Cup in Russia.
Getty Image
Sean Spicer is, if nothing else, a glutton for punishment. Even after fleeing his oft maligned position in the Trump administration like Jesse Pinkman at the end of Breaking Bad, the former White House press secretary seems to keep putting himself in positions that lend themselves to ridicule. For example, Spicer's appearance at the 2017 Emmy Awards was supposed to be his redeeming moment of poking fun at himself, however it was decidedly not well received and Billy Eichner later revealed that nobody wanted to talk to poor ol' Spicer in the greenroom.
Perhaps because now he fancies himself part of the Hollywood elite, Spicer felt comfortable enough commenting on the Harvey Weinstein sexual harrassment scandal — or more specifically, the lack of coverage in the Washington Post print edition, as the communications professional pointed out that the Miramax co-founder is a “big Democrat donor.”
Not a single mention of big Democrat donor #HarveyWeinstein in hard copy of @washingtonpost pic.twitter.com/qfktuhSfRF — Sean Spicer (@seanspicer) October 6, 2017
Unfortunately, what Spicer failed to comprehend was that the Weinstein expose was a New York Times exclusive. CNN's Andrew Kaczynski pointed out the inherent flaw in his logic in a subsequent series of tweets, reminding him of the hurdles of aggregating another outlet for print.
Even out in the open, trout are remarkably adept at hiding their presence. The muted colors and speckles of their backs are beautiful out of the water.
In a first, researchers have found evidence of higher susceptibility of some babies to the Zika virus due to a genetic origin, a finding that may help in future vaccine strategy. Following Zika infection in vitro, cells from affected individuals had significantly higher Zika virus replication and reduced cell growth. These results confirmed the hypothesis of a genetic or epigenetic influence on susceptibility to congenital Zika syndrome and microcephaly.
In a first, researchers have found evidence of higher susceptibility of some babies to the Zika virus due to a genetic origin, a finding that may help in future vaccine strategy. A Zika virus outbreak in Brazil in 2015 had led to widespread concern after rising incidents of microcephaly were noticed in children born to mothers infected with the virus. The findings, led by researchers from the University of São Paulo in Brazil, showed that nearly six to 12% of the babies born from mothers infected with Zika during pregnancy had the congenital Zika syndrome.
Congenital Zika syndrome is a unique pattern of birth defects found among foetuses and babies infected with Zika virus during pregnancy. It is characterised by a partially collapsed skull, decreased brain tissue, damage (i.e., scarring, pigment changes) to the back of the eye, clubfoot, etc, according to the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Congenital Zika syndrome causes early brain development impairment by affecting neural progenitor cells — that can lead to the cells that form the brain and other parts of the central nervous system.
The results, published in the journal Nature Communications, indicate that the development of the Zika syndrome in babies is not random, it depends on neural progenitor cells susceptibility. It is possibly related to variants in several genes or to mechanisms that control gene expression and protein production.”We demonstrated that the infection is not random. It reinforces our hypothesis of a genetic component increasing the susceptibility to congenital Zika syndrome,” said lead author Mayana Zatz from the varsity.
For the study, the team examined nine pairs of twins from six Brazilian states in which at least one baby had microcephaly. They also studied 18 affected congenital Zika syndrome babies as compared to five unaffected twins and 609 controls. From these babies, three pairs of non-identical, discordant twins had their blood samples collected, from which neural progenitor cells were derived. Then, the researchers infected the progenitor cells with a Brazilian Zika virus strain. Prior to Zika virus infection the progenitor cells from congenital Zika syndrome babies show a significantly different gene expression signature that's key to a neurodevelopmental programme.
Following Zika infection in vitro, cells from affected individuals had significantly higher Zika virus replication and reduced cell growth. These results confirmed the hypothesis of a genetic or epigenetic influence on susceptibility to congenital Zika syndrome and microcephaly. However, a single gene cannot explain the cases of congenital Zika syndrome development nor the brain resistance to Zika virus, the researchers said.”If the baby has these genetic susceptibility factors, we believe he will not have microcephaly unless he is infected by the Zika virus. Maybe we can identify these people and prioritise them in a future vaccine strategy,” Zatz noted.
Fox
Over the weekend, the CBOE began issuing bitcoin futures contracts, meaning investors can buy options predicting the price of bitcoin will either rise or fall by a certain date, making money if they guess correctly. Before now, it was very difficult to short (or put) bitcoin in order to make money off its volatile price swings. Instead, you'd have to buy the bitcoin and hope to become the next Winklevoss, assuming you don't get robbed first.
In the first day of bitcoin futures trading, the strike price for January contracts rose 20%, but before you run out and plunk money you can't risk losing into bitcoin futures it should be noted that Wall Street will invest in a bubble even when they know it's a bubble. And regular people who aren't too big to fail usually end up taking the brunt of a downturn. It's hard to say what bitcoin's price will do next, considering the price was breaking symbolic barriers every few hours for a while last week. To quote the aptly-titled “Crypto Through The Tulips” piece in The Economist, “The beauty of bitcoin is that its intrinsic value is impossible to determine and that makes any value plausible to true believers.”
The beauty of bitcoin is also that it is very easy to make jokes about, and Twitter has done just that, such as jokes about the volatile prices:
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) - Alaska Airlines has updated its policy on emotional support animals following an increase in incidents involving them on planes and in airports, including some customers and employees suffering bites.
Starting May 1, customers flying with psychiatric service animals must provide animal health and behavioral documents and a signed document from a medical professional at least 48 hours prior to departure.
The airline also will stop allowing amphibians, goats and animals with hooves, tusks or horns.
Alaska Airlines spokesman Tim Thompson said there will be an exception for trained miniature horses. Miniature horses are recognized as service animals under the Americans with Disabilities Act and are used by a small number of people with disabilities, said airline spokeswoman Bobbie Egan in an email.
The changes are in response to increasing problems with emotional support animals on planes, Thompson said. There have been incidents where animals have bitten customers and employees, Thompson said.
"Most animals cause no problems," said Ray Prentice, Alaska Airlines director of customer advocacy. "However, over the last few years, we have observed a steady increase in incidents from animals who haven't been adequately trained to behave in a busy airport setting or on a plane, which has prompted us to strengthen our policy."
Alaska Airlines in recent years has handled about 150 support animals every day.
The new policy does not affect certified service animals, which are typically dogs helping owners with physical disabilities. The new restrictions only apply to animals assisting emotional, psychiatric, cognitive or psychological disabilities.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It seems everywhere you turn there's a new chef smackdown. Now somms are getting into the act with “Battle of the Masters: Sommelier vs. Sommelier,” a friendly challenge at Taps Fish House & Brewery in Irvine on Tuesday, March 27.
Superstar Fred Dame—who founded the American Branch of the Court of Master Sommeliers in 1986, and appeared in the documentaries “Somm” (2012) and “Somm 2: Into the Bottle” (2016)—will take on local heavy hitter Peter Neptune, an accomplished wine educator and owner of the Neptune School of Wine.
Peter Neptune is the owner of the Neptune School of Wine. He will compete against Fred Dame in “Battle of the Masters” event at Taps Fish House & Brewery in Irvine. (Courtesy of Taps)
Fred Dame founded the American Branch of the Court of Master Sommeliers in 1986. He will compete against Peter Neptune in “Battle of the Masters” event at Taps Fish House & Brewery in Irvine. (Courtesy of Taps)
The format is a dinner for 80 guests, with the somms selecting pairings for each dish during a five-course meal. Not only will attendees get double their tasting pleasure, they'll vote at the end of the evening to determine which somm picked the best bottles.
Neptune will stick to Italians, Dame will pick French wines. Voting begins after each course, results will be tallied and the winner announced after dinner.
The event takes place at Taps Fish House & Brewery, 13390 Jamboree Road, Irvine. Dinner is $99 per person. Reservations: 714-619-0404 ; tapsfishhouse.com
“Battle of the Masters” dinner menu
First course
House Made Brioche Toast
Wines: Nicolas Feuillatte Brut vs. 2009 Majolini Franciacorta Brut
Second course
Nicoise Salad
Wines: 2016 Jolivet Pouilly Fume vs. 2016 Terlan Pinot Grigio
Third course
Truffle and Foie Gras Trangoli
Wines: 2016 Latour Marsannay vs. 2013 Ceretto Barolo
Fourth course
Lamb Neck Potato and Chive Gnocchi
Wines: 2013 Quintessence Chateau Pesquie vs. 2012 Camigliano Brunello di Montalcino
Dessert
Sauternes Budino
Wines: 2015 M. Chapoutier Banyuls vs. 2013 Fattoria del Cerro Vino Santo di Montepulciano
NEW YORK (AP) — Katy Perry, Ed Sheeran and The Chainsmokers will perform at the iHeartRadio Music Awards in Los Angeles.
Additional performers announced Wednesday include Shawn Mendes, Thomas Rhett, Noah Cyrus and Big Sean. Bruno Mars has also been previously announced as a performer.
Drake leads all nominees with 12 nominations, including male artist of the year, at the fourth annual awards show. The show will air live on TBS, TNT and truTV on Sunday, March 5.
___
Online: http://news.iheart.com/features/iheartradio-music-awards-15/
BALTIMORE (AP) — A Baltimore school police officer caught on video slapping and kicking a teen at a school while another officer stood by has accepted a plea deal.
News media outlets report Anthony Spence entered an Alford plea on Tuesday to a second-degree assault charge, not admitting guilt, but acknowledging prosecutors have enough evidence to convict.
Instead of facing jail time, Spence will get probation before judgment and 18 months of supervised probation. He must also resign from the school police force within 90 days.
Documents show a witness to the March 1 encounter said a second officer, Saverna Bias, told Spence to hit the youth, and Spence then hit and kicked the teen.
Spence's attorney, Warren Brown, says the student spat on Spence.
Bias will go to trial on assault charges.
In the wake of Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price's Sept. 29 resignation over his use of private jets paid for by the government, other executive branch chiefs are under scrutiny over their travel arrangements.
The Washington Post reported Thursday that Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao used government planes on seven trips this year, with the jets generally costing taxpayers about $5,000 per hour to operate. According to Chao's spokesperson, the Transportation Department's ethics counsel had approved the private flights, and Chao had predominantly been flying on commercial airlines.
The Chao news came on the same day that the Treasury Department issued its review of Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin's $800,000 bill for using government planes. Mnuchin took private flights eight times and withdrew a ninth request to use one on a trip to Europe with his wife. The Treasury's internal counsel found nothing illegal about Mnuchin's flights but questioned the justification for them.
“What is of concern is a disconnect between the standard of proof called for,” wrote Rich Delmar, counsel for the Office of the Inspector General for the Treasury, “and the actual amount of proof provided by Treasury and accepted by the White House in justifying these trip requests.”
Price resigned after it was revealed he had spent more than $1 million in taxpayer funds on private air travel. The trips included a flight from Washington, D.C., to Philadelphia and a visit to Nashville, where Price did 90 minutes of work and had a lengthy lunch with his son. Price positioned himself as a budget hawk during his time in Congress, criticizing Democrats for wasteful spending and attacking then-House Speaker Nancy Pelosi for her use of a private plane.
View photos Former Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price. (Photo: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) More
Following Price's resignation, a memo was sent to executive departments requiring approval by White House chief of staff John Kelly for all noncommercial travel.
“Government-owned, rented, leased, or chartered aircraft should not be used for travel by Government employees except with specific justification,” wrote Mick Mulvaney, director of the Office of Management and Budget.
Earlier this week Reuters reported that Energy Secretary Rick Perry took a private flight to Ohio the day before Mulvaney issued the new policy. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke is under investigation by his department's own inspector general for a $12,375 private flight from Las Vegas to his home state of Montana. Before the investigation was announced, Zinke had dismissed questions about the flight as “a little BS over travel.” Scott Pruitt, head of the Environmental Protection Agency, has spent nearly $60,000 on private flights. The EPA has also spent nearly $25,000 on the construction of a secure phone booth for Pruitt's office.
The Washington Post reported last week that Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin spent half of a 10-day European trip this summer sightseeing. Per the Post, the overseas jaunt took place less than two weeks after he signed a memo instructing top VA staffers to determine whether “employee travel in their organization is essential.” In the wake of the report, the VA announced that the agency will begin posting details of the secretary's travel online, including itineraries and the disclosure of any use of government or private aircraft.
_____
Read more from Yahoo News:
'All of the Money in the World' and 'The Greatest Showman' got plenty of love, but where were the nominations for 'The Big Sick' and 'Get Out'?
The Golden Globe nominations are as Golden Globe-y as ever. It is largely impossible to predict who the Hollywood Foreign Press Association will deem worthy of being invited to their annual shindig, and this year proved no exception. While there were enough sure things in the mix (the HFPA loves Meryl Streep) and some omissions we knew were longshots all along (sorry, Wonder Woman), there are a number of surprises and snubs worth discussing.
Surprises
Christopher Plummer for All the Money in the World. And here we said it as a joke. We didn't know anyone had even seen All the Money in the World yet -- since Plummer filmed his parts last month -- but he somehow managed a nomination. In fact, all the love for All the Money in the World, which also included nominations for Best Actress for Michelle Williams and Best Director (more on that in a second), came as a surprise.
The Boss Baby. The comedy in which Alec Baldwin plays a boss that is a baby was hardly beloved when it hit theaters, yet the HFPA apparently loved it enough to nominate it for Best Animated Film, amongst less surprisingly contenders like Coco and Ferdinand as well as lesser known entries like The Breadwinner and Loving Vincent. We predicted the nomination would have gone to The Lego Batman Movie. (Heck, even The Lego Ninjango Movie!)
Hugh Jackman for The Greatest Showman. There were more surprising nominations in Best Actor, Musical or Comedy -- like, y'know, Ansel Elgort for Baby Driver -- but it's a shame that Jackman made the Globes cut with Circus Musical instead of his fine, final work in this year's Logan. (Fair, the drama category would've been tough to crack with an X-Men movie, seeing that's essentially cemented with Gary and Tom and Daniel and Timothée.) A more surprising fact: The Greatest Showman got more Golden Globe nominations than Get Out. (See: snubs.)
Helen Mirren for The Leisure Seeker. We love us some Helen Mirren, we just hadn't expected her to break into this category -- or, uh, any awards show, no disrespect -- for this not-exactly-buzzed-about flick. Especially not over Emma Watson in the Disney juggernaut, Beauty and the Beast. But there she is, right alongside Dame Judi and Margot and Saoirse and Emma. And we're not mad at it.
Snubs
Get Out for Best Screenplay. Despite having a gajillion categories, the Golden Globes doesn't split their screenplay category into Best Original Screenplay and Best Adapted Screenplay. It's just all lumped together into Best Screenplay, which Jordan Peele seemed to be a frontrunner to win. Yet, his wildly inventive and effective script for Get Out was nowhere to be found come nominations, passed over (along with James Ivory's Call Me By Your Name), in lieu of Molly's Game and The Post.
Greta Gerwig and Jordan Peele for Best Director. How disappointing. Despite Best Picture (Musical or Comedy) nominations for both Lady Bird and Get Out, Gerwig and Peele's exceptional work behind the camera went unacknowledged in favor of Ridley Scott's All the Money in the World, which got a big awards season push from the HFPA. We expected to see Nolan and Spielberg up there and are thrilled for del Torro, but at least one of these two directors deserved to be in the mix.
The Big Sick. Nothing? Not only were Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon absent from Best Screenplay, but Nanjiani didn't manage to crack Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy either. (See above.) Even more egregious, Holly Hunter, who was all but guaranteed Best Supporting Actress, didn't get it in the end and the film wasn't nominated in the Best Picture, Musical or Comedy category. Depending on who you ask, that slot was stolen by The Disaster Artist or The Greatest Showman.
Sufjan Stevens for Best Original Song. Stevens' gorgeous track, "Mystery of Love," for Call Me By Your Name was snubbed, and I hope this mistake is corrected come Oscars. But it's not the biggest surprise, not when the HFPA could lure Mariah Carey (for The Star) and Nick Jonas (for Home) with the promise of gold trophies. Beauty and the Beast -- which boasted an original in "Evermore" -- was more surprisingly absent here.
RELATED CONTENT:
Golden Globe Nominations 2018: Full List of Nominees
Seth Meyers Set to Host 2018 Golden Globes for the First Time
Related Articles
WASHINGTON (AP) — Congressional Democrats stand divided over whether to fight now or later about the fate of some 800,000 immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children.
House Democrats want the issue resolved in the broad spending bill. Some Senate Democrats would rather deal with the issue next year, ahead of President Donald Trump's March deadline.
The fate of these "Dreamers" is among the trickiest issues to resolve as Washington seeks to avert a Christmas government shutdown.
For Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez, there is no more important issue in the year-end budget showdown.
But at the top of Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer's list of political concerns are the re-election bids of 10 Senate Democrats in states Trump won. They want nothing to do with shutting down the government over immigration.
This is a very controversial question that only you can answer for you. I will delve into pros and cons of carrying an extra magazine to hopefully help you see both sides of the coin.
Let's face it less than one half of one percent of Americans who carry a weapon will ever use it in a self-defense situation.
Out of this one half of one percent how many of these people will have to reload another magazine to resume or finish the fight? Less than 1/8th of the ½ of the 1 percent require additional rounds.
The biggest reason I hear from people as to why they carry an extra magazine is due to a high probability of malfunctions. All semi-automatic pistols will eventually malfunction. The common training method of Tap..Rack..Fire has trained us to use this immediate action drill and then drop the faulty magazine and pop in a fresh magazine. So this train of thought certainly has some merit.
People say what If I carry a full size weapon and carry 14-17 rounds in the magazine? Should I carry an extra mag?
In my opinion you need to conduct your own risk assessment. This means you will need to look at why you carry and what you carry and how much your' set up costs. If you are comfortable with a Ruger LCP strapped to your ankle, then that is fine. If you are the person who is more comfortable with a Glock 17 that is utilizing a $100 holster and 2 spare magazines with a total of 52 rounds on them, then that is fine too.
The most common quote is “Well why not? It could save your life” Well, do you wear a level III ballistic vest everyday? Do you wear a helmet in your car or truck? I mean it could save your life…..Do you see where I am going with this.
If you do decide to carry extra mags, train accordingly. Place them in the same spot and train your body until muscle memory kicks in and you can conduct an emergency reload without looking down at your weapon or magazine.
There aren't many options for conceal carry mag holsters. There are some, just very few in comparison to open carry holsters.
If you are openly carrying your weapon, utilizing extra magazines on your belt makes it much more comfortable and easier to access in a fight.
Don't be fooled into thinking you are an exceptional marksman and you won't miss when the time comes. Because the data shows you are going to miss…a lot….most LEO's will miss 70 percent of the time.
Now you are thinking you certainly need a spare magazine…right?!?!
Let's look at the other side to that coin for a bit. Every round that comes out of your weapon you are liable and fully responsible for. Trouble will not always find you in a desert or completely unoccupied area. So be aware more rounds downrange means a much higher chance you will miss and possibly injure or kill an innocent bystander.
The reasons I carry a weapon maybe completely different than why you carry and that is fine. If it is more comforting to carry extra mags, then by all means do so. If you feel safe and adequate with your weapon as it is, then by all means do so.
Take a look at why you carry and conduct your own personal risk assessment to decide if you want to start carrying extra magazines.
Fortuna Paratus Remunerat- Fortune Favors the Prepared
Shane Smith
Feel like getting away for the weekend? Why not head down the QEW and make your way to Toronto. Lifestyle expert Liv Judd tells us how to spend a full 48 hours in the six.
After Linus Phillip Jr., 30, was killed by a police officer after he was stopped at a gas station in Largo, Florida, for heavily tinted car windows. Authorities went to the funeral home recently in an effort to use his finger to unlock his phone as part of an investigation, Phillip's family attorney confirmed.
Days before the funeral on April 31, two detectives held the man's hands up to the iPhone's fingerprint sensor in the cold storage at the funeral home but did not successfully unlock it, John Trevena, the family's pro bono attorney told ABC News.
Phillip's family was at the funeral home making arrangements when the detectives showed up.
"So they are allowed to pull him out of the refrigerator and use a dead man's finger to get to his phone. It's disgusting," Phillip's girlfriend Victoria Armstrong told ABC affiliate WFTS in Tampa Bay, Florida. "We are fighting to find out what happened."
Largo Police
The Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home, where Phillip's funeral was held, did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment.
Lt. Randall Chaney confirmed the incident at the funeral home to the Tampa Bay Times, saying that detectives didn't think they would need a warrant since there's no expectation of privacy after death.
When reached by ABC News, the Largo Police Department declined to provide further information about the case.
"The case is still presently active, however, sometime in the near future the investigation should be concluded and the report will be available for any public records requests," a spokesperson for the police department said.
WFTS
On March 23, Largo police officers saw Phillip's vehicle had heavily tinted windows, which violates Florida law, according to a press release that the police department shared with ABC News.
Phillip was driving a rental car and stopped at a Wawa gas station when the officers approached him. Phillip provided police with paperwork showing the car was a rental before an officer asked him why the car smelled like marijuana.
The officers told Phillip they were going to search him, according to the press release. When the officers attempted to lawfully detain Phillip, police said he jumped into the driver's seat and tried to flee.
An officer was hanging onto the car when Phillip allegedly put the car in reverse and accelerated nearby the gas pump, which made the officer fear for his life and fire his weapon, according to the press release.
Phillip was shot four times, killing him.
"It is the conclusion of the State Attorney's Office that the death of Linus Phillip Jr. was the result of having been shot by Officer Matt Steiner in the legal performance of his duty and the shooting was justifiable homicide," the press release said.
WFTS
The Largo Police Department reviewed multiple Wawa cameras and said that the footage is "limited" and does not show the encounter between Phillip and the officers.
"Did they really need to kill him to stop him?" said Trevena. "It makes no sense."
The family of Phillip is demanding that all of the camera footage be released, according to WFTS.
"They killed him after his 30th birthday. Oh god, he turned 30 on March 11," Martha Hicks, Phillip's mother, told WTFS. "It's too much, too much. We just want to know what happened."
Phillip had marijuana, crack cocaine, powdered cocaine, hydromorphone pills, and over $1,500 in cash in his pockets at the time, according to the police report.
He did not have a gun in his possession and had a past criminal history, reported WFTS.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
PILOT MOUNTAIN — Surry Community College is offering a winter gardening workshop Feb. 26 to help folks learn to get more from their garden plot throughout the year.
According to organizers, the goal of the workshop is to change participants' perspectives to see growing produce as a year-round endeavor thereby improving their growing capabilities in order to provide healthy, harvested produce to eat, not only in the warmer months, but throughout the year.
“While most people think producing is a spring and summer activity, there are many things that are grown during the winter and early spring,” workshop instructor Jamie Renzi explained. “The workshop will help students to become more confident about growing in the winter season.”
The gardening workshop will delve deep into winter growing by not only covering which crops can thrive in the cold winter months, but also explaining methods for preserving the bounty of a winter harvest by freezing or drying. Additionally, students will proactively plan ahead by discussing various early spring crops that can be started soon.
Renzi is a passionate horticulturist and SCC alumna. She received her Sustainable Horticulture certificate from Surry, and subsequently her love of growing coupled with her enthusiasm for clean foods free of chemicals led Renzi to join Surry's staff as an instructor for many continuing education workshops like the upcoming winter gardening.
The course will meet on Feb. 26 from 5 to 8 p.m. at The Pilot Center, 612 E. Main St., Pilot Mountain.
Advance registration and payment of $20 are required for the winter garden workshop. The class may be available free through Surry Skill-UP; call to apply. For more information, call (336) 386-3618. To follow the horticulture program on Facebook and Instagram, follow @surryhorticulture.
An Egyptian court has ordered the detention of an activist for failing to report to a police station because he had been detained elsewhere.
Abdel Azim Fahmy, a senior member of the secular April 6 movement known as Zizo Abdo, was detained for several hours last Wednesday, causing him to miss the court-ordered visit to a different police station. He was detained again on Saturday.
His lawyer, Mokhtar Mounir, said the Cairo Criminal Court ordered Abdo returned to pre-trial detention Tuesday on charges of inciting protests and belonging to an outlawed group, which date back to last May. Mounir said he would appeal the order, calling it "inhumane and irrational."
April 6 played a leading role in the 2011 uprising that toppled longtime autocrat Hosni Mubarak.
Two Dallas Police officers have been shot and critically wounded, the Dallas Police Department wrote on Twitter.The shooting occurred at a Home Depot in North Dallas, according to the ATF, which is responding to the scene.A civilian was also shot, and his or her condition is unknown at this time, police said.The shooting suspect may be in custody, according a U.S. Marshal on the scene. Police were actively searching for the shooting suspect in a nearby wooded area.The police department asked for prayers for the officers and their families.Further details were not immediately available.In 2016, five Dallas law enforcement officers were shot and killed and seven more injured after they were ambushed by 25-year-old former Army reservist Micah Xavier Johnson . Johnson later died in a standoff with police.Former Dallas Police Chief and ABC News contributor David Brown said the most recent shooting on two Dallas police officers is "too much to bear for one department in such a short time frame."
More Related Stories
Women's Weekly Fun Decor Ideas For Your Kids' Rooms Orange or yellow? Pink or purple? Stripes or polka dots? Have fun decorating your kids' room – here are fab...
Women's Weekly | All About Her Time To Make #ThisIsOurMalaysia Go Viral! It all started out when former TV host, radio personality and producer Rina Omar wrote a simple Facebook post...
Her World | Fashion & Beauty Fortified Formula Against Ageing Skin Nourish your skin with the all-new EGOSTYLE Antipollution line by Isabelle Lancray to defend it from air pollutants that accelerate...
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Police were checking surveillance tapes Wednesday for clues about who may have assassinated the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un at an airport in Kuala Lumpur, a senior official said.
An autopsy will also be performed on the body of Kim Jong Nam, police said. Kim, 46, was targeted Monday in the shopping concourse at the airport and had not gone through immigration yet for his flight to Macau, said a senior government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case involves sensitive diplomacy.
He was taken to the airport clinic and then died on the way to the hospital, the official said.
Kim, who died on the way to a hospital, told medical workers before he died that he had been attacked with a chemical spray, the official said.
Selangor police chief Abdul Samah Mat said police were searching for clues in the CCTV footage. The airport is in Selangor near Kuala Lumpur.
Kim Jong Nam was estranged from his younger brother, the North Korean leader. Although he had been tipped by some outsiders as a possible successor to his dictator father, others thought that was unlikely because he lived outside the country, including recently in Macau, Singapore and Malaysia.
He reportedly fell further out of favor when he was caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001, saying he wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
Multiple South Korean media reports, citing unidentified sources, said Kim Jong Nam was killed at the airport by two women believed to be North Korean agents. They fled in a taxi and were being sought by Malaysian police, the reports said.
A Malaysian police statement confirmed the death of a 46-year-old North Korean man whom it identified from his travel document as Kim Chol, born in Pyongyang on June 10, 1970. "Investigation is in progress and a post mortem examination request has been made to ascertain the cause of death," the statement said.
Ken Gause, at the CNA think tank in Washington who has studied North Korea's leadership for 30 years, said Kim Chol was a name that Kim Jong Nam has traveled under. He is believed to have been born May 10, 1971, although birthdays are always unclear for senior North Koreans, Gause said.
Mark Tokola, vice president of the Korea Economic Institute in Washington and a former deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Seoul, said it would be surprising if Kim Jong Nam was not killed on the orders of his brother, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim Jong Nam in the past.
"It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un," Tokola wrote in a commentary Tuesday. Although there was scant evidence that Kim Jong Nam was plotting against the North Korean leader, he provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose his brother.
The reported killing came as North Korea celebrated its latest missile launch, which foreign experts were analyzing for evidence of advancement in the country's missile capabilities. For the next several days, North Korea will be marking the birthday of its late leader Kim Jong Il, the brothers' father, though they have different mothers. The major holiday this Thursday is called the "Day of the Shining Star" and will be feted with figure skating and synchronized swimming exhibitions, fireworks and mass rallies.
Since taking power in late 2011, Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials in what the South Korean government has described as a "reign of terror." The most spectacular was the 2013 execution by anti-aircraft fire of his uncle, Jang Song Thaek, once considered the country's second-most-powerful man, for what the North alleged was treason.
Gause said Kim Jong Nam had been forthright that he did not have political ambitions, although he was publicly critical of the North Korean regime and his brother's legitimacy in the past.
Kim Jong Nam had been less outspoken since 2011, when North Korean assassins reportedly tried to shoot him in Macau, Gause said, though the details of the attempted killing are murky. South Korea also reportedly jailed a North Korean spy in 2012 who admitted to trying to organize a hit-and-run accident targeting Kim Jong Nam in China in 2010.
Despite the attempts on his life, Kim Jong Nam had reportedly traveled to North Korea since then, so it was assumed he was no longer under threat. Kim Jong Nam may have become more vulnerable as his defender in the North Korean hierarchy, Kim Kyong Hui — Kim Jong-un's aunt and the husband of his executed uncle, Jang Song Thaek — appears to have fallen from favor or died. She has not been seen in public for more than three years, Gause said.
Kim Jong Il had at least three sons with two women, as well as a daughter by a third. Kim Jong Nam was the eldest, followed by Kim Jong Chul, who is a few years older than Kim Jong-un and is known as a playboy who reportedly attended Eric Clapton concerts in London in 2015. It's unclear what positon he has in the North Korean government. A younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, was named a member of the Workers' Party of Korea's Central Committee during a North Korean party congress last May. She has a position in a propaganda and agitation department and is known as Kim Jong-un's gatekeeper, Gause said.
While the most likely explanation for the killing was that Kim Jong-un was removing a potential challenger to North Korean leadership within his own family, he could also be sending a warning to North Korean officials to demonstrate the reach of the regime. It follows the defection last year of a senior diplomat from the North Korean Embassy in London who has spoken of his despair at Kim's purges.
Scotland's medal chances at next year's Commonwealth Games have suffered a blow after Laura Muir confirmed that she would miss Gold Coast 2018 to concentrate on her veterinary medicine studies.
Muir finished fourth in the 1500 metres and sixth in the 5,000m at the International Association of Athletics Federations World Championships in London.
"My exams aren't until May so Commonwealths being in April, it's just not going to work out unfortunately," Muir told BBC Scotland following the conclusion of the IAAF World Championships yesterday.
"I go back to university next week.
"I've got a week off then back to my studies to complete my final year."
The 24-year-old from Inverness competed at Glasgow 2014 and finished 11th in the 1500m.
Since then she has gone to become one of the world's top middle-distance runners, including winning the 1500m and 3,000m at this year's European Indoor Championships in Belgrade.
"I love running for Scotland whenever I can and the Commonwealths are one of the few opportunities you can do it so, yeah, I'm gutted I'm going to be missing it,"Muir said.
"But you have to think about getting my degree and that was really important to me. "
Laura Muir finished fourth in the 1500m at the IAAF World Championships in London ©Getty Images
Muir added: "I'm sure the team's going to do so, so well.
"They're going to do great."
The women's 1500m and 5,000m are set to be among the most competitive on the programme at Gold Coast 2018.
First and third in the 1500m at London 2017 were Faith Kipyegon and Caster Semenya, who as a Kenyan and South African are both eligible to compete in the Commonwealth Games.
A Kenyan, Hellen Obiri, also won the 5,000m.
Instead of Gold Coast 2018, Muir may run in the IAAF World Indoor Championships, due to take place in in Birmingham next year between March 2 and 4.
"These next few months are going to be very full on with my studies," Muir told BBC Scotland.
"I feel like I'm in reasonable shape. I'd like to run in Birmingham."
HOT ROD Power Tour 2017 Is Presented By Chevrolet Performance And Driven By Continental Tire
If you're a Mopar guy, there's a good chance much of your week has been spent weeding through the sea of Bow Ties and Blue Ovals in every gallery we've posted so far. Never fear, this one's for you! All of you hemi-loving, torsion-bar-having diehards can indulge on all of the best action Ma' Mopar was able to provide at Power Tour 2017.
Frequently asked Questions: http://www.hotrod.com/articles/hot-rod-power-tour-2017-faq/
Driving Directions: http://www.hotrod.com/articles/2017-hot-rod-power-tour-route-download/
Main Event Page: http://www.hotrod.com/events/power-tour/
For More Coverage, follow us on Facebook and Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/hotrodmagazine/?hl=en https://www.facebook.com/hotrodmag/
When J.J. Watt attended the Houston Rockets' playoff game on Sunday night, he got a front-row view of Patrick Beverley's intensity.
The Houston Texans star defensive end was taken aback when Beverley walked over to his courtside seat during a timeout and simply stood in front of him and stared for several seconds.
"I was like: 'Pat, I don't know what you want me to do here, man. I can't really do anything,'" Watt said. "He's just staring me down. And my girlfriend looked at me and she was like: 'That was kind of cool and kind of awkward at the same time.' I was like: 'Yeah it was.' I didn't know what to do."
Watt finally broke the stalemate by high-fiving the guard, a well-deserved acknowledgement on a night when Beverley scored a playoff career-high 21 points with 10 rebounds and slowed Russell Westbrook with his defense to help Houston rout Oklahoma City 118-87 in Game 1 of their first-round playoff series.
"The guy was just absolutely killing it," Watt said. "His intensity is the best. I was setting there on the sidelines getting fired up, wanting to get in the game."
Watt actually thought about rushing on the court for a brief moment in the third quarter on Sunday night to stand up for Beverley. It came when 7-foot Thunder center Steven Adams knocked the 6-1 Beverley to the court on a hard screen just a few feet away from Watt's seat.
"That dude knocks him out," Watt said. "And I was like: 'OK, we may have a problem you're messing with my guy Pat.'"
The Rockets were off on Monday and Beverley wasn't available for comment, but he tweeted his thanks for Watt's support by saying that he wants him back for Game 2 on Wednesday night in the same seat he had for the first game.
Watt is known for his fiery demeanor while chasing down quarterbacks on the football field. But even he was a little surprised by Beverley's ferocity on Sunday night.
"He just has a way of getting you fired up," Watt said. "He is like the Wolverine out there. He's fearless. I love the way that guy plays and it was just fun to watch that guy put on a show."
———
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
DENVER – Closing statements from both attorneys in the trial involving a former Denver radio DJ accused of groping Taylor Swift before a 2013 concert are expected to get underway Monday morning on Day 6 of the trial.
Live updates from U.S. District Court of Colorado in Denver can be found below. Refresh page for the latest updates. (All times Mountain):
8:30 a.m.
The day will get underway Monday with a “charging conference” involving Judge William J. Martinez and attorneys from both Swift's side and the side of David Mueller, the former DJ.
At the conference, the attorneys will review and finalize the instructions that will be given to the jury to decide the remainder of the trial.
After the conference is over, the jury will return to the courtroom and hear closing statements from both sides, then will start deliberating.
But after Judge Martinez ruled Friday that Swift would no longer be party to the lawsuit filed against her and her team and tossed out four of the five claims against the defendants, there will only be one claim moving forward originally filed by Mueller.
That claim—tortious interference with contract claims—is only moving forward against Swift's mother, Andrea Swift, and her manager, Frank Bell.
Taylor Swift's counterclaim against Mueller will also be moving ahead. It involves claims of assault and battery.
As in all cases, the jury will have to reach a unanimous verdict to find any of the parties guilty of something.
Commuters are again being urged to leave extra time to travel today after Britain shivered through its coldest night of the year.
Main routes are open today but side roads and backstreets are icy.
A Met Office yellow warning remains in place for the entire North East coast until 11am today.
It says: "Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from mid-afternoon Monday, and overnight into Tuesday morning.
"Wintry showers may also bring some fresh snowfalls, mostly to higher ground.
"Accumulations of 2-5 cm area possible, again mostly above 100-150 m in places in eastern Scotland and eastern England. Some roads and railways are likely to be affected with some journey times taking longer.
"There will probably be icy stretches on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries from slips trips and falls."
Britain had its coldest night of the year as vast swathes of the country fell below freezing - with -13C (8.6F) recorded in Shropshire.
Clear skies overnight saw temperatures plummet below -12.4C (9.6F) on Saturday night - with the Met Office recording a new low in Shawbury, north east of Shrewsbury.
Yellow weather warnings for snow and ice are in place until 11am on Tuesday, covering vast swathes of the country, including London and the South East, much of the Midlands, Northern Ireland and Wales, as well as the eastern coast of England and parts of Scotland.
In parts of Gloucestershire, 36 homes were without power for a second night after ice and snow caused disruption across the country over the weekend.
Western Power Distribution said the outage was caused by the weather and engineers were expecting to have the power restored by 7.30am on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, dozens of schools in the South West, West Midlands and Wales will keep their gates closed for a second day following the bitterly cold conditions.
The AA said it had its busiest day of the year on Monday with around 25,000 calls from motorists - and was preparing for a deluge of calls on Tuesday.
AA president Edmund King said: "We expect Tuesday to be extremely busy as temperatures plummet overnight, causing even more hazardous conditions on already wet and slippery roads.
"All of our patrols are working hard throughout the country to help those broken down or stuck in ice and snow and we have plans in place to ensure our call operators can travel to and from work safely to answer emergency breakdown calls."
After snowy and freezing conditions brought problems to road, rail and air on Monday the threat of delays and cancellations lingers today.
At Heathrow, where dozens of flights were shelved on Monday, 16 departures are listed as cancelled for Tuesday with the airport advising passengers to check the status of their flight before travelling to the airport.
Cancellations are also reported at Birmingham, Manchester and Edinburgh airports. Airlines had previously said the re-positioning of aircraft and crews from previous days was adding to the problems.
National Rail is not reporting any major disruption to train journeys owing to the weather - but added services running to and from London Waterloo could be disrupted until 10am following a line-side fire on Monday.
Scores of schools are set to be closed for a second day as the cold weather continues to cause disruption.
All council-run schools in Birmingham were shut on Monday following the hazardous conditions, but the blanket closure is not in force for Tuesday.
Nearly 80 schools are listed as closed in Staffordshire, with many citing untreated paths and fears that snow will have compacted into ice as reasons for keeping the gates closed.
Gloucestershire, which saw around 200 schools closed on Monday, will have 80 schools closed on Tuesday, while more than 90 will be closed in neighbouring Herefordshire.
Pupils at 123 primary schools and 25 secondary schools in Shropshire will have a second day off owing to the weather, while in Wales hundreds of schools will be shut on Tuesday, with Caerphilly and Powys particularly affected.
The TUC has called on employers not to force staff to make hazardous journeys into work, saying firms in areas of the country affected by the snowy conditions should have put out advice to their staff on what they should do when snowed, ice and a lack of public transport prevents them getting in.
Policies should also cover what parents should do if schools close and they have no alternative childcare, said general secretary Frances O'Grady, adding: "It is essential that employers don't force staff to make dangerous journeys for the sake of presenteeism.
"For many employees the bad weather will have made their commute virtually impossible, but thankfully many bosses now have 'bad weather' policies so staff know what is expected of them."
JERUSALEM (AP) — Israeli leaders angrily criticized pending legislation in Poland that would outlaw blaming Poles for the crimes of the Holocaust, with some accusing the Polish government of outright denial Saturday as the world marked International Holocaust Remembrance Day.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the proposed law "baseless" and ordered his country's ambassador to Poland to meet with Polish leaders to express his strong opposition.
"One cannot change history, and the Holocaust cannot be denied," he said.
The lower house of the Polish parliament on Friday passed the bill, which prescribes prison time for using phrases such as "Polish death camps" to refer to the killing sites Nazi Germany operated in occupied Poland during World War II.
Many Poles fear such phrasing makes some people incorrectly conclude that Poles had a role in running the camps. But critics say the legislation could have a chilling effect on debating history, harming freedom of expression and opening a window to Holocaust denial.
The bill still needs approval from Poland's Senate and president. However, it marks a dramatic step by the country's current nationalist government to target anyone who tries to undermine its official stance that Poles only were heroes during the war, not Nazi collaborators who committed heinous crimes.
Netanyahu's government generally has had good relations with Poland, which has been recently voting with Israel in international organizations.
At Auschwitz on Saturday evening, Israel's ambassador to Poland, Anna Azari, abandoned a prepared speech to criticize the bill, saying that "everyone in Israel was revolted at this news."
In Israel, which was established three years after the Holocaust and is home to the world's largest community of survivors, the legislation provoked outrage.
Israeli President Reuven Rivlin, noting that exactly 73 years had passed since the Auschwitz death camp on Polish soil was liberated, cited the words of a former Polish president about how history could not be faked and the truth could not be hidden.
"The Jewish people, the State of Israel, and the entire world must ensure that the Holocaust is recognized for its horrors and atrocities," Rivlin said. "Also among the Polish people, there were those who aided the Nazis in their crimes. Every crime, every offense, must be condemned. They must be examined and revealed."
Today's Poles have been raised on stories of their people's wartime suffering and heroism. Many react viscerally when confronted with the growing body of scholarship about Polish involvement in the killing of Jews.
In a sign of the sensitivities on both sides, Yair Lapid, head of Israel's centrist Yesh Atid party and the son of a survivor, got into a heated Twitter spat Saturday with the Polish Embassy in Israel.
"I utterly condemn the new Polish law which tries to deny Polish complicity in the Holocaust. It was conceived in Germany but hundreds of thousands of Jews were murdered without ever meeting a German soldier. There were Polish death camps and no law can ever change that," Lapid wrote.
That sparked the Embassy to respond: "Your unsupportable claims show how badly Holocaust education is needed, even here in Israel."
"My grandmother was murdered in Poland by Germans and Poles," Lapid responded. "I don't need Holocaust education from you. We live with the consequences every day in our collective memory. Your embassy should offer an immediate apology."
To which the embassy retorted: "Shameless."
Israel's foreign ministry said the deputy Polish ambassador to Israel had been summoned for a clarification.
For decades, Polish society avoided discussing the killing of Jews by civilians or denied that anti-Semitism motivated the slayings, blaming all atrocities on the Germans.
A turning point was the publication in 2000 of a book, "Neighbors," by Polish-American sociologist Jan Tomasz Gross, which explored the murder of Jews by their Polish neighbors in the village of Jedwabne. The book resulted in widespread soul-searching and official state apologies.
But since the conservative and nationalistic Law and Justice party consolidated power in 2015, it has sought to stamp out discussions and research on the topic. It demonized Gross and investigated whether he had slandered Poland by asserting that Poles killed more Jews than they killed Germans during the war.
Holocaust researchers have collected ample evidence of Polish villagers who murdered Jews fleeing the Nazis. According to one scholar at Israel's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial, of the 160,000-250,000 Jews who escaped and sought help from fellow Poles, about 10 percent to 20 percent survived. The rest were rejected, informed upon or killed by rural Poles, according to the Tel Aviv University scholar, Havi Dreifuss.
At Auschwitz, however, Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki stressed the Poles who helped Jews risking their own lives, noting that some 7,000 had been recognized by Yad Vashem but suggesting that the Polish sacrifices have not been acknowledged adequately.
"Jews, Poles, and all victims should be guardians of the memory of all who were murdered by German Nazis. Auschwitz-Birkenau is not a Polish name, and Arbeit Macht Frei is not a Polish phrase," Morawiecki said later on Twitter.
Yad Vashem issued a statement Saturday night opposing the Polish legislation and trying to put into historical context the "complex truth" regarding the Polish population's attitude toward its Jews.
"There is no doubt that the term 'Polish death camps' is a historical misrepresentation," the Yad Vashem memorial said. "However, restrictions on statements by scholars and others regarding the Polish people's direct or indirect complicity with the crimes committed on their land during the Holocaust are a serious distortion."
___
Vanessa Gera contributed from Warsaw.
____
Follow Heller at www.twitter.com/aronhellerap
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A disease spread by rats has been blamed for killing one person, and sickening at least two others.
The Health Department said two patients were diagnosed in December, and one in February. Residents are upset that they are just finding out about the outbreak now, and demanded that something be done about the ongoing rat problem.
As CBS2's Tracee Carrasco reported, New York City Department of Health employees were stationed in the lobby of 750 Grand Concourse with alarming news for residents.
Within a one block radius there have been three cases of Leptospirosis — a bacterial infection most commonly spread by contact with rat urine.
A 43-year-old man was one of the infected residents.
In Spanish he told CBS2 that he feels better, but is still recovering after being treated with antibiotics.
It's unacceptable to residents who said the rat problem there has been an issue for years.
“They run from underneath your stove, your refrigerator, my apartment is very clean, but it just doesn't matter. There's just holes where they find their way in,” Florence Howard said.
The Health Department said there are typically one to three cases of Leptospirosis every year in New York City. While it is very rarely spread from person to person the illness can be serious.
The bacteria enter the body through open wounds and cuts in the skin, or through the eyes, nose, or mouth. Some people who are infected may not develop symptoms, while others may have a mild illness with fever, headache chills, muscle aches, vomiting, or diarrhea. In some cases patients may develop a life-threatening illness that affects their kidneys and liver.
It's now a scary reality for those in the building.
“Everything I wash I have to use bleach because they run around rampantly like they're part of your house,” Howard said.
Many walls and doors in the building are boarded up — which is how residents say the rats get inside. They said they've complained many times, but nothing has been done.
“There's a lack of concern about the building, there's a lack of concern with the super and the landlord,” Howard said.
The Health Department said they are trying to reduce the rat problem in the building, in the meantime they are holding a meeting for tenants of the building on Wednesday at 6:30 in the lobby.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Los Angeles Football Club has teamed with YouTube TV to air the new MLS team's English-language matches on local television.
YouTube TV will also carry all nationally televised matches on ESPN, Fox and FS1 as part of the multi-year deal announced Wednesday. The team's jersey will prominently feature a YouTube TV logo.
LAFC has a league-high 16 matches that will be broadcast nationally on ESPN, Fox, FS1 and Univision this season. Still to be announced is a local over-the-air Spanish-language broadcast outlet as well as deals with both English- and Spanish-language radio stations.
The deal is a first in North American professional sports where all locally televised matches are on a live TV streaming provider.
YouTube TV launched last April as a cable-free live TV service airing local sports and news. It costs $35 a month and is currently available in over 80 metro areas.
Firefighters responded to a motorhome fire on Hico Court off Tin Top Highway near the Parker County line Monday morning.
According to neighbors, a man lived in the motorhome but was able to escape the fire.
HONG KONG (AP) — Hong Kong police have sealed off part of a busy downtown neighborhood after an unexploded bomb was found during construction work in the Asian financial center.
A police spokesman said Wednesday explosive ordinance disposal officers have been deployed to the scene in the city's Wan Chai district.
He did not give his name, as is customary under department rules.
Police diverted traffic, while shops and offices in surrounding towers were shuttered for the rest of the day and ferry service at a nearby pier was halted.
It's the second time in less than a week that a bomb has been unearthed at the site for a cross-harbor commuter rail link.
On Sunday, police defused a 1,000-pound (454-kilogram) bomb believed to be a U.S.-made device dropped during the World War II.
ROME (AP) — Pope Francis will pay homage to victims of war when he visits two important World War II sites south of Rome next month: the American military cemetery at Nettuno and the Ardeatine Caves, site of one of the worst massacres in German-occupied Italy.
The Vatican on Friday announced that Francis would celebrate Mass at the Nettuno cemetery for all war dead on Nov. 2, which the Catholic Church marks as All Soul's Day to honor the dead.
Later in the day, Francis will travel to the Ardeatine Caves on Rome's outskirts. There, in 1944, 335 people were shot to death as a reprisal for an attack by partisans that killed 33 Nazi soldiers on a street in Rome.
Copyright AP 2017. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times EST):
9 a.m.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has called a meeting of Democratic senators to discuss the resignation of President Donald Trump's national security adviser and published reports about contacts between Trump's campaign and Moscow.
Another leading Democrat, Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin, is pressing the Democrats' case for an independent investigation. He and other Democrats say that's the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration's ties to Russia.
Republican leaders continue to refuse to consider that option and say three congressional investigations underway are enough.
Durbin tells MSNBC that it's a "graveyard" for investigations when congressional intelligence committees get involved because their work is largely done outside of public view.
___
8 a.m.
President Donald Trump appears to be faulting the Obama administration for being "too soft" on Russia, pointing to Russia's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine on President Barack Obama's watch.
He tweeted, "Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?"
In that and a series of other morning tweets Wednesday, Trump appeared to be trying to distance himself from any appearance of close ties with Russia following published reports that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and his 2016 campaign team.
Trump denounced "this Russian connection non-sense" as "merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign."
Trump's remarks come on the heels of the resignation of his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, after it was revealed that he'd reportedly discussed sanctions with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. before Trump was sworn in.
___
6:45 a.m.
President Donald Trump is renewing his attack on the "fake news media" amid the widening controversy surrounding the ouster of his national security adviser and talk of congressional investigations of purported Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election last year.
Trump posted a pre-dawn message on his verified Twitter account Wednesday complaining, "The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred." He said, "This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign."
He added in the post that "@MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!"
The latest tweet follows a pattern of social media messages that Trump has sent, chastising news organizations both during his campaign for the White House and in the more than three weeks since his inauguration.
__
6:30 a.m.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is likening President Donald Trump to Andrew Jackson, saying he's what the American people wanted when they elected him.
The Kentucky Republican tells MSNBC's "Morning Joe" that voters "wanted a different kind of president." He adds that "I like what he's doing," particularly his emphasis on lessening government regulation of business.
McConnell also said he considers Neil Gorsuch, the man Trump picked to replace the late Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court, to be "the single best circuit court judge in the nation."
He did disagree with Trump, who has asserted that millions of illegal votes in the election caused him to lose the popular vote to Democrat Hillary Clinton. "There is voter fraud in the country," McConnell said. "But there is no evidence that there was significant enough vote fraud to affect the outcome of the election."
"I'm more interested in what he's doing than what he's tweeting," McConnell said.
__
3:15 a.m.
Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about his telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign his ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Apparently, it's never too early to launch a strike in the Los Angeles Lakers' Troll Wars. On Monday, ahead of a game against the Indiana Pacers at Bankers Life Fieldhouse, rookie Kyle Kuzma stretched the boundaries of battle into breakfast.
Kuz hopped on Instagram to capture Zo using a napkin as a plate, while the 20-year-old point guard used a proper plate to eat his bacon and eggs.
“This dude ain't got no house manners,” Kuzma lamented.
The Crown Prince of Chino Hills protested, going so far as to bang on his plate to prove Kuzma wrong. Kyle, meanwhile, kept trying to show Lonzo that he should grab another for his waffle.
“Yo, what is wrong with you?” Kuz wondered. “This dude is, you're sick”
With 47 NBA games under his belt, Ball is now a Rookie In Name Only. But as far as his table manners are concerned, the kid still has a lot to learn.
After the spectacular win of U19 Indian cricket team, the entire country is busy celebrating the remarkable day. By beating Australia at the Bay Oval stadium in New Zealand by 8 wickets, India clinched the world cup for the 4th time. Here are some videos that have surfaced online, where the family and friends of Under-19 players are celebrating the win of India.
Manjot Kalra, the Indian all-rounder, was the man behind India's victory. Kalra's unbeaten 101 runs off 102 balls helped him become the Man of the Match
Soon after the U19 Indian cricket team lifted the World cup, the smiles were back on the faces of every citizen of the country. By beating Australia at the Bay Oval stadium in New Zealand by 8 wickets, India clinched the world cup for the 4th time. Manjot Kalra, the Indian all-rounder, was the man behind India's victory. Kalra's unbeaten 101 runs off 102 balls helped him become the Man of the Match. Meanwhile, Indian batsman Shubman Gill from Punjab was chosen as the Player of the Tournament who scored 31 runs in 30 balls in the final match.
After the victory, the families of the players are busy celebrating. Recently, the videos coming from Under 19 player Shubman Gill's home, where his family and relatives are busy celebrating. Shubhman Gill comes from Fazilka, Punjab where his family was seen feeling proud after their son's victory. In his remarkable batting, he scored 31 runs in 30 balls with a strike rate of 103. The entire family was very happy with their son's victory and was dancing to display their happiness. Watch the videos of celebrations here:
As the U19 Indian team lifted the World Cup, wishes started to pour in from all the corners of the world. People went crazy on Twitter celebrating India's win against Australia. Cricketers like Sachin Tendulkar, Virender Sehwag, Yuzvendra Chahal along with other celebrities and common folks have come together to wish the team and coach Rahul Dravid on the spectacular win. Joining the chorus here was master blaster Sachin Tendulkar. Tendulkar congratulated the team India and appreciated Rahul Dravid's hard work
WITH GREAT TEAM WORK, BIG DREAMS WORK. Congratulations to our WORLD CHAMPIONS!! We are proud of you. A big congratulation to Rahul and Paras for their guidance. #ICCU19CWC #INDvAUS pic.twitter.com/w0heorY8g6 — Sachin Tendulkar (@sachin_rt) February 3, 2018
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
A woman is warning about grill brush bristles after one of them impaled her tongue.Marlene Scrivani says she knew something was wrong the minute she bit into a burger she grilled."It felt like a sharp piece of glass pierced my tongue," she said.It turns out, a bristle got stuck to her burger and then in her tongue -- deep in the back of her mouth.She had three surgeries to remove the tiny wire."The first surgery, they manipulated my mouth and tongue for four hours, so it's left me with ulcers and no feeling in my tongue," Scrivani explained.Scrivani said she may need a fourth surgery in six weeks once the swelling goes down.There are alternatives to metal brushes. Doctors recommend using a Brillo pad, a stone or bristle-less brush to clean the grill before you cook.
MIAMI (AP) — James Johnson scored a career-high 31 points, Kelly Olynyk added 30 off the bench and the Miami Heat set a franchise single-game scoring record by beating the Denver Nuggets 149-141 in double overtime Monday night.
Miami's total was also an NBA season-high and helped the Heat get back to the No. 7 spot in the Eastern Conference standings. Houston and Oklahoma City each scored 148 in games earlier this season.
Wayne Ellington scored 29 points for the Heat. Nikola Jokic had 34 for Denver, while Wilson Chandler added 26 for the Nuggets.
"That was as playoffs as it comes right there," Olynyk said.
The NBA's stat system crashed late in the first overtime, and crews were scrambling to determine the final numbers long after the buzzer. All that ultimately mattered was the score — one that moved the Heat closer to a playoff berth and left the Nuggets two games back in the Western Conference race.
Neither team was at full strength. For Miami, Dwyane Wade (left hamstring strain) missed his fourth consecutive game, and Hassan Whiteside (left hip pain) sat out his fifth straight contest. Denver was without leading scorer Gary Harris, sidelined again by a strained right knee that could keep him out several more days.
Denver led 16-5 after 3 1/2 minutes, and that was the only double-digit lead by either side for about the next three hours. It was airtight until the very final moments, almost to an absurd degree.
After one quarter, Denver led by one.
Halftime, Miami led by one.
After three, Miami still by one.
After regulation, tied.
After one overtime, still tied.
Back and forth they went all night, two teams who played a one-point game at Denver back in November — that one not being decided until Dion Waiters' missed jumper as time expired sealed the Nuggets' win — and now are fighting with playoffs in mind. The Heat are essentially playing for a seed; the Nuggets are playing for a berth.
Denver led by six midway through the fourth before Miami used a 10-2 run to reclaim the lead. Nikola Jokic tied it for Denver with 10 seconds left in regulation, Josh Richardson missed for Miami at the end and to overtime they went tied at 118. The Heat thought they merited a trip to the line when Johnson missed at the end of the first overtime, but no whistle came.
So in the second overtime, they seized control and outscored the Nuggets 18-10 in the final five minutes. Wayne Ellington rattled in a 3-pointer to start the second extra session, and the Heat didn't trail again.
TIP-INS
Nuggets: Including the franchise's ABA days, all 28 previous Nuggets teams to finish .500 or better made the playoffs. ... Denver fell to 19-5 in games where it scores at least 115 points. The Nuggets are now 17-30 when allowing more than 105.
Heat: It was the highest-scoring first four quarters of an overtime game in Heat history. The previous before-OT high was 115 at Golden State on Dec. 1, 2008. ... A pregame moment of silence was held for the six victims of last week's bridge collapse near Florida International University. ... The previous scoring record was 141 points, done twice.
NEVER FORGET
The Heat continue paying tributes to the 17 victims of the shooting last month at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High in Parkland, Florida. Heat coach Erik Spoelstra and several players spent their day off Sunday at the Parkland Rec League Basketball Championship, honoring the lives of victims Joaquin Oliver, Luke Hoyer and Alex Schacter by announcing scholarships in their names — as well as a $500,000 donation.
ROAD TRIP
This seven-game trip for the Nuggets is their longest since a seven-gamer in the 2011-12 season. As if a late-season two-week trip wasn't tough enough, Denver's remaining schedule is brutal; after visiting Chicago on Wednesday, the Nuggets will have 10 games left — all against teams currently in the playoff mix.
TOURNEY TIME
There's serious NCAA talk in the Heat locker room, with many players seeing their schools in the Sweet 16. The Heat-backed teams — Kentucky (Bam Adebayo), Duke (Justise Winslow), Nevada (Luke Babbitt), Kansas State (Rodney McGruder), Gonzaga (Kelly Olynyk), Syracuse (Dion Waiters) and Michigan (Derrick Walton Jr.).
UP NEXT
Nuggets: Visit Chicago on Wednesday.
Heat: Host New York on Wednesday.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
MEDFORD, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — Three people were killed and four more were injured late Monday in a crash in Medford, Long Island.
Among the injured were two boys ages 1 and 11.
Suffolk County police said Dominick Lopez, 20, of Shirley, was driving his 1995 red Honda Civic on Station Road south of Sills Road around 4:25 p.m. when he crossed the double yellow line and collided with a northbound 2016 Nissan Pathfinder.
Lopez and his passenger, Derek Buffa, 23, of Mastic Beach, were ejected from the vehicle and both were pronounced dead at the scene, police said.
A rear-seat passenger in the Nissan – Aida Cardenas, 67, of Selden – was taken to Brookhaven Memorial Medical Center in East Patchogue where she was pronounced dead, police said.
The driver of the Pathfinder, a 41-year-old man, and his 33-year-old wife – both of Bellport – were taken to Brookhaven Memorial and were treated for non-life-threatening injuries, police said.
The couple's 1-year-old son, a rear passenger in the Pathfinder, was taken by ambulance to Stony Brook University Hospital in Stony Brook. Their 11-year-old son, also in the back of the Pathfinder, was taken by helicopter to Stony Brook, police said.
The boys were both treated for non-life-threatening injuries, police said.
SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio family has given 30 student-athletes free heart screenings in honor of their son who died from an undiagnosed heart condition after hockey practice.
Cleveland.com reports the 4Alec Foundation was named after Alec Kornet and hosted screenings for athletes from Brush High School's hockey and basketball teams. Each student underwent an electrocardiogram and an echocardiogram, known as a cardiac echo.
Funding for the screenings was covered by donations from Brush's student government association and mCore, a Columbus company that set up the screenings.
Alec played hockey and basketball at the Lyndhurst school before his death last Feb. 14. His mother, Stephanie Kornet, says the family plans to extend screenings to all student-athletes at the school.
___
Information from: cleveland.com, http://www.cleveland.com
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – A research team from Taipei City University of Science and Technology won one gold award and three special prizes for their smart baby carrier at a trade show in Goyang, South Korea from June 27-July 1, reported CNA.
The smart baby carrier has self-regulated heating, sensors to ensure the baby is strapped in safely and Bluetooth functionality to help caregivers take better care of the child.
The research team attended the Korea International Women's Invention Exposition 2018 and walked away with multiple awards.
The successful research team is an interdisciplinary group of computer scientists and communications engineers, and was comprised of both students and teachers.
Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer and Communication Engineering, Taipei City University of Science and Technology Tsai Yao-pin (蔡耀斌) said baby carriers are a very important product and none available to buy have heating capability.
This gap in the market led the research team to develop their award winning invention, Tsai said.
Research team member and third year student Chen Wei-hung (陳威宏) said the team added a warming pouch to keep the baby's bottle warm at about 45 degrees Celsius.
An infant is unlikely to drink cold milk, he added.
The baby carrier has Bluetooth functionality, allowing it to link to a smart phone to display temperature information to help caregivers to take better care of child, Chen said.
Tsai said that most parents fret about whether the baby carrier is buckled and fastened correctly. In response, their invention had a sensor installed which illuminates if the baby carrier is fastened incorrectly.
The research team is currently in discussions with manufacturers from Hong Kong and Taiwan about bringing the award-winning invention to market.
Scores and stats for the Orange County games on Tuesday, April 24.
BASEBALLGARDEN GROVE LEAGUELos Amigos 3, Bolsa Grande 2LA: Sanchez (W 7IP 8H 2R 1ER 0BB 3K). BG: Sandoval 2-3 RBI (4IP 2H 2R 1ER 4BB 0K), Alegria 2-3 R, Young 1-3 2B RBINote: LA had just 3 hits but scored the winning run in the bottom of the 6th on a walk, passed ball and two wild pitches.
ORANGE COAST LEAGUE Calvary Chapel 6, Costa Mesa 0CC: Axtell (W 7IP 5H 0R 0BB 15K), Pierce 2-3 2RBI, Johnson 2-3 RBI. CM: Welsher 2-3, Mitchell 1-2 2B, Manning (L 6IP 9H 6R 1ER 1BB 4K)
ACADEMY LEAGUESage Hill 15, Brethren Christian 1 (6 innings)SH: Ho 3-3 2 2B 4RBI, King 2-5 3RBI, Chona 3-4 2RBI (W 5IP 1H 1R 0ER 1BB 10K)Note: SH broke up a 3-1 game with 5 runs in the fifth inning and 7 in the 6th.
SOFTBALLFREEWAY LEAGUESonora 1, Troy 0Troy: Castellon (L 6IP 7H 1ER 2BB 3K), Sharma 2-3
EMPIRE LEAGUEKennedy 4, Valencia 0Ken: Guerrero ( W 7IP 7H 0R 0BB 6K), Ferguson 2-3 3B 2RBI, Gallardo 2-3
SUNSET LEAGUEHuntington Beach 18, Newport Harbor 0 (5 innings)
We've all know how one rotten apple can spoil a barrel full of apples, but can one person acting with a heart for giving, spread goodness in the world? Most would like to think that goodness can be catching and spread to others by doing these acts of giving and showing them that all you have to do it take action of it to start spreading. It doesn't take extraordinary heroics to trigger it. A simple human kindness, a teen stopping to shovel an elderly woman's walk; someone helping a blind person cross the street; a community rallying behind a family in need, can be enough to open our hearts and inspire us to help others. So when one local starting a trend that gives food back to those in need, he had always hoped it would catch on in his community, never did he think that it would take of a hold of people even further.
It all started when local Eric Escamilla created one blessing box here in town. Soon, Big Spring went from one box to 13 blessing boxes in less than a month.
"It's one thing for me to go out and do something but when people come together and people help people, good things happen," said Escamilla.
For the full story, please see Monday's edition of the Herald.
Forecast By: Shane Goebel
Summer is finally here. The weather is beautiful, the water is warmer, and the fish are going crazy. It's the perfect time to hit the lake and catch some amazing fish! What's the best way to do that? By booking a trip with North Georgia's #1 striper guide service: Big Ol' Fish Guiding Service.
Lake Nottely is unbelievable for summer striper fishing. There's nothing like starting your day off with an explosion of stripers slamming all your rods. It's not uncommon for us to boat 20-40 fish per trip out here on this serene North Georgia lake.
Currently, Lake Nottely is at full pool. Water clarity is clear and slightly stained in the backs of creeks, and water temps are in the mid to upper 70s.
Striper fishing remains excellent. The early-morning and evening bites are your best times to see action. In the earl-morning hours, we are still pulling planer boards and free lines with live blueback herring. Keep your free lines 100-150 feet behind the boat, and stagger your baits behind the boards. As the sun comes up in the later morning hours, start to focus on deeper water. Switch to downlines and add a little split shot to your free lines. Target creek mouths and points off the main channel. As the topwater bite has also been excellent, keep a Spook or a RedFin at the ready to snag those surface-busting fish. By mid-month, these fish will really start to school up, and we'll switch to all an all downline bite. Just remember to keep an eye on your electronics and watch for schools of stripers. Also remember to try to get the fish back into the water as quick as possible.
June is a fantastic month for catching some monster stripers this North Georgia lake. Give Big Ol' Fish Guiding Service a call and let the area's #1 rated guide service put you on some of Lake Nottely's best trophy fish during the fishing trip of a lifetime. We are Blairsville, GA's only full-time guide service, specializing in striped and hybrid bass. We also serve Lake Chatuge, Lake Hiwassee and Lake Blue Ridge. For all your live bait and tackle needs, check out Hughes General Store in Blairsville, GA. They carry everything you need for a successful day of fishing and the best live herring around. So, come fish with the pros for the opportunity to be featured in The Angler Magazine. Let us help you get your fish on!
Arlene Lillian Hawley, 72, beloved wife, mother, and grandmother, passed away Sunday, April 22, 2018.
Arlene was born August 22, 1945 in Chicago, Illinois to the late Sheldon and Marion Boike. She married the love of her life, Jack C. Hawley, on October 28, 1967 and they had many happy years together. Arlene had a career as an escrow agent, however her main passion was her church, Christ Lutheran Church. She was very active and participated in numerous groups, including Bible Study and Women's Ministry. She enjoyed her life as a military wife and loved spending time with her family. She will be greatly missed by all who knew her.
She was preceded in death by her husband of 47 years, Jack C. Hawley.
She is survived by sons, Craig Hawley and Curtis Hawley and wife, Krista; grandchildren, Cristina Hawley, Grayson Hawley, Gracee Hawley, and Gralyn Hawley; sister, Marlene Bauer and husband, Larry; brother-in-law, Keith Hawley and wife, Kathie; niece, Wendy Piersall; nephews, Todd Bauer, Scott Hawley, and Trevor Hawley; and extended family and a loving church family.
Services were scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Monday, April 30, at Christ Lutheran Church, 4409 Sycamore School Rd., Fort Worth, 76133. Interment was scheduled for 1 p.m. Monday, April 30, at Dallas-Fort Worth National Cemetery. Visitation was scheduled 9-10:30 a.m. Monday, April at Christ Lutheran Church.
Memorials: In lieu of flowers, please make donations to Christ Lutheran Church, 4409 Sycamore School Rd., Fort Worth, 76133.
Services in care of White's Funeral Home, Weatherford.
The Community News
April 27, 2018
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Vix Lowthion from the IW Green Party shares details of this upcoming event. Ed
Islanders are to join in with a UK wide day of action to celebrate the contribution of migrants in our communities.
Scheduled to coincide with the UN World Day of Social Justice, on Monday 20th February residents across the UK will join together in a variety of activities from wearing badges, holding meals, parties and even silences.
Island gathering
On the Island, a group are gathering in St Thomas Sq from 12.30-2pm ready for the nationwide unifying action at 1pm.
Bring voices, placards, snacks and songs to celebrate how our lives are enriched by our diversity and our friendship.
For more information, see the One Day Without Us Website
Location map
View the location of this story.
The Latest on the Syria conflict (all times local):
10 p.m.
An activist group documenting war crimes in Syria has published a database of suspected chemical attacks there since 2012.
The Syrian Archive, which works with human rights groups such as Amnesty International, has been collecting videos, images and other data from chemical weapons attacks for four years.
The group said Tuesday it has verified 861 videos from 193 sources covering some 212 attacks in Syria. Much of the material was collected from social media.
Hadi al-Khatib, the group's co-founder, told an audience in Berlin the activists want to ensure the material isn't lost and that it can be used to prosecute those responsible for the crimes.
President Bashar Assad's government has denied widespread allegations of using chemical weapons against its own people, most recently in the town of Douma, near Damascus.
———
4:15 p.m.
Syrian state TV says members of the Islamic State group have shelled a government-held area in southern Damascus killing at least four people.
Tuesday's shelling came as government forces intensified their offensive against IS fighters holed up in an area south of the capital including a Palestinian refugee camp.
The TV said IS fighters in the neighborhood Hajar al-Asward fired a shell on the nearby government-held neighborhood of Nahr Aisha killing four people and wounding 15.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the shelling of Nahr Aisha killed five and wounded 17.
———
3:45 p.m.
A U.N. official says international efforts to rebuild Syria once the civil war is over should center on agriculture to jumpstart the economy and quickly improve the livelihoods of the people.
The senior official in the Food and Agriculture Organization said that in case of a return to peace the impact of providing funds for farming would yield almost immediate results.
FAO's Deputy Director General Daniel Gustafson said in an interview with The Associated Press ahead of an international Syria donors conference that "if you invest in that, you are going to get a quick return."
Even after seven years of war, farming still accounts for about a quarter of Syria's Gross Domestic Product.
———
3:30 p.m.
U.N. Syria envoy Staffan De Mistura is warning that the northern rebel-held province of Idlib could become the conflict-ravaged country's newest humanitarian crisis area, as international donors gather in Brussels to drum up emergency support.
De Mistura said Tuesday that "Idlib is the big new challenge — 2.5 million people."
He told reporters that "there are women, children, civilians, and this is looming up there."
De Mistura hopes the two-day donor conference "will be an occasion for also making sure that Idlib doesn't become the new Aleppo, the new eastern Ghouta, because the dimensions are completely different."
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says 177,000 people have fled combat in eastern Ghouta since February. The rest — including about 12,000 fighters — relocated to Idlib.
———
12:45 p.m.
Syrian state TV is reporting that government forces have launched a new operation targeting underground tunnels used by the Islamic State group in the capital, Damascus.
The TV says the aim of the operation is to destroy dug-out trenches and tunnels in the Hajar al-Aswad neighborhood and the nearby Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk that is also mostly controlled by IS.
A group of journalists taken on Tuesday to the adjacent neighborhood of Qadam witnessed intense shelling and airstrikes on IS positons in the camp and Hajar al-Aswad.
The area in southern Damascus is the last part of the capital not controlled by President Bashar Assad's forces. Other insurgents in the area, including an al-Qaida-linked group, have said they would relocate to rebel-held regions in northern Syria.
iStockphoto
On Five Apps, we've talked about getting on the road before, both for travel and for work. But with the holidays on the way, Americans will be getting on the road for the longest trip they take all year behind the wheel. So, in a bit of a change of pace, we're helping you put together an app toolkit to find your way, keep from getting stranded, solve problems if you do, and keep the Christmas spirit all the way to wherever you may celebrate.
Navigation
Recommended Apps: Google Maps and Waze
When you're on the road, it helps to have a map and to know traffic. So if you're stuck traveling to a new place, do yourself a favor and download the offline version of a map of the area on Google Maps, and use Waze to navigate unfamiliar traffic patterns.
Fuel
The city also looks beautiful covered in #snow .. and so do I .. #NewYork #Manhattan #CentralPark #ChristmasTrip A post shared by Emil Schaarup (@emil_schaarup) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:48am PST
Recommended App: Gas Buddy
Gas prices are always rough in the winter, and your heater will eat through more fossil fuels than you'd prefer. So, use Gas Buddy to track prices and find stations, so you get gassed up and never wind up stranded.
Food
Recommended Apps: Yelp and Trip
Yelp will help you find a nice restaurant in the strange new city your family insisted on going to for the holidays, while Trip will help you track down food on the road or near your hotel.
Yesterday, your desk was piled with paperwork.
But not today. Nope, you delegated most of it to your team, along with a list of things that absolutely had to be done ASAP. So the paperwork pile has been dispersed and you're feeling so much better now — and in the new book "Organize Your Team Today" by Dr. Jason Selk and Tom Bartow with Matthew Rudy, you'll see that this was the worst thing you could've done.
It's an age-old business question: How can you get the best performance from your employees? The answer, say the authors, is counterintuitive: ask for less.
If you take away nothing else from this book, remember that its most important point comes from science: Channel capacity, which describes the brain's ability to "hold only three things in 'working memory' at one time," is a biological fact. By giving your employees a pile of paper and mandates, you overload their capacities for productivity.
"Great leaders," the authors say, "don't pile on."
Okay, so you back off on the tasks — although you're disappointed. There's the second important point: Manage your expectations, which creates trust, fosters dialogue among your employees and builds relationships. Without relationships, your team "cannot work together effectively."
Recommended Stories For You
Guide your employees, but don't direct them. Allow self-evaluation; they'll learn better, and self-corrections last longer. Start with the positive — ask them to write down three things they did well yesterday and teach them how to avoid PCT, or "problem-centric thought." Train them "to focus on those things (done) well," making it more likely that they'll "feel better and take more positive action."
Don't quash disagreement — foster it, in fact, so you get a variety of viewpoints — but teach your team to disagree agreeably. Don't interrupt: it shows a lack of respect. And finally, "Attack, always attack." Hammer home that which you choose to implement and do it daily with your employees — even if for just a few minutes.
So another mega-business is closing its stores. They were at the top of the food chain once, which makes you wonder what to do to ensure that doesn't happen to your business. "Organize Your Team Today" will get you started.
First, though, there's no getting around the irony here: This book advocates sticking to one single mandate at a time, but it contains nine chapters. Although authors Selk, Bartow and Rudy have a 3/1 rule that they further explain here, they address any numbers issue by recommending that readers use their book as a tool kit of sorts, and pick just one thing to highlight.
Even so, that won't be easy. There's a lot packed into each chapter of this book, and if managers only utilize end-of-chapter takeaway pages (with three items!), they won't get full benefit here and that's not optimal.
Rather than use shortcuts, instead heed how you use this book. What's inside makes total sense, so it can surely help and your employees may thank you. Read "Organize Your Team Today" and you may also pile praise on it.
Terri Schlichenmeyer is the reviewer behind "The Bookworm Sez," a self-syndicated book review column published in more than 260 newspapers and magazines in the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean. She can be reached for feedback at http://www.bookwormsez.com.
Terrorists fire rocket at Shaar Hanegev region, disturbing calm of the Sabbath. No injuries or damages.
The calm of the Sabbath was disturbed in southern Israel on Friday night and replaced by the “Red Alert” siren which warns of a rocket attack in Gaza.
The siren was heard at approximately 9:30 p.m. in the Shaar Hanegev Regional Council.
The IDF later confirmed that Gaza terrorists had fired a rocket towards the region. The rocket exploded in an open region, causing no physical injuries or damages.
Friday's attack marks the second time in less than 24 hours that terrorists have fired a rocket towards communities in southern Israel.
At around 11:30 p.m. on Thursday evening, terrorists from Gaza fired a rocket toward Israeli territory.
The rocket exploded near the border fence. There were no reports of physical injuries or damages. No siren was sounded in Gaza Belt communities.
The IAF later retaliated by attacking an observation post belonging to Hamas in northern Gaza.
Also on Thursday, Earlier on Thursday, four armed Arab terrorists were captured after they crossed into Israel from Hamas-ruled Gaza.
Israeli security personnel nabbed the four terrorists after they managed to penetrate the security fence along the Israel-Gaza border.
After the four terrorists were captured, Israeli forces found the four were carrying two knives and a grenade. The suspects have been transferred for interrogation.
On Monday night, the “Red Alert” incoming rocket siren was sounded in the Shaar Hanegev and Sdot Negev Regional Councils of southern Israel.
While initial reports indicated that a rocket fired from Gaza exploded in an open area in southern Israel, the IDF later said it was unable to determine whether any rockets had been fired towards Israeli territory.
(Arutz Sheva's North American desk is keeping you updated until the start of Shabbat in New York. The time posted automatically on all Arutz Sheva articles, however, is Israeli time.)
Despite his side winning eight games in a row, Leighton Town boss Scott Reynolds feels his side ‘haven't been spectacular' in recent weeks.
Town haven't lost a game since their 3-1 defeat at home to Edgware Town at the end of September, and their run has seen then reach the third round of the FA Vase and climb to fifth in SSML Premier Division.
While they have won eight straight, the last four have been by a single goal, and though Reynolds is happy with his side's run, he feels there is plenty of room for improvement.
“Things have been really good in the last few weeks,” he said. “Eight wins in a row is excellent.
“We've been doing enough to get ourselves over the line, we haven't been spectacular in recent games, but we've been deserved winners.
“We've scored more goals than the opposition while defending really well and working hard for each other.
“We're found a way to win, and long may that continue.”
Reynolds will be without top scorer Lorrell Smith for around a month after the striker suffered a fractured foot, and without his goals, the manager admitted his side are working at being more clinical on the training ground .
And with his side carrying a lot of momentum at the moment, Reynolds thinks a team is due a hammering at the hands of his side any time soon.
He said: “We're trying to turn possession into goals, and I know that sounds basic, but we're just not killing teams off and burying the chances we're creating.
“I think someone is due a real hammering from us really soon.
“The lads' commitment in training has been excellent since pre-season.
“Lorrell has fractured his foot and will probably be out for another four weeks.
“A few others are carrying little niggles and knocks, but that's the physical demands of non-league football.
“Every game has been tough, pitches are getting heavier too.
“We're lucky we've got a big squad and strength in depth which has helped us get wins against really good teams.”
LAS VEGAS — Don Cherry put NHL commissioner Gary Bettman on the spot about expanding the league back into Quebec City.
Cherry and co-host Ron McLean were speaking during their Coach's Corner segment on Wednesday night during the first intermission of Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final between the Washington Capitals and the expansion Vegas Golden Knights. Bettman was standing nearby and the Hockey Night in Canada commentators invited him to step in front of the camera.
"Gary, what I have to say to you here is: Quebec is unbelievable to me," said Cherry. "There's never been a rivalry in hockey or any sport like Quebec and Montreal. I think they've been very good, they've been keeping their mouths shut. They have not been saying a word."
The Quebec Nordiques entered the NHL in 1979 as part of the World Hockey Association's merger with the league. After struggling through their first season in the NHL, the Nordiques improved and began a fierce rivalry with the Montreal Canadiens. In 1995 the team relocated to Denver and became the Colorado Avalanche.
In 2015 a bid was made for Quebec City to earn a new expansion team. Buoyed by the completion of the Videotron Centre that year, the Quebec City bid was deferred until a later date. The 18,259-seat arena has hosted several pre-season NHL games.
"They had 18,000 people in there, they have a brand-new building, they're ready to go, I think it's fantastic," said Cherry before McLean coaxed Bettman in front of the camera. "What do you say? I think they deserve it. They really do."
Addressing Bettman, McLean explained that although Cherry supported expansion into Quebec, Boston Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs had recently voiced his misgivings about a team in Quebec City.
"A lot of issues, logistical and otherwise," said Bettman in response to McLean. "Mr. Jacobs expressed an opinion of some skepticism, but we're not in a process right now and he has one vote."
Cherry re-stated his case for a return to Quebec City in reply before Bettman leaned over to McLean and said "I think (Cherry) his popularity just went up in Quebec."
By The Canadian Press
A prominent white nationalist website that promoted a Virginia rally that ended in deadly violence Saturday is losing its internet domain host.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated GoDaddy's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race tells the New York Daily News that the Daily Stormer violated its terms of service by labeling a woman killed in an attack at the event in Charlottesville "fat" and "childless." Heather Heyer was killed Saturday when police say a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down.
SANTA CLARA, Calif. — The San Francisco 49ers are easing linebacker Reuben Foster back into the system after he missed the start of the off-season program while dealing with a domestic violence case that was eventually dropped.
Foster was not allowed to participate in the off-season program until a judge ruled last week that he wouldn't have to stand trial on domestic violence charges. The judge determined there was no evidence that Foster ever hit his ex-girlfriend.
Foster rejoined the Niners last Thursday but has been held out of team drills as he gets back into form after missing more than five weeks of the off-season program while waiting for his case to be resolved.
He took part in individual drills during organized team activities but spent the time during team drills doing conditioning or watching teammates.
"Getting him up to speed won't take as long," defensive co-ordinator Robert Saleh said. "I can promise you that when he gets out there, he'll be like a fireball. It will be cool to see."
Foster had a trying off-season following an arrest in February on charges of beating up his girlfriend. He was charged in April with felony domestic violence, forcefully attempting to dissuade a witness and felony possession of an assault weapon.
That led to the decision by the 49ers to keep him away from the off-season program and general manager John Lynch said Foster would be cut if it was proven he hit his girlfriend.
But the case quickly fell apart. The accuser, Elissa Ennis, recanted her accusations two days after telling police she was hit in the head eight to 10 times by Foster. She testified at a preliminary hearing earlier this month that the injuries were caused by a fight with another woman and she gave prosecutors video of that fight. She said she lied initially because she wanted retribution after Foster tried to end their relationship.
Judge Nona Klippen said recantations aren't uncommon in domestic violence cases but said there was no supporting evidence in this case that Foster had attacked Ennis and dropped the domestic violence charges. Foster still faces a misdemeanour weapons charge for having a Sig Sauer 516 short-barrelled rifle in his home that was legally registered in Alabama.
Foster also had a misdemeanour marijuana case dismissed in Alabama this month when he completed a pretrial diversion program.
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — Dustin Johnson wrapped up his final day practice round for the U.S. Open just as the sky began to rumble and the horn sounded to stop play at Erin Hills.
The timing couldn't have been better for the world's No. 1 player, as it has been the past two weeks.
As much as he hates missing cuts, the Memorial two weeks ago was a good time for Johnson to have a weekend off. It allowed him to spend two days in Wisconsin getting to know the longest course in U.S. Open history, realizing that he would be a late arrival to Erin Hills because of some important family matters.
River Jones Johnson, his second son, was born on Monday.
He finds out Thursday whether his game is in shape for Johnson to become the first back-to-back U.S. Open champion in 28 years, but his mood couldn't be better. About the only thing to fear, outside of the thick fescue that frames the fairways at Erin Hills, is the house where he is staying.
It has a double-spiral staircase.
"I sit down when I go down the stairs now," Johnson said with a smile. "I slide down on my butt."
Stairs were the only thing that could stop him earlier this year. A winner of three straight tournaments — against the strongest fields of the year — Johnson slipped in his socks going downstairs to move his car in the rain on the eve of the Masters and bruised his back so badly that he had to withdraw the next day.
He hasn't won in four starts since then, and his game hasn't looked as sharp as it once did. He concedes he lost some momentum.
Even so, he is the betting favorite at the 117th U.S. Open on a course that would appear to suit his game perfectly, especially with more rain Wednesday afternoon and a forecast for occasional storms on Friday and Saturday. The greens are soft enough that Johnson is getting yardages to the hole, knowing his shots won't bounce away too far.
"I hope they play it all the way back on every hole," he said. "Why not? It's going to be soft. I hope it's windy. I hope it's long, but it doesn't matter."
Johnson isn't one to feel much pressure — he doesn't show much, anyway — even playing his first major as the No. 1 player in the world.
If anything, the pressure is on the USGA in how they set up the golf course, and the meteorologist to give an accurate forecast of the wind. There are a few holes at Erin Hills where if the tees are all the way back and the wind shifts into the players, some won't be able to reach the fairway or will face blind shots.
"It's nerve-wracking, honestly, more than most Open sites," USGA executive director Mike Davis said.
Johnson isn't the only long hitter whom Erin Hills favors. Rory McIlroy, who crushed U.S. Open scoring records on a rain-softened course at Congressional in 2011, was delighted to feel the soft turf under his feet.
Jason Day is starting to turn his game around, finally. Along with his power, Day is an expert with the short game, which should come in handy around the greens that feature shaved slopes instead of dense rough.
Johnson, however, is such an intimidating figure that even Curtis Strange is a little nervous.
Strange, who now works for Fox Sports as the on-course analyst, won the 1989 U.S. Open at Oak Hill to become the first player since Ben Hogan (1950-51) to win the U.S. Open in consecutive years. "Move over, Ben," Strange famously said after his second title.
"I've got to tell you, it's tailor-made for Dustin Johnson," Strange said after his first look at the course.
The Masters (three times) and the PGA Championship in stroke play (twice, by Tiger Woods) have fewer back-to-back winners than the U.S. Open, but it's the major that has gone the longest without a repeat winner.
The closest call for Strange was in 2005 when defending champion Retief Goosen had a three-shot lead at Pinehurst No. 2. He shot 81 in the final round. Four-time champion Jack Nicklaus never went back-to-back. Neither did Woods.
"You've got to be lucky, have it be the right time," Strange said. "Dustin is more dominant than anybody who has ever done it back-to-back because of his length and the whole bit. But you still have to do it."
Johnson starts out Thursday morning with the last two U.S. Open champions, Martin Kaymer and Jordan Spieth. It's a comfortable group, especially with Spieth, a close friend, his partner from the Presidents Cup and his regular pro partner in recent years at the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am.
Plus, he has the personality for the U.S. Open. It's a mental test, and Johnson's brain is not very cluttered. Paulina Gretzky gave birth to their second child on Monday in Los Angeles. He flew to Wisconsin on Tuesday and got in 18 holes. He played nine holes Wednesday.
Asked how he handled the range of emotions for such a whirlwind week, Johnson shrugged.
"You just do it," he said. "I wish I had an explanation on how I do it, but I don't. ... But now I've got to play golf. This is why I'm here. I'm here to play golf. I'm here to compete."
Suspect Arcan Cetin appears for his arraignment on murder charges in the killing of five people, in Mt. Vernon, Washington, U.S., September 26, 2016. REUTERS/Karen Ducey
By Tom James
SEATTLE (Reuters) - The gunman accused of killing five people during a shooting rampage last year inside a Washington state shopping mall has been found dead in his jail cell, a local official said on Monday.
Arcan Cetin, who was being held on five counts of aggravated murder, was found hanging in his cell at the Snohomish County jail on Sunday night, according to Rosemary Kaholokula, a prosecutor with the Skagit County prosecutor's office.
He had been evaluated by doctors at Western State psychiatric hospital and the results of the mental competency exam were expected at a hearing next week, she said.
Cetin, 20, a Turkish-born legal U.S. resident, confessed to police investigators that he had brought a .22-caliber rifle into a department store at the Cascade Mall in Burlington, Washington, on Sept. 23, 2016, and shot five people.
Law enforcement officials said after the shooting that they had found no evidence linking Cetin to any known Islamist militant groups or individuals.
Cetin had been facing the death penalty, although Washington's governor announced a moratorium on executions in the state in 2014.
Related Video:
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
(Reporting by Tom James; Editing by Patrick Enright and Bill Rigby)
"The new law, if implemented, would make us consider cancelling all our activities in Serbia," read a letter by Phillip Haussmann, head of German publishing giant Klett, that was sent to Serbia's then-prime minister and now president, Aleksandar Vucic, in 2015. The letter was arguing against legislation to reform Serbia's costly textbook system.
Haussmann argued that if Klett were to leave Serbia, hundreds of jobs would be lost, which would send a bad signal to other investors. He also reminded Vucic of an earlier conversation that he supposedly had in Stuttgart, in which the Serbian leader is said to have promised to amend the law.
Read more: Balkan's medical system gripped by endemic corruption
At the time, then-Education Minister Srdjan Verbic put forth legislation to allow teachers to pick their textbooks every four years instead of every year. He also wanted to introduce fixed prices. In addition to that, Verbic wanted to put an end to the practice of publishers — Klett most of all — trying to win over teachers with expensive gifts and trips. It wasn't unusual to influence educators by giving them a tablet "for schoolwork" or to invite them to textbook presentations in exotic locales.
Klett is believed to account for roughly half of the €50 million ($58 million) worth of textbooks sold in Serbia every year, largely because it has been acquiring Serbian publishers.
German EU parliamentarians involved
Haussmann's letter was brought to light last week through research conducted by the Balkan Investigative Reporting Network (BIRN). Trade Minister Rasim Ljajic also recently confirmed that he was approached about the issue by Germany's ambassador to Serbia at the time.
At the request of Klett, German EU-parliamentarian David McAllister sent a letter to the EU committee in Belgrade's parliament. "I was told that the planned change of law could potentially violate the laws of free competition," McAllister clarified in writing when asked.
'I'm not crazy'
Former Education Minister Verbic said there were massive "pressure, threats and intimidation attempts" from some publishers. He made a statement in February 2016 to the Anti-Corruption Agency that was sent to the general prosecutor, who decided five months later that the publishers didn't break any laws.
Read more: Lost in Belgrade: Iranian refugees head to Serbia as tourists
Klett boss Haussmann said that his company always stayed within the law and merely wanted to make its position heard. "That is hardly ever as necessary as it was in Serbia," Haussmann told BIRN. "But I definitely didn't threaten anybody, since I'm not crazy."
The original law made it through parliament in September 2015. But the changes called for by the publishers weren't far behind. In Serbia's 2016 elections, Vucic's Serbian Progressive Party won a large majority and Verbic lost his post as education minister.
In February of this year, his successor attended a Klett textbook presentation together with Prime Minister Ana Brnabic. In April, the contested law was changed. Now teachers can request that students purchase new textbooks every year again — and they are officially allowed to accept "small" gifts, but there's no definition for what counts as small.
Parents under pressure
Many parents in Serbia struggle to afford the high costs of new textbooks. Students and parents are expected to pay for them out of their own pockets, and one set can cost up to €200, depending on which publishers' offer a teacher accepts.
Read more: New Vibes by teenagers and for teenagers in southern Serbia
That's a lot for a country in which four out of five workers make less than €400 per month after taxes. And with textbooks changing from year to year, older children can't pass down their books to their younger siblings.
"Maybe it was my political inexperience, but I was deeply disappointed by the European officials I talked to about the textbook law," Verbic told DW. "Instead of focusing on education, they were always talking about 'foreign investments' and 'free markets.' That wasn't normal for me."
He believes the initial legislation was a good opportunity to reign in textbook prices. "But apparently, that can't be done," Verbic said. "In the end, the law that was rated good by all independent institutions was replaced with a new one that these institutions find unacceptable."
It's not the first time that laws in Serbia were likely altered after lobbying by German business interests. Government critics claim that in 2014, labor laws were changed to appease Western European investors who find cheap labor in Serbia and receive high subsidies from the state.
What seemed to be a poppin', high-class pool party at Wiz Khalifa's mansion, actually turned out to be an opportunity for some unexpected thieves to come out and play. The star-studded music video stars Wiz himself and also Ty Dolla $ign who comes through with his smooth vocals on the hook. Throughout the video, you may see many familiar faces, such as Jamie Foxx and Jason Derulo, Demi Lovato, Chuck Liddell and plenty more.
Little did Wiz and Ty Dolla $ign know, the beautiful ladies who attended the party turned out to be experienced schemers. The team carried out the plan to split up and distract Wiz while others went into the closet to steal stacks and stacks of stash. Jamie Foxx also gets pickpocketed by one of the ladies and gets his phone snatched. Wiz is oblivious until the end, where the ladies reveal their scheme right before riding away with their new riches.
Although the storyline of the video is unfortunate for the players involved, it surely makes for an entertaining visual. Khalifa has an extremely impressive track record in terms of music videos, and the visual for his smash hit “See You Again” featuring Charlie Puth even held the record for most-watched video on YouTube for a few weeks this year. Watch the “Something New” visual below!
ASUNCION, Paraguay (AP) — Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes has suffered at least a temporary a setback in his effort to take up a Senate seat once his term ends in August.
Opponents both outside his own party and within it boycotted a congressional session on Wednesday. The lack of a quorum blocked a vote on his resignation request.
He needs to leave office by June 30 to be sworn in with other senators because Paraguay's constitution says he can't hold two offices at once.
Cartes couldn't seek re-election and the Senate seat would be a way to extend his political influence. Some experts argue it also might help block any possible prosecution on corruption allegations.
Analysts say Cartes still has plenty of time before the deadline to win enough votes.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate has voted 50-47 to confirm one of President Donald Trump's nominees to serve on the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans.
Republicans used their majority to push Kyle Duncan's confirmation through over the objections of Democratic lawmakers and liberal advocacy groups that described him as a conservative culture warrior.
Duncan was lead counsel in the Hobby Lobby case before the Supreme Court, which decided that some corporations can hold religious objections that allow them to opt out of a requirement to cover contraceptives for women.
Democrats questioned whether Duncan could be an impartial arbitrator given his work on various social issues.
Republican Sen. John Kennedy of Louisiana says some senators are confusing the role of the lawyer and client.
A Blackpool laundry that suffered a major fire last night could 'collapse at any moment', say fire services.
Elite Linen in South Shore suffered catastrophic damage in the blaze that took more than 40 firefighters to extinguish.
More than 30 homes were evacuated during the blaze which started in Ball Street at around 7.30pm on June 14.
Crews are continuing the damping down process this morning and using Aerial ladder platforms to carry out their work as the building is considered unsafe.
A spokesman for the fire service said: "At its peak, eight crews attended the scene of the fire. A cordon remains in place around the affected area as the building is structurally unsound and could collapse at any moment.
"The roof has gone completely, and the walls are cracked and bulging.
"We are continuing the damping down process and checking for hot spots this morning but we have still been unable to access parts of the basement.
"The fire investigation will begin at around 10am today."
Lytham Road has now re-opened following its closure last night.
Nobody was injured in the fire.
Fire destroys laundry in centre of Blackpool
An historic Grade II listed Lancashire village pub/restaurant has gone on the market for more than £385,000.
The White Bull in Ribchester, owned by Enterprise Inns, is being offered for sale through Westlake & Co chartered surveyors.
A community campaign to keep it open was launched two years ago and the pub was listed as an Asset of Community Value by Ribble Valley Council in 2014, following an application from Ribchester Parish Council.
Community groups will now have an opportunity to prepare a bid and village group Friends of the White Bull is set to consider its next step.
Friends' convenor Marc Mallam said: “We are having a meeting with the parish council in the new year and probably a public meeting and then we will decide whether to register. The village has got to decide.”
He added: “Whether Friends register a bid or we set up a company to make the bid is something that needs consideration.”
Listing does not guarantee that a community group can buy it, but does provide a window of time to assemble funds.
The recently refurbished pub, dating from 1707, has had a chequered history in recent years, at one point shutting for more than a year. It is renowned for its stone pillars, reputed to be of Roman origin.
Any interested community groups must state their intention to bid in writing to Ribble Valley Council by January 17 and will have until June 6 to prepare that bid.
Meanwhile at the pub, which also has hotel facilities, Mark Ashton and Shan Parkinson, who have a five year lease, stressed it is business as usual.
An Enterprise Inns' spokesperson said the sales decision followed careful consideration: “From time to time we identify sites that we do not consider have a long term future within our business.”
,
T
AP Photo/Jim Mone
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — LeBron James spent the morning sending a crystal clear message to the Cleveland Cavaliers in the wake of Kevin Love's knee injury: things will be just fine as long as James is on the court. He spent the night backing that up against an emboldened Andrew Wiggins and the Minnesota Timberwolves, as if anyone doubted him in the first place. James had 25 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds to lead the Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Timberwolves on Tuesday night. Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for Love, who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on his left knee. Kyre Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play. “The one thing that we can always rely on is the fact that we've played without Kev before,” James said. “We've had to do that in the playoffs. As much as you don't like to play without some of your big guns, sometimes if it happens then you're just ready for it.” Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted him and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves, who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4. The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s. “It's always competitive playing them,” Wiggins said. “I feel like it brings out the best in everybody.” James took his time to get going, choosing to get others involved, including with a no-look pass through Wiggins' legs to a diving Derrick Williams for a layup in the second quarter. He threw down two soaring dunks later in the third and added a Jordan-like reverse layup as part of a highlight-filled night. “It's been a burden on me since I got drafted. Why does it change now?” James said when asked if he has to do more with Love out. “Nothing's changed. I'll have my guys ready to play every single night.” The Cavs appeared to be pulling away when they opened a 14-point lead in the third quarter, but Wiggins exploded for 20 points in the period to make it a game. He hit a 3-pointer and beat the buzzer on a long 2 to tie it at 93 going into the fourth. Wiggins was chosen by the Cavs No. 1 overall three years ago, but that was before James made his surprising return to Cleveland. The Cavs traded Wiggins to Minnesota for Love and Wiggins has always given them his best punch. He entered the night averaging 27.6 points per game against them, his highest scoring average against any team in the league. The Wolves missed two open 3-pointers that would have tied the game in the final four minutes, but James hit his from deep and Williams got a steal and a layup to drop Wiggins to 0-6 against the Cavs. “We'll get 'em eventually,” Wiggins said. TIP-INS Cavaliers: F Iman Shumpert played 25 minutes after missing the previous three games with a sprained left ankle. … Williams scored 13 points off the bench against the team that drafted him No. 2 overall. … Tristan Thompson had 14 points and 11 boards. Timberwolves: SG Zach LaVine had surgery in Los Angeles on Tuesday to reconstruct the torn ACL in his left knee. He is expected to miss nine months while recovering. … Ricky Rubio had 16 assists and eight rebounds, but was just 2 for 8 from the field. QUOTE OF THE DAY As he prepared to face a Timberwolves team filled with very young players trying to find their place in the league, James was asked how long it took him to turn the corner as a professional. “I turned a corner very, very young,” James said, smiling. “Probably about 16.” STEPHENSON INJURED Guard Lance Stephenson has played well since signing a 10-day contract last week, and the Wolves were hoping to have his defensive intensity against James and the Cavs on Tuesday night. But Stephenson grotesquely rolled his left ankle just three minutes into his first shift and needed help walking off the floor. Stephenson hit his only two shots before he was injured. UP NEXT Cavaliers: Cleveland heads back home to face Indiana on Wednesday for its final game before the All-Star break. Timberwolves: Minnesota flies to Denver for a game Wednesday night in a key game for the Wolves against the Nuggets, who currently own the eighth seed in the West.
Comments
comments
Basilica of St. Nicholas in Bari
Turkish archaeologists say that they have unearthed the genuine burial ground of Nicholas (Nikolaos) of Myra - a saint revered by Orthodox and Catholic churches, who lived in the territory of modern-day Turkey in the IV century. Until recently, it was believed that Italian merchants stole the relics of the saint in 1087 and transported them to the city of Bari, to rescue them from desecration. The head of the Antalya Monument Office, Cemil Karabayram, believes that it is the body of another Christian bishop that is buried in Bari, whereas the real Saint Nicholas was buried in Demre, where his body is still resting. If this theory is true, it will just so happen that millions of Christians worldwide were worshiping the wrong relics.
According to Hurriyet Daily News, an intact temple was discovered during archaeological excavations in the southern Turkish province. In the temple, there is a special site where, the grave of the saint is located, the researchers believe.
The archeological works on the territory of the ancient temple continue for three months already. The works develop extremely slow as archeologists try to mark every stone to reconstruct the building completely and preserve the mosaic.
"We believe this shrine has not been damaged at all, but it is quite difficult to get to it as there are mosaics on the floor," Mr Karabayram told the Turkish Hurriyet Daily News. "We have obtained very good results but the real work starts now," he said, adding that the temple is almost fully intact. "We will reach the ground and maybe we will find the untouched body of Saint Nicholas," he said.
According to Karabayram, the whole world will pay attention to the uncovered temple. In addition, the discovery will take tourism in Turkey's Antalya to a whole new level.
Nicholas the Wonderworker, who is also called Nikolai the Savior in Russia, was born in Asia Minor in the III century in the Greek colony of Patara in the Roman province of Lycia. During his life, he became known as the pacifier of warring parties and defender of innocent convicts. St. Nicholas was known for his love for children. His legend led to the appearance of Santa Claus, who loves all children very dearly and gives them gifts on Christmas.
It is believed that touching the relics of St. Nicholas heals practically any disease. In Russia, Orthodox believers pray to St. Nicholas asking him for health, healing, solution of problems, success in business and many other things.
According to the church calendar, celebrations in his honor take place twice a year: on December 19, the day of his death, and on May 22 - in memory of the transfer of his relics to Bar (now Bari). In the Russian folk Orthodox tradition, these holidays are known as "Winter Nikolai" and "Spring Nikolai." Christians believe that St. Nicholas helps those who pray to him even today.
St. Nicholas became famous worldwide in the 16th century as a magician who gives presents to children. The Dutch, who arrived in the United States, popularized Santa Claus in the New World, whereas the commercialized 20th century turned the saint into a new symbol of Christmas, which, according to skeptics, eclipsed the image of baby Jesus Christ, whom the holiday is actually dedicated to.
Pravda.Ru
What's the first thing that comes to mind when you hear Mooneyes? For me it's the Moon Disc hub caps. The company has been a staple of Southern California car culture since the '50s, making everything from gas tanks to steering wheels. Even today some of the most recognizable trends and styles in the classic car hobby are the product of Mooneyes.
This past Saturday was the annual Mooneyes Xmas Party at Irwindale Speedway. If you could name it, it was there: a pinup contest, pomade, music, pinstripes, lowriders, drag racing, motorcycles, art, bbq, bombs, restorations, barn finds. The list could go on. If there is a gold standard of what SoCal car culture is, this is the show to see because the variety of cars is unlike any other show in the state.
HOT ROD staffer Jacob Davis brought out his “Green Hornet,” and HOT ROD Network Director Doug Glad brought out the Car Craft Demon for some good ol' eighth-mile fun. Glad put down a solid 5.58-second pass at 126 mph, while Jacob tried for the millionth time to break the 6-cylinder Hornet with a 100ish-shot of nitrous. Needless to say, the Hornet lives to see another day after a 10.57 at 57 mph and some nasty backfires.
Scroll through the gallery for more action on the day from the Mooneyes Xmas Party 2017.
Prosecutors say a former CIA case officer betrayed his country by giving a Chinese spy information about human assets and other top-secret information in exchange for $25,000.
But defense lawyers say their client is a loyal American who was merely stringing the Chinese along to try to get them to expose details of their own intelligence operation.
A jury heard opening statements Wednesday in the trial of Kevin Mallory, 60, of Leesburg, who was working as a self-employed consultant when he returned from Shanghai with more than $16,000 in undeclared cash.
Defense attorney Geremy Kamens said Mallory had grown suspicious about a Chinese think tank's job offer and hatched a plan to feed them phony documents. He told people at the CIA, but prosecutors said that was just to cover his tracks.
Prosecutor Jennifer Gellie told jurors that Mallory's scheme unraveled when he was selected for secondary screening at O'Hare Airport in April 2017 on a flight back from Shanghai with his son. There customs agents found $16,500 in unreported cash, and they questioned Mallory about the nature of his trip.
The customs agents allowed Mallory entry after assessing a $188 tariff on some electronics Mallory said he had purchased. But Gellie said the encounter prompted Mallory to reach out to some old CIA contacts to concoct a cover story for his espionage.
Gellie said Mallory agreed in May 2017 to be questioned about his contacts, and that he was caught off guard during that interview when a Samsung phone given to him by the Chinese displayed text conversations between Mallory and the Chinese recruiter — Mallory had expected the phone's secure messaging features would keep the conversation hidden, Gellie said.
In one text message, Mallory wrote "your object is to gain information, and my object is to be paid."
Agents later searched Mallory's home and found two small computer discs — one balled up in tin foil in a closet box filled with junk.
Gellie said the drives contained secret and top-secret documents, some of which had been sent to the Chinese recruiter on that Samsung phone. One document contained information about human assets, Gellie said.
"Kevin Mallory chose to pass closely held government secrets to a Chinese government agent," Gellie told the jury.
Kamens, though, said Mallory reached out to his old CIA contacts months before he was supposedly spooked by the airport inspection. During testimony Wednesday, a CIA analyst and a CIA contractor testified that Mallory contacted them in February 2017, two months before the Shanghai flight. One of the two testified that Mallory wanted him to reach out to China contacts in the CIA because he was concerned that the think-tank offer was not on the level. The other testified that he could not recall exactly why Mallory reached out.
"The only reason we are sitting in this courtroom is Mr. Mallory knocked on the front door of the CIA" to tell them about the offer he received from the Chinese.
The trial is being heard in the Eastern District of Virginia, which is home to the CIA and Pentagon and often plays host to national security and espionage cases. Still, espionage trials are a rarity, given that both sides have strong incentives to reach plea deals. The government is concerned about exposing secrets, while defendants are worried about potentially stiff sentences.
The last espionage-related trial in the Alexandria courthouse came in 2009, when Pentagon official James Fondren was convicted and sentenced to three years in prison for charges involving espionage and making false statements to the FBI. Fondren was convicted of providing classified documents to Tai Shen Kuo, a Taiwanese national who was working for communist China.
Mallory, though, is charged under a different statute that allows for stiffer penalties. The last trial under this specific statute came in 2003, when defense contractor Brian Patrick Regan was convicted and sentenced to life in prison for offering intelligence to Iraq and China.
Mallory faces up to life in prison.
By ALAN SUDERMAN
Associated Press
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - The Republican-controlled Virginia General Assembly gave final approval Wednesday evening to a state budget expanding Medicaid coverage to the state's poor, ending years of partisan gridlock on the issue.
The state Senate voted in favor of expansion after a full day of debate. The House, which had had previously endorsed expansion, gave its final approval shortly afterward. Several Republicans in both chambers joined with Democrats to approve the measure.
Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam is expected to sign the budget in coming days, and the roughly 400,000 newly eligible low-income Virginias will begin enrolling in Medicaid at the start of next year.
Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of then-President Barack Obama's health care overhaul, and a tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion.
Senate passage came by a 23-17 vote with four Republicans joining Democrats for passage. The House quickly followed about an hour later with a lopsided 67-31 final endorsement.
Wednesday's voting marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor. A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year.
Virginia Democrats have argued the state should not pass up the roughly $2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state. Republicans had previously been near unified in blocking past expansion efforts, saying the long-term costs were unsustainable.
Those arguments were again replayed in the final hours before Virginia's partisan battle was finally ended.
Sen. Ben Chafin, a Republican lawmaker from Virginia's economically depressed southwest coal country, announced his support for expansion on the Senate floor. He said his rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need.
"I came to the conclusion that no just wasn't the answer anymore," Chafin said.
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed, saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state's budget needs for schools and public safety.
"It is a ticking time bomb," said GOP Sen. Bill Stanley.
A federal-state collaboration originally meant for poor families and severely disabled people, Medicaid has grown to become the largest government health insurance program, now covering 1 in 5 people.
The GOP-controlled General Assembly's support for Medicaid comes despite Trump administration rejections.
President Donald Trump has vigorously sought to negate his predecessor's health law. And White House officials, including budget director Mick Mulvaney, have urged Virginia lawmakers this year not to expand Medicaid.
Yet ironically, his administration's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid prompted lawmakers in some conservative states to resurrect plans for expansion.
Virginia GOP Speaker Kick Cox said the Trump administration's openness to conservative reforms, including work requirements, "was probably the biggest key" in getting Republican support for Medicaid expansion.
Last year, Virginia saw its state legislature reshaped by an anti-Trump wave as Democrats made unexpectedly large gains in the state House. And a failure by the GOP-led Congress to repeal and replace the health law helped spur several of Virginia's Republican state legislators to flip positions.
Democrats campaigned heavily on expanding Medicaid last year and some House Republicans were eager to take the issue off the table before next year's election, when both House and Senate seats are up.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Segerstrom's Keith Morales, left, catches the ball for an in interception intended for Ocean View's Naeco Logan, right, in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Segerstrom's Kishon Allen celebrates a touchdown during their game against Ocean View in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Segerstrom players take the field prior to their game against Ocean View in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Segerstrom's Enrique Lopez flips upside down after being tackled during the game against Ocean View in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Ocean View's Nathaniel Washington, left, makes a catch for a touchdown against Segerstrom's Chris Castillo in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Ocean View quarterback Noah Hickman, right, looks for an open teammate during the game against Segerstrom in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Segerstrom's Sagel Simon, center, runs with the ball against Ocean View's Cesar Montano, right, in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Ocean View's Naeco Logan, center, runs with the ball against Segerstrom's Keith Morales, left, and Paul Roa in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Segerstrom's Keith Morales, right, runs with the ball against Ocean View's Micah Cianca in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Ocean View's Noah De loera, center, runs with the ball during the game against Segerstrom in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Ocean View quarterback Noah Hickman runs with the ball during their game against Segerstrom in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Ocean View's Dillon Grunbaum celebrates after a touchdown during the game against Segerstrom in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Segerstrom students relax before the game against Ocean View in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Segerstrom cheerleaders smile during the game against Ocean View in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Segerstrom students prepare for the halftime show during the game against Ocean View in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Segerstrom fans cheer during the game against Ocean View in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Segerstrom fans smile as confetti falls on them following a touchdown during the game against Ocean View in Santa Ana on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
SANTA ANA – The Golden West League, which has a reputation for being one of Orange County's most competitively balanced leagues, lived up to its billing again.
Segerstrom relied on a physical ground game to earn a gritty victory over Ocean View, 28-13, Friday night at Segerstrom High.
Jaguars coach Joseph Tagaloa was proud of the effort his team gave in its league opener.
Keith Morales, Kishon Allen and Qyren Macias help Segerstrom improve to (5-1, 1-0). @JagAthletics @ocvarsity pic.twitter.com/FqBJwWdMCc — David Delgado (@DavidDelgado_OC) October 7, 2017
“Our guys are willing to play four quarters and I'm very grateful that they were willing to step up and play a physical game.” Tagaloa said. “We have a motto that we want to get 1 percent better every time we step on the field. Today we got better in a couple of different ways.”
Two of the ways Segerstrom improved was running the ball and creating turnovers.
The Jaguars (5-1, 1-0) rushed for 335 yards and also picked off Seahawks quarterback Noah Hickman twice, both coming at the hands of Keith Morales.
Kishon Allen led the way with 138 yards and two TDs including a 63-yard score in the second quarter.
They jumped to an early 7-0 lead on the strength of their aerial attack led by Hickman. Nathaniel Washington's 20-yard catch gave the Seahawks the initial advantage.
Segerstrom responded with a long drive that ended with Allen's first score of the game, a 7-yard run to tie the game at 7.
Allen's brilliance continued in the second quarter as he broke free for a 63-yard run down the left sideline to give the Jagaurs a 14-7 lead.
Sagel Simon added a one-yard TD just before halftime to pad the Segerstrom lead 21-7.
Ocean View (4-2, 0-1) did not go away without a struggle in the second half.
Hickman led a long drive downfield and converted on fourth and goal as he found Adam Meyer to cut into their deficit 21-13.
The Seahawks threatened to come within a point or tie, but their scoring attempt was halted by Morales as he recorded his second interception.
Morales then turned that turnover into points with a 5-yard run that put sealed the outcome.
HUNTSVILLE, Texas (AP) — The Latest on the scheduled execution of Texas inmate William Rayford (all times local):
9:40 a.m.
A federal judge says she doesn't have the authority to rule on an appeal that could halt a Texas execution, and she's asking an appeals court to step in.
William Rayford is scheduled to be executed Tuesday evening for killing his ex-girlfriend in Dallas in 1999.
His attorneys filed an appeal raising several issues, including that courts improperly denied his lawyers money to hire a forensic medical examiner to determine whether the woman was dead before her body was moved to a drainage ditch. They say that's a key distinction in a capital murder case.
In a ruling late Monday, U.S. District Judge Jane Boyle sent the case to the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. But she said that if the appeals court sends the case back to her, she'll deny Rayford's request.
Another appeal is pending before the U.S. Supreme Court.
____
11:49 p.m.
A Texas death row inmate is asking the federal courts to keep him from being executed for the 1999 slaying of his ex-girlfriend while he already was on parole for killing his estranged wife.
William Rayford would be the nation's second inmate executed this year, both in Texas.
The 64-year-old Rayford is facing lethal injection Tuesday evening for beating, stabbing and strangling 44-year-old Carol Lynn Thomas Hall. Her body was found about 300 feet (91 meters) inside a drainage pipe behind her home in South Dallas' Oak Cliff area. Hall's 11-year-old son also was stabbed in the attack but survived to testify against Rayford.
Rayford was convicted of murder in 1986 for fatally stabbing his estranged wife and received 23 years in prison. He was paroled after eight years.
BEIJING (CBSNewYork) — China is rolling out a high-tech plan to give all of its 1.4 billion citizens a personal score, based on how they behave.
But there are consequences if a score gets too low, and for some that's cause for concern, CBS2's Ben Tracy reported Tuesday.
When Liu Hu recently tried to book a flight, he was told he was banned from flying because he was on the list of untrustworthy people. Liu is a journalist who was ordered by a court to apologize for a series of tweets he wrote and was then told his apology was insincere.
“I can't buy property. My child can't go to a private school,” he said. “You feel you're being controlled by the list all the time.”
And the list is now getting longer as every Chinese citizen is being assigned a social credit score — a fluctuating rating based on a range of behaviors. It's believed that community service and buying Chinese-made products can raise your score. Fraud, tax evasion and smoking in non-smoking areas can drop it.
China's growing network of surveillance cameras makes all of this possible.
“It can recognize more than 4,000 vehicles,” Xu Li said.
Li is the CEO of Sensetime, one of China's most successful artificial intelligence companies. It has created smart cameras for the government that can help catch criminals, but also track average citizens.
“We can tell whether it is an adult, a child, male or female,” Li said.
Ken Dewoskin has studied China's economic and political culture for more than three decades. He says how the new scoring system truly works is kept secret and could be easily abused by the government.
Tracy: “How far into people's daily mundane activities does this go?”
Dewoskin: “Well, I think that the government and the people running the plan would like it to go as deeply as possible to determine how to allocate benefits and also how to impact and shape their behavior.”
The fear, of course, it that the government may use this social credit scoring system to punish people that it deems not sufficiently loyal to the communist party, Tracy reported. And trying to clear your name or fight your score is nearly impossible, because there's no due process.
Every year, super producer Bryan Michael Cox honors incredible talent in the music industry, and this year's honorees, crooner Maxwell and superbly talented Siedah Garrett, received the envied honor.
The Breakfast Brunch, which has become a Grammy weekend staple for over a decade, sponsored by Dusse, Toyota and Rolling Out, celebrated Maxwell and Garrett for their undeniable contributions to music at the event- a perfect hybrid of music and purpose of music veterans and young talent alike. DJ Khaled, Sean “Diddy” Combs, Swizz Beatz, T.I., Jon Platt and Chris Hicks have been honored in previous years.
Maxwell, proprietor of the neo-soul movement, who first stole hearts nearly 21 years ago with debut album Maxwell's Urban Hang Suite, has blossomed into mega success, including sold out tours, lusty falsetto and fiery singles now dubbed bedroom soundtracks.
Garrett, who wrote Michael Jackson's “Man in the Mirror” and “I Just Can't Stop Loving You,” who was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Original Song, and won the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media at the 50th Grammy Awards for co-writing “Love You I Do, performed by Jennifer Hudson for the 2006 musical film, Dreamgirls, honor was long overdue.
And the afternoon was more than just a celebration of the minds, as Toyota presented a $10,000 grant to MUSIC & MEMORY, a non-profit organization that brings personalized music into the lives of the elderly through digital music technology, vastly improving quality of life by creating personalized playlists that enable those struggling with Alzheimer's, dementia and other cognitive and physical challenges to reconnect with the world through music-triggered memories.
DJ Khaled, Jon Platt, Sean “Diddy” Combs, Swizz Beatz, T.I. and Chris Hicks have all been honored previous years.
Check out the event's Red Carpet arrivals!
And photos from the honorees acceptance speeches:
Special thanks to celebrity photographer Juan Anthony Images!
Though President Donald Trump condemned hate groups today following the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, this past weekend, for some the remarks were too little, too late.
Trump's immediate response to the violence, which left one dead Saturday after a driver rammed a car into a crowd of people in the midst of violent clashes over a white nationalist rally, was met with bipartisan backlash, particularly because he did not label the ramming an act of terrorism or include a denunciation of white supremacists.
One of the president's most vocal critics was Jonathan Greenblatt, the director and CEO of the Anti-Defamation League, who specifically singled out Trump for initially referring to the incident as an “egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.”
Speaking today to reporters, Greenblatt lambasted Trump for not taking a swift and strong stance against hate groups on Saturday, something he says the president has done repeatedly.
"We have seen a pattern of the president equivocating” when it comes to denouncing hate groups, including white supremacists and anti-Semitic groups, said Greenblatt.
One of the clearest examples of this came when then-candidate Trump did not immediately distance himself from the endorsement of David Duke, a former Louisiana lawmaker who was once grand wizard of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
At first, Trump declined to disavow the support Duke, insisting during a CNN interview that he needed "to look at the group" first, despite being reminded of Duke's long association with the KKK.
"Honestly, I don't know David Duke, I don't believe I've ever met him, I'm pretty sure I didn't meet him, and I just don't know anything about him," Trump told CNN on Feb. 28, 2016.
He later said he "disavowed" Duke and reiterated that throughout the week following the interview.
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. pic.twitter.com/OIXFKPUlz2 — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 28, 2016
Heidi Beirich, the director of the Southern Poverty Law Center's Intelligence Project, which tracks hate groups, said that the disavowal of Duke, and the time that it took Trump to make that statement, is "another example where he just kind of pussyfooted around something."
Both Beirich and Greenblatt referenced how Trump retweeted posts from users with handles like "@WhiteGenocideTM" and how he used memes recycled from white supremacist websites as examples of his lack of separation from such groups during the campaign.
Other instances include the neo-Nazis and white supremacists sometimes spotted at Trump campaign events, a white nationalist super PAC making robocalls on Trump's behalf, and a prominent member of an alt-right group expressing his support of Trump.
Greenblatt noted today on the call how a number of anti-Semitic sentiments were also expressed during the Charlottesville melee this weekend and pointed out that Trump has faced accusations of anti-Semitism before as well.
Two examples of that include the controversy surrounding the Trump campaign's use of a picture on Twitter that showed Hillary Clinton's face superimposed on a stack of money and a six-pointed star that many likened to a Star of David, and his administration's release of a statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day that failed to mention Jews.
Trump has repeatedly denied that he is anti-Semitic or racist, regularly pointing to his close ties to the Jewish community. Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner practices Orthodox Judaism, and the president's daughter Ivanka Trump converted when she married Kushner.
Kushner himself has defended his father-in-law in the past, saying in a statement in July 2016, "I know that Donald does not at all subscribe to any racist or anti-Semitic thinking. I have personally seen him embrace people of all racial and religious backgrounds. The suggestion that he may be intolerant is not reflective of the Donald Trump I know."
And in remarks today, Trump called out hate groups for their behavior, saying, "Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the [Ku Klux Klan], neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans." Trump again did not use the term "terrorism" to describe the incident, however.
Today's comments were not enough for Greenblatt, who sees Trump's initial Charlottesville statement as a call to action.
“This wasn't a subtle dog whistle. This was like a bullhorn and a signal for them to try and rise,” Greenblatt said of Trump's repeated instances of not taking swift action in condemning such hate groups.
Beirich said that Trump "waits too long" to make his public criticisms, and when he does speak out, the earlier message resonates.
"What is so hard about saying 'I decry the neo-Nazis and the white supremacists that were in Charlottesville,'" she said, referencing the first statement Trump made about the violence in Virginia on Saturday. "He went out of his way to not decry neo-Nazis and white supremacists."
"When it comes to white supremacist terrorism, Donald Trump doesn't seem to care," she said.
ABC News' Candace Smith contributed to this report.
A burglar smashed glass in a rear door and used the keys hanging inside the lock to get into the property.
The incident took place in Pebblemoor, Edlesborough between 9.15am and 11.15am on Tuesday, March 13.
The intruder searched the property and items stolen included jewellery and currency.
Investigating officer PC Rebecca Jones, based at Aylesbury Police Station, would like to hear from anyone that might have seen or heard anything suspicious in the area.
She is asking those who live in the area and have a CCTV system to review it between these times, to see if anything is recorded that might be relevant to the investigation.
If you have any information call PC Jones on the 24-hour non-emergency number 101, quoting reference number 43180076871.
If you don't want to speak to the police or give your details you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
VIENNA (AP) — Iranian President Hassan Rouhani is in Vienna, where the country's nuclear agreement with world powers was drawn up three years ago, to promote the deal's survival after the United States withdrew.
Rouhani was meeting Austrian leaders Wednesday following a visit to neutral Switzerland, which also hosted negotiations on the deal under which Iran agreed to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions.
He said after meeting his Austrian counterpart that "we will not leave the (agreement), on condition that we can benefit from it."
Rouhani did not mention Austrian officials' announcement on Tuesday that they plan to revoke the legal immunity of an Iranian diplomat suspected of involvement in a plot to bomb an Iranian opposition rally in France. He took no questions.
It may seem too good to be true, but guilt-free chocolate which promises to slow down the emergence of wrinkles and sagging skin, has been developed by scientists.
‘Esthechoc' the brainchild of a Cambridge University spin-off lab, claims to boost antioxidant levels and increase circulation to prevent lines and keep skin looking youthful and smooth.
Just a small 7.5g bar of anti-ageing chocolate contains the same amount of the antioxidant astaxanthin as a fillet of Alaskan salmon, and equal levels of free-radical fighting cocoa polyphenols as 100g of dark chocolate.
Its makers say it can change the underlying skin of a 50-60 year old into that of someone in their 20s or 30s. Tests showed that after four weeks of eating the anti-ageing chocolate every day, volunteers had less evidence of inflammation in their blood and increased blood supply to skin tissue.
Creator Dr Ivan Petyaev, a former researcher at Cambridge University, and founder of biotech firm Lycotec, said: “We're using the same antioxidant that keeps goldfish gold and flamingos pink.
“In clinical trials we saw that inflammation in the skin starting to go down and the tissues began to benefit.
“We used people in their 50s and 60s and in terms of skin biomarkers we found it had brought skin back to the levels of a 20 or 30 year old. So we've improved the skin's physiology.
“People using it claimed that their skin was better and we can see that the product is working to slow down ageing.”
As the bar contains just 38kcal its makers say it is even safe for diabetics.
But ‘Esthechoc' is unlikely to be available in Britain's corner shops. The confectionary, which is also called ‘Cambridge Beauty Chocolate' comes boxed as a three week supply, individually wrapped, and will only be available in high-end retailers from next month.
It is also likely to come with a hefty price tag, although it's makers were unwilling to reveal the cost before its official launch at the Global Food Innovation Summit in London next month.
How the chocolate will look
According to its brochure the target market are ‘elegant, educated and affluent' city-dwelling women in their 30s, and businessmen ‘to support their appearance in a stressful environment and on their business travels.'
However health experts were cautious about the product,
Naveed Sattar, Professor of Metabolic Medicine at Glasgow University, said more robust clinical trials would be needed to validate the ‘ridiculously strong' claims made by the company.
“There may be biological reasons to think some of the compounds may benefit some processes linked to ageing and disease but on the other hand, eating too much chocolate means more calories, which means obesity so the net effect is never clear-cut.
“These food claims need to be back up with trials to have any genuine credibility. Such trials are glaring by their absence so all such health claims are unfounded.”
Nutrition experts at University College London also warned that previous trials showed that astaxanthin worked better when applied directly to the face rather than ingested.
UCL nutritionist Dr George Grimble said: “There is a potentially sound scientific base to this although it is obviously early days.
“There needs to be further clinical trials to show that it is safe but astaxanthin has been shown to have antioxidant effects and low toxicity, so from that respect, it seems promising.
“Using dark chocolate is quite clever. As a nutritionist, I am generally in favour of dark chocolate.
“So it's got a good track record in terms of the science but it is too early to say what the long term benefits might be.
“In my humble opinion, it would be necessary for the company's in-house trial to be submitted for publication in a peer-reviewed journal in order for their health claims to be substantiated.”
Source: Telegraph.co.uk
Member of Knesset Ofer Shelah (Yesh Atid) has congratulated author David Grossman for becoming the first Israeli to win the Man Booker International prize for his novel A Horse Walks into a Bar.
The journalist called Grossman's prize "a very justified win, unlike any other, because David is one of the rare breed of writers who succeed in combining walking in greatness with writing that causes pleasure, which is why so many readers in the world love him."
"I know how to move inside the ring—I have that. The knee is not gonna be a problem."
I had the opportunity to ask Alvarez about his impressive footwork in the first contest with Golovkin last September…
Tuesday, Saul “Canelo” Alvarez (49-1-2, 34 KOs) and Gennady “GGG” Golovkin (38-0-1, 34 KOs) hosted a virtual press conference to discuss their upcoming rematch on September 15 at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.
I had the opportunity to ask Alvarez about his impressive footwork in the first contest with Golovkin last September, and whether his recent knee surgery may help his mobility be even better this time around.
“That's always been part of my arsenal, part of my abilities,” Canelo said via a translator. “I know how to move inside the ring—I have that. The knee is not gonna be a problem. We've been working hard now, we've been training here and it hasn't given me any issues.
“And if it does come up during the fight that it gives me problems, we'll already have a plan B, a strategy behind that as well.”
Tickets for Canelo vs. GGG 2 are now on sale, priced at $5,000, $2,500, $2,000, $1,500, $800, $700, $500 and $300, not including applicable service charges and taxes. There will be a limit of eight (8) per person at the $5,000, $2,500, $2,000, $1,500, $800 and $700 price levels with a limit of two (2) per person at the $500 and $300 price levels. To charge by phone with a major credit card, call 888-9-AXS-TIX (888-929-7849). Tickets are also available for purchase at www.t-mobilearena.com or www.axs.com.
Check out more of Caryn's work at http://www.CarynATate.com and follow her on Twitter@carynatate
Five people are being questioned over the suspected murder of three children who died after a house fire.
Demi Pearson, 14, was pronounced dead at the scene in Worsley, Greater Manchester, while her eight-year-old brother Brandon and seven-year-old sister Lacie later died in hospital.
Greater Manchester Police said three men, aged 23, 20 and 18, and a 20-year-old woman have been arrested on suspicion of murder.
The children's 35-year-old mother, Michelle Pearson, is in a serious condition in hospital while a fourth sibling, three-year-old Lia, is critically ill.
Greater Manchester Police said three men, aged 23, 20 and 18, and a 20-year-old woman have been arrested on suspicion of murder.
A 24-year-old man is also being questioned in custody on suspicion of assisting an offender.
Emergency services were called to the mid-terraced house in Jackson Street just before 5am on Monday.
Two 16-year-old boys who were also in the house freed themselves before fire crews arrived and put out the blaze.
Police confirmed there had been "earlier incidents" at the address and said the force had made a self-referral to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.
Chief Superintendent Wayne Miller, of Greater Manchester Police, said: "In what is such a heart-breaking set of circumstances, we have been doing our very best to support the family in every way that we can and carry out our inquiries quickly and sensitively.
"We are still appealing for people who witnessed the fire itself or the events leading up to it to get in contact with us and tell us what they know.
"My thanks goes to the members of the public who have supported us with our investigation."
Earlier, Mr Miller urged an unnamed suspect to hand himself in as he told reporters: "He knows who he is and he should give himself up.
"This will devastate this family forever and words cannot describe what they are going through. We need the public's help to find the answers the family deserve."
Demi was a pupil at Harrop Fold School in Salford, which featured in the Channel 4 documentary Educating Greater Manchester.
Head teacher Drew Povey said: "We are devastated at the tragic loss of life today in our community. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family involved."
A large police presence remained at the scene throughout the day as both ends of Jackson Street were cordoned off, with one end blocked by large steel barriers.
Tearful locals stood at the end of the cordons and consoled each other with embraces.
One woman, who did not wish to be named, said she knew the mother of the family.
She said: "I have known Michelle for years. The family have lived here for a long time. We are all just in shock.
"There has been trouble round here before but it's more wannabe gangsters, teenage stuff."
Anyone with any information should contact police on 0161 856 8797, or call 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111.
Major changes to the GCSE grading system will do more harm than good, a teachers' union has warned.
Members of the NASUWT, meeting at its annual conference in Manchester, heard concerns that the new system will result in added pressure being put on pupils.
The reforms mean the traditional A*-G grades have been axed in English and maths, and will be replaced by the 9-1 grades - with 9 the highest result.
The changes will be brought in for all subjects in future years.
Supporters have argued the move is necessary to allow more differentiation between students.
But there have been concerns raised over a lack of clarity about the new system.
NASUWT general secretary Chris Keates said: "Maintaining high standards of education is critical and it is important that the qualifications system is kept under review to ensure it is meeting the needs of pupils, employers and the further education sector.
"However, these changes have been driven by political imperative, rather than the needs of young people.
"The Government has consistently sought to portray GCSEs as 'broken' and 'dumbed down' qualifications in order to push through its vision of an elitist, narrowly focused curriculum and qualifications system which risks failing to meet the needs of the majority of young people.
"The changes to exam grading have created huge uncertainty for pupils, teachers, parents and employers which will be difficult for schools to manage.
"Schools already buckling from excessive workload are now facing even more bureaucratic reform and young people, already experiencing rising rates of anxiety and mental ill health, will face even greater pressure to perform."
So when is a theme park attraction really open?
That would seem an easy question. A theme park ride or show is open if you can go on or in to see it. But less and less is easy about theme parks these days. Remember back before Fastpass and Maxpass, when all it took to get on a Disneyland ride was waiting in one line?
Universal Studios Florida in Orlando announced Monday that its new Fast & Furious ride is now open to the public. This is a stand-alone version of the 3D encounter at the end of the Studio Tour at Universal Studios Hollywood, since there is no Studio Tour – or studio – at Universal's Orlando property. But fans have been riding the Fast & Furious – Supercharged attraction in Florida for nearly two weeks, since it went into what Universal calls “technical rehearsals” earlier this month. Universal also has scheduled a big media event for the ride's grand opening next week, on Wednesday, May 2.
So when did the ride actually open? Two weeks ago, this week or next week?
The Fast & Furious ride is getting three openings: its “soft” opening, its public opening, and its official, “grand” opening. That's actually not uncommon in the theme park business, where technically advanced ride systems and complicated show effects might need weeks of testing and adjusting before they are ready for an “official” debut.
So-called soft openings allow parks to test their new attractions in front of the public before they invite reporters and launch advertising campaigns to promote the new ride or show. It's the theme-park version of the “out of town” runs that Broadway shows make before they debut before critics and audiences in New York.
For major attractions, such as Fast & Furious, parks typically plan their media events weeks or even months in advance, leaving them scrambling when a ride still isn't ready in time or opting to add a third, “public” opening when the attraction doesn't require as much testing as anticipated, as appears to have happened this week in Orlando.
But even after a ride or show has its official grand opening for the press, being “open” can continue to be a relative term. Theme parks can adjust the capacity and even the content of their attractions, making the experience different from one day, or even hour, to the next. Disneyland's Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, for example, might not feel as “open” when it is running just one train on its track and the line is backing up, versus when it runs its full five trains, giving the roller coaster the capacity to put through many more guests in a hour.
Did you know that Disney has multiple versions of the preshow for the Guardians of the Galaxy: Mission Breakout! ride at Disney California Adventure? If you saw Rocket Raccoon only on the video screen, you got the “B” version of the preshow, which features an animatronic version of the character in its regular operation. A “B” mode allow parks to keep attractions open when an important component fails, such as the Rocket animatronic. Going back to the Broadway analogy, sometimes you get the understudy playing the leading role.
On some rides, however, the “B” mode becomes normal operation, as has happened on the Expedition Everest roller coaster at Disney's Animal Kingdom in Florida, where its Yeti animatronic has been motionless for years, illuminated by strobe lights that prompted fans to nickname it the “Disco Yeti.”
Then there are the downtimes, the planned and unplanned closures that can keep “open” attractions unavailable at any time after their official debuts. Rain, tech glitches, even crying children can cause a ride to close unexpectedly.
So even if an attraction is “open,” is it really, fully open? You might not know until you ride – assuming you get the chance.
A jury has been chosen in the case of a Pennsylvania businessman accused of mortgage fraud who won a new trial because the judge, witnesses and jurors who convicted him last year saw his defense attorney sleeping.
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reports jurors were selected Monday for the proceedings in the case of James Nassida scheduled to begin Aug. 29.
U.S. District Judge Donetta Ambrose ruled this year Nassida was denied a fair trial because attorney Stan Levenson dozed off during the October trial. Levenson has acknowledged he fell asleep because he was taking cold medicines that made him drowsy.
Nassida founded Century III Home Equity. Prosecutors allege he used inflated assets and fake property appraisals to help clients get millions of dollars in fraudulent mortgage loans.
———
Information from: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, http://www.post-gazette.com
Luis Solis Vasquez, 27, appears in a handout photo provided by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts, April 23, 2018. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts/Handout via REUTERS
By Nate Raymond
BOSTON (Reuters) - Three suspected members of the MS-13 gang in Massachusetts were convicted on Monday of participating in gang-related murders, in a case U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has called an example of how authorities can try to tackle the criminal organization.
The verdict in Boston federal court came in the largest U.S. criminal case involving MS-13, whose members include immigrants from El Salvador and which U.S. President Donald Trump has sought to link to his efforts to crack down on illegal immigration.
Jurors found Hector Enamorado, 39, Luis Solis Vasquez, 27, and Noe Perez Vasquez, 27, guilty of racketeering conspiracy and of having participated in the murder of Javier Ortiz, a rival gang member who was shot in the Massachusetts city of Chelsea in December 2014.
Perez Vasquez was also found guilty of participating in the July 2015 murder of Jose Aguilar-Villanueva, a 16-year-old who prosecutors said was stabbed to death in a park in the city of Lawrence after being suspected of being an informant.
Perez Vasquez, who was also known as "Crazy" and was a leader of an Everett, Massachusetts-based MS-13 affiliate, or "clique," was convicted of conspiring to possess and distribute cocaine and marijuana. He was acquitted of a firearm charge.
All three men face up to life in prison when they are sentenced by U.S. District Judge Dennis Saylor in mid-July.
James Cipoletta, Enamorado's lawyer, said his client plans to appeal and denies ever being a member of MS-13 or being involved in the 2014 Chelsea shooting. Lawyers for the other defendants did not respond to requests for comment.
MS-13, also known as Mara Salvatrucha, started in Los Angeles in the 1980s. It has grown into an organization with leadership in El Salvador that the U.S. Justice Department says has 30,000 members worldwide and 10,000 in the United States.
Trump, a Republican, has cited the "savage" gang in calling for tougher immigration policies.
In September, Sessions cited a 2016 crackdown in Massachusetts and the charges prosecutors brought as "precisely how we will dismantle and defeat MS-13."
The three men are among 61 people who were indicted as part of the crackdown. Monday's verdict was for the third trial in the case and brought the total number of convicted defendants to 43.
(Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston, Editing by Rosalba O'Brien)
First-hand wartime testimonies and poetic fragments from Syrians, collected by Wendy Pearlman. Donate to order this gift now!
"A beacon of hope in the darkest of times." -- Sarah Jaffe. Donate to order this gift now!
Getty/Marvel Entertainment
Superhero comics are really soap operas with magical powers. Characters die without really being dead. Marriages rise and fall. Secret parents are revealed. Evil twins and clones show up on the regular. Alliances shift like sand dunes. And then the timelines are blown up as they become weighed down under the sheer amount of storytelling detritus. Which was fine when comics were just a niche hobby. But now caped crusaders are big business and with that comes a mainstream audience that doesn't know why Thor's new love interest currently seems to like girls or that Magneto's daughter will be on Fox's show The Gifted.
But nothing Hollywood has attempted yet holds a candle to the insanity that is the X-Men: Dark Phoenix saga. Fox recently announced it's going ahead with a film version of the famous comic story. They even hinted that Jessica Chastain is in talks to play Lilandra Neramani, Empress of the Shi'ar. This alone indicates Fox learned their lesson by converting the Phoenix story into a terrestrial tale with 2006's X-Men: The Last Stand. This time, things are going to get weird. So who is Lilandra? That's a…complicated question.
Allison Mack leaves Federal court Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in the Brooklyn borough of New York. Federal prosecutors say the television actress best known for playing a young Superman's close friend has been charged with sex trafficking for helping recruit women to be slaves of a man who sold himself as a self-improvement guru. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
Allison Mack leaves Federal Court on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in the Brooklyn borough of New York. Mack, an actress best known for playing a young Superman's friend, has been granted bail while fighting charges that she helped recruit women into a cult-like group. A federal judge in Brooklyn agreed Tuesday to release Allison Mack on $5 million bond and place her under home detention in California. She'll be living with her parents. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
FILE – This June 26, 2012, file photo shows television actress Allison Mack at a party in Los Angeles. Federal prosecutors say television actress Allison Mack, from “Smallville” has been charged with sex trafficking for helping recruit women to be slaves of a man who sold himself as a self-improvement guru. Mack, 35, was accused in an indictment unsealed Friday in federal court in Brooklyn. She was scheduled to appear in court later Friday. (Photo by Todd Williamson/Invision/AP, File)
Actress Allison Mack was bailed out of jail Tuesday after a hearing at a Brooklyn courthouse, where she's charged with helping recruit women as sex slaves for the leader of a self-improvement group, The Associated Press reported.
A federal judge agreed to release Mack, who was arrested last week, on $5 million bond and place her under home detention. She'll be living with her parents at their home in Los Alamitos as she awaits trial, the AP reported.
Mack pleaded not guilty to a sex trafficking charge after her arrest.
Sign up for our breaking news email newsletter: When major local news happens, you will be the first to know. Subscribe here
Mack on Tuesday was released on conditions including having no contact with the self-improvement group in upstate New York called NXIVM, the AP reported. The leader of that group, Keith Raniere, also has been arrested.
Mack, 35, starred in The CW network's “Smallville,” which ended in 2011. She played a teenage friend of Superman.
Rick O'Genski is a scrap metal dealer and inventor in Trail, B.C.
“It was a Saturday morning in June 2012. It was drizzling, and there was on-and-off rain all night. A friend of mine was here; he camps out once in a while in his motor home, and we have a bonfire and kick back and relax and have a few beers. He was getting ready to go, and all of a sudden the rain started coming down pretty hard. It was just black—you couldn't see 10 feet in front of you. It was just a blur. I've never seen it like that in my life.
My property's a couple miles outside town. Above my place is a road used for maintenance of the power lines and cutting trees. The rain usually takes the path of the power-line road; when we get a heavy rain, it pours down the road and bypasses my property. But this time there was a washout, which dammed that road with a rockslide. It diverted the water right into my backyard.
We stood and watched the rain, and then I heard something out back. I ran and opened the door, and water started coming in. An eight-foot-wide creek that wasn't there before was now in my backyard. I couldn't get the door shut.
It came right through the shop, and it pretty much filled the shop with muck. The water was totally brown. It was ankle-deep at that point, but then it got bigger and bigger. It was probably a foot deep at the highest level. Then lightning hit and took out the power and the phones. It was pretty scary.
Today, you wouldn't be able to tell. It kind of coated my property in three or four inches of silt—dusty, ugly stuff. My friend was here with his pressure washer the next day and we washed it, but there's still the risk of mould, so I'm trying to keep my
eye on things. It flooded out my water system for a bit, but I've got that back. Had it been a really nice house, there would have probably been $20,000 worth of damage—that's the good part. I can still see the vegetation where it's flattened, where the water came down.”
— as told to Kate Lunau
This article originally appeared in the Maclean's Extreme Weather issue in 2012.
WASHINGTON – South Carolina Republican Sen. Tim Scott might be the decisive vote in determining whether fast-food executive Andrew Puzder becomes the next secretary of labor.
And it could be a tough vote for Scott, a first-term senator. While Democrats assail Puzder's record, noting that he has faced racial discrimination lawsuits over his Carl's Jr. and Hardee's restaurants, the issue of discrimination has long been an important one for Scott, the Senate's only black Republican.
President Donald Trump is in danger of losing his first Cabinet nominee in the U.S. Senate, with Scott among a handful of Republicans who so far have refused to line up behind Puzder.
Four of them – Scott, Susan Collins of Maine, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Johnny Isakson of Georgia – sit on the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, which is scheduled to grill Puzder on Thursday for the first time.
Isakson has sent conflicting signals on how he will vote. His spokeswoman, Amanda Maddox, said the senator wouldn't take a position until after the hearing, but last week he called Puzder “an outstanding appointee” who would be a great leader of the U.S. Department of Labor, even though he said that questions remained about the nominee's hiring of a housekeeper who was in the U.S. illegally.
When the panel voted 12-11 to advance the nomination of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, Collins and Murkowski sided with the majority. They then voted against DeVos in the final confirmation vote.
Should they do that again, Scott could end up deciding whether the committee will sign off on Puzder. The nomination has to pass out of committee before the Senate has a chance to vote next month on one of the president's most controversial appointments.
While Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and other top Republicans are rallying behind Puzder, Washington state Sen. Patty Murray, the top Democrat on the panel, said Puzder should withdraw to avoid a bruising embarrassment Thursday.
“I think a lot is going to come out, and every senator is going to have asked themselves: ‘Is this the kind of person I want to refer my constituent to as overseeing the workplace policies in this country?'” Murray said in an interview. “My message to Sen. Scott, or any senator at this point, is to really look at this man's record and the policies he has promoted in the workplace.”
In a brief interview at the Capitol on Tuesday afternoon, Scott said: “I will make my decision known after Thursday.”
Asked about his biggest concerns, he said: “All of the ones that we've heard publicly are the ones that I'm most concerned with, but ultimately I want to hear what he has to say.”
Scott's spokeswoman, Michele Exner, said the senator regarded the hearing “as an important process.” She said his common practice, with few exceptions, had been to wait until after a confirmation hearing before deciding how to vote.
'Dead' journalist shows up at news conference Russian journalist reportedly shot dead yesterday appears today at news conference, says murder was staged by Ukrainian law enforcement. Contact Editor Reut Hadar,
Istock Video camera Yesterday, Arkady Babchenko, a Russian journalist known as a strong opponent of the Kremlin, was reported to have been murdered in the doorway of his home in Kiev.
Today, Wednesday, the supposedly “dead” Babchenko surprised the press by convening a press conference and announcing that the entire assassination was staged by Ukrainian law enforcement.
During the press conference, he thanked the Ukrainian security services for saving his life.
The head of the Ukrainian security service said that the publication of Babechenko's death was intended to help capture the suspects who planned to kill him.
top
(AP Photo/Petros Karadjias). An elderly woman sits outside a shop reading a book as a couple of tourists walk in central capital Nicosia, Cyprus, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Barely seven months on from the latest failure to reunify the east Mediterranean isl...
(AP Photo/Petros Karadjias). Two men walk at main shopping centre in central capital Nicosia, Cyprus, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Barely seven months on from the latest failure to reunify the east Mediterranean island nation of Cyprus, Greek Cypriots are gea...
(AP Photo/Petros Karadjias). An elderly woman sits outside a shop and reads a book in central capital Nicosia, Cyprus, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Barely seven months on from the latest failure to reunify the east Mediterranean island nation of Cyprus, Greek...
(AP Photo/Petros Karadjias). A man uses his mobile phone as sits on a bench next to a "Peace" sign in central capital Nicosia, Cyprus, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Barely seven months on from the latest failure to reunify the east Mediterranean island nation ...
By MENELAOS HADJICOSTIS
Associated Press
NICOSIA, Cyprus (AP) - Greek Cypriots are gearing up for a presidential runoff on Sunday, barely seven months after the latest failure to reunify the eastern Mediterranean island nation of Cyprus.
President Nicos Anastasiades is looking to reprise his triumph over left-leaning Stavros Malas in 2013 when the two men faced each other. Earlier polls had shown Anastasiades beating Malas convincingly in Sunday's runoff, but Malas' strong showing in last weekend's first round of voting might make it a closer race.
Voters are skeptical about whether anyone can lead them out of the labyrinth of the decades-old division with Turkish Cypriots.
Cyprus was divided into a Greek-speaking south and a Turkish-speaking north in 1974 when Turkey invaded following a coup by supporters of union with Greece. Only Turkey recognizes a Turkish Cypriot declaration of independence and keeps more than 35,000 troops in the north.
Anastasiades, 71, who says it will be his last term in office if re-elected, is counting on his track record of turning the economy around after a 2013 financial crisis that saw unemployment soar and salaries slashed. He has also been trumpeting his role in steering peace talks with breakaway Turkish Cypriots farther than anyone else since the 1974 split.
By contrast, the 50-year-old Malas is hoping his relative youth will strike a chord with the 550,000 eligible voters, many of whom are disillusioned by the acrimonious breakdown of the latest round of peace talks and years of economic uncertainty that's shaken the confidence of the middle class.
Anastasiades and Malas secured 35.5 and 30.2 percent of the vote, respectively, in the first round, setting up potentially a tighter than anticipated final vote.
Both were busy trying to reach out to the supporters of candidates that have been eliminated, notably those of the center-right Nicholas Papadopoulos, son of late former President Tassos Papadopoulos, who came in third with more than 100,000 votes - or 25.7 percent of the vote.
Nicholas Papadopoulos backs a tougher approach to the peace talks, arguing that both final candidates have been willing to make too many concessions to Turkish Cypriots. Papadopoulos and the coalition that backed him have decided not to endorse either candidate in the runoff.
Conscious of Papadopoulos' sizeable voter support, Anastasiades and Malas have sought to ease concerns about how far they're willing to go in peace talks. Both insisted that they wouldn't agree to a Turkish demand to incorporate military intervention rights and a permanent troop presence into any peace deal.
Turkey's intentions on Cyprus lie at the root of Greek Cypriot fears, and political leaders broadly agree on the need to lift Ankara's hand from a reunified Cyprus. Anastasiades has repeatedly said that Turkey wants to turn the island into its "protectorate."
A recent opinion poll found that nearly 90 percent of Greek Cypriots don't believe there will be an agreement any time soon.
Aiming to keep hopes for peace alive, both candidates said among their first acts in office if elected would be to approach Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa Akinci in hopes of reviving negotiations.
Most voters who supported Papadopoulos will cast their ballots for who they consider the least bad candidate, political analyst Giorgos Kentas said.
With both Anastasiades and Malas perceived to be on the same page regarding peace talks, voter preference may boil down to which candidate voters trust most to deliver the most benefits from an economy on the mend.
Anastasiades says a Malas presidency will bring in a period of overspending that will hobble the economy once again.
Malas argues that Anastasiades has little credibility - the incumbent backtracked in 2013 and accepted a rescue package from creditors that forced the seizure of savings over 100,000 euros in Cyprus' two largest banks.
He also says Anastasiades' fiscal policies are geared toward the wealthy rather than ordinary households that aren't reaping the benefits of an economy growing at around 4 percent, one of the highest in Europe.
___
This story has been corrected to show that Stavros Malas secured 30.2 percent of the vote in the first round, not 35.2 percent.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
China's supreme court threw out a retail tycoon's fraud conviction on Thursday in an unusual show of leniency toward entrepreneurs amid a string of high-profile detentions and prosecutions that has rattled the Chinese business world.
Zhang Wenzhong, former chairman of one of China's biggest retail chains, Wumart Stores Inc., was released in February after serving 12 years in prison on charges that included improperly obtaining technology development subsidies.
The Supreme People's Court ruled that while Zhang, a computer scientist who studied at Stanford University and founded Wumart in the 1990s, violated rules in applying for the subsidies, he did so unintentionally and his company was eligible to receive them.
Zhang and another executive who was convicted had no "subjective intention" to commit fraud, the court said. It said their conviction was a "misapplication of the law and should be corrected."
The ruling was a rare success by a high-profile defendant in a law enforcement system that is in the midst of a marathon crackdown led by President Xi Jinping on official corruption and financial misconduct.
A series of Chinese businesspeople have been prosecuted or detained for questioning since 2016 about possible offenses including fraud, embezzlement and bribery.
On Wednesday, a lawyer for the imprisoned founder of China's biggest privately owned insurance company said he will appeal an 18-year prison sentence on fraud charges. Wu Xiaohui of Anbang Insurance, which owns New York City's Waldorf Hotel, was convicted of improperly raising billions of dollars from investors and diverting company to his own use.
The founder of a Shanghai-based company that was buying a stake in Russia's biggest oil producer, Rosneft, was detained in March, according to news reports. A Chinese-born Canadian businessman disappeared from Hong Kong in early 2017 and news reports say he might have been abducted by mainland police for possible trial.
Zhang was accused of improperly obtaining 31.9 million yuan ($4.9 million) from a government program for a logistics and information management project. Prosecutors said only state-owned companies were eligible and Zhang colluded with a subsidiary of a government enterprise, China Chentong, to obtain the money.
The supreme court said the rules had changed by the time Wumart applied and private companies were eligible.
"It is in accordance with the industrial and development policies of that time," the court said.
It gave no indication why a lower court that upheld Zhang's conviction in 2009 failed to notice the rule change that would have freed him.
Zhang stepped down as chairman of Wumart's parent company after being detained in 2006.
The supreme court also overturned Zhang's conviction on charges he and other investors improperly used 40 million yuan ($6.1 million) from a customer's account at an insurance company to trade stocks.
The facts of that case were unclear and "lacked sufficient evidence," the court said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The national security adviser is the president's policy whisperer and confidant on military matters, diplomacy, intelligence, terrorism — even the odd hurricane. The adviser usually enjoys unmatched trust with the chief executive and lots of behind-the-scenes clout.
A man-made hurricane consumed the latest one.
A look at the job:
OUT LIKE FLYNN
No other national security adviser has gone out quite like Michael Flynn, who lasted less than a month, a record low. Before Flynn was forced out as President Donald Trump's national security adviser, the Obama administration fired him for insubordination in 2014, when he was defense intelligence chief.
At issue this time: Flynn's contact with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. late last year, which raised questions about whether he was freelancing on policy about Russian sanctions while President Barack Obama was still in office and how he misled Trump officials about the calls. Trump wanted him to step down because of an "eroding level of trust," said White House spokesman Sean Spicer.
___
AT THE CENTER
In his brief tenure, Flynn was at the heart of deliberations over provocative missile tests by North Korea and Iran, close to the president's side in his meetings and calls with world leaders and privy to all manner of secrets by virtue of his position straddling the military, diplomatic and intelligence components of national security.
Democrats want to find out when Trump knew of the circumstances that eventually got Flynn fired and why he was allowed to maintain his access when it emerged that he had not given an accurate account of his communications with the ambassador.
___
'DE-HOT' THE WORLD:
That's how banker Robert Cutler described the nature of his counsel to President Dwight D. Eisenhower when he served as the first national security adviser, starting in 1953.
Cutler set the template in terms of discretion. Said his New York Times obituary in 1974: "No man in the Government, except the President, knew more of the nation's strategic secrets; yet no other man so high in the Administration was so little known outside the President's inner circle."
___
THAT'S NOT TO SAY THEY'RE PEACENIKS
Hardly. There have been hawks aplenty. McGeorge Bundy, for one, pushed an expansion of U.S. fighting in Vietnam while working as national security adviser to presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson.
___
NOT HOUSEHOLD NAMES
Many aren't well-known to the public when they come into the job or all that famous when they leave. Dillon Anderson, anyone? He served in 1955-56.
Among the very well known: the two women, among 20 men, who have been national security adviser: Condoleezza Rice, who served George W. Bush in his first term before becoming secretary of state; and Susan Rice, Obama's second-term national security adviser. Rice was ambassador to the U.N. in his first term.
Trump on Tuesday appointed retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg on an acting basis.
___
OH HENRY
It's hard to overstate the influence Henry Kissinger wielded on Richard Nixon from the dawn of his presidency to its bitter final days.
Kissinger was such a driver of foreign policy and more that Nixon had him multitask as national security adviser and secretary of state during his second term, abbreviated by Nixon's 1974 resignation. Kissinger, the longest-serving national security adviser, kept both jobs for more than a year under President Gerald Ford, then finished Ford's term as secretary of state only.
Colin Powell was national security adviser under Ronald Reagan and later chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton, and secretary of state under George W. Bush.
___
WHAT COUNTS AS NATIONAL SECURITY?
National security advisers have not been limited to traditional threats to the U.S. Stephen Hadley, for example, was involved in the federal emergency response to Hurricane Katrina during George W. Bush's administration and Susan Rice took up climate change as a matter of national security during Obama's second term.
NYON, Switzerland (AP) — Draw Monday for the last 16 of the Champions League:
___
First Leg=
Feb. 13-21=
Juventus (Italy) vs. Tottenham (England)
Basel (Switzerland) vs. Manchester City (England)
Porto (Portugal) vs. Liverpool (England)
Sevilla (Spain) vs. Manchester United (England)
Real Madrid (Spain) vs. Paris Saint-Germain (France)
Shakhtar Donetsk (Ukraine) vs. Roma (Italy)
Chelsea (England) vs. Barcelona (Spain)
Bayern Munich (Germany) vs. Besiktas (Turkey)
___
Second Leg=
March 6-14=
Tottenham (England) vs. Juventus (Italy)
Manchester City (England) vs. Basel (Switzerland)
Liverpool (England) vs. Porto (Portugal)
Manchester United (England) vs. Sevilla (Spain)
Paris Saint-Germain (France) vs. Real Madrid (Spain)
Roma (Italy) vs. Shakhtar Donetsk (Ukraine)
Barcelona (Spain) vs. Chelsea (England)
Besiktas (Turkey) vs. Bayern Munich (Germany)
Getty Image
In a June 2011 episode of a conspiracy mongering radio program, Aroostook Watchmen, Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore can be heard agreeing that all of the constitutional amendments after the 10th should be eliminated. For some point of reference, the 13th amendment abolished slavery, the 15th prohibited the government from denying citizens the right to vote based on that person's “race, color, or previous condition of servitude,” and the 19th extended the right to vote to women.
When one of the hosts remarked that he would like to see an amendment that would abolish all of the amendments after 10, Moore agreed. “That would eliminate many problems. You know people don't understand how some of these amendments have completely tried to wreck the form of government that our forefathers intended,” he replied.
Moore took particular umbrage with the 14th and 17th amendments, which outlaws unreasonable searches and seizures and allows for the direct election of senators by voters as opposed to state legislatures, respectively. The 14th amendment, which was passed during the Civil War Reconstruction period, guaranteed citizenship, equal rights, and protection to former slaves.
“Yeah, it had very serious problems with its approval by the states,” Moore replied. “The danger in the 14th Amendment, which was to restrict, it has been a restriction on the states using the first Ten Amendments by and through the 14th Amendment. To restrict the states from doing something that the federal government was restricted from doing and allowing the federal government to do something which the first Ten Amendments prevented them from doing. If you understand the incorporation doctrine used by the courts and what it meant. You'd understand what I'm talking about.”
In an earlier episode of the Aroostook Watchmen in May of 2011, Moore questioned the legitimacy of the 9/11 attacks and that the investigation should be revisited to find out “what really happened.” Moore has been accused of sexual assault or preying on over a half dozen of then-teenage girls when he was in his 30s. You can listen to his interview below.
(Via CNN)
Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Francisco Cervelli (29) and Colorado Rockies catcher Tony Wolters (14) argue after Cervelli was hit by a pitch during the fifth inning before the benches cleared during a baseball game in Pittsburgh, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. (AP Photo/Jared Wickerham)
PITTSBURGH (AP) -- The Colorado Rockies, road warriors?
Believe it.
Ian Desmond hit his fourth home run of the season and rookie German Marquez pitched effectively into the sixth inning as the surprising Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5-1 on Wednesday night to snap a three-game losing streak.
Marquez (5-3) gave up one run and four hits in five-plus innings as Colorado avoided being swept for the first time this season. Raimel Tapia went 4 for 4 and scored three times for the Rockies. Jake McGee bailed Colorado out of a bases-loaded, one-out jam in the seventh.
The Rockies have won a major-league best 25 games on the road.
''They persevere, they stay at it,'' manager Bud Black said. ''There's sort of a quiet tenacity to our group.''
The Pirates managed just one extra-base hit and left eight men on as their season-high four-game winning streak came to an end.
Chad Kuhl (1-6) remained winless since April 8. He gave up three runs in five innings and his ERA sits at 5.61 through 12 starts, though he's improved of late. Kuhl's ERA is 3.60 over his last three appearances. Manager Clint Hurdle plans on keeping Kuhl in the rotation for now.
''As far as the battle, the fight, it was there,'' Hurdle said. ''Talking about 3-0 (when Kuhl exits). Yeah it's not what you're looking for leaving the clubhouse, then again it's not like he got barreled up.''
The Rockies are one of the biggest surprises in the majors, fueled by a starting rotation dotted with rookies and a newfound competence away from Coors Field. The 22-year-old Marquez is helping lead the way. He improved to 3-1 with a 3.00 ERA on the road after keeping the surging Pirates in check then relying on the bullpen to do the rest.
''He was a little erratic at times, but the stuff was good and he made some pitches when he needed to,'' Black said.
Marquez bounced back from the shortest outing of his brief career (three innings in a loss to the Chicago Cubs last Friday) to work into the sixth. By then the Rockies already had a 3-0 lead.
Desmond sent a pitch from Kuhl just over the reach of left fielder John Jaso with one out in the second to put Colorado up. The Rockies added two more in the fifth. Desmond led off with a walk and scored on Trevor Story's RBI-single. Tapia then darted home when Pittsburgh first baseman Josh Bell couldn't field Marquez's sacrifice bunt.
The Pirates had a chance to get back in it in the seventh, loading the bases with one out. McGee came on and got Adam Frazier to fly out to center then struck out Josh Harrison on three pitches.
''Five, six and seven we're out there,'' Hurdle said. ''If we get one of those innings to click, it's a different game.''
Pittsburgh didn't threaten again as Colorado won for just the third time in its last 14 games at PNC Park.
HOT HEADS
The benches cleared briefly in the fifth after Marquez hit Pittsburgh catcher Francisco Cervelli in the left arm with a pitch. Cervelli, activated off the 10-day DL earlier in the day after recovering from a concussion, exchanged words with Colorado catcher Tony Wolters. Players and coaches made their way onto the field but quickly dispersed.
''When you get hit at 98 you get scared man,'' Cervelli said. ''As a catcher, your job is avoided the fight and not just be talking and looking for fights, that's it.''
CARGO BENCHED
Black is giving struggling outfielder Carlos Gonzalez a break hoping it will help him break out of an extended funk. Gonzalez, a three-time All-Star, is hitting just .215 this season and is 0 for 24 over his last seven games.
''You can look at the numbers and they're not good right now,'' Black said. ''But he's going to come out of it.''
TRADE COMPLETED
The Pirates shipped minor-league pitcher Matt Frawley to the New York Yankees to complete the April 17 trade that sent reliever Johnny Barbato to Pittsburgh. The 21-year-old Frawley was 3-1 with three saves and a 1.62 ERA for Pittsburgh's Class-A affiliate West Virginia.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Pirates: LHP Antonino Bastardo (left squad strain) will stay in Triple-A for the time being as he works his way back. Bastardo, out since mid-May, has allowed three runs in 7 1/3 innings across seven appearances for the Indians.
UP NEXT
Rockies: Begin a seven-game homestand on Thursday against San Francisco. Colorado rookie Jeff Hoffman (4-0, 2.33) will look for his fifth straight victory. Matt Moore (2-7, 5.28) starts for the Giants.
Pirates: Are off Thursday and open a three-game home set with the Cubs on Friday. Trevor Williams (3-3, 5.13 ERA) faces Eddie Butler (3-2, 4.03) in the opener.
---
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — A federal judge overseeing the restructuring of Puerto Rico's debt has created a mediation team to help resolve the U.S. territory's bankruptcy cases.
Laura Taylor Swain said in a ruling Wednesday that five federal judges have been appointed to the team. All settlement negotiations will be confidential.
The team will be led by Chief Judge Barbara Houser of the U.S. bankruptcy court for Texas' northern district. Houser is expected to provide details of the mediation process at a June 28 hearing in Puerto Rico.
Swain said the mediation process will remain separate from any bankruptcy cases and will be seen concurrently with those.
Puerto Rico is mired in a 10-year economic recession and seeking to restructure a portion of its $73 billion public debt.
U.S. intelligence agencies and Congress will continue to investigate Russia's involvement in the 2016 presidential election, even after President Donald Trump fired his national security adviser for providing inaccurate accounts of his contacts with the Russian ambassador last year.
Democrats said an independent investigation was the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration's ties to Russia. But Republican leaders continue to refuse to consider that option and said three congressional investigations underway were enough.
Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was fired late Monday. The White House said he misled Vice President Mike Pence about his contacts with the Russian ambassador.
This isn't the first time Trump has distanced himself from an adviser in light of relationships with Moscow. In late August, Paul Manafort resigned as Trump's campaign chairman after disclosures by The Associated Press about his firm's covert lobbying on behalf of Ukraine's former pro-Russia governing political party. Trump has long held a friendly posture toward the long-time U.S. adversary and has been reluctant to criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin, even for Putin's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014.
"This isn't simply about a change in policy toward Russia, as the administration would like to portray. It's what's behind that change in policy," said California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, one of the congressional bodies investigating.
Under the Obama administration, U.S. intelligence agencies said Russia interfered in the 2016 election with the goal of electing Trump. Trump has acknowledged that Russia hacked Democratic emails but denies it was to help him win.
The New York Times reported late Tuesday that members of Trump's campaign, including Manafort, had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence officials during the year before the election. The U.S. knew about these contacts through phone records and intercepted calls, the Times said.
Reached late Tuesday, Manafort told The Associated Press he has not been interviewed by the FBI about these alleged contacts.
"I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today," Manafort said.
Officials who spoke with the Times anonymously said they had not yet seen any evidence of the Trump campaign cooperating with the Russians on hacking or other attempts to influence the election.
The investigations and the unusual firing of the national security adviser just 24 days into his job have put Republicans in the awkward position of investigating the leader of their party. The congressional probes are ultimately in the hands of the Republican committee chairmen, and the executive branch's investigation is now overseen by Trump appointees.
Republican leaders focused on the idea that Flynn misled Pence about the nature of his contacts with the Russian ambassador — not on any questioning of the relationship between Flynn and the ambassador. Democrats said a key issue is whether Flynn broke diplomatic protocol and potentially the law by discussing U.S. sanctions with Moscow before Trump's inauguration. Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, said the committee had not yet seen the transcripts of Flynn's calls.
The Justice Department had warned the White House late last month that Flynn could be at risk for blackmail because of contradictions between his public depictions of the calls with the Russian ambassador and what intelligence officials knew about the conversations.
"You cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice president and others," said Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.
California Rep. Devin Nunes, chairman of the House intelligence committee, said he was concerned Flynn's rights were violated in the interception of his conversations with the Russian ambassador.
"I'm just shocked that nobody's covering the real crime here," Nunes said. "You have an American citizen who had his phone call recorded and then leaked to the media."
The FBI has wide legal authority to eavesdrop on the conversations of foreign intelligence targets, including diplomats, inside the U.S.
Flynn did not concede any wrongdoing in his resignation letter, saying merely that he "inadvertently briefed the vice president elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador."
While North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr, chairman of the Senate intelligence committee, said much of the panel's investigation will occur behind closed doors, Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden said he planned to push to make the findings and hearings public.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump did not direct Flynn to discuss U.S. sanctions with the Russians. "No, absolutely not," Spicer said.
———
Associated Press writers Eric Tucker, Erica Werner, Richard Lardner, Chad Day and Deb Riechmann contributed to this report.
A chief rabbi of Ukraine called on the Israeli government to suspend school trips to Poland and have them in his country because of Warsaw's new bill on Nazi crimes.
Rabbi Moshe Azman made the suggestion in a letter he sent to Education Minister Naftali Bennett (Jewish Home) on Thursday, a day after the Polish Senate passed a measure that proposes to outlaw rhetoric in which Poland is blamed for Nazi crimes.
The State of Israel and many Jewish organizations, including the Simon Wiesenthal Center, Yad Vashem and the European Jewish Congress, say the legislation risks blurring historical truth, as many Poles participated as individuals or as members of some resistance militias in murdering Jews or betraying them to the Nazi occupation forces. They also acknowledge that Polish authorities were not part of the Nazi campaign of annihilation against the Jews during the Holocaust.
Following the bill in Poland to “forbid telling the truth on what happened during the Holocaust in Poland,” Azman wrote, “I urge you to cancel the March of the Living for Israeli school students.” The march brings individuals from around the world to Poland and Israel to study the history of the Holocaust.
In 2015, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko signed a law honoring Ukrainian independence fighters, including militiamen complicit in the murder of tens of thousands of Jews. Another law signed by him makes it illegal to “insult” or “question the legitimacy” of these fighters.
As the “chief rabbi of Ukraine, I propose having the March of the Living this year in Ukraine,” added Azman, who also wrote that the move he is proposing would amount to “imposing a fine on Poland” to the tune of tens of millions of dollars that Israeli participants of the March of the Living spend in Poland.
“Ukraine has many places fit for a March of the Living: Babi Yar in Kiev, Drobytsky Yar in Kharkiv, Janowska concentration camp in Lviv and dozens of other places where Jews suffered and were murdered in a terrible tragedy,” he wrote. Azman said this “fine” was appropriate because “there is serious concern about anti-Semitism against Jewish communities and institutions” in Poland. He also called the legislation, which was drafted to counter the phrase “Polish death camps,” an “anti-Semitic legislation designed to silence history and witnesses to the Holocaust.”
Unlike in Poland, the Nazi occupation forces in Ukraine drafted thousands of local volunteers to actively assist in the murder of almost a million Jews in what is today Ukraine. The Nazis allowed the establishment of a Ukrainian SS division, the 1st Galician. The OUN resistance group to Russia fought for a time in coordination with the Germans, who did not allow Poles to possess arms. The OUN and UPA were also implicated in the murder of thousands of non-Jewish ethnic Poles, who were not Jewish.
In its annual report on anti-Semitism, Israel's Ministry for Diaspora Affairs said that the number of recorded anti-Semitic attacks documented in Ukraine in 2017 surpassed the tally of all such incidents in the entire former Soviet Union. More than 130 incidents were recorded in Ukraine last year, the ministry told JTA, double the total for 2016.
At least one researcher on anti-Semitism in Ukraine, Vyacheslav Likhachev, who is affiliated with the Vaad Association of Jewish Communities and Organizations of Ukraine, dismissed the report as unprofessional and false.
The report also highlighted the glorification of Nazi allies by Ukrainian historians, including Vladimir Vyatrovich, the director of Ukraine's Institute of National Remembrance. He told Radio Liberty last week: “It is a pity, but the results of the influence of [Russian] propaganda are felt even by documents of certain Israeli institutions.”
Have you started Hallowe'en crafting yet? DIY Expert Denise Wild is here with some great ideas to add a little fun to the big night.
Being DUPed at the general election
Recently, we've had 52 per cent of the electorate voting to leave the EU, citing immigration, EU bureaucracy and diminished sovereignty as the key issues.
Now, we've had 42 per cent of the electorate willing to trust Mrs May with the resulting ‘Brexit'.
That's despite Mrs May's former Remain stance, and her abject failure to control non-EU immigration while Home Secretary– something she had absolute sovereignty over.
Questions also have to be asked over the logic of an electorate willing to walk away from a free trade deal with the EU, while desperately wanting a free trade deal with the….. EU?
Of course, many think the Conservatives will be far better at running the country.
That's despite the national debt growing to £1.7 trillion, up a third since 2010.
And despite harsh ‘austerity' measures that have caused a huge spike in poverty, foodbank use and homelessness, and has brought both the NHS and social care to the verge of collapse.
Of course, many still believe the Conservatives to be much better at security.
That's also despite Mrs May cutting 20,000 from the police force and expecting it to have no difference on…security. So, does the electorate really know what it wants?
Before the election, some criticised Corbyn for his views on Trident and for his former links to Sinn Fein.
Yet they are seemingly happy for Mrs May to shack-up with the Democratic Unionist Party, a party with exactly the same connections to terrorism.
Talk about being DUP-ed?
Paul Dodenhoff
via email
politics
Did May want to lose?
Almost the “best” possible result – Tories still in power with fewer members and the Democratic Unionists standing more openly as Government supporters.
How will Irish Nationalists react to the DUP calling the shots in Westminster?
How can they share power in Stormont when the Unionists exert over-riding power in Westminster?
The election victory is one for our first-past-the-post voting system.
The Tories are hoist by their own petard!
Mobilising relatively few younger voters and targeting by a progressive alliance has taken seats from the Tories, and indeed from the Lib Dems.
Labour won't have to face the embarrassment of having to carry out carefully-costed promises without funds in the financial and economic car-crash that Brexit is likely to prove.
Did Theresa May cleverly engineer the Tory collapse through the dementia tax fiasco and fog around Brexit negotiations, the failed cult of ‘the leader' and lack of financial information?
It would not be surprising if she had secretly hoped that it would be the “coalition of chaos” that faced the impossible task of negotiating an advantageous Brexit.
John Hall
Address supplied
politics
Marxists could govern us
Theresa May won the election, in terms of seats and popular votes. She failed to win a working majority for the following reasons.
Firstly, a bad campaign team failed to appreciate that her opponent is a street fighter. Corbyn's life has been one long engagement with protest meetings.
May was, and is, too genteel by comparison.
He was, therefore, allowed to get away with outrageous promises, such as no tuition fees for university students, an action that would have cost a minimum of £11bn.
Secondly, Labour used the social media to dupe the under 30s. They know little about Corbyn's support of terrorist organisations, and care even less.
His stance on Trident, and his antipathy towards our armed services is of no consequence to an age group reared on Twitter, Xbox games and intent on causing political mischief.
The under 20s are rebels like Corbyn.
It has always been so.
Thirdly, Tory social care proposals were deliberately distorted by Labour and these were allowed to be repeated without proper rebuttal.
Many people do not need the winter fuel allowance.
Fourthly, Labour is dead. It has been taken over by a Marxist/ Trotskyist clique, manipulated by Momentum and others.
The Democratic Labour Party and the giants of the past that headed it are gone.
They have been replaced by an inexperienced, irresponsible and incompetent group of politicians who care little for this nation.
Before the next election, young voters, in particular, need to read about the miseries, the sheer incompetence and the stultifying regimes that Marxist/ Trotskyists, who governed Russia, Cuba, and much of Eastern Europe, inflicted on people.
Such regimes still rule in North Korea and places like Venezuela. Wake up before we have one here.
Dr Barry Clayton
Address supplied
politics
My vote was for Corbyn
Mark Hendrick should not delude himself that his increased majority in the election was down to his previous performance as an MP.
I voted for him because he was on the Labour ticket.
The policies of Jeremy Corbyn was my prime reason for voting Labour.
Mark has consistently sat on the fence, instead of supporting his leader. Now is the time for him and other Labour MPs to demonstrate faith in his leadership, previously lacking in them.
He deserves it for the next election, which may arise sooner than people think.
Denis Lee
Ashton
POLITICS
Ne'er cast
a clout ....
Before being humiliatingly denied her cherished hard EU exit mandate, Theresa May said that Jeremy Corbyn would find himself “alone and naked in the negotiating chamber”.
Ne'er cast a clout till May is out?
J Robin Hughes
via email
politics
Thank you for re-electing me
I am writing to thank the residents of Chorley for re-electing me as their MP.
I am proud that once again the people of Chorley have given me the opportunity to represent them.
It is a privilege to be elected and I look forward to the challenges ahead.
Many thanks once again.
Lindsay Hoyle
Member of Parliament for Chorley
The Supreme Court on Monday said BCCI'S acting Secretary Amitabh Choudhary will attend the ICC meeting on April 24, accompanied by the Indian apex cricketing body's CEO Rahul Johri.
Justice Dipak Misra, Justice AM Khanwilkar and Justice DY Chandrachud said Choudhary will attend the ICC's board and financial and commercial committee meetings.
Johri would attend the Chief Executives' Committee meeting.
The Committee of Administrators had asked the Supreme Court to nominate a BCCI representative at the ICC. IT had also asked to clarify whether office bearers disqualified by the Lodha Committee's recommendations could return as representatives of state associations or the BCCI.
COA filed the application after former BCCI President N Srinivasan and Secretary Niranjan Shah attended the meetings ahead of the special general body meeting of the BCCI.
Earlier, the crucial BCCI SGM was adjourned on April 2 as the board awaited the Supreme Court's verdict on the eligibility of the members who could be present in the meeting.
Anti-nuclear weapon campaigner ICAN wins Nobel Peace Prize
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) won the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize Friday for its “efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons,” the Norwegian Nobel Committee announced.
“The organization is receiving the award for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons,” Berit Reiss-Andersen, chairperson of the five-member committee, said in her announcement.
Nuclear weapons are not yet subject to any international legal prohibition such as what land mines, cluster munitions and biological and chemical weapons face, she said. “Through its work, ICAN has helped to fill this legal gap.”
ICAN, a coalition of non-governmental organizations from around 100 different countries, “has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world's nations to pledge to cooperate with all relevant stakeholders in efforts to stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons,” Reiss-Andersen said.
She said the Norwegian Nobel Committee wished to emphasize that the next steps towards attaining a world free of nuclear weapons must involve the nuclear-armed states.
“This year's Peace Prize is therefore also a call upon these states to initiate serious negotiations with a view to the gradual, balanced and carefully monitored elimination of the almost 15,000 nuclear weapons in the world,” Reiss-Andersen said.
She noted that five of the states that currently have nuclear weapons — the United States, Russia, Britain, France and China — have already committed to this objective through their accession to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons of 1970.
“The Non-Proliferation Treaty will remain the primary international legal instrument for promoting nuclear disarmament and preventing further spread of such weapons,” she said.
There are 318 candidates for the Nobel Peace Prize for 2017, out of which 215 are individuals and 103 are organizations. This was the second highest number of candidates ever as the record of 376 candidates was set in 2016.
Spectacular video of Eiffel Tower struck by lightning More France has endured extreme weather the past few days, with record rainfall and multiple bolts of lightning hitting the country. Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Spectacular video of Eiffel Tower struck by lightning -- This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: The latest details on Harry and Meghan's honeymoon
Now Playing: Spectacular video of Eiffel Tower struck by lightning
Now Playing: Belgian police say man in suspected terror attack was set to return to prison
Now Playing: EU proposes to ban plastic straws, stirs, and cotton buds
Now Playing: Family thanks man who rescued boy dangling from apartment
Now Playing: 2 cops among 3 dead in Belgium shooting
Now Playing: Ex-North Korean spy chief reportedly heading to US for talks
Now Playing: Citizenship, job offered to man who scaled building to save child
Now Playing: Man scales building to save 4-year-old boy
Now Playing: US State Department confirms an American delegation is in North Korea
Now Playing: Border Patrol changes story about agent who shot and killed immigrant
Now Playing: Policeman punches young woman in the head on the Jersey Shore
Now Playing: New details emerge from surprise meeting of Korean leaders
Now Playing: South Korean president diffuses 'difficulties' with North Korea
Now Playing: American citizen and his wife freed from captivity in Venezuela
Now Playing: Defense secretary says 'possibly some good news' on Korean summit
Now Playing: Tubas, robots and lasers: Norway festival celebrates the sonic arts
Now Playing: South Koreans expect US-North Korea summit to take place 'eventually'
Now Playing: Fate of the Korea Summit
Now Playing: Explosion injures 15 at Toronto restaurant Now Playing: {{itm.title}}
{"id":55527317,"title":"Spectacular video of Eiffel Tower struck by lightning","duration":"0:33","description":"France has endured extreme weather the past few days, with record rainfall and multiple bolts of lightning hitting the country.","url":"/GMA/video/spectacular-video-eiffel-tower-struck-lightning-55527317","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"}
This combination of file handout pictures shows suspects Doan Thi Huong of Vietnam (L) and Siti Ashyah of Indonesia (R), who were detained in connection to the February assassination of Kim Jong-Nam, half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un (AFP Photo/Handout)
Traces of a nerve agent used to murder the half-brother of North Korea's leader were found on the clothes of two women on trial for assassinating him, a chemist testified Thursday.
His testimony is the first evidence directly linking the women to the poison VX which was used to kill Kim Jong-Nam as he waited at a crowded airport in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur.
Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong are accused of smearing VX on Kim's face in February in a Cold War-style hit that stunned the world.
Kim died an agonising death within 20 minutes of being attacked with a chemical so deadly it is listed as a weapon of mass destruction.
The women, who were arrested a few days after the killing and face death by hanging if convicted, have pleaded not guilty to murdering the estranged half-brother of Kim Jong-Un as he waited to board a flight to Macau.
The defendants say they were duped into believing they were taking part in a prank for a reality TV show and their lawyers blame North Korean agents.
The murder sparked a fierce row between Malaysia and North Korea, which is suspected of ordering the hit. Pyongyang denies the allegation.
Giving evidence Thursday, government chemist Raja Subramaniam, who is an expert on chemical weapons, said that he found traces of VX on the clothes of Aisyah, 25, and Huong, 29.
"We found a degradation product of VX on a sleeveless shirt of Siti Aisyah," he told Shah Alam High Court, outside the capital Kuala Lumpur.
Subramaniam said he found pure VX, a degraded form of the poison and a base substance used to make the poison on a t-shirt that Huong wore at the time of the attack.
The t-shirt had "LOL", an acronym for "laughing out loud", emblazoned on it.
Traces of the poison were also found on clippings of Huong's fingernails, he said.
- Chemical attack -
Asked the best method to apply VX if one's intention is to kill, the chemist responded: "If I am the one in that position I will apply on the eyes and the skin around the neck.
"The route of entry is very fast through the eyes."
CCTV footage of the attack shows the women coming up behind Kim and swiping his face with a substance before running away, and a post-mortem report showed his death was caused by VX.
But experts have been confounded by how the women allegedly carried out the hit using the chemical without causing any harm to themselves.
Defence lawyers have sought to shift blame towards four others accused on the charge sheet of working with the women to kill Kim, but who remain at large and have not been named.
Four North Korean suspects fled Malaysia on the day of the murder.
A pathologist testified Wednesday it was possible that the four other suspects could have poisoned Kim with VX before he arrived at the airport and was attacked by the women.
Kim, in his mid-40s, had been seen as a potential successor to his father and North Korea's then-leader Kim Jong-Il before he fell from grace and fled into exile overseas.
Russia is set to close major arms deals with two nations, Turkey and Saudi Arabia, once vehemently opposed to Moscow's presence in the Middle East.
In a historic visit to Moscow, Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud met with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday to discuss oil, Iran's growing sphere of influence in the Middle East and the ongoing conflict in Syria, in which Moscow and Riyadh back opposing factions. In addition to an exchange of kind words between former bitter foes, the meeting produced a deal for Saudi Arabia to purchase Russia's advanced S-400 Triumf missile defense system, according to Saudi news channel Al Arabiya, as well as promises of a rapprochement that could reshape the region.
Related: Russia, not the U.S., is now calling the shots in the Middle East with Iran and Iraq
"This is the first visit by a Saudi Arabian monarch in the history of our relations, and that in itself is a landmark event," Putin said, welcoming Salman in a grand ceremony, according to Al Jazeera. "I'm sure your visit will boost the ties between our countries."
"We aim to strengthen our relations in the interests of peace and security, in the interests of developing the world economy," Salman responded.
View photos RTS1F881 More
Sputnik/Alexei Nikolsky/Kremlin via REUTERS
While Russia and Saudi Arabia managed to smooth out disagreements over their commitments to cut energy production in order to reduce oil prices, it's less clear if they found any common ground on Syria. Saudi Arabia was an early supporter of opposition groups trying since 2011 to oust Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, but Russia's 2015 intervention on Assad's behalf turned the tides of the conflict. Syria's armed forces have since regained much of the territory the government once lost to rebels and jihadis.
The Syrian government's comeback occurred not only thanks to Russian air support but also because of a massive mobilization of majority-Shiite militias supported by Iran. Iran and Saudi Arabia have fought proxy wars over influence in the Middle East for decades, but Iran's recent victories in Iraq and Syria may have tipped the competition in Tehran's favor, compelling Riyadh to position itself closer to the U.S.-Israeli alliance.
Nevertheless, Thursday's meeting proved that Saudi Arabia was willing to seriously engage with Moscow's vision for the region, and it wasn't alone.
Last week, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan received his Russian counterpart in Ankara to boost relations, align their positions on Syria and secure a contract for the S-400 Triumf missile defense system. Like Saudi Arabia, Turkey has supported Syrian rebels trying to overthrow Assad, and its backing for the insurgents has rocked Turkey-Russia relations in the past.
View photos RTS1EA9A More
Kayhan Ozer/Presidential Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Shortly after Russia's entrance into the Syrian conflict, a Turkish F-16 fighter jet shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 that allegedly crossed into Turkish airspace near northern Syria in November 2015. Syrian rebels shot and killed the pilot as he descended by parachute. The resulting fallout led to months of diplomatic and military tension between Russia and Turkey until Erdoğan expressed his condolences in June 2016 in a letter that Russia took as an apology.
The following month, authorities reportedly arrested the two Turkish pilots involved in the shoot-down incident. The pair were reportedly detained in connection with a July 2016 coup attempt against Erdoğan, according to local media and an official cited by Agence France-Presse.
That year saw widespread gains by the Syrian military and its allies, who ultimately retook Aleppo, once Syria's most populous city and a commercial center, from rebels in December 2016. As Syrian troops closed in on the city, Turkey cut a landmark deal with Russia and Iran to transfer rebels who refused to lay down their arms to the northwestern province of Idlib, which remains a rebel stronghold to this day.
Turkey also joined Russia and Iran in establishing talks between the Syrian government and the opposition in Kazakhstan's capital city, Astana. In May, the three countries agreed to establish de-escalation zones throughout Syria, and during last week's meeting between Putin and Erdoğan, the pair announced they would deploy personnel to implement this plan.
View photos RTX3HC42 More
Institute for the Study of War/Reuters
While the Syrian opposition in Astana is represented by rebel fighters, the Saudi-Arabia High Negotiations Committee that represents the opposition in simultaneous peace talks in Geneva is formed mainly of politicians. Through Russia's sponsorship, the Syrian government has solidified its position in both peace processes, and many Western leaders have abandoned calls to remove Assad as a necessary condition to end the conflict.
Russia has successfully reached out to other U.S. allies as well. In July, Iraqi officials turned to Moscow for greater defense and economic support, with Iraqi Vice President Nouri al-Maliki saying he sought to "balance" U.S. influence after more than 14 consecutive years of military presence.
Related Articles
3 killed, at least 5 injured in 4-way car collision in Negev.
Three people were killed Wednesday afternoon in a car accident at the intersection near IDF training base 1 in the Negev.
MDA EMTs and paramedics pronounced two men- 40 and 50 years old- dead, and provided medical treatment to six injured civilians, including a severely injured 40 year old woman and a moderately injured 50 year old woman. One of the injured civilians later died.
MDA and IDF teams used ambulances and helicopters in order to evacuate the six injured civilians to Soroka Medical Center. The injured included 2 severely injured women, one moderately-severely injured 40 year old man and 3 other lightly injured civilians.
Initial investigations indicate that the accident was the result of a collision between 4 vehicles.
Route 40 near the scene of the incident has been closed to traffic.
HAMILTON, Bermuda (AP) — The Latest on the American student reported missing in Bermuda (all times local):
5:30 p.m.
A police spokesman in Bermuda says authorities have found a body amid a search for a U.S. student who disappeared after a rugby tournament on the British island territory.
Spokesman Dwayne Caines did not disclose any details about the discovery and did not confirm that the body was that of 19-year-old Mark Dombroski.
The Bermuda Police Service said a news conference would be held later Monday.
Authorities and members of Dombroski's family had been searching Bermuda for the young man in a wooded area known as The Arboretum. It was near a sports center where Dombroski was competing as a member of the rugby team at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia.
He was last seen early Sunday after a night of socializing.
HOUSTON (AP) — James Harden became the first player in NBA history to score 60 points as part of a triple-double as the short-handed Houston Rockets beat the Orlando Magic 114-107 on Tuesday night.
Harden scored 18 points in the fourth quarter to eclipse the 57 points Calvin Murphy scored in 1978 to break Houston's single-game scoring record. After Harden broke the record, cameras in the arena showed a shot of Murphy, who works on the television broadcast team, smiling and clapping for the Beard, who also had 10 rebounds and 11 assists.
The game was tied at 107 after a basket by Marreese Speights with just under four minutes to play. Neither team scored for more than two minutes after that before Harden took over, scoring the next six points to make it 113-107 with 45 seconds left.
He set the scoring mark when he stepped back and made a 3-pointer before crashing to the court after being fouled by Mario Hezonja. He then made the free throw to give him 60 points and bringing the crowd to its feet.
Harden, who also had four steals and a block, grabbed his 10th rebounds a few seconds later to give him his third triple double this season. He made 17 of 18 free throws and was 19 of 30 from the floor with five 3 pointers.
Hezonja and Speights scored 17 points each for the Magic, who dropped their third straight.
The Rockets started the game without Chris Paul, who has a sore groin, and Trevor Ariza, who is dealing with a strained hamstring. They lost another player when Eric Gordon, who is second on the team in scoring with 19.5 points a game, left early in the second quarter with lower back stiffness.
Harden's big night came as he played a season-high 46 minutes and 26 seconds with Houston missing so many players.
It was his fourth 50-point game this season and Tuesday's performance bested his previous career-high of 56 points set in November against Utah.
Orlando led by two points with about 9 1/2 minutes left before the Rockets used a 10-4 run to make it 101-97 with about seven minutes to go. Harden made two 3-pointers in that stretch, and wowed the crowd on the second one that he came as the shot clock was about to expire and with Shelvin Mack right in his face.
Houston didn't lead for long though, as Speights was fouled while making a 3-pointer and added the free throw to tie it seconds later.
The Magic had a 2-point lead with about 5 1/2 minutes left before Houston used a 6-2 run, with all its points from Harden, to take a 107-105 lead with about four minutes left.
The Rockets were up by 1 early in the third quarter when Harden scored all of the team's points in a 6-2 spurt that made it 64-59. Harden capped that run with his first 3-pointer of the game after missing all seven tries in the first half.
Houston had pushed its lead to 7 later in the third after scoring four quick points. But the Magic used a 7-2 run, highlighted by a 3-pointer by Mario Hezonja, to get within 72-70 midway through the quarter.
The Magic tied it on a basket by Jonathon Simmons with about four minutes left in the third, but the Rockets used a 5-2 run to regain the lead, 83-80.
Speights made a 3-pointer to put Orlando back on top with just under a minute remaining in the quarter, but Houston scored the last four points of the quarter to take a 90-88 lead into the fourth.
Harden found Luc Mbah a Moute for a layup for the first basket in that span and added a jump shot just before the shot clock expired for the other points.
Harden piled up 16 points in the first quarter and had 24 by halftime despite his early 3-point shooting woes.
Orlando led 55-54 at halftime.
TIP-INS
Magic: Aaron Gordon missed the game with an injury to his left hip that he suffered on Saturday night. He will likely sit out Wednesday as well. ... Simmons and Mack added 15 points each.
Rockets: Ariza injured his left hamstring on Sunday. ... Coach Mike D'Antoni said he doesn't expect Paul to miss much time with his injury. ... Clint Capela finished with 12 points and 13 rebounds.
UP NEXT
Magic: Host Lakers on Wednesday night.
Rockets: Visit San Antonio Thursday night.
About 1,000 protesters greeted President Trump in Manhattan in his first arrival at Trump Tower as president.
Some of the protesters formed a human wall while others shouted messages like "no hate" or "impeach." Nearby, an inflatable caricature of Trump in the form of a rat was set up at The Plaza hotel.
Trump came under fire over the weekend for his statement on the violence following a rally of white supremacists and white nationalists in Charlottesville. The president's first remarks on the violence Saturday condemned what he called an "egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides." Two days later, amid mounting pressure, he made new remarks denouncing hate groups, including white supremacists.
Spencer Platt/Getty Images
Trump made his return visit Monday night in the midst of what his administration has called a "working vacation" away from the White House, which is undergoing renovations. The president has been staying at his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey for over a week.
Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 15, 2017
While this may be the president's first visit back to his Fifth Avenue skyscraper, it is hardly the first time he has retreated from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave to one of his Trump properties. The president has already made a dozen trips to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida and his home in New Jersey since assuming the presidency.
ABC News' Katherine Faulders and the Associated Press contributed to this report.
Sure, sea lions look cute and snuggly, with their big ol' eyes and blubbery bodies.
But don't be fooled – they are fierce predators.
Newport Coastal Adventure owner Ryan Lawler captured a raw moment Monday, as a sea lion devoured a horn shark off the coast of Newport Beach. Charter guests were aboard the inflatable boat searching for gray whales said to be in the area.
Lawler noticed something splashing, but knew it wasn't a whale or dolphin. It was enough to get his attention.
"Getting closer, we saw a sea lion violently thrashing around some freshly caught prey,” he told GrindTV. “This is not too uncommon, but we are always interested in what exactly it might be, as the sea lion's diet varies widely.”
After getting a picture of the predator and prey, he realized the sea lion was having a 4-foot long horn shark for lunch.
“While I have seen sea lions eat thresher sharks, angel sharks, and a variety of skates and rays this was the first horn shark, and a bit of a surprise because of the deeper water we were in (180 feet),” he told GrindTV. “And also keep in mind, the horn shark has two defensive dorsal ‘horns' to dissuade predators, so this sea lion was being pretty methodical about how it was eating this shark.”
Contact the writer: lconnelly@scng.com
CALGARY — The frosty silence over the building of a new NHL arena in Calgary thawed a little Monday.
City council voted to form a committee that will attempt to re-engage the Calgary Flames in talks on a new sport and concert venue.
"If we are going to say we are still at the table, let's act like we're at the table," Coun. Jeff Davison said.
"We've sent a strong signal today that says we have a strong contingent on council that wants to have a conversation."
A Flames spokesman said the team had no comment.
A new arena became civic election fodder last September when Calgary Sports and Entertainment broke off negotiations within days of Mayor Naheed Nenshi kicking off his campaign for a third term.
Nenshi talked about a new arena as part of his vision for the downtown east side's revitalization.
He has one vote on council, although his voice carries influence as mayor. And it was his voice countering CSEC president Ken King's in the public back and forth over who should pay how much for a new arena.
The issue took on a personal tone when a Flames employee tweeted — later deleted — that Nenshi's re-election as mayor was "worse than Donald Trump being president."
Flames vice-president of marketing Gordon Norrie had urged people on social media to vote for Bill Smith, who was Nenshi's main rival in the election.
Eleven councillors brought forth Monday's motion to essentially get arena talks back on track. Nenshi was among those voting in favour of it.
"I think hitting the reset button is a good idea, but the reset button has to be hit on both sides," Nenshi said.
"Given that we were not the party that walked away I think it's important everyone come back to the table and maybe with new faces around the table as well."
CSEC also owns the Canadian Football League's Calgary Stampeders, Western Hockey League's Hitmen and National Lacrosse League's Roughnecks in addition to the NHL's Flames.
Story Continues
King speaks for Flames owners Murray Edwards, Alvin Libin, Clayton Riddell, Allan Markin and Jeff McCaig, and stated in September that the team would make the Saddledome work "for as long as we believe it is feasible.''
CSEC had offered to put $275 million into a new $500-million arena built just north of the 35-year-old Saddledome, and said the city should raise the remaining $225 million through a community revitalization levy.
A CRL allows the city to divert property taxes from new development that would theoretically spring up around a new arena into paying for it.
The city proposed a three-way split on the cost of a $555-million arena, with the city and the Flames each paying $185 million and the remaining third raised from a surcharge on tickets.
The city said the Flames would control the new arena and receive all revenue from it.
But King insisted the city's offer amounts to the team paying the entire cost, or more, because CSEC considers a ticket surcharge paid by users revenue that belongs to the team and because the city wants CSEC to pay property tax.
"It will be hard for the committee to convince me to put a lot more public money on the table," Nenshi said Monday. "I think it will be hard for the committee to convince council to do that.
"I think it will be hard for the committee to convince Calgarians to do that."
The Victoria Park location for an arena came after an $890-million CalgaryNext project pitched by the Flames in 2015. That concept included a hockey arena, football stadium and field house on the west side of downtown.
Flames owners offered $200 million of their own money and proposed a $250-million loan be repaid through a ticket surcharge.
Council determined CalgaryNext would cost as much as $1.8 billion when the cost of remediating creosote-soaked soil was included.
The mayor doesn't want the committee spending a lot of time reviving the West Village option.
"We spent millions of dollars on the analysis of the West Village and determined it really is a non-starter for so many reasons," Nenshi said.
"If this committee spends the next six months going through the points on the West Village again, I think that would be a big failure."
Donna Spencer, The Canadian Press
MOSCOW (AP) — The Trump administration has released a list of 114 Russian politicians and 96 "oligarchs" it says are linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin, but it's decided not to issue any extra sanctions for now.
Here is a look at some of the politically connected Russians on the so-called "Putin list":
DMITRY MEDVEDEV
The Russian prime minister since 2012, Medvedev was previously Russian president from 2008 through 2012. That was in a "tandem" arrangement with Putin, who left the presidency to become prime minister, and still wielded considerable power while avoiding presidential term limits.
Medvedev has been accused by Russian opposition activists of large-scale corruption, claims he denies.
Also on the "Putin list" is Medvedev's entire cabinet, including influential Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu and Energy Minister Alexander Novak, who oversees the Russian oil and gas industries. Putin's personal spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, makes the list as one of 33 officials from the presidential administration.
ALEXEI MILLER
Miller has been loyal to Putin throughout his 17 years as chief executive of state gas company Gazprom. During that time, Gazprom has often been accused by European political leaders of using energy supplies as a geopolitical weapon. On some occasions, Eastern Europe's gas supply has been cut off due to disputes between Russia and neighboring Ukraine over energy pricing, often seen as proxies for wider political arguments.
There is also a place on the "Putin list" for Igor Sechin, head of state oil company Rosneft — though he's been under U.S. sanctions since 2014 over Russia's role in the Ukraine crisis — plus the CEOs of state-run rail, power and aircraft companies.
ROMAN ABRAMOVICH
Perhaps best known internationally as the owner of Chelsea soccer club in London, billionaire businessman Abramovich made his fortune in oil and aluminum during the chaotic years that followed the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. He's since embraced a glamorous lifestyle, with vast private yachts, art deals and his ownership of Chelsea, which he bought in 2003 and turned into title contenders in England and Europe.
ARAS AGALAROV
The Azerbaijan-born property developer hosted Donald Trump at the Miss Universe pageant in Moscow in 2013, and Trump later featured in a music video made by Agalarov's son, Emin. The elder Agalarov has told the AP that Trump "was thinking of building" a Trump Tower in Moscow, but it didn't work out.
The Agalarovs were mentioned in emails ahead of a meeting between Trump's son, Donald Trump Jr., and Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya and others in June 2016. Ahead of the meeting, Trump Jr. was promised dirt on his father's election rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton. He has since denied such material ever materialized.
MIKHAIL PROKHOROV
The billionaire owner of the NBA's Brooklyn Nets, Prokhorov has at times had an uneasy relationship with the Kremlin. A key investor in metals, Prokhorov ran against Putin in the 2012 Russian presidential election, finishing a distant third. A Russian media outlet he owned was raided by law enforcement in 2016 after publishing articles critical of people close to Putin. Prokhorov sold the company months later.
He has long been involved with sports and was a key figure in the former New Jersey Nets' 2012 move to Brooklyn. Prokhorov also ran Russia's federation for the winter sport of biathlon ahead of the 2014 Olympics, when Russian athletes were accused of being part of a doping program. He has denied any wrongdoing.
DMITRY RYBOLOVLEV
The fertilizer magnate bought a Palm Beach mansion from Trump for around $95 million in 2008, a deal that Trump called in 2016 "the closest I came to Russia" when pressed on his ties to the country. Rybolovlev has a keen interest in soccer as the owner of the Monaco club, a regular in the Champions League.
His lengthy divorce from ex-wife Elena ended with an undisclosed settlement in 2015 after a legal battle in which his former spouse laid claim to billions of dollars in assets. Rybolovlev was also an investor in Alevo, a U.S. battery manufacturer that filed for bankruptcy protection in August.
ALISHER USMANOV
Born in what is now Uzbekistan, Usmanov has interests in metals and mining as well as some of Russia's biggest telecoms and internet businesses. He's also a part-owner of Arsenal soccer club in the English Premier League and president of the International Fencing Federation.
Last year, he won a libel case against Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny over a video regarding Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev's alleged secret wealth. Navalny had alleged that Usmanov transferred assets to a charity foundation run by a former classmate of Medvedev. Usmanov insisted it was a bona fide business deal.
SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Bodhi, the decentralized prediction market platform, today announced that it has deployed a live beta on the Qtum mainnet.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005472/en/
This platform will allow users to leverage the wisdom of the crowd to more accurately predict the outcome of future events.
“We're excited to have Bodhi lead the way by launching the first DApp on Qtum. Bodhi is serverless and runs on blockchain, it's a real working decentralized application and that's what this is all about,” said Patrick Dai, founder of Qtum.
“It's a major milestone for us. While other prediction markets are still not live, we already have a fully-decentralized blockchain application for the public to use,” said Xiahong Lin, founder of Bodhi.
Using the Bodhi platform is straightforward; any user can create prediction events they are interested in. Other users can join prediction events with or against the initial creator. When the event ends, oracles set the result. If the public agrees on the initial result, winners collect their rewards and the event is complete. This naturally sets the odds of the event outcome: $1 on the ‘yes' option and $2 on ‘no' inherently sets 2:1 odds for ‘yes' voters. Upon successful completion of the dispute phase, correct guessers receive both the original event-tokens, and additional incentive payments.
If a dispute arises, the “replaceable oracle” mechanism phase is invoked. Bodhi's innovative decentralized “replaceable oracle” mechanism is powered by Bodhi's digital token (BOT). The replaceable oracle mechanism solves the most challenging part of building a decentralized prediction market, allowing for fair and accurate result-setting to be done in a trustless and decentralized manner. It also has the benefit of increasing participation and significantly lowering fees compared to traditional prediction market systems.
In contrast to centralized oracles, the “replaceable oracle” mechanism facilitates reliable outcomes regardless of who the initial oracle is; users do not rely on a centralized authority to set results. The Bodhi platform incentivizes BOT holders to participate in the voting process, and to rectify false outcomes, which rewards participants and simultaneously penalizes the false oracle.
Although Bodhi's smart contracts are available publicly on the Qtum blockchain, the initial user interface has built-in restrictions preventing users from certain countries from accessing the platform until further clarity on local regulations is provided from the respective governments.
For more information on Bodhi, please visit:
www.bodhi.network
About Bodhi
Founded in May 2017, Bodhi is a decentralized prediction market platform. Built on the Qtum blockchain, Bodhi allows users to create and trade on the outcome of finance, sports, politics, and any other global events. Bodhi's mission is to build a credible, autonomous, and scalable platform that promotes the application of prediction markets at a global scale to enhance the decision-making process. It is powered by the Bodhi digital token (BOT).
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005472/en/
CONTACT: Bodhi
Samuel Suh
sam@bodhi.network
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM UNITED STATES EUROPE NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA IRELAND
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT CASINO/GAMING TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARE MOBILE/WIRELESS PROFESSIONAL SERVICES FINANCE
SOURCE: Bodhi
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 12:30 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 12:30 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005472/en
WASHINGTON (CBSNewYork/AP) — The White House says rebooting the Mideast peace process is a very high priority for the Trump administration, although peace may not come in the form of a two-state solution.
A senior White House official says President Donald Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal and hoping to bring the Israelis and Palestinians together sometime soon.
Trump is meeting Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The leader landed at Joint Base Andrews in Maryland on Tuesday night, CBS2 reported.
The official says that peace is the goal, regardless of whether it comes in the form of a two-state solution. The official spoke on condition of anonymity in order to preview the meeting.
Other topics of discussion expected to come up Wednesday include expanded Israeli settlements, Iran and a potential move of the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
Earlier this month, Netanyahu announced new settlement construction in the West Bank. Following the announcement, the White House released a statement saying the expansion of settlements in Palestinian controlled areas could hinder peace.
“While we don't believe the existence of settlements is an impediment to peace, the construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal,” the White House said in a statement.
The move was a change from Trump's earlier criticisms of the Obama administration for not vetoing a U.N. resolution against Israeli settlement construction.
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Stephen Colbert weighed in on this weekend's Cambridge Analytica scandal on Monday night's "Late Show," saying Facebook, which learned of the data leak in 2015, was a little late on the uptake.
"Really!? The one time it would have wanted a Facebook alert," Colbert joked. "Perhaps that could have replaced one of the four messages I get a day about my ex-roommate's college girlfriend's one-woman show."
Photo Illustration by Jaap Arriens/NurPhoto via Getty Images
Christopher Wylie, a former employee for the Britain-based data firm which stole user information from 50 million Facebook users, blew the whistle on the company using the stolen information to aid the Trump campaign during the 2016 election.
Wylie told ABC News, "When you think about what you do on social media, you curate your identity, so when you like things, when you follow things, you reveal all these little clues and if we have enough of those clues, we can start to develop a portrait of who you are."
Colbert also showed clips from undercover video shot by Channel 4 in Britain in which Cambridge Analytica was caught admitting to questionable tactics for obtaining information about political opponents, such as setting up fake websites, entrapping them with illegal donations and even using "very beautiful Ukrainian girls" to elicit information.
"Well, we don't have to worry about them blackmailing our leaders, as long as no one in Washington is attracted to eastern European women. ... Oh, my god!" Colbert joked, referring to Donald Trump and his wives.
Schedule
This schedule may not include postponements, cancellations, site changes or make-ups not reported to the Lincoln Times-News.
Monday, Jan. 2
No games scheduled
Tuesday, Jan. 3
Basketball
North Lincoln at Statesville
West Lincoln at West Caldwell
Newton-Conover at East Lincoln
Bunker Hill at Lincolnton
Lincoln Charter at Pine Lake Prep
Wrestling
West Lincoln, West Caldwell and Statesville at North Lincoln
Wednesday, Jan. 4
Basketball
Lincolnton at North Gaston (Boys only)
VANCOUVER, British Columbia (AP) — Sven Baertschi scored 1:07 into overtime and the Vancouver Canucks defeated the Colorado Avalanche 4-3 on Tuesday night.
The Swiss forward took a feed in the extra period and ripped his 11th of the season high past Jonathan Bernier's glove.
Bo Horvat, Michael Del Zotto and Daniel Sedin also scored for Vancouver. Jacob Markstrom stopped 27 shots, and Christopher Tanev had three assists.
Gabriel Landeskog scored twice and J.T. Compher had the other goal for Colorado, which got 22 saves from Bernier.
Mikko Rantanen added two assists for the Avalanche, who lost leading scorer Nathan MacKinnon to an upper-body injury in the second period.
Colorado has dropped three in row after winning 10 straight games.
Trailing 3-2 after allowing three straight goals in the second period, the Canucks tied it two minutes into the third when Sedin scored his 12th of the season on a 5-on-3 power play as he fell to the ice.
The Avalanche nearly went back ahead on a man advantage of their own, but Rantanen hit the post behind Markstrom before Sedin also clanged one off the iron behind Bernier a couple of minutes later.
Markstrom made a big stop on Colin Wilson with just more than a minute to go in regulation.
Down 2-0 after the first period, Colorado got on the board at 4:20 of the second when Erik Johnson's shot deflected off Tanev's stick in front and changed direction on its way toward Markstrom. The goalie appeared to try to head butt the puck to safety, but Compher was there to tap home his ninth.
Colorado tied it 2:02 later when Tyson Barrie's shot from the slot that was stopped by Markstrom bounced off Landeskog and in for his 18th.
Vancouver failed to connect on consecutive power plays despite a number of chances, and the Avalanche made the Canucks pay when Landeskog scored his second of the night on a Colorado man advantage at 15:05 with a shot that got stuck behind the middle post in Markstrom's net.
MacKinnon, second in NHL scoring behind Tampa Bay's Nikita Kucherov with 61 points, was hurt shortly thereafter on a hit from Canucks defenseman Alexander Edler. The 22-year-old appeared to be favoring his left shoulder on the bench before heading to the locker room.
The Canucks opened the scoring at 6:36 of the first after the Avalanche turned the puck over at the offensive blue line.
Thomas Vanek poked the puck ahead to Horvat, who raced past Samuel Girard before beating Bernier low to the blocker side for his 11th — and first in four outings since returning from a broken foot that sidelined Vancouver's top center for 18 games.
Colorado had a chance to get even a couple of minutes later, but Markstrom was there to stop Dominic Toninato on a 2-on-1 rush.
Del Zotto stretched the Canucks' lead to 2-0 at 11:45 when his shot from the point through traffic beat Bernier over his blocker for the defenseman's third of the season.
NOTES: Barrie returned to the lineup after missing 13 games with a broken hand.
UP NEXT
Avalanche: Visit the Edmonton Oilers on Thursday night.
Canucks: Continue a five-game homestand Thursday against Chicago.
___
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Kazakhstani forces practice tactical drills on December 7, 2017. The country recently unveiled a new military doctrine that some experts say responds to Moscow's hybrid warfare tactics.
Without much ado, Kazakhstan adopted a new military doctrine in September, replacing a 2011 document that had become dated. The new document states that Kazakhstan does not have enemies. Yet, Astana seems alarmed enough by Russia's aggressive actions toward Ukraine since 2014 to have produced a doctrine that is an obvious reaction to Moscow's hybrid warfare tactics, which include cyber-disruption and propaganda.
Kazakhstan is not alone in sensing that it now lives in a rapidly changing security environment that demands new policies. Belarus, another neighbor of Russia, introduced a new military doctrine in July 2016. But while Belarus made explicit that it is reacting to Ukraine's fight against Russian-backed separatists and Moscow's use of hybrid warfare, Kazakhstani authorities have not commented publicly on changes to their military doctrine.
Still, similarities between the new Kazakhstani and Belarussian doctrines abound, and it is not difficult to see the origin of Astana's threat assessment. Kazakhstan shares a 7,500-kilometer land border with Russia and northern Kazakhstan is home to a significant Russian minority with deep roots in the region. Though their numbers are dwindling, Russians still account for roughly 20 percent of Kazakhstan's population. Much to Astana's irritation, the area is romanticized by some Russian politicians as still being Russian territory. In January 2017, a State Duma deputy, Pavel Shperov, suggested the Kazakhstani-Russian border was not a permanent fixture and that Kazakhstani territory was merely on loan to Kazakhstan.
Kazakhstan pursues a multi-vector foreign policy with Russia, China and the European Union as its main partners. Balancing these relationships allow it to demonstrate that it has the political clout to act more independently of Russia than other Central Asian states.
Still, Astana and Moscow remain very close allies, bound by economic ties through the Eurasian Economic Union and militarily through the Collective Security Treaty Organization, or CSTO, which also includes Armenia, Belarus, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan. The CSTO functions as much as a vehicle for Russia's bilateral security agendas with fellow member states as it does as collective entity. As an organization, it has also redefined what it sees as security threats -- a process that began after the pro-democracy “color” revolutions in Georgia, 2003, Ukraine, 2004, and Kyrgyzstan, 2005. Analysis and recommendations from the CSTO played a pivotal role in shaping Russia's own military doctrine of 2014, after the annexation of Crimea.
The alleged basis of Russia's actions in Ukraine are a self-proclaimed doctrine under which Moscow can act as the protector of the rights of Russians experiencing alleged discrimination wherever they may be. The circumstances that prevailed in Ukraine prior to the start of Russian meddling in 2014 are not evident in present-day Kazakhstan. Russia's concern that Ukraine was drifting toward the EU's orbit was an underlying motivation for its actions in 2014. There is no reason for Moscow to worry that Astana is tilting toward the EU these days. Meanwhile, the Russian minority in Kazakhstan experiences little or no discrimination.
Just because the circumstances are different, doesn't mean Kazakhstan isn't vulnerable. Astana should recognize that national and ethnic unity since independence in 1991 is a thin construction, far too dependent on fealty to President Nursultan Nazarbayev. Kazakhstan's new military doctrine is explicit about the risks to its borders and also the potential for an outside party to manipulate ethnic populations inside Kazakhstan.
Alongside the outward-looking nature of Kazakhstan's 2017 military doctrine, there is sharp focus on internal threats. Nazarbayev in the past three years has undertaken measures to strengthen the government, bolster the economy and to resist firmly any speculation that a Ukrainian scenario could happen in Kazakhstan. When citizens protested against plans to lease farm land to Chinese investors in May 2016, Nazarbayev issued a stark rebuke, using Ukraine as an example of what can go wrong if protests get out of hand.
Nationalism is growing nonetheless. It not only showed itself during the May 2016 land protests, but also in long-term trends such as renaming previously Russian-language place names to Kazakh. Some Russian politicians see Kazakhstan's move to Latinize the Kazakh alphabet, which is currently written in Cyrillic, as an anti-Russian move. It is indeed a highly symbolic gesture, one that a Western diplomat described as an act of defiance and post-Soviet national identity-building.
The Russian language has equal status in Kazakhstan, but Kazakh is ascendant, and knowledge of it is required for government jobs. It's also worth noting that not one of Kazakhstan's ministers has an ethnic Russian background.
Astana has sought to manage its relationship with Moscow as an equal partnership. Its success in doing so is largely attributable to Nazarbayev, who has led Kazakhstan since independence. When the Soviet Union collapsed, Putin was a KGB functionarynt, while Nazarbayev was the already powerful and ambitious First Secretary of the Communist Party of Kazakhstan. With Nazarbayev turning 78 years old next year, a transition in the vast but sparsely populated Central Asian state is inevitable. The crisis in Ukraine has brought into focus the risks of any sort of transition or internal instability in Russia's neighborhood.
As Nazarbayev ages, political transition is inevitable and unless handled smoothly that transition could be destabilizing. The Kremlin's military doctrine and its foreign policies are premised on Russia exerting itself as a great power with historical privileges. Kazakhstan understands that in the long-term it could be vulnerable to Moscow's expansionist tendencies. Its new military doctrine addresses that external risk in a clear-headed and robust manner. But when it comes to the domestic challenges that could provide the very opening required for an assertive foreign power to gain a foothold, Kazakhstan still appears to be sleepwalking.
BRUSSELS (AP) — U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday made clear that the United States was committed to NATO while also reinforcing the Trump administration's demand that allies pay their fair share.
Speaking at his first NATO defense minister's meeting, Mattis called the alliance "a fundamental bedrock for the United States and for all the trans-Atlantic community."
That message, delivered as Mattis stood alongside NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg, comes amid mixed signals from President Donald Trump and as chaos swirls in Washington. The Pentagon chief made no references to the abrupt forced resignation Monday of Michael Flynn, the U.S. national security adviser, over his pre-inauguration discussions with Russia, and what the change may mean for U.S. policy toward Moscow.
"I haven't changed what I'm heading there for," Mattis told reporters traveling with him to the NATO gathering. "It doesn't change my message at all."
The allies' interest and concern about the latest furor in Washington was evident early on as officials crowded around televisions at the NATO meeting to watch Mattis' initial appearance with Stoltenberg. Ministers immediately clustered around the retired Marine general as he entered the meeting room.
In public statements, however, NATO leaders brushed aside questions about the turmoil in Washington.
Stoltenberg said he has spoken to Trump twice on the phone, and has gotten the same reassurance from Mattis and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
"They have all conveyed the same message to me as they have conveyed to other leaders in NATO countries, and that is that the United States will stay committed to the trans-Atlantic partnership," Stoltenberg said.
Mattis also urged that "all who benefit from the best defense in the world carry their proportionate share of the necessary cost to defend freedom." The U.S. wants allies to increase their military funding to the benchmark goal of 2 percent of gross domestic product. Some NATO members have been slowly moving toward that.
He also was expected to press for greater assistance, including additional trainers, in the military campaigns in Afghanistan and elsewhere.
During his Senate confirmation hearing last month, Mattis said he wanted the U.S. to "maintain the strongest possible relationship with NATO."
Trump has criticized NATO as "obsolete," repeatedly praised Russian President Vladimir Putin and threatened that the U.S. might not defend allies that don't fulfill their financial obligations as NATO members. It's all rattled European leaders, who are looking for some clarity from Mattis.
Such comments are playing into fears that Trump will ease U.S. sanctions imposed on Moscow after it annexed Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014 and supported an insurgency in eastern Ukraine. Another concern is lessened U.S. military support for Eastern European allies near Russia's border who worry about being the next target.
In recent weeks, Trump's public statements on NATO have softened somewhat.
After meeting Trump, British Prime Minister Theresa May told reporters that he assured her he was "100 percent" behind NATO. A joint statement issued after Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke by telephone said the two agreed on the "fundamental importance that the NATO alliance has for trans-Atlantic relations" and the need for all members to pay their fair share. Trump made similar comments in a call with French President Francois Hollande.
Only four countries other than the U.S. — Britain, Estonia, Greece and Poland — are meeting NATO's 2 percent spending target. Many are increasing their budgets in response to Russia's actions.
Still, the U.S. spends more on its armed forces than all the others combined. Washington also pays more than 22 percent of NATO's commonly funded budget.
The U.S. also would like to see an increased NATO commitment in Afghanistan, where forces have been fighting the Taliban since the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. Washington wants more trainers in Afghanistan, where about 8,400 American troops are still deployed.
There also will be discussions about how to accelerate the newer, U.S.-led campaign to defeat the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria.
Just like Jerry West always hoped, his career has led him back to Los Angeles. It will just be with the Clippers, not the Lakers.
West, 79, will join the Clippers in an advisory role similar to the one he has held with the Golden State Warriors since 2011. The Warriors won their second championship in three years on Tuesday and will celebrate with their parade through downtown Oakland on Thursday.
An announcement of West's new role is expected before the NBA Draft on June 22.
West told ESPN late Wednesday that he is “very intrigued” and that owner Steve Ballmer “is a winner and he wants to win.”
The Clippers will become the fourth team with which West has been affiliated since the Lakers drafted him out of West Virginia University in 1960.
“I don't feel old,” he said. “I feel really competitive. Sometimes you need to be challenged. I've kind of been defiant my whole life.”
West continued to live in Los Angeles during his time with the Warriors and had coveted a return to the Lakers before Jeanie Buss hired Hall of Famer Magic Johnson to run that franchise. West's arrival is not expected to diminish the authority of Doc Rivers, who serves as the team's president of basketball operations as well as head coach.
Word of West's return to basketball in Los Angeles came hours after the Southern California News Group reported the Clippers were closing in on a deal to build a new arena in Inglewood, the city where West played, coached and served as general manager of the Lakers over the span of a 40-year career in purple and gold.
West, whose silhouette makes up the NBA's unmistakable logo, won an NBA title in 1972 and was a 14-time All-Star. He is credited for building the 1980s “Showtime” Lakers, and for luring Shaquille O'Neal to the Lakers and acquiring the draft rights to Kobe Bryant, the cornerstones of teams that won three straight titles in 2000-2002.
His presence will lend an heir of stability to a Clippers organization that is only beginning to rise above a history of losing, penny-pinching and scandal. West was considered a key recruiter in Golden State's pursuit of Kevin Durant, who won his first championship this week and was named Finals Most Valuable Player after Golden State's 4-1 series rout of the Cleveland Cavaliers.
His next challenge: Helping the Clippers through a critical offseason. All-Stars Chris Paul and Blake Griffin are expected to opt out of their contracts and become free agents at the end of the month. Starting shooting guard J.J. Redick also becomes an unrestricted free agent.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
She said Tuesday that her office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that he is resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
___
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted his grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest he would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that he is quitting with his mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday — marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged his resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Emilee Carr, a senior at Esperanza High School in Anaheim, removed a drape from the exam table to reveal the patient, Carl, and with the touch of a stylus she removed his gall bladder.
A few more taps and she peeled back Carl's skin and muscles to reveal his skeleton and respiratory system. She enlarged a cross-section of his body and made notes on it for future reference.
At Esperanza High, students can go beyond the textbooks and animal dissections of years past and learn about anatomy on a virtual cadaver using the school's new anatomage table.
High school students Emilee Carr, left right, and Maddy Galvin, show their new Anatomage table to district officials and the media at Esperanza High School in Anaheim on Tuesday, Apr 24, 2018. The Anatomage table lets students in the ROP's Medical Science Academy tap a life-size screen like and get a 180-degree view of the body. They can also pull back every layer of tissue, muscle and bone. The scans were made from a body that was frozen, then sliced 5,000 times in to thin layers.(Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
High school student Emilee Carr, right, shows a new Anatomage table to middle schoolers at Esperanza High School in Anaheim on Tuesday, Apr 24, 2018. The Anatomage table lets students in the ROP's Medical Science Academy tap a life-size screen like and get a 180-degree view of the body. They can also pull back every layer of tissue, muscle and bone. The scans were made from a body that was frozen, then sliced 5,000 times in to thin layers.(Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
High school students Emilee Carr, lower right, and Maddy Galvin, bottom, show their new Anatomage table to middle schoolers at Esperanza High School in Anaheim on Tuesday, Apr 24, 2018. The Anatomage table lets students in the ROP's Medical Science Academy tap a life-size screen like and get a 180-degree view of the body. They can also pull back every layer of tissue, muscle and bone. The scans were made from a body that was frozen, then sliced 5,000 times in to thin layers.(Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
High school students Emilee Carr does a virtual dissection of eyes as she shows their new Anatomage table to district officials and the media at Esperanza High School in Anaheim on Tuesday, Apr 24, 2018. The Anatomage table lets students in the ROP's Medical Science Academy tap a life-size screen like and get a 180-degree view of the body. They can also pull back every layer of tissue, muscle and bone. The scans were made from a body that was frozen, then sliced 5,000 times in to thin layers.(Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
High school students Emilee Carr, left right, and Maddy Galvin, show their new Anatomage table to district officials and the media at Esperanza High School in Anaheim on Tuesday, Apr 24, 2018. The Anatomage table lets students in the ROP's Medical Science Academy tap a life-size screen like and get a 180-degree view of the body. They can also pull back every layer of tissue, muscle and bone. The scans were made from a body that was frozen, then sliced 5,000 times in to thin layers.(Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Carr and fellow senior Maddy Galvin demonstrated the table for school officials and a handful of other students on Tuesday, April 24. It's the latest addition to Esperanza's Medical Sciences Academy, and it's a state-of-the-art piece of equipment not every hospital or college has, let alone high schools, said Cary Johnson, director of K-12 innovation and technology for the Placentia-Yorba Linda Unified School District.
Esperanza is the first high school in Orange County and the second in the state to get the $75,000 device, which was paid for by a state grant.
The anatomage table is programmed with Carl – a real, now-deceased person who donated his body to science and was scanned to create 3-D images – and two other cadavers students can study and used to perform virtual surgery.
“With this 3-D technology, the sky's the limit,” said Valerie Easton, a former nurse who heads the academy at Esperanza.
If that sounds cool, consider it an indicator of the current state of career and technical education, which has evolved along with the U.S. workforce in recent decades.
Old-school “vocational education” prepared students for farming, factory work, “homemaking” and other pursuits they'd likely start immediately after high school, Association for Career and Technical Education spokesman Jarrod Nagurka said.
“Today it covers a whole bunch of different fields ranging from information technology to STEM fields to health sciences,” and a majority of students who take career/technical classes go on to college, he said.
Students using the anatomage table are preparing for careers in patient care, which is one of the North Orange County Regional Occupational Program's most popular offerings, said Dana Lynch, the program's assistant superintendent of education services.
The regional occupational program partners with local school districts to provide career and technical courses in engineering, financial services and biotechnology as well as more traditional vocational fields such as food service and welding.
Before Esperanza purchased the anatomage table earlier this year, students learned about body systems from textbooks, websites and medical mannequins. Real bodies weren't used because they're expensive and they can't be used multiple times, Johnson said.
The table is “as real as you can get without actually having a cadaver in the room,” he said.
In the patient care track, students can train being a nursing or medical assistant or learn about sports medicine, pharmacy technology or dental care.
Galvin, who aims to become a pediatric surgeon, said the anatomage table is helping her understand the location of internal organs in relation to each other better than a small picture in a textbook could.
Beyond the classroom, Carr said the table gave her an edge when applying for college.
“Everyone's taking AP classes, everyone's brilliant, everyone's got a 5.0 GPA,” said Carr, who wants to study clinical genetics. “What they want to know is what have you actually done to start investigating your major.”
The anatomage table isn't the only leg up ROP offers students. Galvin and Carr both, through the program, work in medical facilities when they're not at school, and Carr said she'll be a certified medical assistant when she graduates in June.
And for today's – and tomorrow's students – the anatomage table and other high-tech tools that use virtual reality are expected to become more common.
“It's where technology is taking learning,” Lynch said. “The kids that are coming up through the schools have been exposed to more technology than ever before.”
Welland native and dual-sport standout Lauren Frasca is staying home to play basketball and soccer at the post-secondary level.
Frasca, 17, will enroll in the fitness and health promotion program at Niagara College after graduating from Notre Dame College School.
“Attending Niagara College is a great opportunity to compete in both basketball and soccer for a post-secondary school that is highly regarded for their academic and athletic programs,” she said. “The school is also close to home, meaning family and friends are always close by for encouragement and support.”
Frasca brings the Knights a resume that also includes numerous high-level track and field and sportsmanship awards.
“My goals are to complete my education while maintaining my passion for both basketball and soccer,” she said. “I also want to become a stronger threat offensively because I have always been very defensive-minded, but I really want to ensure I am contributing at both ends.”
Frasca played basketball at the club level in the Welland Warriors system, and she competed on the pitch for the Niagara Regional Soccer Program. She is a two-time Ontario Basketball Association Division II champion with the Warriors.
“Lauren is an outstanding athlete that we are pleased to welcome to the Knights family,” Niagara College women's basketball head coach Mike Beccaria said. “We love her competitiveness and her ability to attack the rim.”
“We are projecting her to be a very good defensive player at the OCAA level.”
Before taking the court with the Knights women's basketball program, Frasca will flex her prowess at the right fullback position for Niagara's women's soccer team beginning in August.
“Lauren is a very skilled defensive player with good game sense,” said Rob Lalama, incoming head coach of the women's soccer team. “She has tremendous speed on defense with the ability to shut down primary attackers.”
“She brings physicality and aggressiveness to our back line, and is also capable of jumping into the attack.”
Safety regulators in the U.S. are investigating airbags in certain Hyundai and Kia vehicles that failed to deploy in frontal collisions linked to four deaths and six injuries.
As many as 425,000 automobiles made by the South Korean manufacturers may be affected, according to an investigation report posted on the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's website. NHTSA is investigating whether vehicles made by other carmakers also may be at risk. Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp. shares fell.
The U.S. headquarters for both companies are in Orange County.
The crashes were reported in the past six years and involved Hyundai Sonatas and Sonata hybrids made in 2011, and Kia Forte and Kia Forte Koups made in 2012 and 2013. Hyundai on Feb. 27 recalled almost 155,000 Sonatas after determining that an electrical overstress failed to inflate the airbags during collisions. Hyundai is looking into the product supplier, ZF Friedrichshafen AG, for a possible cause for the electrical problem.
Airbags already are linked to the largest and most complex auto-related recall in U.S. history — the one that ultimately led to Japan's Takata Corp. to seek court protection from creditors after its devices were linked to at least 17 deaths. Unlike the Takata situation, which involved exploding airbags with shrapnel, the latest probe involves devices that failed to deploy at all.
Shares fall
Shares of Hyundai declined 3.8 percent in Seoul, the biggest drop in more than two months. Kia lost 3.5 percent, the most in more than six months.
“This is just the start of an investigation — we don't know how much it will be expanded yet,” said Lee Hang-koo, a senior researcher at state-run Korea Institute for Industrial Economics & Trade in Sejong City, South Korea. “It is surely bad news for Hyundai, which is already seeing sluggish sales in the U.S.”
The federal agency said it will work to determine whether any other automaker use air-bag control units that are the same or similar to those supplied by ZF, and whether those units behave the same way in similar crashes. A safety expert said that's critical to determining how widespread the problem is and whether it's just a Hyundai and Kia issue.
“If there is a component in the module that is used by other systems as well, that number could increase significantly,” Keith Friedman, automotive safety researcher at Friedman Research Corp. in Austin, Texas, said in a telephone interview Sunday. “If it has to do with the way this particular module has been manufactured, it could be localized to these particular vehicles.”
Manufacturers cooperating
ZF isn't aware of other carmakers being affected, spokesman Thomas Wenzel said. The probe is a top priority for the closely held German company, which is cooperating with the U.S. authorities as well as Hyundai, he said. ZF proactively passed information to the NHTSA before an official probe began, Wenzel said. The manufacturer bought U.S.-based TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. for more than $12 billion in 2015.
The Korean carmakers also said they're cooperating in the probe. Hyundai is “announcing this recall now to ensure the safety of our customers,” the company said in a statement. Kia said it will work closely with NHTSA, including monitoring crash reports and conduct more crash tests as needed.
The Sonatas and Sonata hybrids made in 2011 that were sold in Hyundai's home market of South Korea don't have ZF airbags, said Koh Sung-woo, deputy director at the country's transport ministry. About 30,000 Kia Forte cars produced in South Korea have ZF airbags, though those have different ways of deploying airbags than in the U.S. cars, he said. The ministry will wait for the result of the U.S. probe and see if there are any similar consumer complaints in South Korea, he said.
Takata last month agreed to pay as much as $650 million to settle claims in 44 states and the District of Columbia for defective airbags that can explode in car crashes, sending metal shards flying. The company has recalled millions of airbags, the largest in history, that had been linked to the deaths and spurred lawsuits leading to more than $1 billion in settlements from automakers including Honda Motor Co., Toyota Motor Corp., Subaru Corp., Mazda Motor Corp., Nissan Motor Co. and BMW AG.
Last week, U.S. consumers filed class-action complaints in Miami federal court to recover costs against units of General Motors and Volkswagen as well as Daimler AG's Mercedes-Benz and Fiat Chrysler. The complaints allege that the automakers deceived the public about the defects and associated dangers.
By MARY ESCH
Associated Press
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) - Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Her announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
"We want our government to work again. On health care, ending massive incarceration, fixing our broken subway," Nixon said in a video announcing her candidacy . "We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us."
Nixon has her work cut out for her. A Siena College poll released Monday showed Cuomo leading her by 66 percent to 19 percent among registered Democrats, and by a similar margin among self-identified liberals. Nixon did a little better among younger and upstate Democrats, but didn't have more than a quarter of either group.
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The margin of error is plus-minus 4.0 percentage points.
Nixon has in recent months given speeches and interviews calling on Democrats nationally to run "bluer" in 2018 and carve out a strong, progressive liberal identity rather than being merely "the anti-Trump party."
It's a left-flank strategy that has had success against Cuomo in the past - nearly unknown liberal activist and law professor Zephyr Teachout garnered a surprising 34 percent of the vote in the 2014 Democratic primary.
"It could be a fight for the soul of the Democratic Party in some sense," said Baruch College political scientist Douglas Muzzio.
Nixon, a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three, is a longtime advocate for fairness in public school funding and fervent supporter of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has frequently clashed with Cuomo. Her video shows her walking her young daughter to school as she talks about being a proud public school parent.
Last month, at the annual New York gala of Human Rights Campaign, which has endorsed Cuomo on, she took a backhanded stab at the governor's record: "For all the pride that we take here in being such a blue state, New York has the single worst income inequality of any state in the country."
More recently, she has been delving into issues of keen interest to New York City, the main blue stronghold in a state where suburban and rural towns upstate tend to run red.
One of those issues is transportation policy, which contributed to a plunge in Cuomo's popularity last July amid his "summer of hell" forecast for New York City commuters facing ongoing transit breakdowns and delays.
The 60-year-old Cuomo had no immediate comment on Nixon's candidacy. But recently, he mocked the celebrity status the Grammy, Emmy and Tony winner could bring to the race.
"Normally name recognition is relevant when it has some connection to the endeavor," Cuomo told reporters earlier this month. "If it was just about name recognition, then I'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel don't get into the race."
While Nixon has strong political connections and name recognition in the city that was the backdrop for her Emmy Award-winning role as lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the HBO comedy "Sex and the City," her star power among upstate voters is less certain.
Jefrey Pollock, pollster and political adviser to Cuomo and other prominent Democrats, said that celebrity isn't likely to trump governing experience in the voting booth.
"Over and over in our research, Democratic primary voters say they're not looking for an outsider because they look to Washington, D.C., and see what the outsider has meant to this country," Pollock said.
Nixon won't be the only celebrity candidate on the New York ballot. Former "Law and Order: SVU" actress Diane Neal is running for Congress as an independent in a Hudson Valley district.
The first task for Nixon, Muzzio said, is to launch a listening and talking tour.
"She can't be the celebrity glamour girl," he said. "She's got to get out there and get exposure upstate."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BRUSSELS (AP) — A global conference organized by the European Union aimed at better protecting marine life has raised more than $7 billion.
During the Our Ocean conference that concluded Friday in the Maltese capital of Valletta, the EU committed $645 million to improve marine governance. Representatives from businesses, 112 countries and others pushed the total up to the unprecedented level.
The Ocean conference has accumulated some 8.7 billion euros ($10.2 billion) since it started in 2014 but the 2017 commitments exceeded expectations.
The conference focuses on funding and leading projects as varied at combating plastics pollution to countering illegal fishing and looking at the effects of climate change.
Copyright AP 2017. All rights reserved.
Friend of San Bernardino shooter Syed Farook pleads guilty to providing him with the rifles used in the attack.
A friend of Syed Farook, the shooter who carried out the San Bernardino terror attack in December of 2015, has agreed to plead guilty to providing the high-powered rifles used to kill 14 people and injure nearly two dozen others, The Associated Press reported Tuesday.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, admitted in a plea agreement that he bought the assault rifles used by Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, in the December 2, 2015, attack.
Farook and Malik were later killed in a gunfight with authorities. Marquez was the only man to be criminally charged in the shooting.
Marquez also agreed to plead guilty to making false statements when he purchased the firearms used in the attack, according to AP.
Marquez was arrested two weeks after the attack. Police said at the time they believed he purchased the weapons on behalf of Farook, who did not want them traced to him and feared he would not pass a background check.
Shortly after the massacre, the FBI raided Marquez's Riverside home.
Prosecutors said Marquez acknowledged being a "straw buyer" when he purchased two AR-15 rifles from a sporting goods store that were used in the attack at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino.
The prosecutors stressed there is no evidence Marquez himself participated in the San Bernardino massacre or had advance knowledge of it.
Marquez also admitted to plotting with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to massacre college students and gun down motorists on a gridlocked California freeway, though those attacks never occurred.
The FBI said after the massacre that Farook and Malik were both radicalized "for quite some time" and had taken target practice at Los Angeles-area shooting ranges, and once "within days" of the shooting.
It is believed Farook had contact with people from at least two terrorist organizations overseas, and investigators have also said Malik had pledged allegiance to the Islamic State (ISIS) group in a Facebook posting before the shooting attack.
Marquez, who could face up to 25 years in prison, is scheduled to appear before a federal judge on Thursday, according to AP. His attorney didn't immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
RIVERSIDE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--April is Water Conservation Month, making this an ideal time to for people everywhere to take steps to conserve and protect one of earth's most vital resources. April also means the Wyland National Mayor's Challenge for Water Conservation, the largest community-based challenge for water conservation, is in full swing.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005115/en/
Furthering education and awareness in water conservation, Toro continues its support of the Wyland National Mayor's Challenge for Water Conservation (Photo: The Toro Company)
Held every year from April 1-30, the National Mayor's Challenge is presented by the Wyland Foundation with sponsorship and support from The Toro Company. The 7 th annual challenge kicked off with Plano, Texas, Mayor Harry LaRosiliere challenging mayors throughout the U.S. to help spread the word about the importance of water.
The challenge rewards individual residents who make pledges online at www.mywaterpledge.com to perform specific water-saving activities throughout the month. By simply pledging their commitment to easy water-saving actions, residents are eligible for a chance to win many exciting prizes – $5,000 toward home utilities payments, water-efficient home irrigation products like Toro smart irrigation controllers, and other eco-friendly products. This year residents can also nominate a local charity from a participating city to win a Toyota RAV4 Hybrid vehicle.
Toro has been a partner with the Wyland Foundation since 2015, supporting outreach and activities around water conservation throughout the year. “Our partnership is a natural fit in our mission to support sustainability through the efficient use of water,” says Phil Burkart, vice president of Toro's Irrigation & Lighting Businesses. “We recognize the limited resources and availability of water. It's why we are dedicated to providing water-saving innovation and education to our customers worldwide.”
“As a worldwide leader in irrigation technology and innovation for homes, golf courses, sports fields, municipalities and agriculture, Toro recognizes the importance of protecting water resources for future generations,” says renowned marine life artist and conservationist Wyland. “Toro's support for Wyland Foundation and the National Mayor's Challenge for Water Conservation further demonstrates their commitment to ensure availability for people around the world and to educate the masses on how to successfully use water without waste.”
The National Mayors Challenge continues through April 30, 2018. Other sponsors include Toyota, EPA WaterSense ®, National League of Cities, Conserva Irrigation, Earth Friendly Products, makers of ECOS, and southern California broadcast partner KCAL9/KCBS2. The challenge is designed to bring together all facets of the community to follow their city's progress throughout the month and to use that information to encourage neighbors, businesses and civic groups to spread the word. At the midway point in the annual challenge, residents across the United States have already committed to reducing their water waste by approximately 1 billion gallons.
About The Toro Company
The Toro Company is a leading worldwide provider of innovative solutions for the outdoor environment including turf maintenance, snow and ice management, landscape, rental and specialty construction equipment, and irrigation and outdoor lighting solutions. With sales of $2.5 billion in fiscal 2017, Toro's global presence extends to more than 125 countries. Through constant innovation and caring relationships built on trust and integrity, Toro and its family of brands have built a legacy of excellence by helping customers care for golf courses, sports fields, public green spaces, commercial and residential properties and agricultural operations. For more information, visit www.toro.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005115/en/
CONTACT: The Toro Company
Alexis Bookman
alexis.bookman@toro.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA TEXAS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY UTILITIES NATURAL RESOURCES AGRICULTURE OTHER NATURAL RESOURCES LANDSCAPE URBAN PLANNING ENVIRONMENT CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY
SOURCE: The Toro Company
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:30 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:30 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005115/en
SEATTLE (AP) — The Sounders have signed Norwegian midfielder Magnus Wolff Eikrem after a mostly quiet offseason for the club.
Seattle on Tuesday announced the signing, subject to his obtaining a U.S. work visa.
Eikrem spent the past three seasons with Malmo in Sweden's top division, winning league titles in the last seasons. Eikrem also played for the Netherlands' Heerenveen and played parts of two seasons for Cardiff.
Eikrem has 17 appearances for Norway, including six in 2014 World Cup qualifying.
Atlanta Film Office
Get the latest street closings for filming in Atlanta by clicking the button below:
.
Greg's email: greg.clarkson@cbsradio.com
To submit yourself for these jobs, follow THESE INSTRUCTIONS:
.
Extras Casting Atlanta
“Den of Thieves” (Film) DenExtras@gmail.com
(Starring: Gerard Butler, O'Shea Jackson Jr, 50 Cent)
* “Police Officer” types – MUST be in great shape!!! (All Ethnicities) 21yrs & Older
* Seeking: Male & Female “Asians, Hispanics & Brazilians” 18 – 60yrs
* Put “Police Officer, Asian, Hispanic, Brazilian” in subject line
Tammy Smith Casting
“Black Panther” (Film) BlackPantherextras@gmail.com
(Starring: Chadwick Bozeman, Forest Whitaker)
* Seeking Black Men who are experienced “Equestrians” 18yrs & Older
* Asian Men & Women….Shoots Tomorrow/Thursday 18 – 80yrs
* If booked – Production will now pay younger relatives to drive their Elders to set.
* Put “Equestrian, Asian Man or Woman” in subject line
Casting TaylorMade
“Manifesto” (TV) extrascastingTM@gmail.com
* Caucasian Identical Twin Infants
* Drivable Old CARS – 1950–1998
* Put “Identical Twins, Old Car” in subject line
Marion Designs
Book Cover Models (Photo Shoot Opportunity)
* Men & Women in Great Shape/Physically Fit – All Ethnicities 18 – 30yrs
* Submit: 2 Photos (Head & Full Body) w/Stats and Contact Info to: info@mariondesigns.com
Get Scene Studios
(Local Acting Studio)
* Register for: February Special Offer – FREE Audition Technique class
* Send Email: w/Name, Age, Contact Info to: GetSceneStudios@gmail.com
* Put “Casting Call” in subject
Rose Locke Casting
“The Darkest Minds” (Film) RLC@RoseLockeCasting.com
* Seeking: 10yr. Old…Light Skinned African American Girl
* Put “Young Ruby” in subject line
Rose Locke Casting
“Simon vs The Homo Sapiens Agenda” (Film) RLC@RoseLockeCasting.com
(Starring: Nick Robinson from Jurassic World)
* Seeking “High School Students” – All Ethnicities 17 – 19yrs
* Shoots Multiple Days….March 6th – Mid April
* Home Schooled Kids are encouraged to apply.
* Put “HIGH SCHOOL” in subject line
Central Casting Georgia
(Casting Multiple Projects)
I, Tonya…24:Legacy…MaryLou…MacGyver
* To enter their database – Stop by their offices weekdays at 10:00am & 2:00pm
235 Peachtree St. NE – Suite 217 – Atlanta, GA. 30303
* Headshots will be taken at their Office.
* Visit website for more info & list of documents to bring: CentralCasting.com
Central Casting Georgia
“MacGyver” (TV) macatl@centralcasting.com
* Men & Women – ALL Ages & Ethnicities for an “Airport Scene” 18yrs & Older
* Put “Airport” in subject line.
Central Casting Georgia
“I, Tonya” (Film) TONYA@centralcasting.com
(Starring: Margot Robbie)
* Seeking: REAL “Polygraph Examiners” (All Ethnicities) 18yrs & Older
* Seeking: All Vehicles – Cars, Pickups, etc. 1994 and Older
* Put “Polygraph, Older Vehicle” in subject line.
NEW YORK (AP) — Pop stars are invading the Golden Globe Awards again this year with nominees such as Mariah Carey, Nick Jonas and Mary J. Blige, who is up for two awards.
Blige earned nominations Monday for her role in "Mudbound." She's up for best supporting actress in a motion picture and best original song for "Mighty River."
Carey is nominated for the Christmas tune "The Star," from the animated movie of the same name. Jonas is nominated for "Home" from "Ferdinand."
Other best original song nominees include Oscar-winning composers. Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, the duo behind "Let It Go" from "Frozen," are nominated for "Remember Me" from "Coco," while Benj Pasek and Justin Paul — who earned an Oscar this year for "La La Land," are up for "This Is Me" from "The Greatest Showman."
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- The New England Patriots are acquiring receiver/returner Cordarrelle Patterson from the Oakland Raiders in a trade, with the teams swapping late-round draft picks, the Raiders announced Monday.The Raiders will get the 159th overall pick in next month's draft from the Patriots in exchange for Patterson and the 210th overall pick.Patterson enters the final year of his contract in 2018 and is due a non-guaranteed base salary of $3 million. He has a $250,000 workout bonus as part of the deal.This isn't the first time the speedy Patterson has been connected to the Patriots. He entered the NFL as a first-round pick of the Minnesota Vikings in 2013 as the No. 29 overall pick that the Vikings acquired from the Patriots in a trade.The 6-foot-2, 220-pound Patterson has 163 career receptions for 1,625 yards and seven touchdowns over his career. He has been a dangerous kickoff returner as well, with 153 returns for 4,613 yards and five touchdowns.The Patriots' primary kickoff returner in 2017, running back Dion Lewis , signed a free-agent deal with the Tennessee Titans
BALTIMORE (AP) — A grand jury has indicted four Baltimore teenagers accused of killing a Maryland police officer.
The Baltimore County State's Attorney's office announced Wednesday that the indictments are made up of first-degree murder and burglary charges.
Baltimore County officer Amy Caprio died earlier this month while responding to a report of a suspicious vehicle.
Police accused 16-year-old Dawnta Harris of running over her in a stolen Jeep.
The state was formally supervising Harris, who was wearing an ankle bracelet pending sentencing for auto theft when he was arrested in Caprio's death.
Also facing murder charges are his three alleged accomplices. They were allegedly committing a burglary when Caprio was run down.
In Maryland, if someone is killed during a burglary, accomplices can be found guilty of murder along with the killer.
The hit-and-run driver whose car killed teenaged cyclist Dylan Crossey late at night was on his way to meet a woman he had just met on an internet dating site, a court heard.
A prosecuting barrister told Preston Crown Court that David Harwood could have been loading her address into his satnav when he ploughed into the back of the 15-year-old's unlit bike on a country lane in Whitestake.
Harwood, it was alleged, did not stop, or even slow down, despite the fact his wind screen was damaged in the collision and a wing mirror was broken.
“There is no doubt the defendant must have known he had had a serious collision,” said Jeremy Grant-Smith.
Harwood, 42, of The Close, New Longton, denies causing death by dangerous or careless driving. Dylan, a promising junior footballer, died the day after the accident from severe head and neck injuries.
The court heard he had been cycling with a friend along Wham Lane in Whitestake at around 11pm on a Friday night in October 2016 when the collision happened.
The boy who was with him was not injured. In a filmed interview with police, shown to the jury, he said the car had “whizzed past.” “It was just a whoosh.” The car had not swerved, slowed down or stopped, he said. It had just carried on and driven away.
Mr Grant-Smith said that earlier that night Harwood had met a young woman from Buckshaw Village on the dating site Zoosk. “They chatted for the first time and the defendant was going over to her house to meet her for the first time. So he was on his way to this assignation and he undoubtedly had amorous intentions.
“The prosecution suggest that if is established that (porgramming satnav) was what he was doing at the time, then that would be dangerous driving.”
(Proceeding)
Scientists are one step closer to achieving gender balance, at least as far as birth control is concerned.
While there are currently several contraceptive options targeted at women, there are only two for men; condoms and vasectomies.
The good news is that there are various reversible male birth control prototypes currently undergoing clinical trials. And the latest, a male oral contraceptive called dimethandrolone undecanoate (DMAU), appears to be safe and effective when taken daily for a month. The results of a recent study were presented by researchers at ENDO 2018, the Endocrine Society's 100th annual meeting in Chicago, on Sunday.
“These promising results are unprecedented in the development of a prototype male pill,”
Stephanie Page, professor of medicine at the University of Washington, said in a statement.
Eighty-three men aged 18 to 50 completed the study, which tested the effects of different doses (100, 200, and 400 milligrams) and formulations inside capsules (castor oil and powder) of DMAU. The men took the contraceptive or a placebo once a day for 28 days with food.
At 100 milligrams, the contraceptive was comparable to effective male contraception in long-term trials, Page said. At 400 milligrams, it produced “marked suppression” of testosterone levels and two other hormones necessary for sperm production.
So, how does it work? The drug combines the activity of a male hormone (or androgen) such as testosterone with synthetic progesterone. The pill also contains a long-chain fatty acid called undecanoate, which slows the breakdown of the testosterone so that it remains effective all day in contrast to older editions. These cleared the body too quickly and would, therefore, have required at least two doses daily to make it as a viable form of birth control.
As for any negative side effects, the volunteers did show signs of weight gain and a decrease in good cholesterol but these were mild. All passed safety tests including those suggestive of liver and kidney health, a hurdle previous attempts at male contraceptives have failed to meet.
“Despite having low levels of circulating testosterone, very few subjects reported symptoms consistent with testosterone deficiency or excess,” Page said.
By Abby Hassler
Prince, also known as “The Purple One” is finally getting his very own Pantone color. Pantone and Prince's Estate announced today (August 14) that the late singer has his own purple hue, “Love Symbol #2,” which is named after the iconic symbol the singer used as an emblem for his name.
Related: Wesley Snipes Beat Out Prince for His Role in Michael Jackson's ‘Bad'
“The color purple was synonymous with who Prince was and will always be. This is an incredible way for his legacy to live on forever,” Troy Carter, entertainment adviser to Prince's Estate, said.
“We are honored to have worked on the development of Love Symbol #2, a distinctive new purple shade created in memory of Prince, ‘the purple one,'” added Laurie Pressman, vice president of the Pantone Color Institute. “A musical icon known for his artistic brilliance, Love Symbol #2 is emblematic of Prince's distinctive style. Long associated with the purple family, Love Symbol #2 enables Prince's unique purple shade to be consistently replicated and maintain the same iconic status as the man himself.”
(AP Photo/Douglas C. Pizac, File). FILE - This May 30, 1997, file photo, shows the varied terrain of Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument near Boulder, Utah. The window opened Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, for oil, gas, uranium and coal companies to mak...
(Francisco Kjolseth/The Salt Lake Tribune via AP, File). FILE - This May 8, 2017, file photo shows an aerial view of Arch Canyon within Bears Ears National Monument in Utah. The window opened Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, for oil, gas, uranium and coal compani...
By BRADY McCOMBS
Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - The window opened Friday for oil, gas, uranium and coal companies to make requests or stake claims to lands that were cut from two sprawling Utah national monuments by President Trump in December -but there doesn't appear to be a rush to seize the opportunities.
For anyone interested in the uranium on the lands stripped from the Bears Ears National Monument, all they need to do is stake a few corner posts in the ground, pay a $212 initial fee and send paperwork to the federal government under a law first created in 1872 that harkens back to the days of the Wild West.
They can then keep rights to the hard minerals, including gold and silver, as long as they pay an annual fee of $155.
It was unclear if anyone was doing that Friday.
The Bureau of Land Management declined repeated requests for information about how they're handling the lands and how many requests and claims came in.
Steve Bloch, legal director of the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance, said he was told by the BLM Friday afternoon that inquiries were made but no claims sent in.
He said other conservation groups that have sued to block the downsized monument boundaries are watching closely to ensure no lands are disturbed in the short-term, hoping a judge will side with them and return the monuments to the original boundaries.
Two of the largest uranium companies in the U.S. - Ur-Energy Inc. and Energy Fuels Resources Inc. - said they have no plans to mine there. The price of uranium, which has fallen to about $22 per pound - down from more than $100 in the mid-2000s - would "discourage any investment in new claims," said Luke Popovich, a spokesman for the National Mining Association.
Colorado-based Energy Fuels asked for a reduction of Bears Ears last year in a public comment, but spokesman Curtis Moore said in a statement that the company has higher priorities elsewhere. He noted the lands were open to claims for 150 years prior to President Barack Obama creating the national monument in 2016.
"There probably isn't any land available for staking that would be of much interest to anyone," Moore said.
In Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument - part of a major coal reserve that a company was preparing to mine before President Bill Clinton protected the lands in 1996 - has been made available again but it appears unlikely any company will immediately jump at the chance this time.
Out-of-state demand for Utah's coal had led to a drop in coal production to about 14 million tons in 2017, down from about 27 million tons in the mid-2000s, said Michael Vanden Berg, energy and mineral program manager at the Utah Geological Survey.
"If a new mine were to open, it would be competing with existing mines in Utah for limited demand," Vanden Berg said.
Popovich called it "doubtful given market conditions and other factors" that companies interested in coal would put in a lease request.
Vanden Berg noted that a potential coal port in Oakland, California, could open up an Asian market and that technology could be developed to change market forces.
There's some potential for oil and gas at Grand Staircase, Vanden Berg said. But Kathleen Sgamma, president of an oil and gas industry group called Western Energy Alliance, said heavy oil shale in the area would require an intensive mining operation that doesn't make sense in today's market.
"There's no fracking trucks at the border waiting to rush in," Sgamma said.
President Trump downsized the Bears Ears National Monument by about 85 percent and Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument by nearly half. It earned him cheers from Republican leaders in Utah who lobbied him to undo protections by Democratic presidents that they considered overly broad.
Bears Ears, created nearly a year ago, will be reduced to 315 square miles (815.85 sq. kilometers). Grand Staircase-Escalante will be reduced from nearly 3,000 square miles (7770 sq. kilometers) to 1,569 square miles (4063.71 sq. kilometers).
Conservation groups called it the largest elimination of protected land in American history.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(AP File Photo). FILE - In this April 23, 1972 file photo, actor Robert Wagner and his former wife, actress Natalie Wood, pose at the Dorchester Hotel in London, England. Investigators are now calling Wagner a "person of interest" in the 1981 death of ...
(AP Photo/File). FILE - A Dec. 1, 1981 file photo shows actress Natalie Wood. Investigators are now calling 87-year-old actor Robert Wagner a "person of interest" in the 1981 death of his wife Natalie Wood. Mystery has swirled around Wood's death. It w...
(Photo by Todd Williamson /Invision/AP). FILE - In this Dec. 1, 2013 file photo, Robert Wagner attends The Caucus for Producers, Writers and Directors 31st Annual Awards in Beverly Hills, Calif. New witnesses have emerged in the 1981 drowning of actres...
(AP Photo/Paul J. Harrington, File). FILE - This Nov. 30, 1981 file photo shows the "Prince Valiant," the inflatable dinghy used by Natalie Wood, moored at the harbor in Avalon, Calif., after it washed up on the rocks on Santa Catalina Island. Patrolme...
By BRIAN MELLEY
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured for nearly four decades as the investigation has ebbed and flowed like the tides off a California island where her body was found floating on Thanksgiving weekend 1981.
Renewed interest came this week when the lead detective in the case said her widower, actor Robert Wagner, now 87, is considered a person of interest.
Here's a look at what's known about the death and the investigation over the years.
ALL ABOARD
The body of Wood, 43, was found off Catalina Island, a scenic getaway about 30 miles south of the Los Angeles-area coastline. The three-time Academy Award nominee who starred in "West Side Story" and "Rebel Without a Cause" couldn't swim. She was wearing a red down jacket and nightgown.
She had been drinking heavily aboard a yacht with her husband and with actor Christopher Walken, who was filming the thriller "Brainstorm" with Wood. The only other person aboard was the boat's captain.
Wagner, who was starring at the time in the TV drama "Hart to Hart," has denied any involvement in his wife's death, and no charges have been filed.
THEORIES FROM TWO KEY WITNESSES
Wagner wrote in a 2008 memoir that he and Walken argued that night. Walken went to bed and Wagner stayed up for a while, he wrote. When he went to bed, he noticed his wife and a rubber dinghy that had been tied to the yacht were missing.
"There are only two possibilities," Wagner wrote, "either she was trying to get away from the argument, or she was trying to tie the dinghy. But the bottom line is that nobody knows exactly what happened."
Walken has said little publicly over the years about the incident and has offered brusque replies at times when pressed. However, he told Playboy in 1997 that he thought Wood was probably half-asleep and slipped, hit her head and fell from the dinghy.
"Anybody there saw the logistics - of the boat, the night, where we were, that it was raining - and would know exactly what happened," Walken said. "You hear about things happening to people - they slip in the bathtub, fall down the stairs, step off the curb in London because they think that the cars come the other way - and they die. You feel you want to die making an effort at something; you don't want to die in some unnecessary way."
CHANGING INVESTIGATION
Authorities initially ruled the death an accidental drowning, but that changed. They reopened the investigation in 2011 after the boat's captain, Dennis Davern, said he heard the couple arguing the night of her disappearance.
The Los Angeles coroner's office amended Wood's death certificate in 2012 to include "drowning and other undetermined factors."
The change was due in part because investigators couldn't rule out that some of the bruises and marks on Wood's body happened before she went into the water, according to the report. Wood wasn't wearing a life jacket, had no history of suicide attempts and didn't leave a note.
The report also revealed that investigators hadn't preserved Wood's fingernails to determine if she had tried to claw her way back into the dinghy. Scratch marks were found on the craft's hull.
When the case was reopened, Los Angeles County sheriff's Lt. John Corina said Wagner was not a suspect.
This week, Corina told CBS News that he didn't believe Wagner had told the whole story about what happened and called him a person of interest in the case.
Initially, a sheriff's spokeswoman downplayed the report Thursday and said there was nothing new in the case. But later, the department issued a statement confirming that Wagner is a person of interest.
"Do we have enough to make an arrest at this moment? No," spokeswoman Nicole Nishida said.
WHAT WALKEN AND WAGNER TOLD INVESTIGATORS
Investigators made at least 10 attempts to interview Wagner again after reopening the investigation in 2011, including tracking him down in Colorado. But either Wagner or his lawyer refused.
Wagner's attorney, Blair Berk, issued a statement five years ago saying neither Wagner nor his daughters had any new information and blaming people for trying to exploit the 30th anniversary of Wood's death.
"Mr. Wagner has fully cooperated over the last 30 years in the investigation of the accidental drowning of his wife in 1981," Berk said at the time. "Mr. Wagner has been interviewed on multiple occasions by the Los Angeles sheriff's department and answered every single question asked of him by detectives during those interviews."
At the time, Corina said Walken gave a prepared statement and spoke to detectives for an hour.
Detectives also interviewed other actors who knew Wagner and Wood to learn more about their relationship.
NEW WITNESSES COME FORWARD
New witnesses interviewed since the case was reopened gave statements that "portray a new sequence of events on the boat that night," said Nishida, the sheriff's spokeswoman.
One witness described hearing yelling and crashing sounds coming from the couple's stateroom, she said. Shortly afterward, other witnesses heard a man and woman arguing on the back of the boat and believe the voices were those of Wood and Wagner.
Those statements differ from the version of events originally provided by witnesses, including those who were on the boat, she said.
In the past, people on boats moored near the yacht have provided witness statements.
Wagner's publicist, Alan Nierob, declined to comment Thursday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The makers of ‘Golmaal Again' have locked the festival of Diwali for the release of the upcoming comedy film, directed by Rohit Shetty.
Shibasish Sarkar, Chief Operating Officer of Reliance Entertainment, the studio which is jointly producing the film with Shetty said: “‘Golmaal Again', one of the most successful franchises of Indian film industry has created huge curiosity and demand among the exhibitors and distributors of the country.”
“On their demand, we decided for a wide scale release in the Diwali weekend of 2017, which will be apt for families and children in the festival period,” he added.
Actor Ajay Devgn, who will be seen playing the role of Gopal in the film, re-tweeted a photograph from the film's official Twitter page. The caption read: “‘Golmaal Again' this Diwali.”
‘Golmaal Again', which is the fourth instalment of the ‘Golmaal' franchise directed by Rohit Shetty, also stars Tabu, Parineeti Chopra, Arshad Warsi, Shreyas Talpade, Neil Nitin Mukesh, Kunal Kemmu and Tusshar Kapoor.
Parineeti and Kunal took to Twitter, where they tweeted the photograph of the entire cast and crew. The image's caption read: “This Diwali! ‘Golmaal Again'”.
The previous three instalments featured Kareena Kapoor Khan, Rimi Sen and Sharman Joshi among many others.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Intervals of clouds and sunshine. High around 90F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph..
Tonight
Clear skies with a few passing clouds. Low 81F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph.
BC-BBA--Top Ten
BASEBALL'S TOP TEN By The Associated Press AMERICAN LEAGUE G AB R H Pct. MMachado Bal 23 89 13 32 .360 Lowrie Oak 23 98 13 35 .357 Altuve Hou 24 94 13 33 .351 Betts Bos 20 75 23 26 .347 Gregorius NYY 22 75 19 26 .347 Correa Hou 23 81 17 28 .346 MSmith TB 19 61 9 21 .344 Judge NYY 22 82 22 28 .341 HRamirez Bos 19 75 16 25 .333 Cano Sea 22 78 16 25 .321 Haniger Sea 22 78 12 25 .321 Home Runs
Trout, Los Angeles, 9; Haniger, Seattle, 8; Gregorius, New York, 8; MMachado, Baltimore, 8; Gallo, Texas, 7; JoRamirez, Cleveland, 7; Judge, New York, 7; 6 tied at 6.
Runs Batted In
Gregorius, New York, 27; Haniger, Seattle, 24; Lowrie, Oakland, 23; KDavis, Oakland, 21; Correa, Houston, 19; GSanchez, New York, 18; 6 tied at 17.
Pitching
Porcello, Boston, 4-0; Carrasco, Cleveland, 4-0; Severino, New York, 4-1; Clippard, Toronto, 3-0; Velazquez, Boston, 3-0; Richards, Los Angeles, 3-0; Morton, Houston, 3-0; Verlander, Houston, 3-0; 6 tied at 3-1.
One trend was undeniable at this year's Mopars (rebranded as Muscle Cars) at the Strip in Las Vegas: Third-gen (2003 and newer) Hemi engines are now found under the hoods of an ever widening number of classic Mopars, from '50s station wagons to '90s front-wheel-drive Dodge Daytonas. One reason for this is that Mopar offers a wide variety of third-gen Hemi crate motors marketed as an alternative to their non-Hemi and Gen II counterparts.
But for cost-concerned builders — since 2003 when it debuted in the Ram, and then in 2005 when the Chrysler 300 and Dodge Magnum were introduced — millions of Gen III Saltilo, Mexico-built Hemi engines have found their way under the hoods of various Chrysler vehicles. Many of those vehicles now languish in wrecking yards from coast-to-cost and are a low-cost source for modern drivetrains suitable for transplantation. In many instances, the drivetrains (engine, transmission, and associated engine computers) from wrecked early Rams and LX cars can be purchased for $2,500 or less, much less than the cost of a Hemi crate motor.
For the Mopar faithful, will the Gen III Hemi be the small-block Chevy for the 21st century? Karl Krohn, hailing from Sandy, Utah, says the answer is yes. And the car in which a Gen III found a new home is an unlikely choice, an unassuming '74 Dodge Dart Swinger that was originally equipped with the venerable 225 Slant-Six backed up with a three-speed TorqueFlite automatic transmission.
Karl isn't your typical, dyed-in-the-wool Mopar guy. His first car was a '64 Chevelle SS, a 283 car with a two-speed Powerglide transmission. “My older brother Jon had a '65 Chevelle SS with a 327 four-speed,” says Karl. “We had this brotherly rivalry thing going on, and we were always trying to outdo each other. I had a part-time job after school at a wrecking yard in Burlington, Iowa. One day our tow truck driver hauled in a wrecked '69 Impala SS 427 with a TH400, a pretty robust combination. I begged and pleaded with my boss to sell me that engine/trans combo until he finally caved in and let me have it. I installed that setup in my Chevelle, and then I was King of the Hill for a while. One day, he was talking trash about Fords. Well, I figured they couldn't be all that bad so I went out and bought my first Ford, a '69 Torino GT. Needless to say, the rivalry has continued for all these years.”
Karl's owned other notable cars, including three '66 Buick Gran Sport Skylarks, one of which was an “AH” Convertible with a Dual Quad 401 automatic and a 4.33:1 Max-Trac rear differential. His first Mopar was a '69 Dodge Charger R/T 440 Six-Pack with a Dana 60 3.54:1 Sure Grip with bucket seats. Karl notes that it was unusual in that it was an automatic with a column shift.
Some time ago, Karl landed the job of prepping and tuning newly delivered cop cars for the Utah Highway Patrol. He continues to do that service today. And over the years his company, Absolute Performance, has become one of the major forces of the Salt Lake City and Utah performance car scene, upgrading modern muscle cars as well as transplanting modern engines in classic American muscle from the '60s and '70s.
How this particular Dart came into his possession is a bit of a story. Karl explains, “I went down to the Pick-N-Pull, a salvage yard in Salt Lake City to look for some parts for a project I was working on. When I walked in the door, a customer spotted me and said, ‘Hey Karl, You've got to check out that Swinger out there, it would be a good project for you.' Going on, I was informed it was a brown '74 Dart Swinger, and I wasn't impressed by what I heard and politely went about my parts hunting. Then, I saw the Swinger sitting not far from the yard's office and curiosity got the best of me, so I went over to have a look. At first glance, the reason it was there was obvious: The car had recently been wrecked and the driver-side wheel was torn loose, and the fender was wrecked. Aside from that, the car was simply dusty, so I looked inside and saw a surprisingly clean amber gold bench seat interior — seriously clean, in fact. The odometer showed 32,000 miles, so I logically assumed it was 132,000 miles, but after a moment's looking at the pedals and everything else, it was obvious the 32K showing was actually 32K. Knowing the yard's staff, I went in the office and asked them for the keys to the old Dart.
“Back outside, I flopped behind the wheel, curiously turned the key, and the little 225 Slant-Six sprang to life immediately and settled into a smooth fast idle. Astonished, I clicked the AM/FM knob, and the radio started playing perfectly. By this point, completely excited, I pushed the A/C controls, and the factory compressor kicked in and freezing cold air poured out of the vents. What was this thing doing in a junkyard? With already too many projects just sitting, I couldn't leave this little Dodge to a grim fate, so I bought the Dart. They literally lifted it with their giant forklift and placed it onto my trailer — amazingly without causing any further damage to the car. Naturally, when I arrived back at the shop, my guys gave me a bit of ribbing, but they too could see the car had no business being junked.”
When asked what prompted the installation of a Gen III Hemi, Karl explained it this way. “As with many shops, the shop owners [Karl owns Absolute Performance in Sandy, Utah] are usually so busy working on customer's cars that they don't have time to build one for themselves. I was having this same problem, with two half-completed project cars having sat dormant for ages at the back of the shop. So I saw the little Dart as a quick way to bolt together a fun car for myself that wouldn't require much time or expense.
“And believe it or not, this Swinger project began, literally, as an air cleaner — no joke. Among my cache of parts, there was an oval Hemi air cleaner assembly that just kept bugging me, and I became obsessed with the notion of having a plain vanilla stock-looking Dart with that giant oval air cleaner smacking you in the face when the hood went up. I like ‘sleepers,' and I like machines that pack a lot of shock value, so combining a Hemi with a grandpa brown '74 Swinger had increasing appeal as the days went by. So, during the winter of 2013, I took stock of what I had lying around the shop and realized I had a window of opportunity during the slower part of the season. The Slant-Six was yanked, the Dart was placed up on a jig, and the subtle transformation began.
“Being able to work my magic on new generation Hemis, I knew the Dart would have a 6.1-based powerplant, and as fate would have it, I had a 6.1 Hemi core lying in the parts pile that had come out of an SRT Grand Cherokee I'd built for a customer about a year before. I punched that engine out to be a 7.0L Hemi, performed a bit of head work, then grabbed up one of the Mopar dual-four carbureted intakes, because, after all, I wanted that big air cleaner under the hood. This set into motion an unexpected comedy of trial-and-error work to get the right baseplate and carburation combo that would fit under the stock flat hood. After modifying a couple of reproduction baseplates, I hit upon a combo that worked with the Edelbrock AFB carbs, but it also necessitated modifying the K-member and lowering the whole assembly an inch for more clearance. Wanting my creature comforts too, I went with the pulley drive setup off a 5.7L Hemi Ram pickup, and I modified a modern Cadillac rear discharge A/C compressor so everything fits neatly underneath an uncut retro Hemi air cleaner. I fabricated the A/C bracket between the alternator and the A/C compressor in-house, and then I stamped a part number on it so the thing would look like an OEM piece.”
In the weeks that followed, Karl found the front suspension parts needed to fix the Dart at the same yard and soon had it rolling around again under its own power, having just changed a few minor mechanical pieces for safety's sake. Karl notes that the remaining paperwork indicates the Dart was sold new in Salt Lake City to an older gent, who had it serviced religiously at a local Oldsmobile dealership for the first years of its life, then the records just stopped in the late '70s. “From all indications,” says Karl, “it looks like the Dart must've been put away and garaged after only a few years on the road, then it likely remained there until a grandson or some heir got the car a few years back and promptly wrecked it. With the front suspension damage, and being a '74 Dart, the insurance company simply totaled the car out, and it ended up being sold for junk. Within weeks of laying eyes on it, the brown Swinger was cleaned up, the six was running like a watch, and I was using this thing as a daily driver. I found a Swinger fender to replace the wrecked original, and my friend Mack McBride at Mack's Restorations in Murray, Utah, scuffed down the body and reapplied some fresh brown metallic paint. And from there, things quickly snowballed.”
The biggest upgrade, after the drivetrain, is the Hotchkis suspension. Working with John Hotchkis, the car received their A-Body TVS Suspension package. The upgrade also included QA1 front lower control arms, Fox tuned shock absorbers, 1.5-inch front sway bar, and reproduction 1.030-inch Super Stock torsion bars from PST. In the rear, the leaf springs are reproduction Super Stock springs arched to maintain a factory stance. A 1-inch Hotchkis sway bar and Fox shocks round out the rear suspension upgrades. The result is a suspension that's firm like a modern muscle car — a far cry from the way this and all other Swingers (and Chrysler A-Bodies) rolled off the assembly line back in day.
Karl drives the car almost every day the sun is shining and enjoys trolling for late-model victims. Karl explains, “I know there are a lot of fast cars on the road, but the fun part is surprising someone in a car that looks like ‘grandpa's grocery-getter.' The main goal is to make sure that person will never forget the day he took on grandpa's plain brown wrapper! The overall comfort is a bit firm, but that was to be expected. Now on the other hand, the handling characteristics are unbelievable. This car handles as good as any new ponycar, tire limiting of course. The car is mainly all original — the factory spare tire is still in the trunk. Outside of the engine/transmission upgrade and the suspension upgrade, the rest of the car is original.”
When asked what's the most unusual attribute of his car, Karl added, “I think the most notable attribute of my car is the fact that the first impression is so refreshing to see an old car that looks new and then to discover that it has a Hemi in it — that really creates some huge smiles.”
Current Configuration
ENGINE
Type: Gen lll Hemi
Bore x stroke: 4.080 x 4.080 inches
Block: production 6.1L Gen lll Hemi block
Rotating assembly: K1 crankshaft 4.080 stroke, K1 connecting rods, 6.125-inch Wisco pistons
Cylinder heads: ported 6.1
Compression: 11:1
Camshaft: 112-500-11, camshaft, hydraulic roller tappet, advertised duration 260/264, lift .522/.525, Mopar, 5.7/6.1L, Hemi
Valvetrain: stock with Stanke Motorsports rocker shaft stabilizer kits
Induction: Mopar 2×4-bbls dual plain intake manifold, dual FAST EFI throttle bodies
Oiling system: stock OE oiling system with offset filter adapter (Jeep)
Fuel system: Tanks Inc. EFI fuel tank with return system using Corvette fuel filter
Exhaust: TTI full 2.5-inch exhaust system with X-pipe and reproduction HEMI mufflers
Ignition: Holley Dominator supplies the ignition system as well as the EFI
Cooling: reproduction radiator with four cores, maintains a factory stock appearance
Fuel: premium pump gas
Output: 425 hp
Engine built by: Karl Krohn, Absolute Performance Inc.
Transmission: 727 TorqueFlite with A&A Transmission modified valve body
Converter: TCI 2,800-stall torque converter
Rear axle: Dana 60
Axle ratio: 3.54:1 35 Spline Detroit TrueTrac
Shifter: stock column shift select
Steering: Borgenson fast ratio steering box
Front brakes: factory Mopar C-Body 11.75-inch disc brakes
Rear brakes: factory Mopar C-Body 10×2.5-inch drum brakes
Rollbar/chassis: no rollbar or chassis stiffeners, subframe connectors may be added this summer
WHEELS & TIRES
Wheels: factory Mopar Police Pursuit 15×7 wheels with stainless trim rings and dog dish hubcaps
Tires: 215/60-15 radial street tires
SUSPENSION
Front: Hotchkis TVS suspension package with QA1 front lower control arms, Fox-tuned shock absorbers, 1.5-inch front sway bar, reproduction PST 1.030-inch Super Stock torsion bars
Rear: reproduction Super Stock leaf springs arched to maintain a factory stance, 1-inch rear Hotchkis sway bar and Fox shocks
INTERIOR
Seats: factory original with driver-seat area stitching renewed
Instruments: factory original
Wiring: factory original
Upcoming Build Configuration
ENGINE
Type: Gen lll Hemi
Bore x stroke: 4.125 x 4 inches
Block: all aluminum big-bore McLaren Cast Gen lll 426 Hemi block
Rotating assembly: (Mulnar Technologies) forged steel crankshaft with 2.100-inch rod journals, modified GM LS7 titanium connecting rods with billet wristpin bushings (Katek), Chromium Nitride coated (Surface Solutions), custom forged 400 series high-silicone content pistons (Sue Nash, Wiesco Pistons)
Cylinder heads: Edelbrock 61159
Compression: 11.5:1
Camshaft: Arrow Racing custom grind: intake/exhaust lift .628, duration at .050 intake/exhaust 233/243, lobe separation: 115, intake centerline: 115
Valve train: stock with Stanke Motorsports rocker shaft stabilizer kits
Induction: Mopar 2×4-bbls dual-plane intake manifold
Oiling system: stock OE oiling system with offset filter adapter (Jeep)
Fuel system: Tanks Inc. EFI fuel tank w/return system using Corvette fuel filter
Exhaust: TTI full 2.5-inch exhaust system with X-pipe and reproduction Hemi mufflers
Ignition: Holley Dominator supplies the ignition system as well as the EFI and Transmission controls
Cooling: reproduction radiator with four cores, maintains a factory stock appearance
Fuel: premium pump gas
Output: TBD
Engine built by: Karl Krohn, Absolute Performance Inc.
DRIVETRAIN:
Transmission: 4L70E-SD GM automatic (Trailblazer SS transmission), modified with 298mm input shaft to accommodate smaller torque converter
Converter: GM C5 Corvette torque converter
Rear axle: Dana 60
Axle ratio: 3.54:1 35-spline Detroit TrueTrac
Shifter: stock column shift with modified shift detent for overdrive
Steering: Borgenson fast ratio steering box
Front brakes: factory Mopar C-Body 11.75-inch disc brakes
Rear brakes: factory Mopar C-Body 10×2.5-inch drum brakes
Rollbar/chassis: no rollbar or chassis stiffeners, subframe connectors may be added this summer
An Edmonton man was charged with impaired driving and firearms offenses after a hit-and-run in Jasper National Park on Sunday.
James Nicholas Percy, 35, was arrested on Highway 16 near disaster point after fleeing the scene of a collision near Pocahontas Cabins shortly before 3 p.m.
According to Jasper RCMP it all started with complaints of an erratic driver from the public and from Hinton RCMP heading westbound toward the park. Jasper RCMP members responded and headed east but almost immediately after received a report of a two-vehicle collision.
It got worse.
“A male suspect had exited his vehicle and was yelling at bystanders and attempting to fight them,” Const. Patrick Vallee said in a press release. “The suspect then got back into his vehicle and fled the accident scene.”
He pulled over a short distance west of the scene at a spot known as disaster point and according to bystanders, started loading what looked like a gun, hiding behind his vehicle. Many of the members of the public likewise took cover behind their own vehicles.
Two Jasper RCMP officers conducted a “high-risk arrest” and took the suspect into custody without incident. He was transported to hospital to be treated for non-life threatening injuries he sustained in the collision.
“The RCMP would like to thank the public for its assistance during and after this incident,” Vallee said.
Percy was found to be in possession of more than one firearm, triggering a host of Criminal Code, traffic, drug and National Parks Act charges including impaired operation, dangerous operation, failing to remain, possession of a controlled substance and unsafe storage of a firearm.
The complete list of charges is below. None of the charges have been proven in court; Percy is scheduled to appear in Jasper court on Dec. 14.
– 2 counts of unsafe storage of a firearm 86(2) Criminal Code
– Possession of a prohibited device 91(2) Criminal Code
– Possession of a prohibited device in a motor vehicle 94 Criminal Code
– Dangerous operation of a motor vehicle 249(1)(a) Criminal Code
– Failing to remain at an accident scene 252 Criminal Code
– Impaired operation of a motor vehicle 253(1)(a) Criminal Code
– Possession of a controlled substance 4(1) Controlled Drugs and Substances Act
– 3 counts of possession of a firearm in a National Park 24(2) Canada National Parks Act
– 2 counts of possession of a firearm in a motor vehicle 24(2) Canada National Parks Act
A judge who lay on a cot as though he were a condemned man on a gurney after issuing an order halting Arkansas' multiple execution plan was barred Monday from taking up any death penalty-related cases and referred to a disciplinary panel.
The state Supreme Court reassigned the cases from Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen days after he participated in the anti-death penalty demonstration outside the governor's mansion. Griffen's protest has sparked outrage among death penalty supporters, including Republican lawmakers who described it as judicial misconduct and potential grounds for Griffen's removal from the bench.
"To protect the integrity of the judicial system this court has a duty to ensure that all are given a fair and impartial tribunal," the court said in its two-page order. Justices also referred Griffen to the state Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission to consider whether he violated the code of conduct for judges.
Griffen did not immediately return a message Monday seeking his reaction to the high court's order. He has said he's morally opposed to the death penalty and that his personal beliefs alone shouldn't disqualify him from taking up certain cases. For years, he has been pushing the boundaries of how much a judge can speak out on controversial issues.
"We have never, in my knowledge, been so afraid to admit that people can have personal beliefs yet can follow the law, even when to follow the law means they must place their personal feelings aside," Griffen told The Associated Press on Saturday.
On Friday, Griffen granted a restraining order preventing Arkansas from using its supply of vecuronium bromide, one of three drugs it uses in executions, because the supplier said the state misleadingly obtained the drug. The state has appealed the ruling, which blocked a plan to execute eight men in 11 days in four double executions, starting Monday night.
Lawmakers have suggested the move may be grounds for the Arkansas House to begin impeachment proceedings, saying the demonstration and a blog post Griffen wrote on the death penalty last week may amount to "gross misconduct" under the state constitution.
"He is outside the bounds of normal behavior for most judges probably anywhere in America," Republican state Sen. Jason Rapert said.
The Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission confirmed Monday an investigation of Griffen is pending following the state Supreme Court referral. Griffen, who served 12 years on the state appeals court, previously battled with the judicial discipline panel over remarks he made criticizing President George W. Bush and the war in Iraq. The panel ultimately dropped its case against him.
Griffen testified before the state Legislature in 2015 against a religious objections measure that was criticized as anti-gay, and he regularly blogs about current events in posts that weave in Biblical passages. They include a post days before his ruling that criticized the execution push in Arkansas.
"While the world meditates about divine love, forgiveness, justice, and hope, Arkansas officials plan to commit a series of homicides," he wrote.
Griffen, 64, is a Baptist minister who was first elected as Pulaski County judge in 2010. He ran twice unsuccessfully for state Supreme Court — including a bid for chief justice in 2004. In his other state Supreme Court race in 2006, Griffen challenged his rival to a debate over the free-speech rights of judges.
Griffen said he wouldn't consider a person's participation in an anti-execution event enough, on its own, to warrant disqualifying a juror from a death penalty case. The question, he said, is whether the juror could set his or her personal views aside and follow the law.
"We do not require people to come into court with blank slates, either in their minds or their heart," he said Saturday.
———
Follow Andrew DeMillo on Twitter at https://twitter.com/ademillo
Uproxx
I've written here already about wild animals and you know we cover conservation, but let's take a minute to talk about another important part of the safari experience. Luxury. The “tents” with wood floors and hot water bottles. The hibiscus flower arrangements and tablecloths out in the bush, so you can breakfast whilst gawking at hippos in the river.*
*Remember: there's always a 4-1 hippo rule: four you can't see for every one you can. You are probably surrounded. Enjoy that muffin.
And of course, who can forget the crown jewel of the luxurious safari? The sundowner. The moment when you stop watching wild dogs and hyena battling over a fresh kill, or lion cubs playing, or a leopard dragging a baby giraffe carcass into a tree and drive somewhere semi-safe to nurse your gin-and-tonic and watch the sunset in the lurid, red-streaked sky.*
*Actually, you should probably not stop watching any of that. Sunset is the best time for wildlife! Even if you're not able to see the safari in person. Which brings me to…
The Joy of Armchair Drinking Safaris.
NatGeo WILD
Yes, Armchair Drinking Safaris. It's officially “a thing,” starting… now!
Hear me out. Have you ever watched Safari LIVE? It's TV for 2018: the soothing, chatty commentary of The Great British Bake-Off meets the visceral rush of Game of Thrones. They call themselves the “Safari Soap Opera” for a reason. If you're not already watching these live safari installments, I have to ask: where, exactly, are you getting your fix of wildebeest giving birth? Are you not entertained? In our current political climate, is this not more cathartic television than anything short of Arya's Frey Faceoff?
Starting this Sunday after the Big Game (get it?), the show is airing for five straight nights. The program broadcasts game drives from Sabi Sands, South Africa, and the Maasai Mara, Kenya, zooming in on all kinds of wildlife, from big cats to bugs. It's the circle of life and you're all up in it.
As co-founder Graham Wallington puts it, “Everything about how we build our safari experience recreates exactly what it feels like to be on the vehicle.”
I've tagged along in the back of Mara Safari LIVE vehicle and watched an impressive amount of broadcasting, and let me tell you: watching from home has its benefits. All of the excitement of a game drive, none of the danger of tumbling-while-tipsy out of the vehicle to being eaten by lions.
Note: Throughout the week of February 4th, Safari LIVE is giving normals-like-us the chance to win a full luxury African safari by playing interactive bingo.*
*I, on the other hand, am I offering absolutely nothing for you to play my SAFARI SUNDOWNER DRINKING GAME except the utter joy of it, so you should definitely prioritize mine.
Without further ado…
THE SAFARI SUNDOWNER DRINKING GAME:
Unsplash
Well, okay, one more ado. For our purposes, a “drink” is a sip of your favorite poison. A proper sundowner is a gin and tonic, but we'll forgive you if your tastes run less to, um, imperialism and more to…anything else.
ISLAMABAD (AP) — The Latest on a magnitude 6.1 earthquake along the Afghanistan and Pakistan border (all times local):
1:30 p.m.
An Afghan official says at least three people have been injured in an earthquake in northeastern Badakhshan province near the border with Pakistan.
Gul Mohammad Bedar, deputy governor in Badakhshan province, had no details on how the three were injured in the quake centered in Jarm district. The force of the temblor cracked the walls of a number of houses there.
Bedar says officials are trying to collect more details form the remote villages of Jarm district where was the center for the quake.
___
12:40 p.m.
The U.S. Geological Survey is reporting a strong magnitude-6.1 earthquake has rattled Afghanistan and Pakistan, including the capital cities of both countries. There are no immediate reports of damage or injuries.
The USGS on Wednesday reported the quake's center in northeast Afghanistan near the Pakistan border, about 35 kilometers (22 miles) south of Jarm in the Hindu Kush region, with a depth of 191.2 kilometers (119 miles).
The temblor was felt in the Afghan capital Kabul and the Pakistan capital Islamabad and elsewhere in both countries.
TV footage showed Pakistanis fleeing their offices in panic.
On Monday, company leaders from Amazon Web Services (AWS) took the stage at the AWS NY Summit to detail the firm's latest efforts in data protection, analysis, and migration.
The first of the core announcements was Amazon Macie, a new security tool that uses machine learning to identify the secure data that a customer is storing in AWS, and takes steps to protect it. "Amazon Macie recognizes sensitive data such as personally identifiable information (PII) or intellectual property, and provides customers with dashboards and alerts that give visibility into how this data is being accessed or moved," a press release said.
Macie works with data stored in Amazon's Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), but support for additional data stores is due later in 2017, the press release said. Macie can be enabled through the AWS Management Console, and its cost is determined by the amount of content that is classified as secure.
SEE: Special report: The cloud v. data center decision (free PDF)
The goal of Macie, it seems, is to make the jobs of security professionals easier by automating many of the daily processing tasks associated with categorizing and protecting cloud data. Once a baseline is established among a customer's data, Macie looks for anomalies, and alerts users to any activity it deems suspicious.
Another new service, AWS Glue, could make it easier to analyze customer data as well. Glue is an extract, transform, and load (ETL) service that simplifies the processes for loading data into Amazon S3, Amazon Redshift, Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS), or other databases running on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2), so that the data can be further queried and analyzed, according to a press release.
ETL jobs in Glue can be created through the AWS Management Console. Customers tell Glue what data they want to target in AWS, and then Glue "discovers the associated metadata (e.g. table definitions) and classifies it, generates ETL scripts for data transformation, and loads the transformed data into a destination data store, provisioning the infrastructure needed to complete the job," the release said.
AWS Glue is a serverless solution. Because of this, customers are billed for compute resources consumed relative to data preparation and loading jobs, the release said.
In an effort to make cloud migration easier, AWS also announced its new AWS Migration Hub, an umbrella solution made up of the AWS Application Discovery Service, the AWS Server Migration Service, and the the AWS Database Migration Service. In addition to guiding users through the migration process, it also tracks the migration status as well.
While the AWS Migration Hub is based in the US West (Oregon) Region, it can manage migrations that happen in any AWS region, the release said. There is no additional cost for the Hub, as users are just charged for the services that are a part of the hub.
Additional AWS products like the Amazon Elastic File System (EFS), AWS Config, and AWS CloudHSM all received some minor updates at the AWS NY Summit as well.
The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers
Amazon Macie is a new security tool that uses machine learning to identify sensitive cloud data, and takes extra steps to protect it. AWS Glue is an ETL service that makes it easier to migrate data to one of many AWS data stores so it can be analyzed and queried. The new AWS Migration Hub is a collection of AWS tools that guide a user through the cloud migration process and give insight along the way.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Cloud Insights newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
NBC
The New Celebrity Apprentice (NBC, 8:00 p.m.) — The season eight premiere of the new and (hopefully improved) Celebrity Apprentice sees 16 stars creating a 10 minute beauty experience before producing an original song and video for Trident. Later, Arnold Schwarzenegger takes control of the boardroom with his advisers, his nephew and Tyra Banks.
The Bachelor (ABC, 8:00 p.m.) — Season 21 kicks off with bachelor Nick Viall meeting the 30 women vying for his heart. The first rose ceremony will see eight of those ladies say goodbye, but before any romancing can happen, Sean Lowe, Chris Soules and Ben Higgins must offer Nick advice on searching for his soul mate..
Kevin Can Wait (CBS, 8:00 p.m.) — After being married for a few decades, Kevin finally decides to make good on his promise to buy Donna a proper engagement ring. Things go awry when he tries to surprise her.
MasterChef Celebrity Showdown (Fox, 8:00 p.m.) — Some famous faces come out to test their culinary skills tonight, among them: Trai and Grace Byers (Empire); reality TV's NeNe and Gregg Leakes; Cheryl Hines (Son of Zorn); Kal Penn; former NFL stars Ronde and Tiki Barber; Good Charlotte's Joel and Benji Madden. Later, Anthony Anderson (black-ish) teams up with Gordon Ramsay to take on Jordana Brewster (Lethal Weapon) and Christina Tosi.
Shadowhunters (Freeform, 8:00 p.m.) — Season two begins with the Institute left in chaos following Jace's decision to join Valentine — his long lost dad. Clary, Isabelle and Alec fight to find Jace while also battling the new head of the Institute and Jocelyn struggles to catch up on everything she missed while in her magical coma.
WWE Monday Night Raw (USA, 8:00 p.m.) — Goldberg returns for Raw's first 2017 show, just a few weeks before he's set to face Brock Lesnar and 28 other Superstars in the Royal Rumble Match.
Man With a Plan (CBS, 8:30 p.m.) — Adam finds out about Andi's close relationship with a male colleague and his jealousy gets the better of him.
2 Broke Girls (CBS, 9:00 p.m.) — Max and Caroline waitress on a riverboat in New Orleans while trying to reach Randy in Texas and Oleg and Sophie make big bucks when they sell pony rides on Chestnut.
Beyond (Freeform, 9:00/10:00 p.m.) — The series premiere of this supernatural drama follows a man, Holden, who wakes up after 12 years in a coma only to discover he has special abilities. After being warned by a mysterious woman not to trust those closest to him and being attacked by a man claiming to know about his supernatural abilities, he decides to figure out what happened to him while he was asleep. Later, Holden attends a college party in order to act normal again but a hookup with a college co-ed proves disastrous.
The Odd Couple (CBS, 9:30 p.m.) — Dani, Teddy and Murph help Emily with her necklace-making business and Oscar arranges for Felix to replace him on any cultural outing that Charlotte has planned.
Scorpion (CBS, 10:00 p.m.) — Cabe is seriously wounded while on a mission in the desert and the only way to save his life is by freezing his body.
Jimmy Kimmel Live: Here for the Right Reasons (ABC, 10:00 p.m.) — Jimmy Kimmel recaps the premiere of The Bachelor.
LATE NIGHT GUESTS
Jimmy Kimmel Live!: Joel McHale, Nick Viall
TORONTO (AP) — DeMar DeRozan scored 23 points, Jonas Valanciunas had 18 points and 11 rebounds and the Toronto Raptors rallied from a 13-point deficit to beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 109-104 on Tuesday night.
Kyle Lowry and Serge Ibaka each scored 15 points and Jakob Poeltl had six of his 12 points in the fourth quarter as the Raptors won their 14th straight home meeting with the Timberwolves.
Minnesota has not won in Toronto since Jan. 21, 2004, when current Timberwolves star Andrew Wiggins was eight years old.
Toronto is 19-4 at home this season, the second-best record in the NBA behind San Antonio (21-4).
Jimmy Butler scored 25 points, Wiggins had 15 and Jeff Teague and Gorgiu Dieng each finished with 14 but the Timberwolves lost for the fourth time in five games.
Taj Gibson scored 12 points and Karl-Anthony Towns had 11 points and 10 rebounds for Minnesota.
The Timberwolves went 1-8 on the road in January. They're 12-16 away from home this season.
Trailing 80-78 to begin the fourth, Toronto tied it on a fast break dunk by Norman Powell. Wiggins replied with a layup, but Poeltl's layup sparked a 12-2 Raptors run over the next three minutes, putting Toronto up 92-84 with 7:46 remaining.
Wiggins made his first 3 with 1:01 left, capping a 7-0 Minnesota spurt that cut the gap to two, 103-101. Following a Toronto timeout, DeRozan's short jumper pushed the lead back to four points.
Wiggins missed a 3 with 21 seconds left and DeRozan was fouled after grabbing the rebound. He and Valanciunas each made a pair of free throws in the final seconds.
Making his lone appearance of the season in his home city, Wiggins shot 7 for 22, going 1 for 6 from 3-point range and coming up empty on a dunk in the fourth.
TIP-INS
Timberwolves: Wiggins missed his first six shot attempts before connecting on a jumper. ... Dieng made his first six shots before missing.
Raptors: G Fred VanVleet flew home to Rockford, Illinois, following Sunday's home win over the Lakers to attend the birth of his first child, a girl. VanVleet was excused from practice Monday and rejoined the team shortly before game time Tuesday. He finished with 10 points. ... F C.J. Miles (right knee) was not available. ... Toronto has 18 assists on 19 first-half baskets. ... Lowry led the Raptors with nine assists.
UP NEXT
Timberwolves: Host the Bucks on Thursday. Minnesota lost at Milwaukee earlier this season.
Raptors: Visit Washington on Thursday. Toronto has won seven straight road meetings with the Wizards.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
India's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV-C37) has launched into space 88 satellites from earth imaging company Planet Labs, giving the startup the ability to "image all of Earth's landmass every day.”
Planet Labs earlier this month entered into an agreement to acquire Google's Terra Bella business, including the SkySat constellation of satellites, and said that Google upon closing, will enter into a multi-year contract to purchase Earth-imaging data from Planet.
The startup expects its data to be useful for a variety of applications such as measuring agricultural yields, monitoring natural resources, or aiding first responders after natural disasters.
The launch of the PSLV-37 on Wednesday morning local time was a record for India's space program as it carried 104 satellites into orbit, the largest number so far on a single launch. Launched from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre at Sriharikota in south India, the PSLV-C37 launched its primary payload, the 714 kilograms Cartosat-2 series satellite for earth observation, and 103 co-passenger satellites that weighed about 663 kg at lift-off into a 505 kilometer polar Sun Synchronous Orbit.
A Sun Synchronous Orbit ensures that a satellite passes over a section of the planet's surface at the same local time each day.
Planet Lab's Co-Founder and Chief Strategy Officer Robbie Schingler said that as a result of the PSLV launch, the company now has 144 satellites in orbit.
Besides miniaturizing its Dove satellites and learning to build them at scale, the company has “constructed the world's second largest private network of ground stations; custom built an automated mission control system; created a massive data pipeline able to process the vast amount of imagery we collect; and developed a software platform that lets customers, researchers, governments and NGOs access imagery quickly,” Schingler wrote in a post soon after the launch.
The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) said Wednesday that besides the Cartosat-2 series satellite, the PSLV-37 carried 101 co-passenger satellites, consisting of smaller nano-satellites, including one each from Kazakhstan, Israel, the Netherlands, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates and 96 from the U.S., besides two nano-satellites from ISRO.
The ISRO nano-satellites are modular units weighing less than 10 kg and with payloads of up to 5 kg. They are designed to travel into orbit as co-passenger satellites to accompany larger satellites on PSLV. Besides satellites from Planet, the PSLV also launched eight satellites from remote tracking company Spire.
Authorities say that an explosion at a natural gas facility near Austria's border with Slovakia has left one person dead.
The Austria Press Agency reported that Red Cross official Sonja Keller said a further 18 people were injured.
There was no immediate word on what caused the blast Tuesday at the plant in Baumgarten an der March, east of Vienna, where pipelines connect and gas is compressed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's testimony to the House Financial Services Committee (all times local):
___
10:15 a.m.
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has begun her second day of testimony to Congress. She appears today before the House Financial Services Committee, where she is expected to face tough questioning from Republican lawmakers. She spoke to a Senate committee Tuesday.
She says in her prepared remarks that the Fed expects to move interest rates up at a gradual pace this year as long as the job market and the economy remain solid. She says it is too early to determine the impact President Donald Trump's economic program will have on the economy.
A senior politician and Pakistan Peoples Party leader Mir Hazar Khan Bijarani in Pakistan committed suicide after killing his wife. Bajrani and his wife body were found dead at their residence in Karachi. After the initial investigation, the police is suspecting the domestic dispute between the couple behind the incident. The police reports said the minister shot one bullet in his head whereas his wife was shot thrice.
Pakistani provincial minister Mir Hazar Khan Bijarani, who was found dead in his house along with his wife, first killed her and then committed suicide with the same weapon, the police said on Friday. Bijarani and his wife Fariha Razak were found dead on Thursday at their residence in Karachi. The police said they suspect a domestic dispute to be behind the incident, Geo News reported. A press release by the police stated that the initial reports revealed that all the bullet casings collected from the crime scene were fired from the same weapon.
The minister had one bullet wound in his head whereas his wife was shot thrice, report said.
Bijarani, a veteran leader of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), was the Planning and Development Minister in Sindh province. His wife was a journalist. Funeral prayers for the minister and his wife were held shortly after Friday prayers. While Razzaq's funeral was held in Karachi's Defence Housing Authority area, prayers for Bijarani were offered in Kashmore. A meeting of the National Assembly (NA) Standing Committee on Rules of Procedure and Privileges was held Friday at the Parliament House under the chairmanship of member of National Assembly (MNA) Rana Muhammad Qasim Noon.
The committee prayed for the departed souls of late MNA Mir Hazar Khan Bijarani and his wife. The committee welcomed MNA Rana Muhammad Ishaq Khan for becoming a member of the Standing Committee on Rules of Procedure and Privileges. On the amendment moved by MNA Naeema Kishwar Khan regarding Rule 48 of the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the National Assembly, 2007, the committee directed the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs and the Ministry of Law and Justice to further go through the amendment and report to the committee in its next meeting.
The committee unanimously decided that the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) chief secretary should inquire into the matter as per Efficiency and Discipline (E&D) Rules by discontinuing the MCMC training of Islam in National Institute of Management (NIM), Peshawar, and report to the committee in its next meeting. However, the committee dropped the agenda till its next meeting.
Pune Student Shruti Vinod Shrikhande has topped the Combined Defence Services (CDS) examination conducted by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC). Shruti has emerged the national level topper in the written examinations and the interview for the Officers Training Academy (OTA), Chennai. The results were declared on Thursday evening on the UPSC website. Shruti says she did not take any coaching or tuition for the exams, it was the hardwork that paid off. Started preparing just 7 months before the examination. She states she was always motivated by her father and wanted to live a disciplined life like her father. She read the newspaper and was also updated on current affairs. However, she claims it was not easy to manage college along with preparations for entrance exams.
The daughter of Brigadier Vinod Shrikhande and homemaker Ujwala Shrikhande, Shruti has travelled all over the country with her family, before finally settling down in Pune seven years ago. The family currently resides in Hadapsar. The daughter of Brigadier Vinod Shrikhande and homemaker Ujwala Shrikhande, Shruti has travelled all over the country with her family, before finally settling down in Pune seven years ago. The family currently resides in Hadapsar. Her Ujwala added, “Shruti has worked very hard for this. Her day would start at 5.30 am and end late in the evening. From following her exercise routines to attending college and preparing for UPSC simultaneously, she has multitasked her way to success.” The final results of the Combined Defence Services Examination (I) written examination and interview for entry to the Officers Training Academy (OTA), Chennai, were released by the UPSC on its website upsc.gov.in.
Rural crime claims have risen by more than a fifth in the first half of the year, a new report has suggested.
Despite a slight drop in the cost of such crime to just under £40million last year, early claims statistics show a sharp increase in the first half of 2017, NFU Mutual said.
Releasing its annual report on rural crime across the four regions of the UK for last year, the insurer described farmyards being turned into fortresses to ward off "brazen" thieves.
It said farmers have taken high-tech steps including using infra-red surveillance and installing tracking devices on their tractors.
The apparent rise in the first half of 2017 compared to the same period last year is "deeply worrying", Tim Price of NFU Mutual said.
England bore the brunt of the 2016 crime cost at just under £34million, while the cost to Northern Ireland was £2.5million, Scotland £1.6million, and Wales £1.3million.
North East England was the worst-affected area last year, the report said, with such crime costing more than £7million - an increase of almost 9% on 2015.
Lincolnshire came top for the worst-affected county at £2,499,521, while Lancashire experienced a 40% drop in theft costs since 2015.
Tools and quads were the most targeted items, with the cost of thefts of the latter rising to £2million last year, the report said.
Livestock theft cost an estimated £2.2million last year, falling everywhere apart from Wales, it added.
Mr Price, NFU Mutual Rural Affairs Specialist, said: "While the fall in rural theft in 2016 is welcome news, the sharp rise in the first half of 2017 is deeply worrying.
"Countryside criminals are becoming more brazen and farmers are now having to continually increase security and adopt new ways of protecting their equipment.
"In some parts of the country, farmers are having to turn their farmyards into fortresses to protect themselves from repeated thieves who are targeting quads, tractors and power tools."
He added that partnerships between police, farmers and rural organisations had helped tackle rural crime.
NEW YORK (AP) — On any weekday morning, Miles Thornback is working on marketing campaigns for real estate agents or dealing with tricky tech issues at the office.
Thornback, who has cerebral palsy, got hired three years ago at the RE/MAX Prestige real estate agency in Costa Mesa, California, after the owners heard that he'd spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets.
Many small business owners are open to hiring or specifically recruit people who have disabilities, sometimes because they want to expand the opportunities for people with talent and skills but who can't find jobs. The unemployment rate for people with disabilities who want to be hired is 8 percent, more than twice the national average.
"I think a lot of people assume that if you're disabled, you can't work," says Thornback, 36, who uses a wheelchair.
While some jobs he applied for would have required him to do errands, which he couldn't have done, at many places he never got a clear explanation of why he wasn't considered. In his job, he coordinates with real estate agents and data providers to create postcards and letters that advertise properties for sale.
Jay O'Brien, an owner at the RE/MAX office, learned about Thornback through Goodwill Industries, which works with the Regional Center of Orange County, an organization that provides training and services for people with developmental disabilities.
O'Brien has been impressed with Thornback's technical abilities, as he's been able to resolve issues that confounded everyone else. O'Brien and his business partner, Sammer Mudawar, wanted to see Thornback flourish in his work.
"We didn't want it to be seen as a charity move," O'Brien says, such as, "'You can park your wheelchair here for two hours a day and we'll pay you and we can feel better about ourselves.'"
The kind of disability a person has can vary, and can be cognitive or physical. So employees may be capable of different types of work. They do face similar difficulties in the workplace that others don't.
Alyssa and Shawn Cox, who volunteer at a camp for children with Down syndrome, created a store greeter position at one of their three Clothes Mentor locations in North Carolina with the intention of hiring someone with the genetic chromosomal disorder.
They hired Julia Cirone in December. The 20-year-old who works three days a week began by welcoming customers and "aced that immediately," Alyssa Cox says.
Cirone has since started assisting shoppers, helping them pick out clothes. Sales haves increased since she began working at the store, the busiest of the three locations. While the Coxes would like to hire Cirone full time, she wants to do volunteer work the other two days.
There are plenty of people who want to be hired, an "untapped" talent pool, according to Joyce Bender, owner of Bender Consulting Services, a company that recruits workers with disabilities.
For businesses that are interested, Bender suggests resources including organizations that help people with disabilities, and state and local agencies including unemployment offices. Many universities have offices that provide services to students with disabilities, including job placement. Colleges, Bender noted, are a good resource for owners who want staffers with science, technology, engineering and mathematics skills.
Business owners do need to abide by federal and state laws if employees with disabilities need help balancing their work and their personal or medical needs. That can mean flexible work hours, time off for doctor appointments and desks that can be raised or lowered, says Anne Marie Estevez, an employment law attorney with Morgan Lewis in Miami.
Owners also need to get past some concerns, including what happens if a hire doesn't work out.
"Some employers feel, if I hire the person, I can never let them go even if they're doing a terrible job. That's not true," says Rebecca Shulman, senior program director at Jewish Vocational Service in East Orange, New Jersey. "The employer has the right to let them go."
Curtis Boyd had recruited a man with neurological problems to work at Future Solutions Media, a Los Angeles-based company that helps businesses handle negative online reviews. But the staffer was unable to sit in front of a computer for hours at a time, and had to leave the job.
Though it didn't work out in that case, Boyd said he would hire a job candidate with a disability again.
While many owners who recruit employees from nonprofit groups know what the person's disability is, they cannot under law ask for details, Estevez says.
When Steven Hollins hired a 16-year-old young man two years ago for his Chick-Fil-A franchise restaurant in Buena Park, California, he knew the new staffer would likely need some extra training, and would have a job coach to help as needed. Hollins left it at that.
The man started out by bringing food to customers at their tables and cleaning up after they left. Within a few months, the job coach left — the employee didn't need any help getting his work done. As time went on, the man sought and was given more responsibilities, and now helps with maintenance tasks.
"He's willing to stay late and learn," Hollins said. "That kind of attitude in our business goes a long way."
_____
Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg . Her work can be found here: https://apnews.com/search/joyce%20rosenberg
Getty Image
YG has apparently been paying attention to the news lately. TMZ is reporting that on Wednesday night, the Compton rapper he refused to exit his car when he was pulled over by police in Burbank, California during a traffic stop.
The “YNS” star, who is currently on tour with fellow Compton representative Kendrick Lamar to promote Kendrick's DAMN. album, was stopped by police due to his tinted windows. When asked for his license and registration, YG responded with a simple “no” and refused to get out of his vehicle when prompted to do so by officers. He stated that he was worried that he was afraid the police would hurt him should he exit.
As they do, police called for backup and after several more patrol cars arrived to the scene, YG relented, advising the officers that he did not have his license on him. He was cited for for having no ID, tinted windows and no license plates.
While YG is probably best known for dropping turn-up anthems like “Pop It, Shake It” and “Why You Always Hatin‘?” featuring Drake and Kamaiyah, he's been known to address social issues in his music as well. His most recent LP release, Still Brazy featured tracks such as “FDT” and “Police Get Away With Murder,” the latter probably being the main reason for his wariness to comply with officers.
17:49 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 15 killed in car bomb in Baghdad Shiite quater At least 15 were killed in Baghdad and an additional 50 were wounded as a result of a car bomb.
► ◄ Last Briefs
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) — President Trump's nominee to lead the Federal Highway Administration has withdrawn from consideration for the post, a surprising development given his widespread support and qualifications, the U.S. Department of Transportation confirmed Monday.
A DOT spokesperson said that Paul Trombino III was stepping away from the federal appointment for family reasons. Trombino told colleagues in an email Friday that he had decided to stay in Iowa to take care of his ailing father, whose condition has recently deteriorated.
Trump announced Trombino's nomination in September, and he received bipartisan support. The Senate Environment and Public Works Committee endorsed Trombino in October, with members calling the 51-year-old a talented administrator who would help rebuild the nation's highways. He had been awaiting a vote from the full chamber to lead the agency within the U.S. Department of Transportation, which that has a $44 billion annual highway aid budget and 3,000 employees.
Trombino was a favorite of road builders who successfully helped push for Iowa's 10-cent-per-gallon gas tax increase in 2015. The Wisconsin native had spent most of his career at the Wisconsin DOT as an engineer and administrator. Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad picked him to run the Iowa DOT in 2011 and he was considered a visionary leader fluent in everything from self-driving cars to shipping policy. Trombino served as president of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials for 2015-2016, a prestigious position in the field.
Trombino surprised Iowa officials when he announced plans to step down the day after the November 2016 presidential election, saying he wanted to look for jobs in the private sector. He soon became president of McClure Engineering Company, an Iowa-based firm.
He told employees in an email Friday that he intends to stay there, saying he looked forward to continuing to work with their "wonderful team."
"After many conversations with my family, we have decided that it is best that I withdraw from the nomination process," he wrote. "Iowa is my home and I need to be here for what likely will be the last two years or less of my father's life."
Premier Li Keqiang has promised China "will open even wider" to imports and investment and will fully open manufacturing industries to foreign competitors.
Li, the country's No. 2 leader, said Tuesday at a news conference that Beijing plans to eliminate import tariffs on drugs and reduce tariffs on other goods. He said the country will "fully open the manufacturing sector," with better protection for intellectual property.
Li said, "If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider."
Chinese leaders are under pressure to make their slowing, state-dominated economy more productive. They have promised to open more industries to private and foreign competition, but business groups complain they are moving too slowly.
By JEFF AMY and SARAH MEARHOFF
Associated Press
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) - Mississippi's governor signed the nation's most restrictive abortion law Monday - and was slapped with a lawsuit less than an hour later.
The law and responding challenge set up a confrontation sought by abortion opponents, who are hoping federal courts will ultimately prohibit abortions before a fetus is viable. Current federal law does not.
Some legal experts have said a change in the law is unlikely unless the makeup of the U.S. Supreme Court changes in a way that favors abortion opponents.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 , which bans most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation, on Monday in a closed ceremony attended by legislative supporters and abortion opponents.
"We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America and what better thing can we do?" Bryant said in a video his office posted on social media.
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Mississippi previously tied with North Carolina for the nation's strictest abortion limits at 20 weeks. Both states count pregnancy as beginning on the first day of a woman's previous menstrual period. That means the restrictions kick in about two weeks before those of states whose 20-week bans begin at conception.
"We'll probably be sued in about half an hour," Bryant said to laughter from supporters as he signed the bill. "That'll be fine with me. It'll be worth fighting over."
Bryant's prediction was accurate. The state's only abortion clinic and one of the physicians who practice there sued in federal court within an hour, arguing the law violates other federal court rulings saying a state can't restrict abortion before a child can survive on its own outside the womb.
The Jackson Women's Health Organization, in a lawsuit handled by the Center of Reproductive Rights, argued the measure is unconstitutional and should immediately be struck down.
"Under decades of United States Supreme Court precedent, the state of Mississippi cannot ban abortion prior to viability, regardless of what exceptions are provided to the ban," the suit states.
The suit says the clinic performed 78 abortions in 2017 when the fetus was identified as being 15 weeks or older. That's out of about 2,500 abortions performed statewide, mostly at the clinic.
"Politicians are not above the rule of law, and we are confident this dangerous bill will be struck down like every similar attempt before it," said Nancy Northup, president and CEO of the New York-based Center for Reproductive Rights.
"We certainly think this bill is unconstitutional," said Katherine Klein, equality advocacy coordinator for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi. "The 15-week marker has no bearing in science. It's just completely unfounded and a court has never upheld anything under the 20-week viability marker."
House Speaker Philip Gunn, who was present for Bryant's private signing ceremony, told The Associated Press he is proud Mississippi is taking steps to protect "the most vulnerable of human life:" the unborn.
"The winners (today) are those babies that are in the womb, first and foremost," Gunn said. "Those are the ones we're trying to protect."
Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves said in an email to the AP that HB 1510 is a major step toward accomplishing the state's goal to protect the lives of the unborn, adding that he is committed to making the state "the safest place in America for an unborn child."
When asked if the state is prepared to bear the cost of a lawsuit, Gunn said, "Absolutely."
"I don't know if you can put any value on human life," Gunn said. "We are all about fighting to protect the unborn. Whatever challenges we have to take on to do that, is something we're willing to do."
The bill was drafted with the assistance of conservative groups including the Mississippi Center for Public Policy and the Alliance Defending Freedom.
"We're thrilled that Mississippi lawmakers are taking a step to protect the basic right to life, as well as protecting maternal health," said Jameson Taylor, acting president of the Mississippi Center for Public Policy.
Both Republican-controlled chambers passed the bill overwhelmingly in early March, by a vote of 35-14 in the Senate and 76-34 in the House.
The U.S. Senate failed to pass a 20-week abortion ban bill in January. With 60 "yes" votes required to advance, the bill failed on a 51-46 vote.
___
Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/Jeff_Amy .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Mudslides and torrential flooding killed at least 200 people in and around Sierra Leone's capital early Monday following heavy rains, with many victims trapped in homes buried under tons of mud.
Survivors and volunteers dug through the mud and debris at times with their bare hands in a desperate search for missing relatives, and military personnel were deployed to help with the rescue operation in the West African nation.
Initial Red Cross estimates said as many as 3,000 people have been left homeless by the disaster, and the figure is expected to rise. Communications and electricity also have been affected.
The mortuary at Connaught Hospital was overwhelmed by the number of dead, and bodies had to be spread out on the floor, said coroner's technician Sinneh Kamara.
At least 200 bodies had been brought to the facility already, and that toll did not include the untold numbers buried alive in their homes as they slept. More bodies also were expected to be found as floodwaters receded.
In an interview with the Sierra Leone National Broadcasting Corp., Kamara urged the health department to deploy more ambulances to bolster the four belonging to the hospital.
The broadcaster interrupted regular programming to show scenes of people trying to retrieve the bodies of relatives, and some were shown carrying the dead to the morgue in rice sacks.
The president's office released a statement encouraging people to relocate to safer parts of Freetown and sign up at registration centers. The office made no mention of the death toll.
"The government is fully seized of the situation and in collaboration with our development partners, is undertaking a coordinated response to provide emergency services to our affected compatriots," it said.
One particularly hard-hit area was the suburb of Regent, located east of Freetown.
"The mudslide swept down from the hills on the outskirts of Freetown early this morning and spared nothing in its path," said Sasha Ekanayake, the Sierra Leone director for the charity Save the Children. "Houses are buried and entire families are missing, including children."
Homes were destroyed by the flooding, while others were inundated by the floods, leaving many without shelter, Ekanayake said, adding that some children have been separated from their families.
"In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud," said Abdul Nasir, program coordinator for the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.
He said Red Cross volunteers have been digging with their bare hands and whatever tools available to search for survivors.
"They are also caring for and helping family members who are desperately waiting for news of their loved ones," Nasir said.
Many of the impoverished areas of Sierra Leone's capital are close to sea level and have poor drainage systems, exacerbating flooding during the rainy season.
Freetown also is plagued by unregulated building of large residential houses in hilltop areas.
Deforestation for firewood and charcoal is one of the leading factors of worsening flooding and mudslides. Freetown's drainage channels also are often clogged because of garbage dumping due to insufficient sanitation services in many areas.
Getty Image
The Boston Celtics took a commanding 3-2 series lead over the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday evening, outlasting the visitors behind a big night from Al Horford and the energy provided by the return of Marcus Smart. While Boston may have triumphed regardless, there was a bit of officiating controversy during the stretch run, as the Celtics appeared to commit a shot clock violation with 1:18 remaining and the game still very much in doubt.
Celtics get away with a shot clock violation in crunch time pic.twitter.com/lbZO5dAsNa — The Render (@TheRenderNBA) April 25, 2018
While the live action can often paint a difficult picture to decipher, a still shot is revealing and it was clear that the Bucks (and their fan base) had a legitimate gripe.
The St. Helena Parish School District reported the electricity went out at St. Helena College & Career Academy in Greensburg for at least an hour Friday.
The district reported students at SHCCA sheltered in place during the outage, which ended before 12:30 p.m.
Officials said the surrounding area was also without power.
They added phone lines and internet services were down at St. Helena Early Learning Center and St. Helena Arts and Technology Academy.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
At churches, fairgrounds and other makeshift shelters, thousands of Californians packed what belongings they had into garbage bags and suitcases to return home Tuesday, two days after they were told to flee the threat of massive flooding from a dam's damaged spillway.
They expressed relief as authorities lifted an evacuation order for nearly 200,000 residents who live below the nation's tallest dam. Some voiced frustration at how authorities handled the disaster that never happened. Most were just happy to be heading home.
"You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you," said Oroville resident Margaret Johnston, 69, one of hundreds who had sought shelter at the Neighborhood Church of Chico, northwest of her town.
Johnston and others huddled around televisions to watch a live broadcast where Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said the risk of the spillway collapsing was significantly reduced. But he said the region would remain under an evacuation warning, meaning residents needed to be ready to flee again if conditions worsen.
"It was just frustrating. Very frustrating," Johnston said about the back-and-forth from officials and the mad rush to get out of Oroville after the evacuation order Sunday.
She fled with her two sons, packing a few blankets, pillows and clothes into a black garbage bag.
"It feels great to be going home," Johnston said.
State water officials said they had drained enough of the lake behind Oroville Dam so that its earthen emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from an approaching storm.
"It's great, all of us can finally go home," said Pedro Mota of Gridley, who has been staying at a Red Cross shelter at a fairground in Chico with his wife and four young children. He wasn't concerned by the on-again, off-again evacuation.
"They're doing their job. They're going to know more than me," he said by telephone. "I'm just going to listen to them and follow their advice on it."
Mota said he would be prepared if the sirens sound again.
"I'm still going to play it by ear, head back home but still have things packed and ready to go just in case they make it mandatory," he said.
Rod Remocal and his wife, Kelly, were taking the same cautious approach.
"This time we're going to be on call like they said," said Remocal, who lives in Biggs, west of Oroville.
When the couple left in a rush Sunday night, they grabbed their four dogs, blankets and a few important papers as sirens sounded and a fire truck's loud speaker told them to flee immediately.
"We're all coming back and pack and be ready this time," he said by telephone after leaving the Red Cross shelter earlier in the day.
On his drive back, Remocal noticed law enforcement stationed at every major intersection as officers prepared to guide the expected parade of vehicles back home. He said traffic was flowing smoothly, in sharp contrast with the chaotic mass flight of thousands of vehicles two days earlier.
He praised the Red Cross and other emergency workers and said he was happy when the evacuation order ended.
"It just took a big load off me, man, just the thrill of relief," he said.
———
Thompson reported from Sacramento. Associated Press writer Jocelyn Gecker contributed from San Francisco.
OTTAWA-- The Canadian Trucking Alliance (CTA) is applauding Transport Canada's posting in Gazette II of the mandatory introduction of electronic stability control (ESC) on commercial vehicles.
The objective of this rule is to reduce the occurrence of rollover and loss-of-control crashes by introducing a new safety standard that mandates electronic stability control (ESC) systems on truck tractors and buses with a gross vehicle weight rating greater than 11,793 kg (26,000 lbs). These requirements are aligned with those of the United States.
Rollover and loss-of-control crashes involving heavy vehicles are serious safety issues. It is estimated there are on average about 660 truck rollover incidents in Canada every year. While this represents less than 5% of all truck accidents, when a rollover does occur the resulting impact can be costly in terms of injuries to both motorists and truck drivers, as well as traffic tie-ups and lost productivity and efficiency.
“Roll stability systems help protect against loss of control accidents by automatically intervening by reducing engine torque and engaging the engine retarder, while automatically applying drive axle and trailer brakes. The activation takes place before the driver is aware of the need,” said CTA's Geoff Wood,
The ESC requirements will be phased in for heavy trucks, starting first with three-axle truck tractors, effective August 1, 2017 for vehicles manufactured in the U.S. ,and effective six months from today's date (Dec.14, 2017) for tractors in Canada. All remaining tractor types, manufactured after Aug. 1, 2019, must come equipped with ESC.
Vehicles manufactured prior to the coming-into-force date need not be equipped with ESC.
For full details of Transport Canada's new rule, click here.
President Donald Trump condemned hate groups including white supremacists in remarks from the White House Monday, two days after a car drove into a crowd of people in the midst of violent clashes over a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia."Racism is evil," said Trump. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the (Ku Klux Klan), neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."Trump received bipartisan criticism over the weekend for his immediate response to the violence in Charlottesville, which did not label the incident as an act of terrorism, nor include a denunciation of white supremacy. During remarks addressing the rally and subsequent clashes from his golf club in New Jersey, the president condemned the "egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides."A White House official later elaborated on Trump's comments, indicating that the president was opposed to the "hatred, bigotry and violence from all sources and all sides" and noting that "there was violence between protesters and counter-protesters."On Monday morning, Attorney General Jeff Sessions defended Trump's response, telling ABC News that "he explicitly condemned the kind of ideology behind these movements of Naziism, white supremacy, the (Ku Klux Klan).""That is his unequivocal position," said Sessions.The attorney general further said Monday that the attack met "the definition of domestic terrorism." On Saturday night, Sessions announced that the Department of Justice was opening a federal investigation into the incident.for more stories, photos, and video on President Donald Trump.
It was supposed to be almost done by now, but the sprawling construction project along San Francisco's Van Ness corridor just hit another 5-month delay."Van Ness is a very old street," explained San Francisco transportation director Ed Reiskin. "Unfortunately, we're finding a lot of things we didn't know were there. And when we do find things, we have to stop."In this case, Reiskin said workers uncovered utility lines. No one knows who they belong to, or if they're still being used."We don't know if it's safe to remove them, we don't know if there's live gas or live electric," Reiskin said.It means workers have to dig around the utility lines by hand -- which takes more time. And that doesn't sit well with merchants who've already suffered a loss of customers."As soon as they closed down the streets on Van Ness, our business dropped," said Eddie Martin, general manager of lunchtime staple Tommy's Joynt. "The biggest complaint people said is they can't park here. They love Tommy's Joynt, they want to come, they want to come more often, but they don't do it anymore."Patience is even running thin in a spot you wouldn't expect: another construction site. It turns out all the digging has been a major headache for the crew working to build a new hospital at Van Ness and Geary.'We get a delivery, we can't accept or get our deliveries," said sheet metal worker David Ysaguirre.He's hardly thrilled the city now says the work will continue until the fall of 2020.Reiskin said the city is working with businesses to soften the impact."It'll be a much more pleasant and safer environment for everybody, and people who are on transit will get up and down the corridor much, much faster," when the project is complete, Reiskin said.In short, the city promises the new Van Ness will be worth the wait.
Faviola Dadis is the latest of several women to accuse the action star of sexual misconduct.
A woman has said Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her at a supposed casting session at a Beverly Hills room when she was a 17-year-old model and aspiring actress.
Faviola Dadis was emotional but composed as she spoke at a news conference in Los Angeles, becoming the latest of several women to accuse the action star of sexual misconduct.
Ms Dadis said Seagal reached under her bikini top, grabbed her nipples and then grabbed her genitals soon after the 2002 audition began. She said she promptly ended the audition and left deeply shaken.
“I have suffered from depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress, have found it difficult to form trusting relationships with men,” she said through tears as she read from a written statement.
View photos Faviola Dadis, left, reads from a statement at a news conference (Andrew Dalton/AP) More
She recently filed a report with police, and Los Angeles prosecutors said her case is under review.
Ms Dadis, now a 33-year-old doctoral candidate in clinical neuroscience, said she had recently moved to the US from the Netherlands when a music producer introduced her to Seagal.
After several phone calls and text messages, he invited her to a hotel room in Beverly Hills for the late-night casting session for a film he planned to make about Genghis Khan, Ms Dadis said.
She took a family friend because her mother was suspicious, but the person stayed in the lobby and she ended up in a room with only Seagal and his personal security guard.
Seagal had told her to wear a bikini or bra and panties under her clothes, and had her walk around the room in the bikini before saying he wanted to test their chemistry together and started touching her, Ms Dadis said.
“Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience,” she said. “I left feeling horrified and totally violated.”
She said she told friends after about a month, but did not go to authorities at the time because she feared being blacklisted in the entertainment industry. She said Seagal later called her, but she never accepted the calls.
View photos Jenny McCarthy says Seagal sexually harassed her at an audition in 1995 (PA) More
Ms Dadis said she was inspired by the recent wave of reports of sexual misconduct by men in the entertainment industry, and was spurred to come forward especially by actress Portia de Rossi saying Seagal once unzipped his trousers during an audition with her.
Ms Dadis spoke at the news conference alongside her lawyer, Lisa Bloom, and another woman, Regina Simons, who said Seagal sexually assaulted her in 1995 when she was 18, allegations she previously made on NBC in January.
Big Spring's longtime Community Services Director, Debbie Wegman, is retiring next month.
Wegman, who announced her retirement at Tuesday's Big Spring City Council meeting, has worked to improve Big Spring's image and quality of life for 13 years.
"I started out as the CVB coordinator and then I moved into the director's position – they created the new department, Community Services Department, five years ago. We brought the facility scheduling under this department. Expanded it a little."
Wegman's last day is June 12, she said. What will she do with all her free time?
"My standard answer to that is, 'What I want, when I want,'" she quipped. "I'll still be active in the community, you know. Be on boards and Rotary and do all the things I do outside my job anyway, so I won't just disappear. I'll be around."
The city job was Wegman's second career; she worked for the Health and Human Services Department of the State of Texas for 26 years, she said.
For the full story, please see Sunday's edition of the Herald.
Lok Sabha by-elections result 2018 LIVE UPDATES: Four Lok Sabha seats including Kairana in Uttar Pradesh and 10 assembly constituencies went to polls on May 28 with both the Congress and BJP looking to assert their position in the run-up to the Lok Sabha elections in 2019. In addition to Kairana, Lok Sabha by-elections were held in Palghar and Bhandara-Gondiya in Maharashtra and the lone seat in Nagaland.
The outcome of Kairana, Palghar, Bhandara-Gondiya, and the lone seat in Nagaland today will be crucial for both the Congress and BJP | Image for pictorial representation |
The outcome of Kairana, Palghar, Bhandara-Gondiya, and the lone seat in Nagaland today will be crucial for both the Congress and BJP. The results will show whether BJP is able to break its losing streak this year or hand another victory to the opposition.
The by-election in Kairana is politically crucial against the backdrop of the BJP's shocking defeat in recent bypolls in Gorakhpur and Phulpur. The seat fell vacant after BJP leader Hukum Singh died in February. Now, his daughter Mirganka Singh was party's candidate for the bypoll.
Kairana hit the headline when late BJP MP alleged that more than 200 Hindu families had fled the region following pressure from another community.
BJP candidate is against Rashtriya Lok Dal's Tabassum Hasan, who is supported by Congress, Samajwadi party, and the Bahujan Samaj Party. RLD supporter Abdul Hakeem Khan said he had never seen an election in which a combined opposition has challenged the ruling party. “This is the beauty of our democracy,” he said.
The by-election for Maharashtra's Palghar seat is up for a multi-cornered contest between BJP's Rajendra Gavit, Shiv Sena's Shriniwas Wanaga, and Congress' Damodar Singhda. Palghar by-election was necessitated following the death of sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanaga in January 2018.
In Bhandara-Gondiya, the BJP is taking on Nationalist Congress Party following the resignation of BJP's Nana Patole, who quit the party as well. BJP has fielded Hemant Patle while the NCP has nominated Madhukar Kukde.
In the eastern region, the by-election was held in the only Lok Sabha constituency of Nagaland. The bypoll was necessitated after the Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party (NDPP) leader Neiphiu Rio, now CM of the state, resigned as a Lok Sabha member in February.
The elections on 10 Assembly seats, including Shahkot (Punjab), Tharali (Uttarakhand) Ampati (Meghalaya) Chengannur (Kerala) Jokihat (Bihar) Gomia (Jharkhand), Silli (Jharkhand) Maheshtala (West Bengal), Noorpur (Uttar Pradesh) Palus Kadegaon (Maharashtra) and RR Nagar (Karnataka), were held on May 22.
HERE ARE THE BY-ELECTION RESULT 2018 LIVE UPDATES :
10:5 am- NCP's Madhukar Kukde leads over BJP's Hemant Patle by 3100 votes
NCP leading from Maharashtra's Bhandara-Gondiya by 3100 votes, BJP second. #Maharashtra — ANI (@ANI) May 31, 2018
9:48 am- BJP's Gavit Rajendra Dhedya leading from Palghar Lok Sabha seat by over 6000 votes
BJP's Gavit Rajendra Dhedya leading from Palghar Lok Sabha seat by over 6000 votes #Maharashtra — ANI (@ANI) May 31, 2018
9:45 am-
#Jharkhand: Counting underway for Gomia & Silli Assembly constituencies, visuals from a counting centre in Gomia. All Jharkhand Students Union's Sudesh Mahto leading from Silli Assembly constituency, BJP leading from Gomia. pic.twitter.com/nuE7hZqdEb — ANI (@ANI) May 31, 2018
9:35 am- RLD's Tabassum Hasan leads in Kairana by 3000 votes over BJP's Mriganka Singh
#Kairana Lok Sabha by-boll: RLD's Tabassum Hasan leading by over 3000 votes over BJP's Mriganka Singh. — ANI UP (@ANINewsUP) May 31, 2018
9:25 am- RLD candidate Tabassum Hasan has received 3700 votes and BJP's Mriganka Singh has received 3746 votes: Indra Vijay Singh, Collector, Shamli
First round of counting is completed, tabulation is underway, RLD candidate Tabassum Hasan has received 3700 votes and BJP's Mriganka Singh has received 3746 votes: Indra Vijay Singh, Collector, Shamli on #KairanaByPolls pic.twitter.com/c4yoDcCQKU — ANI UP (@ANINewsUP) May 31, 2018
8:58 am- BJP leads in Kairana Lok Sabha seat in UP and Bhandara-Gondiya in Maharashtra in early trends, counting underway
8: 56 am- Congress' Laddi Sherowalia leading in first round of counting for Shahkot assembly bypoll
Punjab: Congress candidate Laddi Sherowalia leading by around 2000 votes in first round of counting for Shahkot assembly-by poll — ANI (@ANI) May 31, 2018
8:47 am- Samajwadi Party's candidate leading in Noorpur Assembly constituency, counting underway
Samajwadi Party is leading from #Noorpur Assembly constituency in early trends. — ANI UP (@ANINewsUP) May 31, 2018
8:35 am- Congress' Vishwajeet Patagrao Kadam elected unopposed from Palus Kadegaon Assembly constituency
8:30 am- Visuals from a counting centre in Palghar, counting of votes for the Lok Sabha by-poll has begun.
#Maharashtra: Visuals from a counting centre in Palghar, counting of votes for the Lok Sabha by-poll has begun. pic.twitter.com/4swJkmlaCj — ANI (@ANI) May 31, 2018
8:12 am- Counting of votes for 11 Assembly seats (including 10 by-polls) & 4 Lok Sabha constituencies across 11 states begins.
Counting of votes for 11 Assembly seats (including 10 by-polls) & 4 Lok Sabha constituencies across 11 states begins. pic.twitter.com/LCefTjszNR — ANI (@ANI) May 31, 2018
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
A suicide prevention advocacy group is speaking out about the new Netflix original series, "13 Reasons Why," saying that the teen drama -- centered around a high school student who kills herself -- does "more harm than any good."
The show, based on a young adult novel of the same name and co-produced by Selena Gomez, revolves around 17-year-old Hannah Baker, who takes her own life but leaves behind audio recordings for thirteen people who she says were part of the reason that she killed herself.
"There is a great concern that I have ... that young people are going to over-identify with Hannah in the series, and we actually may see more suicides as a result of this television series," Dan Reidenberg, the executive director for Suicide Awareness Voices of Education (SAVE), a non-profit group with the mission of suicide prevention, told ABC News.
"I've heard from others that are really concerned because its so sensational and so graphic that they're worried about the copy-cat effect of suicide," Reidenberg added.
Suicide is the second leading cause of death among those aged 15 to 34, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
"The way things are portrayed in the media does have an effect on the way suicides can happen, this is particularly true for young people that are very vulnerable and at risk of suicide," Reidenberg said. "When they're exposed to images that are really graphic, really sensational, and there is nothing balancing out for them ... that they can get help, and that treatment works, and recovery is possible ... we see them actually replaying what they've seen."
"The show actually doesn't present a viable alternative to suicide, the show doesn't talk about mental illness or depression, doesn't name those words," he added. "My thoughts about the series are that its probably done more harm than any good."
SAVE partnered with another suicide prevention group, the Jed Foundation, to create a list of tips for viewing "13 Reasons Why," and talking points for parents and teachers who are discussing the topic of suicide with young people.
Child psychologist Janet Taylor said she applauds Gomez for addressing mental health issues on the show.
"I think we don't talk enough when things aren't going well," Taylor said on ABC's "Good Morning America." "I had one patient say, 'I have to be perfect because I'm so flawed.' Where did she get that?
“We have to break the silence, talk to our parents, talk to counselors,” she added. “If you have a family history of mental illness, be aware of it, talk to your children. If your child makes a threat about wanting to hurt themselves, take it seriously.”
Producers for the show said they actually hope the series can help those who may be struggling with thoughts of suicide.
"We wanted to do it in a way where it was honest, and we wanted to make something that can hopefully help people, because suicide should never, ever, be an option," Selena Gomez said in "Beyond the Reasons," a video released by Netflix to accompanying the series.
Co-producer Brian Yorkey added that they "worked very hard not to be gratuitous, but we did want it to be painful to watch, because we wanted it to be very clear that there is nothing, in any way, worthwhile about suicide."
Jay Asher, the author of the book "13 Reasons Why," added that "suicide is an uncomfortable thing to talk about, but it happens, and so we have to talk about it."
"It's dangerous not to talk about it, because there is always room for help," Asher said in "Beyond the Reasons."
The producing team adds that they consulted mental health professionals extensively in the making of the series, and provide suicide prevention resources and information on crisis hotlines in more than 35 countries on the website 13reasonswhy.info.
Daniel Feinberg, a television critic for the Hollywood Reporter told ABC News that the show definitely "demands conversation."
"The show is about how if we don't treat each other better, if we don't have conversations, if we don't communicate, horrible things happen," Feinberg said. "People end up feeling alone, and people end up feeling hurt, and then when people feel alone and hurt that's when they do things like this."
Capt. John Curry
Probably one of the single most significant factors that will separate a great fishing day from a wasted boat ride is the moon phase. I understand for some of us the best day to go fishing is when you can squeeze in a time between our busy schedules. I get it, as the old bumper sticker reads, “a bad day fishing beats a great day at work anytime”. However, if you have the ability to pick and choose when you can hit the water, pay close attention to the moon phases. Here are a few tips to help you make better decisions when planning that much-needed fishing trip. Of course, if you're booking a charter, ask your guide what phase the moon will be in and if he or she doesn't know, that may tell you a little bit about how they operate.
Not all Species are Affected the Same
What I mean is, for some species a full moon may be better than a new moon or vise versa depending on where you're chasing them. Here's an example; in Southwest Florida where I guide in the winter, the full moon normally brings higher than normal night tides and lower than normal morning tides. So, with that we have the following;
Snook will feed all night on the “hill tide” and rest all day.
So, if it's Snook your after go at night if you can. This also holds true for Redfish and most near shore reef species like Snapper and Grouper. Up on Cape Cod where I guide all summer this also holds true for our prized Striped Bass. The nighttime “eel dunkers” will slam the fish and the next morning is usually slow at best. Also, if it's squid you're after, nothing beats a bright full moon around June in the Northeast.
Know what Forage Species are Affected by the Moon Phase
Down on Charlotte Harbor each spring, the Tarpon show up just in time for the Pass-Crab spawn. These crabs will spawn on the incoming tides during the new and full moon phases. These again are called “hill tides” on Charlotte Harbor, and when the tide starts to turn out thousands if not millions of crabs wash out to Boca Grande pass and into the jaws of giant Tarpon. April, 26th is the first new moon phase that may kick off the Tarpon season this year.
Safety first! The Moon Phase and Tides will Mess you Up!
As I write this piece we just came off the full moon and I noticed a Sailboat on its side by Skip's Placida Marina. Apparently the skipper didn't know there's an Oyster Bar (not the kind we like) right off the fuel dock and is normally around 2 feet under the surface at mid-tide. My Point is, the tides will be much lower especially like last night with a Lunar Equinox. Please exercise caution when moving from spot to spot. Watch your charts and remember what goes up must come down. So, if you're exploring new spots that have more water than ever, remember when that tide turns there's gonna be much less water than ever before. Better hope you have some bug dope and water with ya if you ain't paying attention.
Capt. John Curry
Capefishing.net
508-209-7741
Amid a widening rivalry between the Taliban and the Islamic State in Afghanistan, the Taliban said it had captured five IS militants in the northern province of Jawzjan, police said on Thursday.
“A five-member delegation of IS group under Sayed Jalal was visiting Darzab district to organize its fighters when the Taliban militants on the way back captured them,” Xinhua news agency quoted the police as saying.
Neither the Taliban nor the IS commented on the report.
Both the Taliban and Islamic State fighters have been trying in Darzab district and adjoining areas to expand their influence.
It's Fargo season.
In the midst of squirting models with Hennessy-filled super soakers, and dropping a pretty penny at prejudice luxury department stores, Tory Lanez has been working on his sophomore album.
The “Luv” singer took to Twitter to notify his fans that his second album is “90% done”
Second album 90% done … — Tory Lanez #SWAVEY (@torylanez) June 14, 2017
Perhaps we can anticipate a Drake collaboration on this project since the beef is dead.
Braden Pearson blasted an out-of-the-park home run in the top of the third inning to help the Bulldogs retake the lead, however, the Golden Cranes came back in the fourth to end the match 9-all Saturday night.
Pearson went 1 for 3 at the plate, had 3 RBIs, and 2 runs for the game. Bulldogs pitcher Zach Holmes went 2 for 2 at bat and had 3 runs.
Coahoma jumped out into the lead in the first inning bringing in 2 runs, one from a sacrifice fly ball to center field by Logan Franklin and the other came from a line drive single by Zack Schneider.
The Bulldogs extended the score by 5 runs in the second inning led by Logan Franklin, Pearson, Landon Grant, and Z. Schneider, who all raked in RBIs. Overall, Franklin, Grant, and Z. Schneider had 2 RBIs a piece for the match. At their next at-bat, the Golden Cranes answered back earning 7 runs and then another 2 in the fourth to end the match with the tie.
For full coverage and stats of these games, please see Monday's paper.
Half the time Hilda Dixon doesn't recognise her own granddaughter, or even her daughter.
For related stories click here /tucking-into-a-curry-can-fight-dementia and /county-research-team-discover-new-alzheimer-s-drug-1-8934683 and /dementia-the-cruel-disease-that-will-leave-you-bereaved-twice-1-8710561
She talks to the TV, won't eat her food and thinks children are hiding in her loft.
Nicola Wilson (left) with her friend Danielle Brown, who helped her organise the charity event
Whilst the 83-year-old from Fulwood isn't aware of her behaviour, her family can only watch on in despair as their loved one fades into a figure they hardly recognise through dementia.
Her granddaughter Nicola Wilson is her carer and admits she finds the task hard.
The 25-year-old says: “It is really difficult being her carer. My grandma is very stubborn and strong willed. Since her husband, Kenneth, died more than 30 years ago, she has been very independent, bringing up two children and providing for them.
“So it is difficult for her to now depend on other people.
Hilda Dixon
“Grandma was diagnosed four years ago and over the last 18 months she has needed round-the-clock care. She is like a completely different person now and you can't reason with her.
“I find it difficult to get her to eat, as she says she has already eaten or isn't hungry.
“She can't put her seat belt on in the car and she needs assistance.
“She never used to raise her voice but now she gets really angry. She doesn't have social ability any more, as she talks over people.
“She talks to the TV, as if she is in the programme. Once she was watching something scary and she was behaving like it was in the room and we had to switch the TV off. Another time she tried to speak to Ant and Dec on I'm a Celebrity, but she can't ever remember any of this.
“She thinks children are in her attic. I think this was from when she was younger and there were no walls dividing attics in terraced houses. She won't leave her toothbrush in the bathroom because she thinks the children will steal it, so she hides it in her handbag.
“As a child, there was a little boy living next door and he used to steal things, so she accuses her next door neighbour of stealing things when she can't find them.”
But one of the hardest things Nicola experiences is when she doesn't recognise her or her mum.
She adds: “Grandma says she is not my mum's mum and that they are just friends. She only thinks she has one son, which is my uncle.
“She doesn't recognise me and can't get her head around the fact we are related.
“It is heartbreaking to see. But it is even more upsetting for my mum. It is such a brutal disease.”
Nicola is now organising a gift fair fund-raiser this weekend in aid of Alzheimer's Society to help raise awareness of dementia.
She adds: “A lot of people I speak to think dementia is just a memory loss disease. But they don't realise it changes a person's life and their personality. “It is like they go back to being a baby.
“There needs to be more research on it and more support.”
Nicola has been given support by Alzheimer's Society and has learnt a lot by going on a course at Derby House in Fulwood.
She adds: “I learnt so much there. They described dementia and Alzheimer's as being like a bookshelf and the illness rocks it.
“The shelves at the bottom are your childhood memories and the shelves work up in chronology, with the top things being the newest memories.
“As the shelf rocks, the top memories are the first to go and so that is why people with dementia forget their relatives.
“I was taught different tactics of how to deal with things and how whilst there are different forms, there are a lot of things in common.
“One example is the refusal to eat and we were old about using a red plate because it helps them see the food more clearly and recognise how much is on their plate.
“I also learnt about what benefits I would be entitled to as a carer and what benefits my grandma could have.”
Nicola is hoping to take what she has learnt and pass to others as part of her charity awareness event on Saturday February 10 at the Ancient Oak pub, in Merrytrees Lane, Cottam. The event runs from 11am until 4pm. Entry is £1.
She adds: “I am holding a gift fair with a Valentine's theme. There will be stalls such as The Body Shop, Ann Summers, and sweet stuff and we will have a raffle.
“All money will go towards Alzheimer's Society. I also want to raise awareness of the disease. I have been sent some leaflets to give out and I will be handing out contact details for support which I found really useful.”
Useful numbers
Lancashire Care NHS Memory Assessment Service, Cottage Lane, Bamber Bridge 01772 401621
Alzheimer's Society, Lytham Road, Fulwood 788700
Central Lancashire Memory Service, Charnley Fold, Bamber Bridge 01772 401621
Retelling an epic needs funding of epic proportions. And a new movie that is in the pipeline is receiving nothing short of that.
VA Shrikumar Menon's ‘The Mahabharata' will be made on a budget of a whopping Rs 1000 crore, all of which will be pumped in by UAE-based Indian billionaire BR Shetty.
The movie is set to begin shooting in September 2018 and will be released in 2020, with its sequel following 90 days after the first part is out in theatres. The script of ‘The Mahabharata' will be based on an adaptation of M T Vasudevan Nair's novel Randamoozham (The Second Turn), which narrates ‘The Mahabharata' through the eyes of Bhima, the second of the Pandavas.
The title role that of Bhima will be played by actor Mohanlal, who has also expressed his interest in the project.
The multilingual film will be shot in English, Hindi, Malayalam, Tamil and Telugu. Shrikumar Menon, who has been researching for this project for the past few years, announced: “We are fully geared to attain the next level of production quality and visual magic, as well as narrative wizardry with this initiative.”
With the jaw-dropping figures involved, the movie certainly sets the standards high for itself. This story is trending on Facebook with tens of
thousands of people talking about it.
by Shane Goebel
Lake Blue Ridge plays host to some of North Georgia's best smallmouth fishing. June is a great month to hit the water. Currently, Lake Blue Ridge is 3 feet below full pool. Water temperatures are in the mid 70's. Water clarity is clear in the main lake and stained in the creeks and rivers.
We are still catching a lot of smallmouth and spotted bass all over the lake, with the majority of our smallmouth being caught in the Toccoa River area. We are still pulling planer boards with live blueback herring early. It's also a great idea to set out a couple of freelines 100 to 120 feet behind the boat. When the sun really comes up in the mid-morning hours, we'll switch to downlining live blueback herring. Most of our fish have been caught in the 15 to 25-foot range. This really seems to be the best technique for the larger smallmouth. Look for large schools of smallmouths in the Toccoa River and Star Creek area. Live bait seems to be the key out here lately, but a jigging spoon and shaky head can't be ruled out. Towards the end of this month these spotted bass will really start to school up and feed strong. When they start busting on the surface they will hit just about anything you can throw at them.
In June the walleye will start to heading for deeper water. Look for these guys to be suspended off rocky points and on steep ledges throughout the lake. You can also find some stray wanderers on shallow humps. Downlining live bluebcks will work the best to target these guys. You can even bounce a few nightcrawlers 6 to 12 inches from the bottom. Also trolling crankbaits and jerkbaits will get you hooked up. When I decide to pull artificial baits, I always go to my Yo-Zuri Deep Diver, Shad Raps or Smithwick deep divers. Just remember to make some good S-turns and keep your speeds around 2 to 3 mph.
June is a fantastic month for catching some very big fish on this lake. Give Big Ol' Fish Guiding Service a call and let the area's #1 guide service put you on some of Lake Blue Ridge's best trophy fish. And, for all your live bait and tackle needs, go check out Hughes General Store in Blairsville, GA. They carry everything you need for a successful day of fishing. Now bundle up, hit the water, and go “get your fish on”! Good luck!
Kevin Andrews, right, and one of his cycling buddies - Kevin Andrews/Twitter
An Australian MP who opposes same-sex marriage has spoken out ahead of the vote, arguing that if he doesn't need to marry his cycling friends, people of the same sex don't need to marry each other.
Kevin Andrews, the Liberal MP for Menzies, has drawn criticism for his views after making the bizarre comparison.
The long-time opponent of same-sex marriage and "natural family man of the year" made the comments on Sky News.
.@kevinandrewsmp: I have a relationship with my cycling mates, but the law has no place in that relationship https://t.co/3nKBUCzjYSpic.twitter.com/KusSCp7232 — Sky News Australia (@SkyNewsAust) August 14, 2017
Mr Andrews, who is a keen cyclist, said: "Yes, there are all kinds of affectionate relationships ... I have an affectionate relationship with my cycling mates who we go (sic) cycling on the weekends, but that's not marriage. Why doesn't the law have a place in this sort of relationships?
"It doesn't because the law has a place traditionally, historically, across cultures and civilisations because it is there about the protection of the vulnerable and it shouldn't go beyond that."
KEVIN ANDREWS:
I really like cycling!
OTHER CYCLIST:
Me too!
KEVIN ANDREWS:
Oh my god did you just propose?
— Colley (@JamColley) August 14, 2017
He then insisted that he was not saying his cycling relationships were the same as the loving and sexual relationships between his own Liberal colleagues and their same-sex partners, but continued to make the analogy.
"I have commitments to friends, and affectionate relationships with friends as well."
"Tim Wilson's partner isn't his friend," pointed out Sky News presenter Samantha Maiden.
"I have a relationship with my mates who I go cycling with on the weekend but I'm not married to them" Kevin Andrews. Sure mate #auspolpic.twitter.com/sZ4RrWINhK — Seano��️‍�� (@SeanBradbery) August 14, 2017
"I hope he is his friend, as well as his partner, if you understand what I'm saying," Andrews replied.
He has been widely criticised for his statements.
I often go cycling with male friends on the weekend. Good job I'm not allowed to marry them or I would. Hi, I'm Kevin Andrews — Mark Travers (@mark_travers) August 13, 2017
One Twitter user wrote: It is categorically insane that we have to explain we're fighting to be recognised while Kevin Andrews equates us to 'cycling buddies'!.
Another wrote: "Kevin Andrews today restated his views on marriage. He said marriage should only take place between two consenting cycling partners."
Kevin Andrews thinks that gay couples are just 'affectionate' friends. This is just offensive. https://t.co/DnhAJaMveg — Chris Steel (@ChrisSteelMLA) August 14, 2017
And another pointed out: "Even if you're 100% opposed to same-sex marriage, wouldn't you realise this kind of flippancy would be offensive to friends and colleagues?!"
Marriage equality has been a polarising issue in Australian politics for more than a decade, despite the majority of the population supporting same-sex marriage rights.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A government watchdog is urging the Education Department to resume the process of forgiving student loans for tens of thousands Americans who were defrauded by for-profit colleges.
In a report published Monday, the Office of Inspector General, an independent body within the education agency, recommends that the department restart "review, approval, and discharge process" for defrauded students.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has come under criticism for stalling the review of over 95,000 claims for loan cancellations. The agency has not approved a single claim during her time in office and DeVos' critics charge that she is looking out for industry interests.
The AP reported in October that the department is considering abandoning the Obama-era practice of full loan forgiveness in favor of partial relief.
The department did not immediately comment.
Environment Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt declined an offer from the White House to help him prepare for what could be a marathon day of testimony before Congress Thursday, electing instead to prepare with a team of the loyal advisors he brought to Washington from Oklahoma, sources tell ABC News.Pruitt's congressional appearances this week could mark the second formal time the Oklahoma native will be confronted with pointed questions about recent reports regarding ethics concerns. Three weeks ago he appeared on Fox News against advice from White House media specialists, the sources said.During that interview, Pruitt appeared to be on the defensive over a range of issues, including when he was asked about ABC News reports that he rented a $50-a-night condo from the wife of a top Washington lobbyist. "Is draining the swamp renting an apartment from the wife of a Washington lobbyist?" Fox News correspondent Ed Henry asked."I don't think that that's even remotely fair to ask that question," Pruitt responded.The EPA did not respond to a request for comment on Pruitt's preparations for this week's hearing.Pruitt has been the focus of a raft of media reports over the past several weeks. Those reports described efforts to secure raises for several of his top aides, despite objections from the White House; costly travel expenses and questionable changes to his office, all done under the guise of boosting security for Pruitt.But sources familiar with Pruitt's prep sessions for two congressional hearings scheduled for Thursday say the group sessions have focused almost exclusively on policy matters, and not on the multiple looming controversies. His chief of staff, Oklahoma City native Ryan Jackson, has been quarterbacking the sessions. Earlier this month, it was Jackson who took responsibility for securing raises for several of Pruitt's top aides - something Pruitt said had occurred without his knowledge.Ahead of the hearings, Pruitt has continued to push the pro-industry agenda that has won him favor with President Trump . This week, Pruitt announced two new directives supported by Congressional Republicans On Tuesday, Pruitt unveiled a new rule for how the EPA would limit the use of scientific materials to only research that makes the underlying raw data publicly available. Pruitt says the change will allow for more transparency. Critics, including former EPA administrator Gina McCarthy, say it could disqualify some of the research that forms the basis of regulations intended to protect public health.A similar change was pushed in legislation by Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas, the chairman of the House Science Committee, who appeared at Tuesday's announcement at EPA - which was not open to reporters.Earlier in the week Pruitt was in Georgia where he announced that as part of the president's existing executive orders to promote American energy independence and roll back regulations the EPA will now consider burning trees and other materials to be a carbon neutral activity, even though the EPA policy document also states that there is scientific disagreement among its scientific advisors over that issue. Both Democrats and Republicans have supported policies opening up investment in this kind of energy, including Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine, who has been critical of Pruitt in recent weeks.Ahead of his expecting grilling on Capitol Hill, Pruitt still has the support of conservative leaders outside of Congress, who co-signed a letter earlier this month thanking Trump for standing by Pruitt."He's one of the strongest members of the Cabinet in achieving President Trump's agenda of draining the swamp," Jenny Beth Martin, the chairman of the Tea Party Patriots Citizen Fund, said in an interview."The grassroots across this country like what Scott Pruitt is doing," she said, adding that her group would likely encourage members to support Pruitt later this week.Conservatives outside the administration have remained in contact with the White House, and have expressed support for Pruitt, sources familiar with the conversations tell ABC News.
A federal judge has overturned a jury decision that found a former president of Bolivia and his defense minister responsible for government killings during 2003 unrest.
U.S. Senior District Judge James Cohn upheld a defense motion Wednesday that there was insufficient evidence to support an April verdict that included $10 million in damages in a lawsuit filed by Bolivians whose family members were among the dead.
The jury verdict had followed a nearly three-week trial of the civil suit in federal court in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Jurors found against former Bolivian President Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada and his former defense minister, Jose Carlos Sanchez Berzain. Both live in the U.S.
The lawsuit was filed under the Torture Victim Protection Act, which authorizes suits in the U.S. for extrajudicial killings.
GREENWOOD, Miss. (AP) — The man fired from his radio DJ job for groping superstar Taylor Swift has been hired by a Mississippi radio station.
The Washington Post quotes Delta Radio CEO David Fuss as telling news outlets he believes David Mueller's side of the story and hired him because he sounds good on air.
Swift sued Mueller for a dollar last year, saying he's grabbing her bare backside while posing for photo. Mueller, who uses the last name "Jackson" on air, denies the allegation and started co-hosting a show on Monday called "Jackson and Jonbob."
Mueller's hiring comes amid the #MeToo movement aimed at drawing attention to sexual assault and harassment. Fuss says the hiring decision was also "maybe a tiny bit" about publicity.
Neither party has responded to the newspaper's requests for comment.
ESCONDIDO, Calif. (AP) — Authorities have arrested a suspect in the stabbing death of a 75-year-old retiree more than three decades ago in Southern California.
Police in Escondido say technology led to new analysis of fingerprints from the apartment where Richard Finney was stabbed 31 times in 1986.
The San Diego Union-Tribune reported Monday that Nathan Eugene Mathis faces a charge of murder and an allegation that he used a knife in the attack. The 62-year-old retired security guard pleaded not guilty last week.
Investigators haven't named a possible motive or said whether the defendant and the victim knew each other.
Gina Turi Curry, Finney's granddaughter, tells the newspaper she burst into tears when police informed her of the arrest.
___
Information from: The San Diego Union-Tribune, http://www.utsandiego.com
REDMOND, Wash.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Nintendo's dropping some fresh (and free!) new content for on Nintendo Switch tonight! After downloading a major new update (Version 3.0) to the Splatoon 2 game at 6 p.m. PT, players will have access to a huge amount of new content. This includes the addition of more than 100 pieces of new and returning gear, new songs, the introduction of a challenging new X Rank for the top-performing players in Ranked Battle, weapon balance adjustments and the return of Callie of the famous Squid Sisters.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005662/en/
X Rank is an extremely challenging Ranked Battle experience targeting the best-of-the-best players. (Photo: Business Wire)
“As promised when the game was first announced, we are determined to provide players with new experiences and content in Splatoon 2,” said Doug Bowser, Nintendo of America's Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. “Through these regular updates, we are ensuring that both players old and new will log on to fun new experiences.”
X Rank is an extremely challenging Ranked Battle experience targeting the best-of-the-best players. Players who are S+10 in the current Splatoon 2 ranking system will automatically be registered as X Rank after downloading the update. Players who are X Rank will battle for an X Power level. Once a month, 500 players with the highest X Power level for each of the four different Ranked Battle modes will be announced within SplatNet 2, a service of the Nintendo Switch Online app for mobile devices.
X Power levels will be reset every month. During this reset, players whose X Power level ends up lower than a set threshold will rank down to S+9. This new system encourages players of all ranks to enjoy improving their play and maintaining their skills, as opposed to simply focusing on ranking up.
The first X Power reset is currently scheduled for May 31, and any future resets will take place on the final day of that month. As part of these periodic resets, the rotation of eight selected stages in Ranked Battle (with two stages rotating every two hours), the addition of new weapons and the introduction of new stages will also occur. In fact, tonight will also see the return of the popular stage Camp Triggerfish, along with four additional weapons.
In addition to X Rank, when Version 3.0 goes live this evening, this new update adds more than 100 pieces of gear – some new, some returning from the original Splatoon game – as well as new songs from Chirpy Chips, a popular in-game chiptune-style band featured in the first game. The update will also include some weapon balance adjustments, bug fixes and other changes.
Fans of the Squid Sisters will need to sit down, as the software update also marks the long-awaited return of Callie. Once players meet a certain condition after downloading the update, Callie will appear in Tentakeel Outpost in Octo Canyon. As exciting as it is to see the Squid Sisters reunited, Callie will also offer recent multiplayer stats about the player's character.
For complete notes about Version 3.0 additions and instructions about how to download the updates, visit the official Nintendo customer support site.
For more information about Splatoon 2, visit https://splatoon.nintendo.com/ or https://splatoonus.tumblr.com/. Check out ongoing Splatoon 2 Inkling Open tournament activity at https://e3.nintendo.com/splatoon-2-inkling-open/.
Remember that Nintendo Switch features parental controls that let adults manage the content their children can access. For more information about other features, visit https://www.nintendo.com/switch/.
About Nintendo: The worldwide pioneer in the creation of interactive entertainment, Nintendo Co., Ltd., of Kyoto, Japan, manufactures and markets hardware and software for its Nintendo Switch ™ system and the Nintendo 3DS ™ family of portable systems. Since 1983, when it launched the Nintendo Entertainment System ™, Nintendo has sold more than 4.5 billion video games and more than 710 million hardware units globally, including Nintendo Switch and the Nintendo 3DS family of systems, as well as the Game Boy ™, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS ™ family of systems, Super NES ™, Nintendo 64 ™, Nintendo GameCube ™, Wii ™ and Wii U ™ systems. It has also created industry icons that have become well-known, household names, such as Mario, Donkey Kong, Metroid, Zelda and Pokémon. A wholly owned subsidiary, Nintendo of America Inc., based in Redmond, Wash., serves as headquarters for Nintendo's operations in the Americas. For more information about Nintendo, please visit the company's website at https://www.nintendo.com/.
Note to editors: Nintendo press materials are available at https://press.nintendo.com, a password-protected site. To obtain a login, please register on the site.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005662/en/
CONTACT: GOLIN
Eddie Garcia, 213-335-5536
egarcia@golin.com
or
Rich George, 213-335-5554
rgeorge@golin.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: WOMEN ENTERTAINMENT ELECTRONIC GAMES TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS ONLINE RETAIL HARDWARE SOFTWARE AUDIO/VIDEO CHILDREN TEENS RETAIL MOBILE ENTERTAINMENT ONLINE CONSUMER MEN
SOURCE: Nintendo
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005662/en
Let's respect President Rodrigo Duterte's decision.
This was the statement of Malacañang on Tuesday after Retired Air Force General Ramon Farolan, in an Inquirer column, called on Duterte to reconsider his decision of granting the Medal of Valor to the 42 Special Action Force (SAF) slain during the Mamasapano encounter in 2015.
READ: Not the Medal of Valor, please
ADVERTISEMENT
“The President already signed last February 8 the posthumous conferment of the Medal of Valor to 42 SAF members. The Appointments Office is still working on the schedule of the awarding ceremony, ” Presidential Spokesperson Ernesto Abella told reporters in a Palace briefing.
“So I think we need to respect the President's judgment call,” he added.
In a speech before families of the slain commandos in January, Duterte ordered Philippine National Police (PNP) chief Director Gen. Ronald “Bato” dela Rosa to study the possible conferment of the Medalya ng Kagitingan to the 42 SAF members.
Two of the SAF troopers, Senior Insp. Gednat Tabdi and Police Officer 2 Romeo Cempron, were earlier awarded the Medalya ng Kagitingan.
On February 8, Duterte approved the conferment of the Medal of Valor (Medalya ng Kagitingan) on the 42 SAF commandos after the National Police Commission (Napolcom) recommended to the President to award the Medalya ng Kagitingan to the slain troopers. RAM/rga
READ: Duterte OKs conferment of Medal of Valor on 42 fallen SAF men
AMES, Iowa — Iowa State guard Lindell Wigginton says he is withdrawing from consideration for the NBA Draft and returning to school for his sophomore season.
The native of Dartmouth, N.S., who averaged 16.7 points and 2.8 assists a game as a freshman, announced his plans on Wednesday.
Wigginton and fellow newcomer Cameron Lard gave the Cyclones a pair of young cornerstone players in what was a rebuilding season a year ago. Wigginton broke Iowa State's record for points by a freshman, topping 20 on 13 different occasions.
Though Wigginton had a strong initial season in Ames, he wasn't expected to get drafted — especially after playing mostly at shooting guard despite standing just six-foot-two.
14:06 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Israeli electricity abetts enemies Read more
IEC speaks on Gaza's power supply and what to do about the PA and Gaza's outstanding debt. ► ◄ Last Briefs
By JEFF MARTIN
Associated Press
ATLANTA (AP) - Severe storms that spawned tornadoes damaged homes and downed trees as they moved across the Southeast on Monday night.
Forecasters warned that the storms could threaten more than 29 million people, raising the risk of powerful tornadoes, damaging winds and hail the size of tennis balls.
Cities in northern Alabama reported power outages, and the National Weather Service in Huntsville reported at least three confirmed tornadoes in the area.
In Limestone County, an Alabama county on the Tennessee border, the sheriff's office posted photos online of houses with roofs ripped off and outbuildings torn from their foundations. Several roads were closed because of power lines or trees, the office tweeted. But it had no reports of injuries from the storms.
The athletic director at Jacksonville State University said late Monday there was significant damage to the campus.
"I can confirm we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum, but The Pete is not completely destroyed," Greg Seitz said in a tweet.
Portions of northern Alabama and southern Tennessee were still under tornado warnings Monday night, and the National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for much of northern Georgia as the line moved eastward.
Forecasters said the storm threat is unusually dangerous because of the possibility of several tornadoes, some of which could be intense. The weather service says hail as large as 3 inches (7.5 centimeters) in diameter could fall, and there's a possibility of wind gusts to 70 mph (115 kph).
"The potential for strong to violent, long-track tornadoes is a real possibility," Alabama state meteorologist Jim Stefkovic said at a news conference.
Alabama Emergency Management Executive Operations Officer Jeff Smitherman raised the threat level and increased staffing at Alabama's emergency management agency. The storms are the first severe weather to threaten the state this year.
School systems from central Tennessee as far south as Birmingham, Alabama, let out early, hoping students and staff would have time to get home before the storms moved through.
The threatened storms come one day before the official start of spring, and are "by far the most impressive setup we've seen so far this year," said Kurt Weber, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Huntsville, Alabama.
"We can't rule out a strong tornado east of Interstate 65 at this point with all the ingredients coming together," Weber added. "Hopefully not, but definitely a possibility."
He said golf ball to tennis ball-sized hail, which can do serious damage to buildings and cars, was possible.
"This is one of those days you want to put the car in the garage if you can," Weber said.
Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey urged Alabamians to implement safety plans and get in a safe location.
"We are not taking the situation lightly," Ivey said. "Severe weather is unpredictable and that is why it is paramount we prepare ahead of time."
The University of Alabama suspended operations Monday from 6:30 p.m. to midnight, meaning classes and campus activities were cancelled, libraries closed and shelters were opened on campus.
___
Associated Press writer Jay Reeves in Birmingham, Alabama, Mallory Moench in Montgomery, Alabama, and Kate Brumback in Atlanta contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Senate overwhelmingly approves new package of sanctions to punish Russia for meddling in 2016 election.
The British National Alpine Ski Championships will again be held in Tignes next year, it has been confirmed.
Competition has been held at the French resort for the past three years, with no facilities available in Britain itself due to the lack of snow.
More than 500 competitors are expected for the biggest event on the British Alpine calendar, with races scheduled for Stade in Val Claret between March 25 and April 6.
Events will be held for both seniors and children with the action coming only shortly after the conclusion of the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympics, which end on February 25.
Dave Ryding is one of the big names expected to be in action ©Getty Images
The biggest British Alpine skiing names are expected including Dave Ryding, a slalom silver medallist at the International Ski Federation World Cup event in Kitzbühel in Austria on January 22.
"It is testament to Tignes and their commitment to putting on world-class events that we are back for a fourth year to run the Delancey British National Alpine Ski Championships," said British Ski and Snowboard chief executive Dave Edwards.
"Each year the standard of skiing and racing seems to rise, and we don't expect 2018 to be any different."
Austrian Reini Fernsebner was appointed as the new Alpine head coach of the British team in May.
Jamie Ritblat, chairman and chief executive of sponsors Delancey, added: "With the 2018 Winter Olympics on the horizon, the 2018 Delancey British National Alpine Ski Championships will provide the perfect opportunity to continue to follow the journey of our Olympic and best British athletes, as they pursue their international medal-winning ambition."
For decades, the rest of the world could largely ignore the contact sport known as Italian politics. Not this week, when global financial markets took a giant dip out of fear that a postelection crisis in Rome might force a default on Italy's outsize debt or lead it to withdraw from Europe's shared currency.
Italy, warned Ignazio Visco, governor of the country's central bank, is “a few short steps away” from losing the “asset of trust.”
Qualities such as trust, fiscal prudence, and rule of law are indeed the unseen assets of an economy, especially in one that is the fourth largest in the European Union. Italians went to polls three months ago to choose new leaders, yet they still do not have new government. The key dispute is whether Italy should ignore EU rules on debt levels – and even possibly leave the EU.
The top vote-getters in the March election, the populist Five-Star Movement and the right-wing League, are euroskeptics. The League claims EU rules are “enslaving” Italians, barring them from borrowing more to spend more. But President Sergio Mattarella, who must bless any coalition government, is in favor of Italy living by EU standards of governance. The standoff could lead to a compromise or a new election as soon as July 29.
Elections do more than set a new direction for a country. They also serve as a test of voter understanding about the values that drive innovation, stability, and prosperity. A consistent majority of Italians still support the euro, or the common currency, which is a solid benefit of 75 years of efforts to unify postwar Europe. But they also see little urgency in dealing with the third-highest public debt in the world and the eurozone's largest in absolute terms.
Private investors fled Italy's financial markets this week because the country seemed not to understand that economic growth relies on the spending restraint and similar promises that Italy, a founder of the EU and the euro, made to its partners. Markets now seek consistency and certainty in Italian policies, but most of all, cooperation on the values that have turned the EU into the world's second largest economic region.
In his last book, “Factfulness,” the late Swedish statistician Hans Rosling pleaded for more nations to unify around a common search for truth. “In order for this planet to have financial stability, peace, and protected natural resources, there's one thing we can't do without, and that's international collaboration, based on shared and fact-based understanding of the world. The current lack of knowledge about the world is therefore the most concerning problem of all.”
Together, the EU nations, as an intentional community, will eventually make better choices on essential values than if each country splits off on its own. Greece made a choice to stay in the EU after its 2011-12 financial crisis. Now it is Italy's turn.
Related stories
Read this story at csmonitor.com
Become a part of the Monitor community
Alia Bhatt, the stunning diva who just turned 25 on March 15 has met with an accident on the sets of her upcoming movie Brahmastra which is being shot in Bulgaria. Bollywood diva will be seen sharing the screen with Ranbir Kapoor. As per the sources, the Bollywood dive has injured her right arm and shoulder. Produced by Karan Johar, Bramhastra is scheduled to hit the floors in 2019.
Alia Bhatt, the stunning diva who just turned 25 on March 15 has met with an accident on the sets of her upcoming movie Brahmastra which is being shot in Bulgaria. While shooting for an action scene, Alia Bhatt injured herself as per reports. Ayan Mukerji directorial film which stars handsome Ranbir Kapoor and chubby Alia Bhatt not only is a romantic saga but also includes various stunt sequences. The shooting which was scheduled to get wrapped up by the end of March has landed the Brahmastra team in dilemma.
As per the report, a source told the leading daily that, “The team was shooting for a scene when Alia fell and hurt herself. She has injured her right shoulder and arm. There's a clot in her arm, so she has been advised bed rest.” The actress is said to stay away from action for few weeks. The source further added, “She is in a lot of pain. Her right arm is bandaged and held up in a sling, so she can't exert it or her shoulder for the next 15 days.”
ALSO READ: KanganaRanaut opens up about her love life; says I was always the one who got dumped
“In the current scenario, Alia can't film any stunt sequences. She can only shoot for close-up scenes and the team is checking if they would need any right now.” We got in touch with the Brahmastra team who confirmed the news about the accident. However, there is no clarity that the star will head back home or will stay there.
Amitabh Bachchan, Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt starrer movie Brahmastra will hit the floors on 15 August 2019. Recently Alia Bhatt lauded her 25th birthday with the entire team of Brahmastra in Bulgaria, the director of the movie made sure her birthday was fun filled and happening for the lady. He organized a small birthday bash for the leading lady where Ranbir Kapoor's mother Neetu Kapoor was also spotted having gala time with the crew. Not just that, the legendary actress even shared few pictures on her Instagram account. Take a look at the posts she shared.
ALSO READ: Brahmastra: Mouni Roy has found her ‘Best Boy-friend' in Ayan Mukerji; see photo
ALSO READ: Priyanka Chopra teaches lesson to sexist reporter who questioned her take on gender equality
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
By ANDREW DALTON
AP Entertainment Writer
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The estate of Michael Jackson sued ABC and parent company Disney on Wednesday, saying a two-hour documentary on the singer's last days improperly used the King of Pop's songs, music videos and movies.
The lawsuit filed in federal court in Los Angeles and obtained by The Associated Press alleges that last week's special, "The Last Days of Michael Jackson," illegally uses significant excerpts of his most valuable songs, including "Billie Jean" and "Bad," and music videos, including "Thriller" and "Black or White."
It also says ABC used clips from the estate's 2016 Spike Lee-directed documentary, "Michael Jackson's Journey from Motown to Off the Wall," and from the 2009 feature film "Michael Jackson's This is It."
The lawsuit alleges at least 30 violations and seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against further use of the estate's intellectual property.
It frequently cites Disney's aggressive defense of its own copyrights and its normally narrow view of "fair use," the doctrine in copyright law that says short excerpts can be used for news, criticism and research.
"Like Disney, the lifeblood of the estate's business is its intellectual property," the lawsuit says. "Yet for some reason, Disney decided it could just use the estate's most valuable intellectual property for free."
Representatives from ABC did not immediately respond to a request for comment. But when the Jackson camp first raised objections last week, the network defended the special as a legal work of journalism on a newsworthy subject that "does not infringe on his estate's rights."
The network said that as a courtesy it stopped using an image of Jackson to promote the show that the estate had objected to.
As a work of news, the special would be entitled to fair use of excerpts of Jackson's work, but the lawsuit dismisses the idea that the documentary had any news value, calling it "a mediocre look back at Michael Jackson's life and entertainment career."
The lawsuit says warning letters sent to Disney attorneys before the airing went unanswered.
The special focused on Jackson's apparent decline in the run-up to his death on June 25, 2009. The 50-year-old left behind heirs that include his mother and three children.
Jackson died of acute intoxication of propofol, a prescription anesthetic he had been taking as a sleep aid during preparations for a series of comeback concerts.
Former cardiologist Conrad Murray was convicted in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter for giving Jackson a fatal dose of the drug. He served two years in jail, and his conviction was upheld in 2014.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Earlier Steerpike reported that Grant Shapps was added to the Tory MPs' WhatsApp group this morning. Here are a selection of messages to Grant from MPs in the group via WikiGuido's column in the i tomorrow:
“I've added you to this group of colleagues. The summary is WTF and STFU.”
“There are fewer signatures on your list than files sent to the CPS after the election campaign you ran as chairman.”
“Do yourself a favour and wind your neck in.”
“My constituents are demanding we get our sh*t together.”
“Keeping our sh*t together seems the most sensible approach.
“Totally agree on the sh*t front.”
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Romania's first female prime minister was sworn on Wednesday as the country's third head of government in a year amid ongoing anti-corruption protests.
Viorica Dancila, 54, a European Parliament lawmaker before being elected premier, and her Cabinet took their oaths of office, which were administered by President Klaus Iohannis.
Dancila won 282-136 votes in Parliament, far more than the 233 votes she needed to lead Romania's current left-wing government, which the European Union has criticized over legislation that critics say will make it hard to prosecute high-level corruption.
Dancila has voiced support for the proposals, which have prompted public protests.
The legislation would ban the use of audio and video recordings in prosecutions. Other aspects include holding judges personally responsible for erroneous rulings, and making it possible to seek financial damages from them.
The previous two prime ministers were ousted because they were perceived as not toeing the ruling Social Democrat party line, and in particular not giving their full support to overhauling the justice system.
Iohannis had harsh words for the new government about the justice system and the economy, saying that there was a "red line" the government shouldn't cross.
"Affecting the independence of the justice system is inacceptable," he told ministers. "The ruling coalition shouldn't ignore the signal sent by hundreds of thousands of Romanians who continue to go on the streets to support the rule of law."
"People want prosperity in a country where politicians respect the citizens," adding recent government fiscal policy had "rattled the population and the business community."
He added: "Instead of simplifying things ... we are faced with uncertainty which risks degenerating into financial instability and major economic imbalances."
Dancila, a European Parliament lawmaker, was a relative unknown in domestic politics until this month. Speaking before the parliamentary vote, she promised to raise wages, reduce bureaucracy and build hundreds of kilometers (miles) of new highways and railway lines by 2020.
Dancila, who will head a Cabinet of 27 ministers, will likely act in the role of an administrator, with government policy decided by powerful Social Democrat chairman Liviu Dragnea, who can't be prime minister because of a conviction for vote-rigging.
A court froze Dragnea's assets in November over a charge of embezzling EU funds. He denies wrongdoing.
She was booed by a small group of protesters as she arrived at parliament Monday. But party members handed her a bouquet of red roses and greeted her with applause as she walked through the palace built by late Communist leader Nicolae Ceausescu, which now houses Parliament.
"The goal of my mandate is for Romania in 2020 to be in the top half of the EU's strongest economies so that young people no longer leave from Romania, and those that have left want to return," Dancila told lawmakers.
Mihai Tudose resigned as prime minister earlier this month after the party withdrew its support for him. He replaced Sorin Grindeanu, who was forced out of office in a no-confidence vote brought by his own party in June.
Winners of The World's 50 Best Bars were announced Thursday night, at a swanky event that gathered some of the world's top mixologists and bar owners to London's Southwark Cathedral. With eight addresses on the list, London has cemented its reputation as the cocktail capital of the world, while the US took 13 spots. Take a tour of what it takes to be one of the best watering holes in the world.
SANTA ANA – Santa Ana quarterback Damian Macias did a little bit of everything in leading the Saints to a 28-21 victory over Westminster in a Golden West League game Friday night at Santa Ana Stadium.
Macias rushed for two touchdowns, threw a TD pass, made a crucial interception in the end zone in the fourth quarter and guided his team to the winning touchdown in the final minutes.
Macias scored on runs of 7 and 36 yards and tossed a 65-yard touchdown pass as Santa Ana won its fifth consecutive game and improved to 5-1 overall and 1-0 in league.
“There were a lot of nerves out there and I was shaking on the final drive, but I had trust in my teammates,” said Macias, who also completed eight passes for 202 yards a TD. “I told the guys to control the ball and don't try to do anything extra.”
The Lions (0-1, 4-2) tied the score at 21 following an 8-yard TD pass from Noah Melbon to Malachi Mesa with 4:14 to play, completing a 99-yard scoring march.
Macias then promptly drove the Saints on a six-play, 65-yard scoring drive. The key play was a 33-yard pass from Macias to Pablo Aguirre to the Westminster 1. Allen Pacheco scored on the next play to give Santa Ana a 28-21 lead with 1:11 to play.
“Damian is everything you want in a student-athlete,” said Santa Ana coach Charlie TeGantvoort. “He has a 4.2 GPA and he's polite and you would never know that he's a beast on the field.”
Melbon led Westminster to the Saints 17 with time winding down. With one second remaining in the game his pass into the end zone was intercepted by Julian Gomez to seal the Saints win.
Melbon completed 25 passes for 332 yards and two TDs. Mesa caught 9 passes for 102 yards and a TD.
“Our kids battled but they made a few more plays that we did,” said Lions coach Ted McMillen.
The Lions drove deep into Santa Ana territory early in the fourth quarter with the game tied at 21, but Macias intercepted a pass in the end zone to foil a Westminster drive.
With the Saints leading 7-0 in the second quarter, the two teams combined to score four touchdowns in the final five minutes of the half as Santa Ana took a 21-14 lead at halftime.
Christian Jaime rushed for 100 yards for the Lions and scored a touchdown.
The two teams combined to produce 568 yards of offense in the first half.
The decision on whether to strike North Korea ultimately rests with President Donald Trump, his top military adviser told reporters at a news conference today, adding that the focus is now on diplomatic and economic efforts to solve the standoff.
The United States is watching closely whether Pyongyang will fire missiles near Guam, with North Korea's stated "mid-August" deadline for doing so falling Tuesday on a major Korean holiday, Liberation Day, Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told ABC News' Martha Raddatz.
"I don't know if they're going to do what they say they're going to do. But we're not complacent about it,” Dunford told ABC News after the news conference in Seoul. “We're paying attention to everything that they say, everything that they do and we're preparing accordingly.”
Dunford attempted to reassure Americans, as well as Japanese and South Koreans, that the U.S. military has the "capability to defend them against a limited attack that North Korea is capable of delivering today."
Asked during his news conference about Trump's rhetoric and whether it has made the situation worse, Dunford said the president is communicating to a number of different audiences, including North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and China.
"My job is not to access whether the president's rhetoric is helpful or not," Dunford said. "My job is to make sure that when a president makes a decision, and he makes a decision to use military force, that I provide him with good options."
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - A woman who was found dead Wednesday in a stairwell of a power plant at Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital had dementia and vanished from a nearby mental health facility 10 days ago, her daughter said.
A staff member found the body at about 1 p.m. The county medical examiner's office identified the woman as Ruby Andersen, 75.
An autopsy was pending.
"I don't know how she died," her daughter, Charlene Roberts, told KRON-TV . "Did she have a stroke or fell? I don't know what happened."
Roberts, who gave her mother's age as 76, said the woman had dementia and two hearing aids and went missing on May 20 from a mental health facility.
"We almost hired a private investigator" to look for her, Roberts said.
Hospital spokeswoman Rachael Kagan said the woman was not a patient at San Francisco General but noted that there were other facilities on the same campus operated by the San Francisco Department of Public Health. They include the 47-bed Mental Health Rehabilitation Center.
Andersen was found in a stairwell that usually is locked and only accessible to maintenance workers, Kagan said.
"We are very concerned how this could have happened," she said.
Police, public health and sheriff's investigators were working on the case.
Five years ago, the body of a missing patient was found in a stairwell at the same hospital, more than two weeks after a patient disappeared from her room.
An autopsy determined that 57-year-old Lynne Spalding had been dead for several days before her body was found in a stairwell that was supposed to be routinely checked by security.
The Sheriff's Department, which is responsible for the hospital's security, paid Spalding's family $3 million to settle a legal claim.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
'America has no greater friend than Israel, and Israel has no greater friend than America.'
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu wished the United States a happy Independence Day in a video message posted on social media.
"Congratulations, America, on the Fourth of July," Netanyahu said.
"On that day 242 years ago, a great birth of freedom occurred. And it wasn't just freedom for the United States of America. It was freedom for the world.
"What a difference America has made in standing up for liberty, standing up for democracy, and standing up for decency.
"America has our greatest admiration.
"America has no greater friend than Israel, and Israel has no greater friend than America."
A knee brace, blue inhaler and a black baseball glove were just a few of the 938 unclaimed items left behind during the second weekend of the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival.
That was the total on the festival's lost and found section on its website. Other unclaimed items included 64 keys and another 70 were misplaced cell phones. The biggest number of lost items, a whopping 452, were credit and identification cards.
The website doesn't show images of the cards but in an effort to help connect to its rightful owner, the initial of the first name and the last name are listed.
Sign up for our Festival Pass newsletter . Whether you are a Coachella lifer or prefer to watch from afar, get weekly dispatches during the Southern California music festival season. Subscribe here
On its website, Coachella asks concert goers to help them verify their lost possession by noting serial numbers, “engravings or anything unique that only you would know about this item.”
Someone had taken Justin Meng's identification card on the first night of Weekend 2 while he was in the Sahara Tent.
“They took money and my ID but it's OK because it was only $20,” said Meng, 21, of San Diego.
Meng was one of a dozen people at the lost and found pop-up near the one of the entrances of the festival to claim his identification. He said he was glad to be reunited with his card, especially since that saves him a trip to the DMV.
Under the computers and electronics category, there 27 unclaimed items including a blow dryer and a Go Pro as well as several walkie talkies and cell phone chargers.
A pair of worn down Nike shoes and black leather booties were the only two shoes unclaimed.
While most of the entries are accompanied with an image, some categories, like jewelry are a little more discreet, simply asking the concertgoer file a claim with a description of their lost item.
The last we checked there were no missing persons, or, animals, yes, those really are categories.
One of the categories with the most unclaimed items is sunglasses. A total of 77 shades were lost at the festival.
Madeleine Martin, 19, of San Francisco, was at the lost and found booth Sunday in the hope of finding her pair of Burberry sunglasses.
Martin, was volunteering at one of the booths this weekend, when she not only lost the designer brand sunglasses, but a blue Hydro Flask water bottle as well. Martin said she believes she lost them on the first day of the festival but hadn't reported them missing because she thought that someone at the booth had just packed them up.
“I think someone just stole it, honestly,” she said, Sunday evening after leaving the lost and found.
Martin had gone to visit booth for the first time Sunday with no luck.
“It's kind of sad but I did lose these Ray-Ban (sunglasses) in a bathroom in the campground and someone did turn them in,” she said.
Oh, if you went during the first weekend there are still 865 unclaimed items. For more details, visit www.coachella.com/guidebook/lostandfound.
See our photos from Coachella 2018:
The Military Advocate General will appeal the ruling to acquit the terrorist who stabbed Nirit Zmora of murder charges, after the military court ruled that the terrorist did not necessarily intend to murder Zmora, Kann News reported on Tuesday.
In the framework of the appeal, the Military Advocate General submitted a request to the military court to present additional evidence - a document from the terrorist's interrogation, which indicates his intention to murder and not just to injure.
An Indian Army soldier was killed in accidental firing in the border district of Poonch in Jammu and Kashmir, an official said on Tuesday.
Earlier, it was reported that the soldier died in Pakistan sniper firing late Monday evening on the Line of Control (LoC) in Mendhar sector of Poonch. But defence spokesman Lt. Col. Manish Mehta denied that there was any firing from the Pakistani side on Monday in Mendhar.
“There had been no ceasefire violation (from Pakistan). It was one casualty due to accidental discharge,” Lt. Col. Manish Mehta told IANS here. He gave no further details.
The spokesman, however, said the Pakistan Army fired and launched mortar shells indiscriminately at Indian posts in Naushera sector of the de facto border in Rajouri district on Monday. The Indian Army retaliated strongly, he said.
Dozens of cattle were killed on the Indian side.
WASHINGTON (The Borowitz Report)—A disturbing hostage video surfaced on Monday showing an American man woodenly reciting words that were not his own.
The video, which was broadcast on all the major news networks, raised concerns for the man, whose robotic performance indicated that he was reading a prepared statement under duress.
While the man appeared well fed and, to a certain extent, healthy, his facial expressions and body language convinced experts that the act of reciting the prepared text was an extraordinary ordeal for him.
Harland Dorrinson, a forensic psychologist, compared the man's performance with hours of earlier footage of him and said that the man had “never expressed these sentiments before.”
“He did not seem to understand what he was saying,” the psychologist said. “At times, he appeared to be reading these words phonetically.”
Additionally, Dorrinson said, the man's speech patterns in the hostage video were strikingly different from those in earlier videos of him. “From the moment he began speaking, the subjects in his sentences agreed with the verbs,” he said.
"That set off alarm bells."
Breyden Parsen gingerly walked among the cobblestone rocks at San Onofre State Beach, searching for the slimy, shiny creatures lining the shore as if he were on a treasure hunt.
“There's one!” the 4-year-old San Clemente resident shouted, the glistening waves breaking just a short distance away on a recent day. “And another one!”
Parsen had discovered what many beachgoers have accidentally stumbled across in recent months: big, black slimy sea slugs that feel squishy under the toes if accidentally stepped on.
Ocean Institute Marine Biologist Julianne Steers said the Black Sea Hares — the largest of the sea slug species — are experiencing a noticeable rebound. She called the Aplysia vaccaria species “one of the most spectacular marine creatures we have along our coast.”
While biologists have noticed a small increase in the Black Sea Hares during dives the past few years, they have seen a greater jump in their numbers along the shoreline in recent months — from San Clemente and Corona del Mar to the south, to near Redondo Beach and beyond to the north, Steers said.
“It's definitely a sign of a healthier ocean. We still have a way to go, but it's definitely a rebound,” she said.
Steers said this particular sea hare species — which can grow upward of a couple of feet in length and top 20 pounds — hasn't been seen in big numbers for at least a decade. She credits the increased population to recent algae blooms that have helped feed the sea hares.
They're even more visible this week, with the extreme low tides allowing for better viewing of creatures when the water recedes back and they rest on rocks or on the sand.
Steers said the sea hares look like squishy rocks.
“It can blend in with all the other boulders and stones, as well as tar,” she said. “It's the same color.”
Breyden's mom, Savannah, encountered some sea hares lazily lingering after she took a dip into the shallow water at San Onofre.
“They're everywhere,” she said. “You can see them floating all over the place.”
The slugs seen at San Onofre and Doheny State Beach are about the size of a hand, and during low tide they lay on or wedge between rocks or in small pools of water.
“Most often, they are somewhere in the 6- to 10-pound range,” Steers said. “They get that big by consuming a buffet of algae. It's definitely not your garden variety snail.”
She said their cousin, the smaller California sea hares, are likewise rebounding after a population decline.
These slugs squirt purple ink if they feel threatened. “That way they can get away or they can deter or distract their potential predators,” she said.
Steers said though it might be tempting to pick them up, they are better left alone to thrive in their environment.
“The more we observe and learn with their lives, the more the species can grow and proliferate and be a strong member of our ecosystem,” she said.
They have short life spans, she said, and will die if they are on shore and exposed for too long. The ones left on dry land after low tide will likely be washed back when the tide rises again.
“It always puts a smile on my face — it's nice to see a species we haven't seen in a number of years make a rebound,” she said. “For me as a biologist, the opportunity to observe and learn more than you can from a book, observing and having that experience of seeing a seasonal or annual cycle, definitely aides in the continuing of my education as well.”
Ali Huerta, a 22-year-old surfer from Mission Viejo, felt the slimy creatures under her toes after a San Onofre surf session Thursday, Oct. 5, when she accidentally stepped on a few while making her way back to shore.
“They are really, seriously slimy,” she said. “I like when there are animals in the water, it's kind of cool. I also don't want to squish them, I feel bad.”
United Nations Middle East envoy Nikolay Mladenov told the 6th Global Forum for Combatting Antisemitism on Monday evening that the UN is committed to educating the world against racism and xenophobia.
He recalled how during the Holocaust there were those who looked away as Jews were deported and those who confonted authorities from carrying out deportations.
Thursday Feb. 1 was Candy Making Day at Parkview Nursing & Rehab Center located at 3200 Parkway Rd. The residents of Parkview all came together to visit, have fun, and made cotton candy and candy suckers. Shown in the top picture is Parkview resident, Virginia Kirkland, and Shelia Crockett, a volunteer from Kindred Hospice, sharing some cotton candy. In the bottom photo shows Parkview resident, Marie Pounds, helping herself to some of the cotton candy that was made by the residents there at Parkview.
A Border Security Force (BSF) trooper posted on the International Border (IB) in Samba district in Jammu and Kashmir died under mysterious circumstances, officials said on Thursday.
“A BSF jawan, Parveen Kumar, deployed in Ramgarh sector of Samba district has died under mysteries circumstances,” an official said.
Constable Kumar, of 176 battalions posted on Kandral border outpost, vomited blood, he added.
He was shifted to hospital where doctors said he had died en route. “An enquiry has been started. The deceased trooper belonged to Gurdaspur (Punjab).”
Last week also a Border Security Force (BSF) trooper died near the Line of Control (LoC) in Poonch district in Jammu and Kashmir after he fell into a gorge.
BSF sources said here that Kulbir Singh of the 137th battalion died when he slipped and fell into a deep gorge near the LoC in Poonch district.
President Trump on Monday authorized his top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft, a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions.
Trump called his action "a very big move" against practices that cost our nation "millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year."
He cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software, but also Beijing's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China's markets.
"We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity," Trump said at the White House. He was flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of his economic team.
Monday's steps were very preliminary, and analysts say that it could be a long time, if ever, before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China.
Eventually, it could lead the administration to initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a sanctions mechanism that's part of the Trade Act of 1974.
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration, but subsequent presidents have chosen to hear trade disputes at the World Trade Organization.
Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative, told NPR that Section 301 can be imposed unilaterally and is generally seen as quicker than the alternatives, such as the WTO.
"It saves time," he said. A WTO case "would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision, then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision. Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers. ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization."
The White House move was applauded by technology groups, which have long complained about intellectual property theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying "for too long China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements."
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the United States to level the playing field. But he said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel.
"We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel," Brown said.
But there are risks to the White House approach. Carolyn Freund, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways.
"China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China," she said. "It won't lead to anything positive."
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations.
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail, the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance, and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
She says that's because it's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers, such as automakers and appliance companies.
Troopers from Louisiana State Police Troop responded to a single fatal crash that occurred on LA Highway 104 west of U.S. 190 in St. Landry Parish.
The crash happened shortly after 11:00 p.m. on Friday January 13, 2017.
The investigation revealed that Shelby Bersuder, 19, of Baton Rouge failed to negotiate a curve LA Highway 104 , crossed the centerline, and loss control of the vehicle. The vehicle entered a south ditch, overturned, and came to rest on its roof.
Bersuder, was pronounced dead at the scene by the St. Landry Parish Coroner's Office.
It is unknown if impairment was a factor.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II on Wednesday dubbed as “hearsay” reports that certain high profile inmates were enjoying lavish lifestyles after testifying against Senator Leila de Lima, saying there was no proof to support such allegations.
“It's very clear here that the violations were not personally seen by Atty. Lim,” Aguirre said during his confirmation hearing at the Senate.
Lim is Bureau of Corrections (BuCor) Legal Office Chief Alvin Herrera Lim, who supposedlysigned a memorandum, allegedly pertaining to the reported luxurious lifestyles being enjoyed by some inmates.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: Document: Aguirre OK'd privileges of inmates who ratted on De Lima
“There's no proof that there were electronic gadgets, smart TV sets, air-conditioning units, internets, cellular phones. These are all hearsay because Atty. Lim did not see these,” Aguirre said.
He said it was “double hearsay” when Senator Leila de Lima reported this memo to the media.
“As I've said , since I've not read this confidential report, I was really surprised because I never ordered anybody to allow these cellphones etc, gadgets to the inmates including air-conditioning units…” Aguirre said. IDL
After delivering a spectacular performance in Padmaavat as Malik Kafur, Jim Sarbh has revealed that he will be a part of the much anticipated biopic on Bollywood superstar Sanjay Dutt starring Ranbir Kapoor. Helmed by Rajkumar Hirani, the film will also witness Dia Mirza essaying the role of Sanjay Dutt's wife Manyata and Manisha Koirala essaying the role of Nargis Dutt.
Apart from Ranveer Singh, Deepika Padukone and Shahid Kapoor, if there has been one performer who has won the hearts of the audiences with his spectacular performance in Padmaavat, it has to be Jim Sarbh. In a conversation with Zoom, Jim Sarbh revealed that the star is currently shooting for the much-awaited biopic on Bollywood's superstar Sanjay Dutt. The actor, however refused to reveal further details about his role in the film. Helmed by 3 idiots and PK director Rajkumar Hirani, the film will witness Dia Mirza characterising the role of Sanju Baba's wife Manyata, while Manisha Koilara will seen playing the role of legendary actor Nargis Dutt.
Talking about his experience of playing Malik Kafur in Padmaavat, Jim told a leading news agency, “In ‘Padmaavat', you are pushed to be as good as the frame, to have a presence that lives up to the grand, operatic, intricate, beautiful frame that you inhabit. I love trying to rise to that. I heard that Sanjay Leela Bhansali has an eye for detail, and it shows in his work, but seeing it first hand is a powerful experience.” He added, “I feel so grateful to have worked with someone who so deeply cares about his film, about every single element in his frame. For me, that is the most important thing, everything else falls by the wayside. If I see that everything the director does is motivated by trying to achieve the best, I can accept anything. I can try to do anything you want. I am immediately, passionately, on your team.”
A phenomenal actor and a theatre artist Jim Sarbh received his big Bollywood break in the film Neerja, where he essayed the role of a terrorist. He later featured into films like A Death in the Gunj and Raabta, before Padmaavat. For his contribution to Indian theatre, the acting talent was also selected for the Forbes India 30 under 30 list in early 2015 for his stellar performance in theatre plays like The Merchant of Venice, Kalki Koechlin's The Living Room, and Rajat Kapoor's What is Done, is Done.
TORONTO — Diners at some of Canada's largest restaurant chains might notice something a little bit different about their drink orders in the coming months.
Restaurant giant Recipe Unlimited Corporation, formerly known as Cara Operations, and its 19 brands will be ditching plastic straws in August in favour of compostable and biodegradable paper straws by the end of March 2019.
The company, which owns brands such as Harvey's, Swiss Chalet, Kelsey's and New York Fries, joins a growing group of Canadian restaurants and international food corporations that are phasing out the plastic drinking implements. In early June, quick-serve brand A&W Canada said it would soon switch to paper straws, while Ikea Canada promised to phase out plastic straws by 2020. Plenty of local bars and dining establishments followed suit.
McDonald's also announced in June that it will switch to paper straws at all its locations in the United Kingdom and Ireland, and test an alternative to plastic ones in some of its U.S. restaurants later this year.
The shift comes amid global pressure from environmentalists demanding restaurants switch to compostable options in an effort to stop wildlife from getting stuck and injured by plastic and to prevent the material from littering coastlines and green spaces.
Experts say Canadians use about 57 million straws a day, but less than 20 per cent are recycled. They often recommend paper, metal or wood straws as alternatives.
"Our goal is to enrich life in Canada...and that extends beyond our restaurants and guests, to our oceans, wildlife and environment," said Frank Hennessey, Recipe Unlimited's chief executive officer in a statement. "Straws are just one component of the work we're undertaking to eliminate single use plastics from our supply chain and shift to recyclable or compostable materials wherever possible."
While plastic straw bans are being championed by environmentalists and restaurants alike, they have also generated concerns because some people with disabilities say they need them and worry that sweeping bans will have unintended consequences.
Still, many restaurant brands appear to be moving ahead with phasing out the plastic implements.
Recipe Unlimited, which has 1,382 restaurants, says compostable and biodegradable straws will automatically be provided with drink orders at its quick serve brands, including the Burgers Priest and St-Hubert. Paper straws will be available on request at its full-service restaurants like the Pickle Barrel, The Keg and Milestones.
Actor-filmmaker Ben Affleck is moving on from his separation from actress Jennifer Garner, and is “dating someone else”. Affleck and Garner have officially filed for divorce, almost two years after they announced their separation in 2015.
According to sources, there's no animosity between Affleck and Garner, reports tmz.com.
“Affleck is dating someone, though not seriously,” said a source.
Another source said that Affleck is “ready to move on”.
The “Batman Begins” actor has moved out of their family home here.
According to tmz.com, the former couple had no pre-nuptial so will now embark on the process of working out the financial details.
It is being reported that their divorce could take over six months due to the amount of property they share.
One year after the flood, the sanctuary of Living Faith Christian Center, once filled with flood waters, was filled with a chorus of voices that lifted up songs and praise.
Their words also lifted up souls still struggling with the memories of that great flood.
As the parish-wide service reflected on what was lost, the thousands of homes and hundreds of businesses, leaders of the faith, and community also reflected on what was gained.
"An enemy tried to divide us; God allowed some water to bring out the best in us," said Pastor Mark Ellis. "Say, ‘You know what, Satan? You're not going to steal that community's identity. That's a community of love. That's a community of resilience. That's the people that's one, that's together.' What the enemy meant for evil, God made it work for our good."
One by one - pastors, first responders, and community leaders - shared their stories of evacuations and rescues and their gratitude to the help that came from within a hurting community.
"On Winbourne Avenue, I saw the most beautiful thing," said Lt. Robert McGartner with the Baton Rouge Police Department. "I have seen people come together. I saw all different color people come together. Nobody was wanting anything, but helping each other."
"We are grateful to the response and all who embraced the true meaning of loving God and loving your neighbor without exception," said East Baton Rouge Mayor-President Sharon Weston Broome.
While leaders, including Gov. John Bel Edwards, admitted that full recovery is still a goal to be reached, they all offered a prayer for hope and strength ahead.
"God will use you as friends to open up the roof and bring healing into someone else's home,” said Pastor Jay Avance.
CONTINUING COVERAGE: Historic Flooding Anniversary
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Cleveland relief ace Andrew Miller gave up a tiebreaking home run for the second straight night — a solo shot to pinch-hitter Kike Hernandez in the eighth inning — and the Los Angeles Dodgers defeated the Indians 6-4 on Wednesday night.
Hernandez, batting for Chase Utley, hit a 1-2 pitch that barely cleared the wall in right field. Hernandez pumped his fist as he rounded first base after his homer gave Los Angeles a 3-2 lead.
Miller (3-2) wore a shocked expression as he walked to the left of the mound after the home run. The left-hander, who has been virtually unhittable, allowed a leadoff homer to Cody Bellinger in the eighth — the first he gave up this season — that broke a tie in the Dodgers' 7-5 win Tuesday.
Miller was charged with four runs in 2/3 of an inning after throwing 25 pitches Tuesday and the Indians (31-31) dropped to .500 for the first time since April 19.
Josh Fields (3-0) allowed Jose Ramirez's game-tying home run in the seventh. Kenley Jansen worked the ninth for his 13th save and second of the series as the Dodgers won their sixth straight.
Indians manager Terry Francona returned to the dugout after being hospitalized for a few hours Tuesday night. He underwent a battery of tests and was released early Wednesday.
Dodgers outfielder Yasiel Puig was in the lineup after appealing his one-game suspension by Major League Baseball for making an obscene gesture to Indians fans on Tuesday night.
Puig, also fined for the incident, was booed in each at-bat and his
two strikeouts brought some of the biggest cheers of the night.
Corey Kluber of the Indians gave up four hits and struck out 10 in seven innings but allowed two runs in the second, a rally that consisted of a walk, a double, two infield hits and Chris Taylor's steal of home that occurred on the back end of a double steal.
Taylor also had a two-run single in the eighth.
Dodgers starter Brandon McCarthy was charged with one run in 5 1/3 innings.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Dodgers: LHP Julio Urias (left shoulder irritation) was placed on the DL at Triple-A Oklahoma City. He was 0-2 with a 5.40 ERA in five starts for Los Angeles.
Indians: 2B Jason Kipnis (neck spasms) was scratched from the lineup and replaced by Erik Gonzalez.
UP NEXT
Dodgers: LHP Rich Hill is 1-0 with a 2.57 ERA in three road starts this season. He made 63 relief appearances for Cleveland in 2013.
Indians: RHP Josh Tomlin is tied for the major league lead with eight losses to go with three wins.
Comments
comments
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Police are trying to identify two men who they say threatened a family at gunpoint in a home invasion and robbery in Queens.
It happened just before 7:30 p.m. Sunday at an apartment building on Norman Street.
Police said two men walked up to a 38-year-old man in the lobby of his building. One of them pulled out a gun while the other put the victim in a chokehold, police said.
The first suspect then went up the victim's apartment, where police said he forced his way inside at gunpoint, threatened the man's 30-year-old wife and their 7-year-old son. He then demanded money and car keys and fled with $1,300 in cash, credit cards and the keys to the victims' black 2017 Audi A6, according to police.
The two then fled in the car and were last seen heading east on Norman Street. The victims were not hurt.
Investigators say one of the suspects was seen on surveillance video. Police describe him as a 20-year-old Hispanic man, who is about 5'8″ tall and 140 pounds with a thin build and short, curly black hair with a beard. They say he was wearing a black shirt and jeans and was armed with the gun.
The second suspect is also described by police as a 20-year-old Hispanic man, 5'6″ tall and 150 pounds with short, straight brown hair. He was last seen wearing a black shirt and jeans.
Anyone with information is asked to call the NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477) or for Spanish, 1-888-57-PISTA (74782), visit www.nypdcrimestoppers.com or text tips to 274637 (CRIMES) then enter TIP577.
Professor Motti Ravid, director of the Mayanei Hayeshua hospital in Bnei Brak, has made it clear that the condition of Rabbi Aharon Leib Shteinman was critical and deteriorating.
Interviewed by Israel Defense Forces Radio, Professor Ravid said, "There is no hope of recovery. Medically there is nothing more to be done."
Read more
Last month, demonstrators took to the streets of Los Angeles to call for protections for undocumented immigrants after Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program would be repealed (AFP Photo/DAVID MCNEW)
Los Angeles (AFP) - California became the first "sanctuary state" for undocumented immigrants Friday, a decision criticized by the Trump administration which believes the move will compromise security.
California's governor, Democrat Jerry Brown, signed the landmark legislation -- Senate Bill 54 (SB54) -- which grants better protections to people who are in the US without permission, including those who have committed crimes.
It also limits cooperation between local police forces and federal authorities in operations to track down undocumented immigrants.
The legislation, which will come into effect on January 1, 2018, is part of a series of laws which protect the almost 3 million undocumented immigrants living in California -- most of whom are from Mexico and Central America.
Brown insisted in his signing statement the measure will not "prevent or prohibit Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) or the Department of Homeland Security from doing their own work in any way" -- but it will stop local authorities from assisting.
"They are free to use their own considerable resources to enforce federal immigration law in California," he wrote, adding that the new legislation will not deny ICE access to prisons.
But in a statement, ICE acting director Tom Homan responded: "The governor is simply wrong."
The law will "undermine public safety and hinder ICE from performing its federally mandated mission," Homan said.
"Ultimately, SB54 (...) creates another magnet for more illegal immigration," he insisted, adding ICE will have "no choice but to conduct at-large arrests in local neighborhoods and at worksites, which will inevitably result in additional collateral arrests."
ICE said it will also likely send immigrants arrested in California to detention centers outside of the state, "far from any family they may have in California."
A number of cities in California, such as Los Angeles and San Francisco, have already banned police officers from collaborating with ICE on operations to capture undocumented immigrants.
Last week, ICE detained 450 undocumented immigrants in the United States -- 101 of whom were in Los Angeles.
The bill signed into law by Brown also includes assistance for students and measures to combat abuse of tenants.
To stimulate “transformational change” in key social sectors, the NITI Aayog would provide strategic, technical and implementation support to three states in education and health.
The three states to be offered institutional support would be short-listed by July, the NITI Aayog said on Thursday.
The initiative defines a new dimension for cooperative federalism as the government's premier think-tank would not only offer policy inputs to the states but would actively aid implementation of its recommendations.
“Five states have been short-listed in each sector which would further go through the screening process and three states would be finally selected for both education and health sectors,” NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant told reporters here.
A statement issued by the NITI Aayog said that under the SATH (Sustainable Action for Transforming Human Capital) initiative, it will collaborate with its knowledge partners to hand-hold the selected states through a time-bound and outcome-oriented process.
“Transformative change in social sector is challenging as the pace is slow, as compared to the infrastructure sector.
“The issues are multi-layered and complex, involving both governance and building capacity of human capital,” the policy think-tank said.
During the initial screening process, a committee comprising of Kant, NITI Member Bibek Debroy, NITI advisers and representatives of the respective ministries vetted presentations by 14 states for each of the two social sectors.
During the presentations, the states tried to justify why they should be selected for the institutional support being offered by the NITI Aayog by showcasing the initiatives undertaken by them so far and their willingness to accelerate improvement.
The five states short-listed for health sector include Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Assam, Karnataka and Gujarat. In education, the short-listed states are Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Andhra Pradesh.
“In both sectors, the states have to commit to a time-bound focus, governance reforms and delivery of outcomes for final selection for the partnership,” the statement said.
After final selection of the states, a Programme Management Unit to push for efficiency in governance structures and service delivery will be available at the state-level for a period of 30 months, it added.
“It is expected that this focused attention and support from the premier think-tank will lead to a marked transformation and will also provide a model for other states to replicate and adapt.”
An East Bay community is putting out a warning to drivers Monday night as dozens of tires have been destroyed by nails in Concord.Neighbors along San Miguel road say they believe someone is dropping them on purpose.A water bottle holds nails collected by the manager of Concord's Towne and Country mobile home park.Residents will attest to the proliferation of tire popping objects in the area of San Miguel Road."They've been roofing nails. They've been screws. They've been regular nails. They've been thumbtacks," said Concord resident Darren Valtr. "Just a whole lot of anything that will make you tires pop."Valtr says the problem started a couple of years ago.He's spent $480 to repair tires."They've filed police reports. They've tried putting cameras up and we just can't figure out who is doing it," said Valtr.Someone posted a warning on the local blog Claycord.com saying the nail thrower is back The park's manager confirms three recent flat tire complaints. He documented around 50 incidents in 2015."Yeah I got a couple flats right here and up the hill there a bit," said Concord resident Nina Wolfgramm.She says her tires were gouged last year but she didn't report it. Later, she learned someone who lives nearby may be responsible."The person probably thinks it's funny at least that's what I heard," Wolfgramm added. "But it's not. It's going into other people's money, other people's wallets. it's not coming out of their pocket."Police say they haven't received any recent complaints about nails in the roadway.
HOUSTON, TX – Daseke, one of the largest providers of open-deck capacity in North America, is preparing to trade on the NASDAQ stock exchange with the support of a merger with Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp.
“The size of the open deck transportation market is US $130 billion a year, and we are building a company focused on meeting the evolving needs of those customers. Our strategy as a public company, and having our employees as owners, will help take our journey to the next level. We have proudly brought together a family of many of the top-rated open deck operating companies; we look forward to more outstanding companies joining our family as we grow," says Don Daseke, president and Chief Executive Officer of the business which bears his name.
Daseke recorded US $650 million in revenue last year, compared to $30 million in 2009. It has a fleet of more than 3,000 tractors and 6,000 flatbed and specialized trailers.
Hennessy is described as a “blank check” company, and would secure a minority position under the new deal. Existing Daseke shareholders would still hold about 60% of the publicly traded company, and there are no plans for related management changes, Daseke says. Main Street Capital would exit its equity position in Daseke after being repaid an existing debt investment.
The transaction is still subject to regulatory and stockholder approvals, but those involved in the merger believe it will be completed in the first quarter of this year.
Neiman Marcus will issue bonds to pay its debt, reports the Dallas Morning News. Banks are scaling back on lending, according to Business Insider. These are among today's must reads from around the commercial real estate industry.
MODESTO, Calif. (AP) — A Northern California city has agreed to pay $2.65 million to the family of a mentally ill Gulf War veteran fatally shot by police in 2014 after his family called 911.
The Sacramento Bee reports Tuesday the agreement between the city of Lodi and the family of Parminder Singh Shergill settles a federal lawsuit the family filed accusing the officers of excessive force.
Shergill was killed after his sister-in-law called 911 and said he was a paranoid schizophrenic who was "going crazy" and was attacking his mother. Shergill's family says he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder after participating in Operation Desert Storm in the 1990s.
Officers fatally shot Shergill as he walked through his neighborhood after they said he charged at them with a knife. Shergill's family disputes that account.
___
Information from: The Sacramento Bee, http://www.sacbee.com
Transcript for Jeff Sessions speaks out on DOJ investigation into Charlottesville attack
Joining us is attorney general Jeff sessions. Mr. Attorney general, thanks for being here this morning. Thank you. We did learn overnight that the vice president has now condemned the violence in charlottesville saying we have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-nazis or the kkk. These dangerous fringe group, he says, has no place in America. When will we hear President Trump actually single out those groups by name? He said that yesterday, his spokesman did and his initial statement on this roundly and unequivocally condemned hatred and violence and bigotry. He called on our people to work together and in community and in love and affection and not in hatred and violence. I'm sure he'll talk again, maybe today, on this very subject. He cares about it deeply. He as his attorney general, I understand exactly what I'm expected to do. It's what I will do and that is to vindicate the rule of law. You did say that the president did speak out over the weekend but he did not single out these groups by name. It was an unnamed White House official who said that. I do want to ask you, part of his reaction was that there was hatred on many sides. On many sides he added a second time. There was immediate reaction from those puzzled. This was a white nationalist rally. What sides was he talking about here? Racism, white supremacy is totally unacceptable. I think the president talked about the problems in America in that first statement had been going on a long time. He said before Donald Trump before Barack Obama, a long time. I think that's the kind of thing he was referring to. But he was talking to the -- but he was -- He was unequivocal -- He was talking to the nation about a white nationalist rally. He was talking to the nation about a white nationalist rally and in dog so he talked about the hatred on many sides. He explicitly condemned the kind of ideology behind these movements of naziism, white supremacy, the kkk, that is his unequivocal position. He totally opposes this kind of values and his statement yesterday again affirmed that and I think you'll hear that again today. As you know, attorney general, it's not just reporters like me, there are a growing number of Republicans that says the president needs to be doing more, Marco Rubio, orrin hatch, do you agree this was domestic terror? It does meet the definition of it in our statute. We are pursuing it when the department of just cyst in every way that we can make a case. You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation toward the most serious charges that can be brought because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America. So absolutely that is a factor that we'll be looking at. You have said the president will speak out again on this and there was senator Cory Gardner of Colorado who said this -- Call this white supremeicism, this white nationalism evil and let the country hear it, let the world hear it. It's something that needs to come from the oval office and this white house needs to do it today. A Republican senator from Colorado. Is that coming now from the president? Well, the president, I suspect, will be talking to the country again soon. Maybe today. I plan to meet with him today and the FBI today will be meeting with him to brief him on the case. He takes it exceedingly seriously and there's no doubt about it. He opposes this kind of radical racist bigotry that these organizations espouse. You talk about this as an opportunity to come together on this front. This is a president as you know who is known for his blunt talk. For a week now we've been reporting on the war of words with North Korea. Many Americans could likely quote that line, his warning of fire and fury. He was so clear on North Korea and even as a candidate he said this -- To solve a problem you have to be able to state what the problem is or at least say the name. Will he say the name of these groups? Well, he will say what he believes is appropriate. I think he probably will. His spokesman already said that yesterday. I fully expect him to say it again. The initial statement he gave was within just a few hours of the event occurring and I believe it was very strong and a clear condemnation of racial bigotry and hatred and white supremacy was certainly included in bigotry and hatred so I think the president will be there. He is a strong leader. He's an outspoken leader. He expresses himself in clear and blunt terms and the American people elected him. I think that was one of the things they liked about him. And I think he'll be honest and direct with the American people as soon as he talks to them again. We are. We are thinking about those two families of the state trooper and that mother of that young woman who was killed this morning. Mr. Attorney general, thank you for being here. Thank you, David. Cannot forget this family was are in mourning here this morning. But, again, you said it and even Jeff sessions said it. The president has always been very clear and very blunt. He has not been to this point and it's just inexcusable to many he hasn't. The question is if and when.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
You can still help the idealists in the City of the Patriarchs develop and maintain the thriving Jewish presence there.
The last day of the Hevron Fund raffle is Wednesday afternoon February 15th with proceeds going to help the Jewish Community of Hevron.
The fundraising drive helps provide assistance for the residents of the historic city with funds going toward parks and playgrounds, ambulances, and upgraded facilities that benefit families, visitors and IDF soldiers stationed in the city.
The raffle coincidentally coincides with Open Shuhada Street week, sponsored by the Youth Against 'Settlements' movement. For the past eight years, the group has organized protests, some of them violent, demanding that the main thoroughfare for the Jewish neighborhoods in Hevron be open to traffic from Palestinian Authority residents. Officially recognized as King David Street, it is known in Arabic as Shuhada, or Martyrs Street.
It has been shut to PA traffic intermittently since the mid 1990s by the Israel Defense Force and government to prevent terrorist attacks. Numerous attacks occurred on or near the street, including the murder of Gadi Levy and his pregnant wife Dina who were killed in an explosion in 2003. After years of court wrangling, the Supreme Court finally ruled that the closure was necessary to prevent loss of human life in 2011.
Ironically, while internationally funded agitators use King David Street as an example of "Israeli apartheid," it is the Jewish community that is restricted from accessing most of the city. Hevron is divided into H1, under PA jurisdiction, and H2 under Israeli jurisdiction, and Israelis are forbidden to cross over from H2 as this would put their lives in immediate danger. In contrast, PA residents, though they must pass through checkpoints, can move back and forth with impunity.
Ein Sarah street, where the Sarah's Spring archaeological site is located is off limits for Jews, as is the Elonei Mamre excavation, and other historic locations. Even holy sites within H2 are open only on special occasions, such as the Tomb of Avner Ben Ner, and the bustling Casbah area where Jewish people once lived prior to the 1929 massacre when Arabs turned on their unarmed Jewish neighbors and cruelly butchered men, women and children.
The Jewish community of Hevron is located in what is termed the Old City by PA residents. But the majority of Hevron is a bustling metropolis which accounts for nearly 40% of the PA economy. Hevron has two multi-story shopping centers, a 4,000-seat sports area, and numerous large factories that employ thousands. There is even an official outlet of the US Kentucky Fried Chicken franchise, located on Ein Sarah Street.
Despite the inequalities and a biased media, the Jewish Community of Hevron is thriving. There is a high rate of volunteerism and community involvement, and a low to zero rate of crime and unemployment. People find Hevron to be a meaningful place to raise families and report a high quality of life and a sense of living for a purpose.
But the community still needs help with many facilities needing funds for upkeep, educational programs and ways to accommodate the hundreds of thousands of people who make pilgrimages to the city every year.
For more information on the Hebron Fund raffle, click here: https://hebronfund.org/support/hebron-fund-raffle
Nigeria's government has proposed closing the airport in its capital, Abuja, for six weeks to repair runways that some airlines have described as dangerous.
The government wants to close Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, the country's second busiest, for most of February and March. Work by German construction company Julius Berger will continue after the airport reopens and is expected to take six months.
Flights would be diverted for six weeks to Kaduna city, which is 250 kilometers (155 miles) from Abuja on a road frequented by bandits.
A government statement Monday says officials will meet stakeholders on Thursday, realizing the "high level of discomfort and inconvenience" the closure of one of West Africa's busiest airports will cause.
We closed out last week with a fantastic list of paid iPhone and iPad apps on sale for free. Well guess what: we're picking up right where we left off. Monday's post covering the day's best premium iOS apps on sale for free includes several sweet offerings like one of the best iOS games of all time (Infinity Blade II), an app that transforms any iPhone into an accurate heart rate monitor, and plenty more. But as always, these sales could end at any time so be sure to check them out as soon as you can.
Don't Miss: Report may reveal another new iPhone 8 feature never before seen on any iPhone
These are paid iPhone and iPad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers. There is no way to tell how long they will be free. These sales could end an hour from now or a week from now — obviously, the only thing we can guarantee is that they were free at the time this post was written. If you click on a link and see a price listed next to an app instead of the word “get,” it is no longer free. The sale has ended. If you download the app, you will be charged.
Normally $0.99.
Take a deep dive into your iPhone/iPad to see whats going on inside. System Activity Monitor App, is an iOS activity monitor that provides a unique Dashboard view for for all of iOS devices. It is the best activity monitor of its kind for iOS devices.
The app monitors iOS activity like MEMORY USAGE, BATTERY LIFE, Used Space, and device information. GREAT visuals like Dashboard view, LED indicator, 3D BAR charts, battery charging animation, LED flashing charger, battery health check, provides you a rich visual views of your iOS device internals, like you have never seen before.
$$ Over a million satisfied users of our apps $$
## Few of our user TESTIMONIALS ##
$ Way cool
This is a terrific system tracker.
– Macquest
$ Definitely get this App.!
Love the cool dashboard. Tells you what's going on in the Apple brain in your iPad or iPhone. This App rules.
– Battyguy
$ Simple App !
Great tool! Helps to keep your standby time ridiculously long and device running smoothly.
– Spader1969.
$ I have tried many products like this one and so far I keep coming back to this one.
– Markeith3000
$ System Max
The best and easiest app out there for really knowing what's happening in this little box.
– by Dkievit
The System Activity Monitor, is the most comprehensive all-in-one health check app. on the App store, that monitors memory usage, battery performance, device information like IP address and hardware address, and used space on the iOS device.
You can use this app to accurately monitor your battery life, monitor memory in use, and used and free space. By appropriately charging the battery using this app to full charge, you can get a good battery life.
KEY FEATURES:
1. Battery tips are shown to help save battery life while using the iPhone.
2. Tap battery to see the battery capacity for your favorite apps.
3. Shows the used and free space on your iPhone/iPod.
4. Shows the IP address acquired, and hardware address of your device.
5. Displays a long list of device information, like physical specs, hardware info, and many more.
These are the different views on the App.
Memory view:
Shows the used and free iPhone memory available as used by other apps. This is shown in an excellent speedometer animation view. Double tap home button, and see other apps in use. Close out the other apps, and see the memory being reclaimed in this app, when the speedometer shows the free memory available increase.
This has an LED indicator with BLUE, GREEN, YELLOW and RED colors indicating the severity of memory being used.
Double tap the speedometer, to see a 3D bar view of the different break up of the memory used. Like, Free, Wired, Active and Inactive memory of your iOS device.
Battery view:
This view shows the battery available for discharge, how much time to recharge to make it full, and when it is charged to FULL, displays an indication, as “FULLY CHARGED”, as opposed to quick charge. It has glow panels on the top to let you know, how much battery is available. LIGHT GREEN, GREEN, and RED indicators on battery available.
Tap the battery on the fill, to show the detailed break up of battery availability for 3G talk time, browsing, videos, games etc.
Animated battery charging with current flashes inside the battery.
Space used view:
This is shown as a pie-chart that presents the used and free space available on your iOS device.
Info view:
Now it shows a lot more device information, like system information, camera information, display, hardware and physical characteristics. It shows whether you device is connected to Wi-Fi or cellular and its IP address.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File). FILE - In this Aug. 15, 2016 file photo, three of Deepwater Wind's five turbines stand in the water off Block Island, R.I, the nation's first offshore wind farm. Deepwater Wind said Wednesday, May 30, 2018, it will creat...
By JENNIFER McDERMOTT
Associated Press
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation's first offshore wind farm.
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs in Rhode Island.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering 1,200 megawatts of energy, enough to power about 600,000 homes.
The company also built the nation's first offshore wind farm off Block Island, Rhode Island. It has five turbines. This latest project will have up to 50 turbines south of Martha's Vineyard.
Deepwater Wind's CEO says it will be "an enormous clean energy machine."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
July 4th is a generally more festive American holiday — with cookouts, parades, parties and fireworks — than other patriotic holidays, such as Memorial Day or Veterans Day.
Most people forget that when the Declaration of Independence was drafted and signed, on or about July 4th, 1776, it was both a revolutionary and a somber occasion. It was revolutionary in being the first political doctrine in human history to assert that the rights of the people come from God, and not the state — which made those rights natural, absolute and “unalienable.”
But it was a somber occasion because in 1776 the odds of success in separating from Britain were dismal. There was simply no way the irregular and poorly trained colonial army could prevail against the far greater number of disciplined forces of British army and navy. Great Britain was the most powerful nation on Earth, while the 13 American colonies were disunited and relatively poor.
While George Washington was an impressive leader, things looked grim for the Continental Army in the months following the Declaration of Independence. In the first major engagement Washington's army was defeated and forced to retreat by British General William Howe, who captured the prize of New York in September 1776.
The following month in October 1776, the British defeated the Americans at the Battle of White Plains. After that rout, the only point on Manhattan Island still held by the Americans was Fort Washington. But that didn't last.
In the early morning of November 15, 1776, the British were joined by German Hessian soldiers, and the Americans were completely overwhelmed — barricaded inside of Fort Washington — with the British and Hessians firing unceasingly on them. By the time the Americans surrendered, they had lost 2,900 soldiers, nearly six times the casualties of British and Germans.
General Washington was desperate to turn things around, and he finally led victorious campaigns in the Battle of Trenton and Princeton in December 1776 and January 1777. But these were followed by reversals and defeat, such as at the Battle of Brandywine. And just weeks later, General Washington was once again outmaneuvered and humiliated by British General Howe, who succeeded in the ultimate symbolic victory of marching his British troops into Philadelphia in September of 1777, literally occupying what was then America's first capital — the city of the signing of the Declaration and the seat of the Continental Congress.
And while the British were settling in, expropriating and inhabiting the homes of wealthy Philadelphians, 30 miles away George Washington was regrouping with his sick, weary and underfed troops in drafty tents during the cold winter of 1778 at Valley Forge. But as fate would have it, the hardship experienced at Valley Forge was a turning point of the War for Independence, for it was here that Washington, in desperation, sought God's intervention.
The Diary of Nathaniel Snowden recounts the testimony of an eye-witness observer, who by chance encountered George Washington alone on his knees praying loudly in the snowy woods of Valley Forge. Snowden's account of Washington's prayer at that dark hour of the revolutionary struggle depicts him as beseeching “God's deliverance of aid for the cause of the country, humanity and the world.” Indeed, Washington placed everything on the line for the cause as did the 56 signatories of the Declaration of Independence, citing in the last sentence of that document that “with firm Reliance on the Protection of divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes, and our sacred Honor.”
Related Articles This Independence Day, celebrate America by defending voting rights
Re-declaring the Declaration of Independence
It's ‘like, literally amazing' how sloppy language has become
Supreme Court gave free speech life with pregnancy center decision
The California Republican Party's long slide into irrelevance Without Washington's leadership, unrelenting perseverance, and reliance on the Almighty, the Declaration would probably have come to naught, with the subsequent revolution almost certainly failing.
The Declaration of Independence, which we celebrate on July 4th, is not just what gave political birth to the United States, with its unique emphasis on limited government and the freedom for its citizens. It was the ensuing Constitution — drafted after the colonial army secured a final victory over the British at Yorktown — that provided a legal structure to implement the ideas in the Declaration in the form of a rule of law emphasizing accountability to the people. And that is what enabled the nation to prosper like no other in human history, becoming a “shining city on a hill” — the consequence of which was an amazing ascendance from colonial poverty to global superpower in less than 200 years.
America now faces the greatest scandal of abuse of power in its history. And while times have change in that regard, principles have not. May this July 4th be a special time, hopefully a turning point, for Americans to demand the prosecution of corruption in government and also to renew their appreciation of accountable and limited government.
Scott Powell is senior fellow at the Discovery Institute in Seattle. Reach him at scottp@discovery.org.
Warner Bros.
When we last checked in on The Batman — the standalone Batman movie co-written, directed by, and starring Ben Affleck and co-starring Joe Manganiello as Deathstroke — it was switching release dates with the second Justice League movie. That gave The Batman an earlier release date in the summer of 2019. After the announcement, Affleck seemed enthusiastic about the earlier deadline, telling Variety that “everything is coming together” and adding, “We're still finishing up a script. I'm very excited.”
But Affleck now doesn't seem as assured with the schedule in a long, wide-ranging new interview released on New Year's Day. Affleck spoke to The Guardian while promoting Live By Night and had this to say when asked about directing The Batman.
“That's the idea. But it's not a set thing and there's no script. If it doesn't come together in a way I think is really great I'm not going to do it.”
A hundred Warner execs just felt their bowels drop to the floor, and it's not just New Year's hangover colon.
Ask him why he took the Batman role and he replies with characteristic honesty that he did it for his son. “Sam thinks his dad is Batman,” he laughs. “That's an incredible feeling.”
Wait, so he didn't want his son to think he's Daredevil?
(Via The Guardian and Variety)
PARIS (AP) — Paris Saint-Germain is dreaming big, just like its motto says.
The French club, desperate to join Europe's elite since Qatari owners QSI took over six years ago, made an eye-catching breakthrough in the Champions League on Tuesday, routing Barcelona 4-0 in the first leg of the last 16.
"This was the best performance I've been part of since coming to PSG," said midfielder Blaise Matuidi, one of QSI's first signings after its takeover in June 2011.
In the years since the new ownership came in, PSG has pumped hundreds of millions of euros (dollars) into acquiring big-name coaches and big-name players, including Thiago Silva, Edinson Cavani, Angel Di Maria and Julian Draxler.
QSI also launched an advertising campaign with the motto "Revons Plus Grand," French for "Let's Dream Bigger."
It hasn't always worked out, though.
In the past four seasons, PSG has dominated in France but has failed to reach even the semifinals of the Champions League. Twice the team lost to Barcelona, in 2013 and '15, in the quarterfinals and then again last year to Manchester City.
The result of European frustration has led to swift and ruthless change, with coach Laurent Blanc fired in the offseason despite winning back-to-back domestic trebles.
His successor, Unai Emery, was hand-picked by PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi, who liked what he saw in the Sevilla side that Emery guided to three straight Europa League titles.
That team played with passion, total commitment and relentless energy, and the Spanish coach has allied those qualities to a PSG team with considerably more individual talent than Sevilla.
After a difficult start, his methods are working well.
___
NO IBRA, MORE TEAMWORK
Zlatan Ibrahimovic's departure to Manchester United before the season left a huge void — one that PSG has filled with more teamwork.
When Ibrahimovic played, everything revolved around him. He was given such freedom by then-coach Carlo Ancelotti and by Blanc that he roamed wherever he wanted.
While the Swede was a prolific scorer, the loose way he played often unbalanced PSG and made the side predictable against better European opposition.
With the unselfish Edinson Cavani as the main striker, PSG is much harder working. And Cavani has stepped up with 34 goals this season.
Ibrahimovic also hardly ever defended, while Cavani tracks back to support his teammates.
___
EMERY'S TACTICS
The team Emery picked against Barcelona was brave and innovative.
He dropped Brazilian winger Lucas, one of his best players, and recalled the inconsistent Angel Di Maria — who scored twice.
But it was Emery's midfield formation that really caught the eye and earmarked him as a clever strategist.
Switching from the 4-3-3 formation he usually deploys, Emery went for a 4-2-3-1 with Adrien Rabiot and Marco Verratti as the holding pair and with Blaise Matuidi pushing up almost as a playmaker.
Matuidi is usually either a holding or a wide midfielder, but Emery used him as a thrusting spearhead where his relentless energy and ability to time late runs behind the defense caused havoc.
___
HOMEGROWN TALENT
As the final whistle blew at Parc des Princes, three homegrown PSG players joined in the celebrations.
Center back Presnel Kimpembe had marked Barcelona star Lionel Messi out of the game and Adrien Rabiot had won his midfield battle against Sergio Busquets. Midfielder Christopher Nkunku came on for the last 20 minutes.
Kempembe and Rabiot are both 21, while Nkunku is 19. All three grew up in the Paris region and came through the club's youth ranks.
While Ancelotti and Blanc rarely trusted homegrown players, offloading central defender Mamadou Sakho to Liverpool and winger Kingsley Coman to Juventus, Emery has great faith in them.
Kimpembe is an athletic defender who reads the game well and is strong in the air. The graceful Rabiot has great composure on the ball, a dangerous shot from outside the box and is a perceptive passer.
Homegrown players also give the club a stronger local identity because fans feel like they're watching one of their own, rather than only imported stars.
___
KEEPING VERRATTI
The diminutive Marco Verratti is the heartbeat of the side and PSG has done well to keep him, despite interest from Real Madrid.
The 24-year-old Italy midfielder is a great organizer and sets the tempo for PSG's game with quick-thinking and crisp passing.
He has an excellent passing range, whether short or long, and he regularly creates chances with his defense-splitting passes.
All he needs to add now is goals, with only five in 185 games since joining from Italian side Pescara five years ago.
President Donald Trump started his day with French President Emmanuel Macron bashing the Iran nuclear deal as "insane" and "ridiculous," but hours later at a joint press conference, both leaders floated the idea of a "new" Iran deal.
Interested in Iran? Add Iran as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Iran news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
While Tehran has repeatedly ruled out any new agreement, it is possible that after months of negotiations, Trump and Macron have come that much closer to a side agreement between the U.S. and European signatories to the nuclear deal.
"The discussions we've had together made it possible to open the way, to pave the way for a new agreement," Macron said during their press conference, adding that this proposed agreement would tackle Iran's nuclear activity in the short and long term, its ballistic missile program, and its influence in Syria, Yemen, Lebanon, and Iraq.
"I think we will have a great shot at doing a much bigger maybe-deal, maybe-not-deal," Trump added. "We're going to find out, but we'll know fairly soon."
Is some sort of grand deal in the works? It's unclear. But so far, the U.S. has only been hammering out an agreement with German, French, and British diplomats to find fixes to what Trump sees as the Iran deal's flaws ahead of a self-imposed May 12 deadline – or else Trump will let sanctions snap back against Iran and possibly destroy the deal.
TRUMP'S DEMANDS FOR THE DEAL
The clock has been ticking towards that May 12 deadline after Trump waived sanctions in January. He warned that this – his fourth extension of the deal – would be the last unless European allies worked with the U.S. to fix those deficiencies. The next sanctions waivers will have to be signed May 12, or else certain sanctions automatically snap back.
"Either fix the deal's disastrous flaws, or the United States will withdraw," Trump said in a statement at the time. "This is a last chance."
In particular, he demanded that European allies agree to sanctions on Iran's ballistic missile program, ramping up inspections of all Iranian sites, and eliminating expiration dates for the limits on Iran's enrichment levels.
"In the absence of such an agreement, the United States will not again waive sanctions in order to stay in the Iran nuclear deal. And if at any time I judge that such an agreement is not within reach, I will withdraw from the deal immediately," Trump said. "No one should doubt my word."
WHERE TALKS WITH EUROPEANS STAND
Since that announcement, French, German, and British diplomats have been meeting with a State Department team to negotiate that side agreement.
Led by the State Department's policy planning director Brian Hook, the U.S. team has met the Europeans on three occasions and held more discussions via teleconference, according to the State Department.
A senior State Department official told reporters Sunday that it's still "too early to tell" if they will be able to reach an agreement. Both sides have said there is consensus on ballistic missiles and inspections, but they are stuck on the expiration dates – what are sometimes known as "sunset clauses."
This kind of side agreement would face another hurdle -- the European Union. Although a high-level European Union representative has been attending their meetings as an observer, according to a State Department official, the parties may have to turn around after they reach consensus and then try to get EU-wide support for it. Only if all member countries agree can EU sanctions move forward, and Italy, in particular, is reportedly still skeptical.
But even if the Europeans and U.S. parties come together, it's unclear whether Trump will accept their progress as enough. On Sunday, the senior official would only say, "The President will be presented with a range of options so that he can make a decision."
WHAT COULD HAPPEN NEXT
"Nobody knows what I'm going to do on the 12th," Trump said Tuesday. "Although, Mr. President, you have a pretty good idea," he added to Macron, just moments after the French president said, "I do not know what President Trump will decide regarding the JCPOA." JCPOA is an acronym for the deal's formal name, the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.
While the goal of the side agreement would be to contain Iran's "malign" activities but keep the Iran nuclear deal in place, Trump actually seemed interested in getting rid of the old deal entirely because of its "decayed foundation": "It's a bad deal. It's a bad structure. It's falling down."
In its ashes, he seems to expect a new deal would arise: "We'll see also, if I do what some people expect, whether or not it will be possible to do a new deal with solid foundations."
HOW IRAN MAY RESPOND
But the Iranians have long said there will be no new deal.
"You reach an agreement, you keep that agreement, you implement that agreement. You don't ask for more," Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif told National Public Radio's Steve Inskeep Tuesday, accusing the U.S. of violating its side of the deal.
Iran may restart its nuclear program if the U.S. withdraws, Zarif said Sunday, telling CBS News, "Obviously the rest of the world cannot ask us to unilaterally and one-sidedly implement a deal that has already been broken." But Iran will never pursue a nuclear weapon, he added.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani had even tougher words, warning Tuesday of "severe consequences" if the U.S. withdraws.
"I am telling those in the White House that if they do not live up to their commitments, the Iranian government will firmly react," Rouhani said in a speech broadcast live on state television.
A look at what's happening all around the majors Thursday:
___
SURGING SALE
Red Sox ace Chris Sale goes for his eighth straight win and ninth of the season in the finale of a three-game series at Philadelphia. It would tie Sale, 7-0 in his last eight starts, with Houston's Dallas Keuchel (9-0), Kansas City's Jason Vargas (9-3) and the Los Angeles Dodgers' Clayton Kershaw (9-2) for the major league lead in wins.
STAYING UNBEATEN
Colorado rookie Jeff Hoffman will look for his fifth straight win when the Rockies host San Francisco in the opener of a seven-game homestand. Hoffman is 4-0 with a 2.10 ERA in four starts.
SIXTH MAN
With the New York Mets using a six-man rotation during a long stretch between days off, Robert Gsellman gets another start in the opener of a four-game series against NL East-leading Washington. After making two relief appearances, the rookie right-hander is 3-0 with a 2.16 ERA in four starts. He faces Nationals lefty Gio Gonzalez, who is 9-1 with a 1.62 ERA in 14 starts at Citi Field.
FIRST START
Matt Strahm makes his first career start in the opener of Kansas City's four-game series at the Los Angeles Angels. The left-hander was 1-3 with a 4.05 ERA in 20 appearances out of the bullpen this season.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The city of Lake Forest has awarded more than $56 million in contracts, representing the bulk of the construction for its future Civic Center.
The City Council approved 22 contracts for jobs ranging from installing utilities, plumbing and landscaping to roofing, finishing carpentry and painting walls.
Only a couple of contracts, including for furniture and some additional landscaping work, still need to be arranged.
A community center is planned as part of Lake Forest's new Civic Center. The community center will have a large multipurpose room and a seperate conference center nearby with a covered courtyard in between. (Courtesy of the city of Lake Forest)
The city of Lake Forest went with a craftsman style for its new Civic Center, which will start construction soon now that the bulk of the contracts have been awarded. (Courtesy of the city of Lake Forest)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
The city of Lake Forest has awarded 22 contracts, the bulk of the work needed, for its new Civic Center. (Courtesy of the city of Lake Forest)
A large clock tower is one of the design features of the new Civic Center in Lake Forest. The city has awarded the bullk of the contracts for the construction, which is expected to be finished late summer of 2019. (Courtesy of the city of Lake Forest)
City officials have said the design of the Civic Center is meant to reflect the community and its natural landscapes. (Courtesy of the City of Lake Forest)
The Lake Forest Civic Center project includes a senior center, seen here, a City Hall, a council chamber that can also be used as a theater and a community center. (Courtesy of city of Lake Forest)
A view of the Lake Forest Civic Center property before construction started. (Couresty of the city of Lake Forest)
With all the work that has been secured, city staffers are getting noticeably excited, Councilwoman Leah Basile said.
“It becomes official,” she said of all the hard work staff members have put into planning what has been dubbed the city's “100-Year Home.” “They have invested so much time making sure this is done well, to finally see it get to this point. It is exciting.”
Plans for the four-building, eight-acre Civic Center include the City Hall with a police station, council chambers that will double as a performing arts theater, a community center and a senior center. The parking deck, which will be topped with solar panels, is almost complete, officials said.
Construction is expected to take 525 days, finishing by late summer 2019.
The project has an $80 million budget, being paid for with the fees collected from builders – they also funded the city's $83.5 million sports park and rec center.
“It will be built and paid for debt free,” Assistant City Manager Keith Neves reminded the council, also telling them last week the project is trending to “come within the original approved budget.”
City staff is acting as the general contractor for the project to help save money.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Sales of new US homes jumped 4 percent in March, propelled by a surge of buying in the West.
Here are some things to watch for heading into Game 1:
JAMES' SHOT: James isn't ready to make any bold predictions about how great he might be in his eighth straight Finals.
There's no doubt in his mind he will be ready when the ball tips.
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," James said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
NO REST FOR THE WEARY: With only two days between games after the Warriors eliminated the Rockets 101-92 on Monday night, Draymond Green is happy to have an opponent in Cleveland he knows so well.
"In recent years we've been kind of having a week off, at most, to prepare for the Finals. It's almost a day to prepare this time," he said. "So it definitely helps to know the opponent, knowing, obviously, everything stops and starts with LeBron, and trying to do what we can to make things tough on him, but also take other guys out of the game."
The Cavs finished their series Sunday at Boston, so James spent a relaxing Memorial Day Monday with family having a barbecue.
INJURY WOES: Both teams face significant injury concerns: Golden State defensive stopper and 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala was ruled out for Game 1 with a bone bruise in his left knee, while Love remains in the NBA's concussion protocol with his status uncertain.
GOLDEN STATE AMONG GREATEST: James considers Golden State among the greatest teams ever, and insists each side has earned this. James is ignoring the critics who say this annual matchup might be bad for basketball.
"Teams have had their opportunities to beat the Cavs over the last four years and teams have had opportunities to beat the Warriors over the last four years," James said. "If you want to see somebody else in the post-season then you've got to beat 'em."
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Janie McCauley, The Associated Press
GRETNA, La. (AP) — The Latest on a Louisiana man whose conviction in a 1979 rape case was thrown out after he spent close to four decades behind bars (all times local):
2:35 p.m.
A Louisiana man imprisoned for nearly four decades is free after being cleared in a 1979 rape.
Fifty-eight-year-old Malcolm Alexander's conviction and life sentence were thrown out Tuesday by a state judge in Gretna, a New Orleans suburb. Prosecutors moved to dismiss the charge and, hours later, Alexander was released from the Jefferson Parish jail.
Judge June Darensburg threw out the conviction after defense attorneys argued Alexander's trial lawyer had failed to point out that the victim had been doubtful when she identified Alexander as her attacker.
According to lawyers with the New York-based Innocence Project, DNA evidence also bolstered the argument that Alexander was not the attacker.
Alexander's relatives wept and applauded in the courtroom when Darensburg ordered his release.
___
11:30 a.m.
A Louisiana man imprisoned for nearly four decades has been cleared in a 1979 rape and is preparing to walk free.
Fifty-eight-year-old Malcolm Alexander's conviction was thrown out Tuesday by a state judge in Jefferson Parish. Prosecutors moved to dismiss the charge. Alexander was expected to walk free after clearing paper work Tuesday afternoon.
Judge June Darensburg threw out the conviction after defense attorneys argued Alexander's trial lawyer had failed to point out that the victim had been doubtful when she identified Alexander as her attacker.
DNA evidence also played a role in the reversal. Lawyers from the New York-based Innocence Project handled the case. They thanked Jefferson Parish authorities for their cooperation.
Alexander's relatives — including his 82-year-old mother — applauded and broke into tears in court.
By RICARDO ALONSO-ZALDIVAR
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Medicare will require hospitals to post their standard prices online and make electronic medical records more readily available to patients, officials said Tuesday.
The program is also starting a comprehensive review of how it will pay for costly new forms of immunotherapy to battle cancer.
Seema Verma, head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, said the new requirement for online prices reflects the Trump administration's ongoing efforts to encourage patients to become better-educated decision makers in their own care.
"We are just beginning on price transparency," said Verma. "We know that hospitals have this information and we're asking them to post what they have online."
Hospitals are required to disclose prices publicly, but the latest change would put that information online in machine-readable format that can be easily processed by computers. It may still prove to be confusing to consumers, since standard rates are like list prices and don't reflect what insurers and government programs pay.
Patients concerned about their potential out-of-pocket costs from a hospitalization would still be advised to consult with their insurer. Most insurance plans nowadays have an annual limit on how much patients must pay in copays and deductibles - although traditional Medicare does not.
Likewise, many health care providers already make computerized records available to patients, but starting in 2021 Medicare would base part of a hospital's payments on how good a job they do.
Using electronic medical records remains a cumbersome task, and the Trump administration has invited technology companies to design secure apps that would let patients access their records from all their providers instead of having to go to different portals.
Verma also announced Medicare is starting a comprehensive review of how it will pay for a costly new form of immunotherapy called CAR-T. It's gene therapy that turbocharges a patient's own immune system cells to attack cancer.
Immune system T cells are filtered from the patient's own blood and reprogrammed to target and kill cancer cells that had managed to evade them. Hundreds of millions of copies of the revved-up cells are then returned to the patient's blood to take on the cancer.
Though only a couple of such treatments have been approved for blood cancers, the cost can exceed $370,000 per patient.
"It's a new area for the agency," said Verma. "We haven't seen drugs priced at this level and we're having to think about our strategy."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Watch: Texas Police prevent fire from spreading to buildings Police officers carefully remove car engulfed in flames from nearby structures. Contact Editor Arutz Sheva Staff,
Flash 90 French Police France
Our Lady of the Lake (OLOL) is uniquely capable of caring for a full range of illness or injury, including those that are extremely complex, for both pediatric and adult patients.
FAMILY SERVICES
An 800-bed hospital and the area's only Level II Trauma Center
A dedicated Children's Hospital, which will transition to a freestanding hospital in 2019• A 450-provider care network covering more than 40 specialties
Two free-standing emergency rooms—Our Lady of the Lake Livingston and Our Lady of the Lake North
A network of nearly 15 urgent care clinics
Outpatient imaging and surgery centers
Assumption Community Hospital
Franciscan Missionaries of Our Lady University
OLOL serves 35,000 inpatients and 650,000 outpatients annually and are committed to building a healthy community through excellence in patient care and education. A part of the Franciscan Missionaries of Our Lady Health System, Our Lady of the Lake is consistently awarded for compassionate care, clinical expertise, leading edge technology and innovation.
OUR LADY OF THE LAKE PHYSICIAN GROUP
With more than 450 healthcare providers throughout more than 70 locations, Our Lady of the Lake Physician Group is one of the area's largest physician networks, with more than 450 healthcare providers throughout more than 70 locations.
In addition to primary care, this group of doctors specializes in diagnosis and treatment of a broad range of illnesses and complex medical problems.
OUR LADY OF THE LAKE CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
Our Lady of the Lake Children's Hospital is Louisiana's fastest growing children's hospital treating more than 100,000 patients annually from across Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas. The hospital is the only healthcare provider in the Baton Rouge area that provides a full range of pediatric services ranging from a 24/7 pediatric emergency room to a team of more than 100 pediatricians and pediatric specialists.
The new freestanding Our Lady of the Lake Children's Hospital is currently under construction and set to open in 2019.
OUR LADY OF THE LAKE CHILDREN'S HEALTH
Our Lady of the Lake Children's Health is a collaborative, coordinated and child-focused statewide health network that provides patients with more access to physicians and providers specifically trained to care for children. The network includes hospital-based services at the main campus in Baton Rouge and the future freestanding hospital, as well as in Monroe with St. Francis Pediatrics. It also connects pediatricians, pediatric specialists and other health providers across our state with clinics in the Baton Rouge region, Hammond, Lafayette and Monroe. This model of coordinated pediatric healthcare extends the vital work happening at Our Lady of the Lake Children's Hospital into more communities across Louisiana so families have greater access to expertise close to home.
Our Lady of the Lake Children's Health Pediatric Development and Therapy Center is located at 8415 Goodwood Boulevard, Suite 200, in Baton Rouge.
OUR LADY OF THE LAKE'S MISSION
Inspired by the vision of St. Francis of Assisi and in the tradition of the Roman Catholic Church, extends the healing ministry of Jesus Christ to God's people, especially those most in need.
OLOL calls forth all who serve in this healthcare ministry to share their gifts and talents to create a Spirit of Healing for all those entrusted to our care.
OLOL is, with God's help, a healing and spiritual presence for each other and the communities we are privileged to serve.
OUR LADY OF THE LAKE'S CORE VALUES
Service - The privilege of reaching out to meet the needs of others
Reverence and Love for All Life - Acknowledging that all life is a gift from God
Joyfulness of Spirit - An awareness of being blessed by God in all things
Humility - Being authentic in serving as an instrument of God
Justice - Striving for equity and fairness in relationships with special concern for those most in need
Information on this page was provided by Our Lady of the Lake.
BEIJING (AP) — Chinese Premier Li Keqiang appealed to Washington on Tuesday to "act rationally" and avoid disrupting trade over steel, technology and other disputes, promising that Beijing will "open even wider" to imports and investment.
"No one will emerge a winner from a trade war," said Li, the No. 2 Chinese leader, at a news conference held during the meeting of China's ceremonial legislature.
Li made no mention of a possible Chinese response in the event U.S. President Donald Trump raises import barriers over trade complaints against Beijing, but other officials say President Xi Jinping's government is ready to act.
Trump's government already has raised import duties on Chinese-made washing machines and other goods to offset what it says are improper subsidies and is investigating whether Beijing pressures foreign companies to hand over technology, which might lead to trade penalties. That has prompted fears of Chinese retaliation.
"What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions," said Li. "We don't want to see a trade war."
Commerce Minister Zhong Shan said on March 11 that China will "resolutely defend" its interests. He gave no details but business groups say Beijing might target U.S. exports of jetliners, soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market.
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage, the premier said its investments are based on market principles and "China will remain a responsible long-term investor."
Li promised more market-opening and other reforms as Xi's government tries to make its cooling, state-dominated economy more productive. He said Beijing will make it easier to start a business and will open more industries to foreign and private competition.
The ruling Communist Party promised in 2013 to give a bigger role to market forces and entrepreneurs who generate most of China's new jobs and wealth.
Reform advocates complain they are moving too slowly, but hope Xi, who took power in 2012, might accelerate changes after focusing during his first five-year term as party leader on cementing his status as China's most dominant figure since at least the 1980s.
"If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider," said Li.
Beijing plans to "further bring down overall tariffs," with "zero tariffs for drugs, especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs," the premier said.
Li repeated a promise he made March 5 at the opening of the legislature to "fully open the manufacturing sector" to foreign competitors.
"We will also fully open the manufacturing sector," the premier said. "There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected."
The government has yet to say how that might change conditions for automakers and other manufacturers that are required to work through Chinese partners, which requires them to give technology to potential competitors.
In a sign of Li's reduced status as President Xi Jinping amasses power, the premier was flanked by eight newly promoted economic officials, in contrast to previous years when he appeared alone at the annual news conference.
They included Liu He, a Harvard-trained Xi adviser who was named a vice premier Monday and has told foreign businesspeople he will oversee economic reform. Neither Liu nor any of the other officials spoke at the event.
The premier traditionally is China's top economic official but Xi has stripped Li of his most prominent duties by appointing himself to lead ruling party bodies that oversee economic reform and finance policy.
Canadian singer-songwriter Afie Jurvanen, known by his stage name Bahamas, has gifted his fans with more deliciously chill, stripped-down tunes with his new album Earthtones. As the name suggests, the album puts forth more of the same warm, earthy sounds that Bahamas has made himself known for, yet this time around he's adopted a new soulful, funky style that meshes beautifully with his folk rock roots.
A great example of the Bahamas' development of his new sound occurs right at the beginning of the album with the song “Alone,” which itself could be considered a symbol for Bahamas reaching out stylistically to try new things. This first track starts off with a driving guitar rhythm, with some folky undertones accentuated by reverbing guitar slides. However, interspersed throughout the song are the soulful wails of the gospel-like backup singers, which begin to swell towards the middle and culminate the song with a sweet, uplifting melody. These soulful backup vocals continue to make appearances throughout the album, complementing Jurvanen's rich, breathy voice with their high-pitched, clear trills.
Perhaps the best portrayal of the vocals occurs in “No Wrong,” the third track of the album. This song bears the seal of the Bahamas with its slower, stripped down structure, but with the addition of groovy R&B vocals and bluesy guitar licks. This song seems more personal; with a bittersweet and lamenting tone, the lyrics are whispered almost as if the song was a secret. The vocals likewise steal the show in “Bad Boys Need Love Too.” This song puts out a darker, heavier tone, which in conjunction with the funky guitar and bass line stands out as one of the starkest deviations from the Bahamas' previous sound. The song also features strong, moving lyrics about childhood and the struggles of growing up, portraying Jurvanen's superb songwriting skills in addition to his mellifluous voice.
Despite his new sound, Bahamas still manages to retain some of the folk influences which are so prevalent in his previous albums. This is apparent in tracks “Show Me Naomi” and “No Expectations,” in which he utilizes heftier electric guitar riffs, producing a more rock-like tone. Likewise, the bluesy track “Any Place” shows Bahamas' affinity for not just folk, but all roots music.
If you're looking for some great new music and you're a fan of blended genres, give Earthtones a try. Bahamas manages to put out chill, groovy music that doesn't suffer from repetitiveness; each song is unique and different in its own way, and keeps you on your feet while at the same time making you want to lounge and relax with some friends or a book. Overall, I give Earthtones a 4.5/5.
Christian chats to the singer-writer about the launch tour of his new EP, Change It All, running until Saturday December 16.
LOS ANGELES — Three-division world champion Vasyl Lomachenko has undergone surgery to fix a torn labrum in his right shoulder.
The two-time Olympic gold medallist from Ukraine hopes to return to the ring later this year, according to a statement Wednesday from his promoter.
Lomachenko (11-1, 9 KOs) had arthroscopic surgery at the Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles by orthopedic surgeon Neal ElAttrache.
Lomachenko says he hurt his shoulder during the second round of his 10th-round stoppage victory over Jorge Linares in New York on May 12 to defend his WBA lightweight title.
20:21 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 PM returns Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu's plane landed in Israel a little while ago. Netanyahu returned from a visit to France for a meeting with President Emmanuel Macron on Sunday and to Brussels on Monday for a meeting with European Union foreign ministers in Brussels. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Representatives of the Ministry of Environmental Protection are in the area of ​​the fire which broke out this morning at a diesel filtering facility at Paz Ashdod refinery.
The teams are assessing the effect of smoke on population centers. "Under the prevailing meteorological conditions, the smoke does not reach populated areas," they said.
Firefighting forces are working to control the fire. No injuries were reported.
(Credit: Itai Merez, City Associations - Ashdod)
When LSU takes on Florida University Saturday, a retired librarian from Donaldsonville will be in the national spotlight. Michele Macloud is being recognized for the impact she's had on the life of an up and coming LSU football player.
He can often be seen sporting the number 10 on a purple and gold jersey during football season. LSU wide receiver Stephan Sullivan knows how to light up Death Valley, but he also knows how to brighten faces in the cafeteria of his alma mater, Donaldsonville High School.
“It just feels good to be back, back home,” said Sullivan.
Sullivan has a bright future in front of him, on and off the field, but he says things were different when he walked the halls of Donaldsonville High. “I didn't even have interest in graduating, because when I first got here, I was like, 'I'm in school. I'm just trying to blow by,'” said Sullivan.
This was Sullivan's attitude until one day during his sophomore year, during one of his daily trips to the school library. Former librarian, Michele Macloud, says he would drop by to visit with his teammates.
“He's such a tall person. He really couldn't sneak into a room, so when he would come in, I didn't really know his name. At first, I would just call him six foot six,” Macloud said. “I would just ask him questions, and at first, he really wouldn't say much.”
“She just kept asking me about my grades and I'm like, 'Okay, stop asking me about my grades. I don't talk about grades,' and she kept asking,” said Macloud.
That persistence paid off. Sullivan says it's what got him here today. Macloud says when Sullivan told her he wanted to play college football, she did a little research and learned he would have to hit the books hard to make that happen. Before she knew it, Sullivan's visits to the library had purpose.
“He may come in there and sit at the counter. I would say, 'You know, you have a biology project you need to make an A on,'” said Macloud.
All that work paid off. It didn't take long for LSU to take notice. “I was at basketball practice and my football coach called me, and I was a sophomore and he was like, 'LSU just called me and they want you there for junior day,'” said Sullivan.
“He called and said, 'Les Miles wants me to come to LSU tomorrow,' and the first thing I said was, 'What are you going to wear,'” said Macloud.
The rest was history. Macloud says he committed to a future at LSU and has been scoring big ever since, but he has not forgotten the woman who helped him get there. “She was my best friend in high school. I told her some things I would never tell my family members. It's a relationship nobody can break, a bond nobody can break,” said Sullivan.
That bond has been recognized by the SEC Nation television show through a program called Extra Yard for Teachers. Sullivan and Macloud's story earned DHS $10,000 to buy classroom supplies. His former football coach, Bryan Richardson, says he always asks his players when they graduate to leave their mark.
“I always ask them, 'What are you going to bring back to Donaldsonville High School?' And Stephen lives by that mantra. He couldn't wait to give back to Donaldsonville,” said Richardson.
Principal Marvin Evans couldn't be prouder. “We always look to our athletes to be our student leaders, so when you have young men like Stephan, they set the tone for the entire school,” said Evans.
Sullivan is leading by example. It's his hope that his story will inspire young athletes struggling to find their way. “It was a long journey, but I never gave up. It was a long journey, so never give up,” said Sullivan.
Sullivan is majoring in communications and says he would like to play for the Miami Dolphins one day.
The SEC Nation show airs on the SEC Network from 9 to 11 a.m.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Two things now grow around the rusting carcasses of the last blast furnaces in this French steel town: weeds, and votes for populist Marine Le Pen.
For months, labor leader Walter Broccoli fought to keep the fires burning, fearing that failure could drive enraged workers toward Le Pen and her virulently nationalistic politics. He never imagined his own son would become part of the stampede.
He says they've not spoken in the three years since he discovered to his horror that David Broccoli registered as a candidate in municipal elections for Le Pen's anti-European Union, anti-immigration National Front.
"I said to myself, 'Impossible! What's happened to him?' I called him up. We argued. He told me, 'That's the way it is' and hung up on me," Walter Broccoli says. "I've had nightmares where I saw him dressed in an SS uniform, all in black, with a cap. I took it very hard."
Yet the National Front is now an inescapable part of the landscape in France's industrial eastern rustbelt. Le Pen is projected to win millions of votes Sunday in the first round of France's two-stage presidential election, likely catapulting her to within one step of an electoral earthquake that would shake France and the EU to its core.
For some disgruntled working-class voters, a ballot for the anti-establishment Le Pen is a yell of protest — their nuclear option against the political mainstream.
steelworker Pascal Grimmer says she'll get his vote because he's "angry with politicians, filled with rage," and "she is the candidate who most scares the others."
He hopes an electro-shock-high score for Le Pen will jolt mainstream politicians "to ask themselves, 'What do people want?'"
"You reap what you sow," he says. "Our politicians have treated the French people like idiots."
Last time, Grimmer voted Francois Hollande, the Socialist whose presidency, now in its final weeks, lasted just one term.
Grimmer was impressed when Hollande came stumping during the 2012 campaign for working-class votes at the ArcelorMittal steel plant where he works. Labor leaders were in the thick of their battle to save Hayange's furnaces. Hollande clambered onto the roof of a van with union leaders, took a microphone and promised a law to help save plants facing closure.
"I said to myself, 'Oh, I like this guy.' Naively, I believed him," Grimmer recalls.
Workers felt betrayed when the furnaces were extinguished in 2013. Hollande's Socialist government struck a deal with steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal that secured jobs elsewhere or retirement for the furnace workers. ArcelorMittal also promised to invest 180 million euros ($190 million at today's rates) in other sectors of the steel works that still produce high-grade metals for automakers and other clients.
Still, the mothballing of the furnaces hit hard. Grimmer, Broccoli and other members of their Workers' Force labor union unveiled a plaque of protest in Hayange when the scorching fires which had melted ores into metal went cold.
"SELLOUT," the plaque read. "Here lie the promises of change that F. HOLLANDE made to workers and their families."
Broccoli says he warned Socialist officials that extinguishing the furnaces would be "electoral suicide." Sure enough, the year after they were put out, Hayange voted in a National Front mayor.
"It really hurts me to see workers turning toward fascism, the extreme right," Broccoli says. "They are so angry that they are prepared to vote National Front, to destroy everything."
Broccoli's son, a computer technician, doesn't work in the steel industry. Still, the father assumes his son felt "abandoned by the government" after losing a job in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis.
"I feel as though he's been stolen from me," Walter Broccoli says.
David Broccoli didn't respond to calls from The Associated Press. Herve Hoff, who stood with him as a National Front candidate in 2014, says David Broccoli felt betrayed by the left and "adopted our ideas."
In Hayange, where the decaying furnaces dominate the skyline, the unemployment rate is 14 percent, according to the mayor — more than the already high national average of 10 percent. Still, National Front Mayor Fabien Engelmann smugly presents himself as an example of what his party can do with power.
"I didn't lie to my voters," he says. "I offered them a coherent program: security, cleanliness, lower taxes, reduced debts, road building, work on schools — things a mayor can do."
By DAN GELSTON
AP Sports Writer
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - The Philadelphia 76ers are investigating whether team president Bryan Colangelo used a variety of Twitter accounts to anonymously trash some of his own players and fellow executives and defend himself against criticism from fans and the sports media.
The allegations, reported Tuesday by the sports website The Ringer , raised questions about Colangelo's future and that of the NBA team itself, a rising franchise heading into perhaps its most important summer ever as it tries to attract free agents to contend for championships.
The five Twitter accounts under suspicion took aim at Philadelphia players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel, according to The Ringer.
Among other things, the user or users of the accounts complained that Embiid, the 24-year-old All-Star center, was "playing like a toddler having tantrums" and was "a bit lazy," ''selfish" and "acting like a tool."
The user of one of the accounts claimed to know Colangelo and described him more than once as a "class act." The tweets also raised the question of whether Colangelo used the anonymous accounts to divulge team strategy and details about players' medical conditions.
Colangelo acknowledged using one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events but said he wasn't familiar with the four others.
"The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter," the Sixers said Wednesday in a statement. "We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded."
Embiid, Philly's franchise star, made a few wisecracks about the furor for his 1.4 million Twitter followers before standing up for Colangelo.
"All jokes asides I don't believe the story," he tweeted. "That would be just insane."
The Ringer said it had been monitoring the accounts since February, when it received an anonymous tip. It said it found numerous connections among the accounts that suggested the same person was behind them.
The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the accounts, and the same day the three others were suddenly made private.
For the Sixers, the first order of business is determining whether the accounts are, in fact, Colangelo's.
The Sixers had at least 20 impostors accounts shut down this season with people pretending to be Colangelo, a person familar with the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the probe is not over.
If the investigation shows that Colangelo is in any way connected to the accounts, the organization's reputation would be heavily damaged as it tries to chase big free agents like LeBron James, Paul George or other All-Stars.
Colangelo, the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, was hired as president of basketball operations in 2016 after Hinkie abruptly resigned. Hinkie was the architect behind what the team calls The Process - the long-term tearing down and rebuilding of the Sixers.
Colangelo previously served as Raptors general manager. He lost his job there after Toronto missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season, and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo bristled at the suggestion that Hinkie deserved credit for the Sixers' turnaround.
"BC has done nothing but clean up hinkie's mess," the account user wrote in January 2017, referring to Colangelo. Another post lamented that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Colangelo has been blamed by Philly fans for the so-far disastrous deal that brought Fultz to the Sixers. One of the accounts that The Ringer linked to Colangelo blamed Fultz's poor performance on his longtime trainer and his "so-called mentor/father figure."
Colangelo was likewise criticized when Noel was sent to the Dallas Mavericks in 2017. The Twitter accounts defended the trade, describing Noel as a "selfish punk" who was "behaving like a vulture" and was "bad for locker room."
"Bc is class act not a bad guy," the Twitter user added.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FALL BRANCH, TN (WJHL)- A video of a young boy from East Tennessee with tears in his eyes as he talks about bullying in school, has now been viewed tens of millions of times.
The video has sparked an outpouring of support, capturing the attention of celebrities and athletes nationwide.
Early this morning, we found that even THP state troopers had taken notice of this video.
THP Fall Branch District posted in a tweet Monday morning that ‘THPFallBranch is with you Keaton'
Sergeant Nathan Hall said the video tugged at the heartstrings of so many troopers across the state, including those right here in Northeast Tennessee.
“A couple of our troopers have reached out, wanting to go eat lunch with the young man, and I know he has overwhelming support right now within all of our districts in the state, especially the highway patrol. Our communications director is discussing those possibilities and setting up things like that,” Hall said.
Hall said they are hopeful that THP troopers will be able to meet with Keaton, telling us some troopers said they could even put themselves in his shoes.
“I talked to another trooper that he was actually bullied as a child, and he still remembered the circumstances… we've talked to all the districts today and they all have a very overwhelming support of how that effected them by watching this video, and support to Mr. Keaton,” Hall said.
Hall also said they hope this leads to a bigger conversation and awareness about bullying in schools, advising parents and children if they want to know more about preventing bullying there is a website called stopbullying.gov.
Senator Leila de Lima on Wednesday accused the Duterte administration of being “bent on taking the side of every high-profile crook and scoundrel the past administration was able to jail.”
Her statement came after Solicitor General Jose Calida sought for a reversal of Janet Lim-Napoles' conviction for serious illegal detention.
Calida was quoted as saying that “injustice was done to Janet Lim-Napoles.”
ADVERTISEMENT
De Lima said she “cannot imagine what justification the OSG (Office of the Solicitor General) has come up with this time in order to sabotage the criminal conviction the DOJ (Department of Justice) has successfully secured in the past administration.”
“The professional career lawyers of the OSG must be cringing at this latest stunt of their Solicitor General,” the former Justice Secretary said.
De Lima said it is “probably the lowest point ever that the OSG has reached in its years of existence.”
“Release Napoles, the number one enabler of plunderers in government, and we might as well dissolve our justice system and declare this government a government of criminals, where the innocent are imprisoned and the criminals liberated,” she said.
The senator said the administration might release next the convicted drug lords who testified against her.
“Under these circumstances, it is indeed an honor to be imprisoned under this regime of criminal coddlers,” she said.
De Lima is among the most vocal critics of the Duterte administration, which accused her of receiving money from drug lords. RAM
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is set to meet with a top North Korean official as the Trump administration races to prepare for its June 12 summit between President Trump and Kim Jong-un.
Interested in North Korea? Add North Korea as an interest to stay up to date on the latest North Korea news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Less than a week after the president “canceled” the summit in a dramatic letter, there's been a flurry of activity between the two countries to make it happen again. There was never an official “back on” message, but Trump tweeted Tuesday that his letter got a “solid response.”
The point person for U.S. preparations, Pompeo will meet Kim Yong Chol, a top adviser to Kim Jong-un and Vice Chairman of the Central Committee. It's the third meeting between the two men, after Pompeo's two trips to Pyongyang in as many months.
Chol is the regime's former spy chief and reportedly behind some of its most malicious behavior, including assassination attempts in South Korea, the sinking of a South Korean Navy ship, and the Sony hack. He is currently under U.S. sanctions, so the U.S. had to grant him a special waiver to travel to New York.
J. Scott Applewhite/AP
He is the highest-ranking North Korean official to visit the U.S. in nearly two decades, after the Clinton administration's diplomatic efforts in its final months. Chol departed from Beijing Wednesday morning, where he met top officials from China, North Korea's closest ally and key economic partner.
The administration has not said where or when Pompeo and Kim will meet, other than that Pompeo will travel to New York on Wednesday and Thursday. Kim is expected to arrive on Wednesday afternoon as well.
It's also unclear who requested the meeting and at what stage in talks it takes place, whether its finalizing logistics, agreeing to an agenda, or something else. State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert wouldn't say, other than that the U.S. looks forward to the discussions and the two men have had "very deep conversations where they've talked about a lot of detail about what the United States' expectations are” in their prior meetings.
Despite Trump's letter, which blasted North Korea for its “xxxx angry rhetoric” [need quote] and called off the meeting, the administration is moving full steam ahead with planning. Nauert told reporters Tuesday there had been "a tremendous amount of progress over the past few days alone” as two other U.S. teams have been meeting with North Koreans in Singapore and at the Demilitarized Zone between North and South Korea.
White House Deputy Chief of Staff Joe Haginis is leading the “pre-advance” team in Singapore, focused on coordinating the summit's logistics, according to White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders, and the team at the DMZ includes the National Security Council's Director for Korea Allison Hooker, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Asian and Pacific Security Affairs Randy Schriver, and Sung Kim, the current U.S. ambassador to the Philippines and former State Department Special Representative for North Korean Policy.
While it's a tall order to coordinate the summit with less than two weeks to go, June 12 “is what we're planning for,” Nauert said, “but we'll see what happens.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua (AP) — Nicaraguan authorities have released some student protesters arrested during anti-government demonstrations over the past week as President Daniel Ortega seeks to lower tensions.
With freshly shaved heads and some bearing bruises they said were inflicted by police during their captivity, students were dropped along a highway on the outskirts of the capital.
The police said in a statement Tuesday that students were handed over to their families and religious committees.
Ortega on Sunday repealed a social security overhaul that would have increased contributions and reduced pensions. The changes triggered protests that soon spread beyond the social security system. Right groups say at least 30 people died.
Pablo Cuevas of the Permanent Commission on Human Rights accused police of violating students' due process and being guilty of beatings and theft.
AP Photo/Ben Margot
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Stephen Curry will likely go from being the NBA's biggest bargain to signing the richest contract in the league at more than $200 million. And he looks forward to the nice payday.
Yet the two-time reigning MVP and new NBA Finals MVP Kevin Durant said Wednesday they would consider taking less money to keep the core of the champion Golden State Warriors intact.
“It would mean everything. What we've built here is truly special, it's unique, it's something that you don't want to see end at all,” Curry said. “All the pieces that we have are important to the equation of winning a championship and competing for a championship every single year. It is a business. There are decisions that need to be made every single year and you've got to assess the situation as it is.
“… As we go into the talks and this whole process, which is obviously new for me, I will approach it to get the most out of it I can as an individual, as a player, and something that I've been working for for a very long time. In the context of keeping the team together, if there are decisions that need to be made, we'll talk about it for sure.”
Two days after capturing the franchise's second title in three years against LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers, the Warriors prepared to part ways for what will be a busy offseason for general manager Bob Myers and the front office.
Durant said he has “no question” in his mind he will be back with the Warriors. He hinted he would opt out of a deal that pays him the maximum he can get in order to help Golden State's chances of re-signing players such as Andre Iguodala or Shaun Livingston – two key reserves on both title teams.
“It's the business of basketball obviously so nothing is for sure, but here I feel like we can work that out and we'll have a chance to do this again next year,” Durant said. “It's easier said than done obviously, but that's the goal. We want to keep this thing together and see how we can continue to keep getting better.”
The group that recruited Durant in the Hamptons that day last summer has the same philosophy about winning more championships. Along with Curry that day were Iguodala, Draymond Green and Klay Thompson.
“I do know me and KD had a conversation along with Draymond and Klay and Andre last year before he even showed up that that was kind of the identity of who we are as a team that we understand how important it is, the guys that are here,” Curry said. “You don't want anybody to have to sacrifice in that sense, you don't want to force anybody to take that approach but at the end of the day we know what's best for us as a group going forward. We're going to do everything we can to keep this team together. I'll have that mindset, KD's going to have that mindset, I know Dre, Shaun, all the guys that are up for negotiating a new contract. We'll see what happens. The beauty of what I know of this team, we all want to provide for our families, we want to get all that we can out of this game while we still have the legs to do it, but there are no egos when it comes to that side of the equation when it comes to us as professional athletes.”
Curry and Durant also heard from former President Barack Obama with congratulations, though Durant said he was most excited that among 200 messages was a text from a high school girlfriend he didn't realize still had his number.
While the Warriors haven't formally met to discuss whether they will visit President Donald Trump's White House as is customary for championship teams, Curry said his mind hasn't changed from when he was asked earlier this year about the possibility. Coach Steve Kerr also has been outspoken about issues with Trump.
“Somebody asked me about it a couple months ago like the hypothetical if a championship were to happen what would I do and I think I answered I wouldn't go. Still feel like that today,” Curry said. “But obviously as a team we're going to have a conversation. This is a moment that we all need to enjoy together. Nothing should distract from what we were able to accomplish together and the different kind of ceremonies that have happened around championship-winning teams. We don't want that to taint what we've accomplished this year so we'll handle that accordingly and responsibly and do the right thing for us individually and as a group.”
—
More AP NBA: http://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Comments
comments
MADRID (AP) — Former U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says Donald Trump should stand "on the right side of history" by reconsidering the decision to pull his country out of the Paris climate change accord, a decision Ban called "misguided" and responding to a "short-term vision."
The U.S president's decision has larger political consequences beyond the impact on global greenhouse gas emissions, Ban told The Associated Press in Madrid. He said the choice leaves a leadership vacuum in international diplomacy.
For almost a decade, Ban spearheaded negotiations that led to the pledge of keeping global temperatures from raising another degree Celsius by 2100. Nearly 200 countries signed the agreement in December 2015.
Ban on Wednesday joined more than 50 former world leaders in a statement criticizing Trump administration's decision.
“If Grant Shapps has got 30 people signing his petition then Diane Abbott must be doing the adding up.”
AP photo
US President Donald Trump has recently held talks with Chairman of the People's Republic of China, Xi Jinping. Deputy National Security Adviser Kathleen McFarland stated on Fox TV channel that Trump convinced his Chinese counterpart that North Korea was a threat to the world. According to her, Trump could convince Xi Jinping that North Korea was a burden and a threat not only to the USA, South Korea, Japan and Russia, but also to China.
The meeting between Presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping took place on April 6-7 in Florida. Kathleen McFarland noted that the US was going to give China some time to try to persuade Pyongyang of the need to curtail the nuclear program. Washington and its allies will thus continue putting economic and diplomatic pressure on North Korea.
The US government has conducted a "broad study" and prepared a package of interesting proposals, sanctions, diplomatic steps, second-order sanctions, as well as options for military action. The emphasis is put on China, which, according to Washington's plans, will be able to persuade North Korea (the DPRK) of the need to abandon its missile tests. Earlier, Trump said in an interview with The Wall Street Journal that he offered China more favourable terms of trade in exchange for assistance in countering North Korea.
At the same time, China threatens to impose an oil embargo on North Korea in the event the hermit kingdom conducts another nuclear test.
According to publications in Chinese mass media, Pyongyang's steps indicate its intention to continue the development of the nuclear missile program. If a nuclear test is conducted, China will stop supplying oil to North Korea and will support the imposition of new sanctions against the DPRK.
The US has long been trying to force China to cease shipments of petroleum products to North Korea. Donald Trump was ready to turn a blind eye to those requirements, if China could help the US put more pressure on North Korea and refrain from cooperation with Russia.
Interestingly, in the autumn of 2016, when a Republican candidate for US presidency, Trump promised, in case of his election, to impose tariff rates on China for manipulating the rate of the yuan. He said he would order his Secretary of Commerce to call China a currency manipulator and threatened to impose tariff rates on any country that downgraded its currency to take advantage of the United States.
Trump promised that he would initiate trade lawsuits against China and follow the implementation of WTO rules.
Pravda.Ru requested an expert opinion from Andrei Ostrovsky, Doctor of Economic Sciences, professor of the Institute of Far Eastern Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
"President Donald Trump could convince President Xi Jinping that North Korea was a burden for Beijing rather than a trade partner. Do you think China could cooperate with the US only to be able to contain the nuclear state of the DPRK?"
"Trump can say anything, but it does not mean that China will leave North Korea to the mercy of fate. China's position on this issue is clear and unshakable, similarly to the position of other countries. Most importantly, if they want to resolve the crisis on the Korean peninsula, they need to hold six-party talks, in which North and South Koreas, the United States, Japan, Russia and China would participate. To say that Trump persuaded Xi Jinping to abandon North Korea is either an obvious exaggeration or simply falsification of information.
"The fact is that Xi Jinping's visit to the USA was very unsuccessful. The two sides have not been able to solve one single serious issue, and they are unlikely to resolve them in the future. Trump, in the presence of Xi Jinping, announced that he struck a blow on Syria. He made the Chinese leader feel very uncomfortable. Xi Jinping, through Trump's fault, "lost his face." The Chinese will never forgive such things to anyone. Trump humiliated Xi Jinping. It is hardly possible to say that they have agreed on something with China. The Americans can say anything, but I have not heard anything like this from China. I only know that a representative of the Chinese Ministry for Foreign Affairs spoke to disavow statements from American representatives."
"But still, Washington will not leave Beijing alone on that."
"What do you mean it will not leave Beijing alone? Beijing will not leave Washington alone either. There are very serious questions about the relationship between China and the United States. I believe that there are four serious problems in the US-China relations. The first one is about trade and economic relations, an imbalance in foreign trade between China and the United States (about $300 billion a year). The second one is the issue of Taiwan. The third problem is the problem of disputed islands in the South China Sea. The fourth one is the Korean problem. They all need to be resolved, but they are not going to be resolved in the foreseeable future.
"Nevertheless, economic problems are much more important than political ones. China's economic dependence on America and America's dependence on China is very strong. In particular, if we take the total volume of China's foreign trade, then America's share makes up 14 percent. The share of Russia, for example, is less than two percent. Economy defines politics. Accordingly, all these issues are connected with economy. America can not do without Chinese goods. In addition, Chinese investments in the US economy last year exceeded those of the USA."
"Do you think Trump can put pressure on Xi Jinping or not?"
"They share absolutely identical positions. There is also the Chinese diaspora in America. The role of the Chinese in the American economy is much larger than that of the Americans in the Chinese economy."
"China will not abandon Pyongyang under any circumstances, will it?"
"China, for example, sharply restricted the export of Korean coal to China. Reasons behind it can be different - from poor quality coal to efforts to make the North Koreans listen to China."
"Will Beijing do the bidding of Washington?"
"It will never do it, it has never done it before - there is no such example in the past 30 years at least, and it will not happen in the future, because China's role in the world has been growing steadily."
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
While most of the attention in the SEC has been on Kentucky's roller-coaster ride, Florida's inconsistency and Auburn's improbable rise to the top, the Tennessee Volunteers have been flying under the radar most of the season.
But if the SEC's best-kept secret keeps winning, the Volunteers won't be sneaking up on anybody, especially now that they are predicted to land a No. 3 seed in the NCAA Tournament.
Coach Rick Barnes will gladly trade the anonymity for success. But first things first as the No. 18 Volunteers host Ole Miss on Saturday at Thompson-Boling Arena.
If consistency is the mark of a good team, then Tennessee (16-5, 6-3 SEC) is pretty darn good. The Volunteers are coming off an 84-61 victory over LSU at home, their second straight 23-point win after beating Iowa State 68-45 last Saturday.
Stellar defense and outstanding point guard play from Jordan Bone and James Daniel III have fueled the Vols, who equaled last year's win total with the LSU victory.
"When you have two point guards out there, it allows you to play a little faster," Daniel told The (Nashville) Tennessean after he and Bone combined for 29 points in the win over LSU. "Either one of us can get it, and both run and both shoot. I feel as though we both are good passers."
Barnes agreed with Daniel but added something else he enjoys seeing even more.
"What I like best is when they are really locked in defensively," Barnes said. "That's what I like. The fact is both of them can shoot the ball and they can get going. They can shoot it pretty deep."
Tennessee's success also has been a result of stellar defensive play. The Volunteers are holding opponents to 58.7 points in the last six games.
Tennessee has the third strongest strength of schedule and is ranked in the top 30 in offensive (27th) and defensive (seven) efficiency.
The mayor of Azerbaijan's second-largest city has been shot and wounded in an attack that also wounded his bodyguard.
The Interior Ministry said Elmar Veliyev, the mayor of Ganja, was attacked outside his office late Tuesday. It said in Wednesday's statement that the gunman was arrested by police. His motives weren't immediately clear.
Veliyev and his bodyguard have been hospitalized with gunshot wounds and are in stable condition.
Authorities said that President Ilham Aliyev has taken personal control of the investigation.
Ganja, a city of 330,000, is located in western Azerbaijan.
Silvi and Christian chat to the duo about the their preview season of Circus Oz: The Strange and Spektakulär Lives of Otto & Astrid, playing at the Meat Market (5 Blackwood, North Melbourne) until Saturday December 9.
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
Barbara Deerman, owner of Wright's Restaurant in Tuscaloosa, Ala., whose home was destroyed and her business heavily damaged by the tornado that swept through the southeastern U.S. in April 2011, killing more than 340 people.
“We were standing on our back porch and we saw it turn and come this way. It doesn't look that big from a distance, but it's on you before you know it. I said, ‘It's coming this way,' and my husband said: ‘Run.' You don't have time to think. We ran in the house and got in our bedroom behind our door. We saw our ceiling flop up and down. He said to hold on, that we were fixing to be sucked out.
My sister-in-law, she ran in the living room trying to get her little poodle. I opened the door to scream to her and the stuff from my dining room was coming toward my bedroom door. It peeled the paint right off the door. I pushed it open a bit to scream, but she couldn't hear. It was so much roaring and everything flying in so many directions, you couldn't hear anything. It's worse than being right next to a train.
READ: 11 freakish events caused by tornados
It seemed like we were in there for a long time, but they said it was two or three minutes. Then it just stopped. When it's gone, it just stops still. Everything is just still. There's no wind.
My sister-in-law, she was in shock and her knees were all skinned up. The front room of our house, it got blown away and came toward her. When we got through, my husband went in there to try to find her. She was beside the fireplace, behind the recliner and next to a wrought-iron table. My husband had to pry her hand away from that table. She never did hear me screaming for her. Everything just got destroyed.
We had a two-storey house, and it took the top layer off our house and put it on the next street. It tore up our living room, our kitchen, our dining room, all that stuff. Our roof was in a tree. Our stuff was all over the neighbourhood—because it wasn't a neighbourhood anymore. It's a sight you won't forget.
My husband was a musician and he had these big old heavy speakers, and my grandsons found them on the next street. Our washer was out in the yard, and our dryer was out there too, but the tub had nearly pulled out of it. It looked like an atomic bomb had come behind our house; that's exactly what it looked like.
The next night, we went and looked and we know now why we were saved. Our chimney fell right on the corner of our bedroom ceiling, and that's the reason the ceiling couldn't come off. The good Lord knew and he pushed that chimney right on top of us. Nothing bothered us in there.”
— as told to Tamsin McMahon
This article originally appeared in the Maclean's Extreme Weather issue in 2012.
The US dollar fell against other major currencies on Monday amid rising geopolitical tensions in the Korean Peninsula.
The latest missile test conducted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea spurred market demand for safe-haven currencies like Japanese yen on Monday, Xinhua news agency reported.
The greenback declined against the yen and touched 108.14 during the session, the lowest level since mid-November.
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against six major peers, was down 0.32 per cent at 100.190 in late trading.
In late New York trading, the euro rose to 1.0650 dollars from 1.0617 dollars, and the British pound added to 1.2575 dollars from 1.2512 US dollars in the previous session. The Australian dollar climbed to 0.7594 US dollar from 0.7578 US dollar.
The US dollar bought 108.69 Japanese yen, lower than 109.13 yen of the previous session. The US dollar fell to 1.0036 Swiss francs from 1.0052 Swiss francs, and it edged down to 1.3300 Canadian dollars from 1.3304 Canadian dollars.
The OPP Burlington detachment's auxiliary unit was in Hamilton today for their 20th annual food drive.
Called “operation good neighbour” officers were accepting non-perishable food items and cash donations to benefit the Neighbour to Neighbour Centre in Hamilton.
Officers were joined by Hamilton paramedics at the Fortino's supermarket on Main St. W.
Cst. Harold Wax says residents in Hamilton have been generous over the years.
Wax says events like this will stock the food banks for the next six months. Over the last 20 years they've collected nearly 1.3 million dollars in food and cash donations to support the Neighbour to Neighbour food bank.
She's a Barbadian-born Grammy Award-winning superstar, he's a European political powerhouse and the leader of France's Fifth Republic.
Together, Rihanna and Emmanuel Macron are determined to improve education in developing nations, and they brought that mission Friday to a financing conference of the Global Partnership for Education (GPE) in the African nation of Senegal, attended by African heads of state and World Bank president Jim Yong Kim.
The Associated Press
"This is a fight that we are never going to stop fighting until every boy and every girl has access to education," Rihanna, GPE's global ambassador, told the crowd.
Rihanna's Clara Lionel Foundation also globally promotes education, as well as the arts.
PHILIPPE WOJAZER/AFP/Getty Images
JEAN-CLAUDE COUTAUSSE/AFP/Getty Images
According to GPE, about 264 million children worldwide are not attending school.
Macron, who co-hosted the conference, said, "Supporting education is not a choice we can make or not make, it is a necessity."
The purpose of the conference is to raise hundreds of millions of dollars for education in the poorest of nations. Macron said France will donate 200 million euros ($248 million) to the fund, and urged the other world leaders there to donate toward the fund's 3.1 billion euro overall goal. Macron praised Senegal for spending 7 percent of its GDP on education.
Macron said education is "the only single response" to the extremism threatening West Africa.
JEAN-CLAUDE COUTAUSSE/AFP/Getty Images
The pair's attendance at the conference follows Rihanna's visit to Paris in July, when Macron hosted the singer at his presidential palace and the pair discussed their plans to raise the bar on education in developing nations. The meeting occurred after Rihanna challenged Macron on Twitter to join her in her efforts to boost education in poor countries, particularly war-torn regions.
When I commit, I deliver. @Rihanna, France will always side with those fighting for a better education. #FundEducation pic.twitter.com/9MLGWp2eaS — Emmanuel Macron (@EmmanuelMacron) February 2, 2018
"When I commit, I deliver. @Rihanna," Macron tweeted Friday, along with a video of the pair discussing "putting pressure" on governments and the private sector. "France will always side with those fighting for a better education. #FundEducation."
US Marine Corps AV-8B Harrier Book Review
By Michael Benolkin
Date of Review August 2017 Title US Marine Corps AV-8B Harrier Author Andy Evans Publisher SAM Publications Published 2016 ISBN 9780995546004 Format 82 pages, softbound MSRP (BP) £9.99 (Approx 13.00 USD)
Review
SAM Publications has started a new series of references under the 'Combat Edge' banner with the first installment covering the AV-8B Harrier in US Marine Corps service. Published in a smaller format than their Comprehensive Guides, this title provides a detailed photo monograph about the AV-8B in its primary configurations.
The title's coverage includes:
Harrier Origins
The AV-8B
The AV-8B (NA) - Night Attack
Harrier Walkaround
The AV-8B Harrier II Plus
Colour Profiles
The TAV-8B
Harrier in Scale
As you can see above, this title starts with the early prototypes (modified AV-8A) before moving to the initial production configuration combining the large wing with the raised cockpit for greater all-round pilot visibility. The AV-8B started with the ARBS (angle rate bombing system) nose in its first configuration before being updated with a FLIR sensor in a fairing ahead of the windscreen (night attack). The final configuration replaced the ARBS nose with an APG-65 radar (same as the F/A-18 Hornets) while retaining the FLIR sensor as depicted in the cover image.
In addition to the coverage listed above, this title also provides a nice look at the Harrier in combat as well as looks at weapons loads and the LITENING targeting pod. The color profiles show the evolution of camouflage carried by the aircraft from its initial service through current day. The section on the TAV-8B provides a look at this essential but overlooked conversion trainer that allows pilots to safely transition from conventional tactical aircraft to the Harrier's distinctive STOVL and VTOL flight capabilities.
This title will definitely appeal to aviation enthusiasts as it provides a nice look at the subject with lots of nice details that will also please the detail modeler. Regardless of the kit or scale you prefer to build, this is a great reference to help you detail and finish your model accurately.
My sincere thanks to SAM Publications for this review sample!
When The Wanted's Tom Parker originally auditioned for Grease, he wasn't expecting to land the role of Danny.
Speaking to us ahead of the visit to Milton Keynes Theatre from Monday August 28 to Saturday September 2, he said: “I was originally asked if I was interested in Teen Angel which meant one song and a brief role so I went for the audition.
Grease
“I got a phone call a few days later asking if I was interested in playing Danny and after an extra audition, they offered me the part which I was delighted about.”
The original high-school musical, features unforgettable songs including You're The One That I Want, Grease Is The Word and Summer Nights.
You might think that there wouldn't be too much of a challenge to go from singer to musical theatre lead but Tom says there has been difficulties.
He said: “It has been a challenge learning the script but there are a lot of transferable skills over from performing in the band. While we weren't known for lots of dancing in the band, we did a little bit.
“But when we did have some complex choreography in this show, I did go a little bit like, ah yes, I can do this.
“I did watch the film just to get the style of acting that is required in this field. John Travolta had a huge impact playing the film so I have tried to take little things from his performance but not all of it.”
Even the relatively short period of rehearsals didn't stop Tom from taking the role seriously.
He added: “We only had three weeks of rehearsals before we went out on the tour so I asked for the script a couple of months before we started the rehearsals just so I could get my head in the right place. I wanted to get into the rehearsals and nail it.
“But it is a great show and if you like the film then come along and see it.”
Tom is still best known for his role in the five-piece band The Wanted and is proud of his achievements with the band.
He said: “We played some amazing venues when we were in The Wanted and I think when I look back, my biggest memories are meeting people like Michelle Obama. A few years, I was just a lad from Bolton and then I was meeting the first lady of the United States.
“I would hope that we would reform the band, it is something that I would really push for us to do. There was something special that we had between the four of us, and we would love to recreate that experience again.”
He is also in just a small select group of people. Tom is one of the few contestants that hasn't suffered an injury on The Jump.
Tom laughed before adding: “I was lucky to be probably one of the only people not to be injured in The Jump.
“I initially turned it down as I wasn't keen on doing television work. However after a couple of months, I regretted the decision so asked if there was a chance to do.
“All of the spaces on the show were full but they put me on the reserve list. And then the injuries happened and I ended up being on it.
“I had done some skiing but not for about 10 years before doing that show. It is quite scary doing those 30/40 foot jumps.”
But it is probably safe to say that another tour isn't top of Tom's list to do in the near future.
“I wouldn't rule out doing more musical theatre but doing a long tour does put a strain, especially as I am due to get married next year, so maybe I wouldn't do something as intense in the future.”
Tickets cost from £15 and performances take place throughout the week. To book tickets call the box office on 0844 871 7652 or visit www.atgtickets.co.uk/miltonkeynes.
A previous evacuation order has been reduced to an evacuation warning, Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea told a news conference, after water management officials drained enough water from the Oroville Dam.
The warning means that people can return but should be prepared to evacuate again if necessary, Honea said.
Both the primary and backup drainage channels of the dam, known as spillways, were damaged after a buildup of water that resulted from an extraordinarily wet winter in Northern California that followed years of severe drought.
More rain was forecast for as early as Wednesday and through Sunday, according to the National Weather Service.
Swift action by officials led by the state Department of Water Resources relieved pressure on the spillways, Honea said.
Beijing 2022 organisers have prepared a list of more than 2,000 questions to ask at next week's Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympic de-brief.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) will gather in the Chinese capital from Monday (June 4) to assess this year's Winter Games which took place in South Korea in February.
It will be a key chance for Beijing to learn before their hosting duties in four years time, with IOC President Thomas Bach due to hear a report from the Chinese Organising Committee during the five-day event.
Yan Cheng, the human resources director for Beijing 2022, told China Daily the list of questions would be shared with members of the IOC delegation as well as officials from Pyeongchang.
They relate to areas including snow sport operations, he said.
"This marks the handover of Olympic hosting expertise from Pyeongchang to Beijing," said Yan.
"The share of knowledge and transfer of expertise from the Pyeongchang Organising Committee will enlighten us about the complexity of hosting the Winter Olympic Games and provide us with proven experience to facilitate our work."
Beijing 2022 leaders have already announced plans to attract more skilled international workers to play a part in the Winter Olympics and Paralympics.
The de-brief for Pyeongchang 2018 will be held next week ©Getty Images
Organisers hope to attract people to work in areas including sports management and volunteer services.
Yan told ECNS that international talent was needed as China's winter sports industry is still "relatively underdeveloped".
He also said the Organising Committee would strenghten its contact and cooperation with similar bodies overseas.
This could include attracting staff who worked at Pyeongchang 2018.
Fourteen experts from foreign countries have reportedly already helped Beijing address issues including venue planning, track design and overall logistics.
Beijing 2022 began their first extensive recruitment drive in April of last year.
It has so far led to 31 out of 3,894 applicants being appointed to various roles.
The Winter Olympics are due to run between February 4 and 20 in 2022.
The Paralympics are scheduled to follow between March 4 and 13.
Beijing itself will share the sporting action with clusters in Zhangjiakou and Yanqing.
The capital hosted the Summer Olympics and Paralympics in 2008 and will become the first city to also host the Winter editions.
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File). FILE - In this March 8, 2018, file photo, California gubernatorial candidate, state Treasurer John Chiang, a Democrat, speaks at a conference in Sacramento, Calif. Chiang will be joined family members of people who di...
By KATHLEEN RONAYNE
Associated Press
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) - Families of mass shooting victims are joining California State Treasurer John Chiang in calling on the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons and devices that allow guns to fire more rapidly.
Chiang will speak Monday at a board meeting of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, alongside family members of people who died in the 2015 terror attack in San Bernardino that killed 14 people and advocates for stricter gun laws. The wife of a high school teacher who died in Parkland, Florida, sent a letter supporting the effort by Chiang, a Democrat running for governor.
"Enough is enough," Chiang told The Associated Press in an interview. "You have to go to what moves people, and we know money moves people."
New Jersey, Connecticut, Illinois and New York also are discussing divesting from gun-related companies.
Chiang asked after the Las Vegas mass shooting in October for the retirement system and the state's teacher pension fund to sell its stock in companies that sell "military-style assault weapons" and devices such as bump stocks that help guns fire like automatic weapons.
California severely restricts the sale and possession of assault-style weapons.
The February shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida has spurred fresh efforts to put financial pressure on the National Rifle Association and companies that make and sell guns.
"We keep having these mass shootings," said Robert Velasco, whose 27-year-old daughter, Yvette, was killed in San Bernardino. "If we can encourage them to divest in companies, wholesalers and retailers of these types of weapons, it could send a message throughout the country to other institutional pensions to do the same."
The retirement system has a roughly $850 million in holdings in Dick's Sporting Goods, Walmart, Kroger, Big 5 Sporting Goods and Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings. The fund's total value is $354 billion.
The fund approached all five in the fall, asking them to stop selling assault weapons and devices such as bump stocks. Following the Florida shooting, Dick's and Kroger announced they would stop selling such guns and would, along with Walmart, raise the age for firearms purchases to 21. Walmart and Big 5 Sporting Goods had previously stopped selling assault weapons.
Chiang attributed the pension fund's efforts as one pressure point that helped create change.
But experts, including at California's pension fund, have long questioned the financial and political effectiveness of divestment. By divesting, shareholders give up their power to exert influence and often times simply turn over the shares to other owners who may not take the same political or social stance.
As of June 2017, the pension fund's various divestment initiatives had cost the system more than $8 billion, according to a memo put together by the fund.
"There's considerable evidence that divestment is an ineffective strategy for achieving social or political goals since the usual consequence is often a mere transfer of ownership," the fund's investment office wrote in a presentation for the board.
Still, using divestment to make political statements is a popular tactic in California. The pension fund decided in 2016 to sell off the last of its tobacco investments and has similarly started reducing its investments in coal. The state began divesting from gun manufacturers in 2013 following the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut.
The teachers fund will present research on its holdings in gun retailers in May.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect that Walmart stopped selling assault weapons three years ago but recently raised the age for gun purchases.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — A suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at the gate of a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital, and gunmen were fighting their way inside, police said Wednesday night.
A hostage situation was under way at the Pizza House restaurant, said Capt. Mohamed Hussein. Many of the restaurant's workers are foreigners, mostly from Ethiopia.
Hussein had no immediate information about any casualties.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas of Mogadishu, including hotels, military checkpoints and areas near the presidential palace. It has vowed to step up attacks after the recently elected government launched a new military offensive against it.
Al-Shabab last year became the deadliest Islamic extremist group in Africa, with more than 4,200 people killed in 2016, according to the Washington-based Africa Center for Strategic Studies.
___
This version corrects the name of the restaurant to Pizza House.
Viola Davis has captivated audiences with her portrayals of strong and complex characters. Now, Davis may bring home Oscar gold for her performance as Rose Maxson in "Fences."Davis first portrayed the loving but neglected matriarch in the 2010 Broadway revival of the August Wilson play. The actress won a Tony Award for the role.Davis looked at the film adaptation as a opportunity to revisit her role from a new perspective."It was a chance and an opportunity to fix some things I never got right on stage," Davis told IndieWire . "I became a mother. And then everything changed. My heart changed, your whole being changes. All of a sudden, I got it."Davis made history in 2017 by becoming the first African American woman to be nominated for an acting Oscar three times. Experts have Davis as a frontrunner for the Best Supporting Actress Oscar, an effort that has truly been years in the making."When the camera is on her no one will be wanting to look elsewhere," wrote Los Angeles Times film critic Kenneth Turan.
Sir Mo Farah wants to be known as "Mohamed" when he takes on the Great North Run next month after bowing out of his track career.
The 34-year-old claimed a silver medal in his last major track championship race in London, finishing behind Ethiopia's Muktar Edris in the 5,000 metres on Saturday night.
Farah is now switching his focus to road racing - beginning with the Great North Run on September 10 - and wants it to be a fresh start, with the four-time world champion ditching "Mo" to become known as "Mohamed".
He said: "My road name is Mohamed. I just feel like Mo is done. I need to forget about what I've achieved and what I've done."
Farah has two track races left in his career after claiming silver in his last major championship race.
Next Sunday he will race for the last time in front of a British track audience at the Muller Grand Prix in Birmingham's Alexander Stadium next Sunday.
He will then end his track career over 5,000m at Weltklasse, Zurich on August 24 at the Diamond League final in Switzerland.
After that, he will race on the track no more and take to the road, beginning the new era of his career bidding for a fourth straight Great North Run title in the road half marathon, which runs from Newcastle to South Shields.
However, Farah quit the track to focus on cracking the marathon. He made his debut over the distance at the London Marathon in 2014, but it is yet to be announced when he will race again over 26.2 miles.
He said: "I think can do something on the road. But I think it will take a few years and few marathons to get it right."
Farah has won 10 global titles including an Olympic double at London 2012.
"To continue until 2017, it's been amazing. London is where it all happened. It changed my life and my career," said the four-time Olympic champion, who will race at Birmingham's Diamond League meet next weekend," he told the Press Association over the weekend.
"No matter what I do in life, it will never be the same. I will sadly miss that. But it is time to make a move. I want to be able to close that chapter in my life. I've done my country and many people proud. It makes me proud to be British.
"For many years... growing up in Teddington and seeing the Kenyans and Ethiopians winning I never thought, 'One day, we'll be able to challenge them and beat them at their own game'.
"You remember Haile Gebrselassie, Paul Tergat, they were winning for many years. Nobody would have thought a British guy would ever beat the Kenyans and Ethiopians.
"I'm very proud to have achieved what I have achieved. It's been an incredible journey. I hope I can leave a legacy behind for the younger kids and show anything is possible in life if you stick at it.
"Sometimes, I get emotional because track is where I've made it. I won obviously at London 2012. The following week, when the Olympics had finished, I was known worldwide."
New York (AP) — Petroleum futures trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange Wednesday:
(1,000 bbl; dollars per bbl.)
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — A Maine high school student who fled his native Zambia says the experience of participating in a national spoken poetry competition was "heaven" even though he didn't advance.
Deering High School junior Allan Monga had to go to court to become one of 53 participants Tuesday in the national Poetry Out Loud competition in Washington, D.C.
U.S. Rep. Chellie Pingree, who championed his cause, said the asylum seeker learned about "persisting through challenges to chase your dreams."
A federal judge allowed the 19-year-old Monga to participate in the competition hosted by the National Endowment for the Arts. The NEA originally prohibited Monga from competing because he hasn't been granted legal asylum.
Monga told the Portland Press Herald that, "Just being here and experiencing this was like heaven."
BOSTON (AP) — A member of the violent MS-13 gang has been sentenced to 13 years in federal prison after pleading guilty to a conspiracy charge involving a brutal stabbing.
Federal prosecutors say 22-year-old Daniel Menjivar was also sentenced Monday to three years or probation and faces deportation upon completion of his sentence. He pleaded guilty in September to conspiracy to conduct enterprise affairs through a pattern of racketeering activity, more commonly referred to as RICO conspiracy.
Prosecutors say Menjivar, a native of El Salvador living in Chelsea, and a gang associate repeatedly stabbed and shot a man they thought was a member of a rival gang in Chelsea in May 2014. He then openly boasted about the attack in an undercover recording.
The victim was stabbed 21 times but survived.
The 22-year-old man from Mali who rescued a boy hanging from a balcony over the weekend in Paris met with firefighters from the Paris fire brigade on Tuesday.
Mamoudou Gassama, who arrived in France last September, has been offered a 10-month internship with the brigade and will receive around 600 euros ($690) a month. This is the standard salary for internships in France.
The head of Paris fire brigade said he was “welcoming Mamoudou Gassama so that he could discover what our job is like.”
“I am going to do everything I can” to become a firefighter, Gassama replied.
Maxppp/Zuma Press
Videos of Gassama scaling a building in northern Paris and pulling a young boy to safety went viral. French President Emmanuel Macron welcomed Gassama at the Elysee Palace on Monday and said Gassama would become a French citizen in the coming weeks.
Gassama has already been granted legal immigration status.
Union Minister Uma Bharti has been admitted to All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) due to high blood pressure. The hospital has said that her condition is stable and she is undergoing medication. Bharti has been dealing with the issue of hypertension for quite sometime and had been admitted to All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) earlier in 2016 and 2017 as well.
Union Minister Uma Bharti was on Friday admitted to All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) due to hypertension. The hospital has said that her condition is stable and she is being provided with the medication. “She had this knee ailment for some years now. Last evening the pain was unbearable for her. She had to be admitted to AIIMS last night,” a close aid was quoted as saying by news agency PTI. Bharti was admitted to AIIMS earlier in 2016 and 2017 after she complained of chest pain and hypertension.
Earlier, Bharti was removed from the Ministry of Ganga Rejuvenation and Water Resources during the cabinet reshuffle last year and was assigned the portfolio of Sanitation and Drinking Water. Ms Bharti had said that she was not unhappy with the change and looked forward to continuing the good work in the new department as well. “I don't mind the change because I am totally obsessed with the Ganga. What I wanted to do for the Ganga can be done in this department also. Why has it been changed? I cannot give you an answer — only the appropriate authority can give you the answer. But I am happy. Ganga was a reason for which I was little bit reluctant to fight elections because I wanted to work with a free spirit, for public awareness,” she was quoted as saying by The Indian Express.
It is believed that Bharti would be playing a big role in Madhya Pradesh assembly elections November this year and has already shifted her base to the state.
At least 32 people were killed and 61 injured in a suicide car bomb attack in Baghdad on Monday.
The attack was carried out by ISIS, in "honor" of French President François Hollande's visit to French troops in Iraq.
The bomber blew himself up while driving a pickup truck near an outdoor produce markert in Baghdad's Sadr City district.
On Saturday, ISIS carried out a similar attack in Iraq and follows Saturday's twin explosions, which killed 30 people in Baghdad's central market.
Though ISIS has not formally claimed the attack, the organization has claimed all recent attacks and is therefore assumed by the media and authorities to be responsible.
Louisiana lawmakers could soon debate whether a teacher killed in a school shooting should get the same benefits as an officer or firefighter killed in the line of duty.
The bill by Sen. Neil Riser, R-Columbia, puts teachers on par with first responders, giving their families access to survivor benefits. For example, the state would pay out $250,000 to the spouse or children of the school worker killed.
Riser says the death could be the result of anything from a school shooting to stepping in to break up a schoolyard fight.
"Who would ever think we'd be listing our teachers as first responders, but as it currently stands right now, if anything goes wrong, they are the first responders to the situations we have," Riser said.
Everyone from elementary school staff to a college professor is included under the bill. The legislation is backed by the Louisiana Federation of Teachers. The bill was scheduled for a committee hearing Monday, but did not come up for consideration.
RELATED: La. lawmakers draft bills letting teachers conceal carry in the classroom
The deadly Valentine's Day shooting at a Florida high school inspired several pieces of legislation at the state capitol during the 2018 session. Several bills allow teachers to be armed in the classroom, while others put new restrictions on gun sales.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
All change is hard. But there is something about kitchens that induces a special kind of paralysis. For many of us, it's easier to put up with an imperfect layout, inadequate storage, dark corners and dysfunctional appliances than it is to embark on improvements, and all the mess, disruption and expense that is so often the result when plumbing and electrical work is required.
This perhaps explains why the owners of this house waited two decades before they finally got the kitchen they wanted. They knew their ground-floor flat in Edinburgh's New Town could be more than it was; it was just difficult to take that first step. Now that the work is done, of course, they are wondering, as we all do, why they didn't act sooner.
In fact, they had a perfectly valid reason for hesitating: their home is in the city's World Heritage zone, and there is a multitude of restrictions on what can and can't be altered.
Achieving the size and layout they wanted for a new kitchen-diner meant two smaller rooms would have to be knocked together to create a single large space – and that meant listed building consent would have to be sought and won from the planning department.
Finally, 21 years after they moved in, with Kitchens International and local architects Lorn Macneal on board, the owners got the process underway. “One of the biggest challenges was all the planning and paperwork because of the listed-building status, but Lorn Macneal handled all this expertly,” says kitchen designer Stuart Miller.
This is just a taster, you can browse the full article with more stunning photography on pages 86-89, issue 111.
Subscribe now
DETAILS
Brief To create, from two originally separate rooms, a dual-purpose kitchen-dining room on the ground floor of a Georgian flat in Edinburgh.
Biggest challenge Working around the restrictions placed on this listed building. Any alteration had to be sympathetic to the fabric and style of the period property.
Budget Callerton kitchens start at £20,000 for the cabinetry.
Designer Stuart Miller at Kitchens International
Architect Lorn Macneal
Photography Douglas Gibb
Words Judy Diamond
NEW YORK (AP) — Prime-time viewership numbers compiled by Nielsen for Jan. 22-28. Listings include the week's ranking and viewership.
1. "Grammy Awards," CBS, 19.8 million.
2. "NCIS," CBS, 13.97 million.
3. "Bull," CBS, 11.08 million.
4. "The Good Doctor," ABC, 9.61 million.
5. "This is Us," NBC, 9.38 million.
6. "NCIS: New Orleans," CBS, 9.31 million.
7. "Grey's Anatomy," ABC, 8.62 million.
8. "Ellen's Game of Games," NBC, 7.57 million.
9. "Kevin Can Wait," CBS, 7.37 million.
10. "Grammy Awards Red Carpet," CBS, 6.96 million.
11. "The Big Bang Theory," 6.9 million.
12. "Chicago Med," NBC, 6.85 million.
13. "Blue Bloods," CBS, 6.848 million.
14. "Man With a Plan," CBS, 6.74 million.
15. "911," Fox, 6.57 million.
16. "Young Sheldon," CBS, 6.54 million.
17. "The Bachelor," ABC, 6.37 million.
18. "The Amazing Race," CBS, 6.18 million.
19. "America's Funniest Home Videos," ABC, 6.17 million.
20. "The Goldbergs," ABC, 6.09 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co.; CBS is a division of CBS Corp.; Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox; NBC is owned by NBC Universal.
PARIS — Sloane Stephens has dropped only six games in her first two matches at the French Open.
Those victories have impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe, who now believes the reigning U.S. Open champion can claim a second Grand Slam title at Roland Garros.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens dispatched qualifier Magdalena Frech 6-2, 6-2 in just over an hour on Wednesday.
The 10th-seeded American player, who never got past the fourth round in her six previous appearances at the tournament, is more cautious. She missed the tournament last year and went through a stretch of poor results after winning at Flushing Meadows. She knows getting carried away would be a big mistake.
"That's so sweet, that was nice of him," Stephens said about McEnroe's tweet. "I mean, I can't predict the future, I don't know. I would love to. We'll see next Saturday."
There is a very long way to go for Stephens, who has yet to meet top contenders in Paris. She will face a more serious test in the third round against Camila Giorgi of Italy, who has lost only eight games in the first two matches.
Giorgi has beaten Stephens twice in their three meetings, including a 6-3, 6-0 rout in Sidney this year on hard court. Stephens does not give too much importance to that result, though, as it came during her post-U.S. Open struggles following a knee injury.
"I was coming out of an injury and tried to get my season started," she said.
After winning in New York, Stephens did not win a match for the rest of the season. She was beaten in the first round at the Australian Open in January and struggled with her tennis until March when she won the title in Miami.
So for now in Paris, Stephens is just happy to "feel good."
PRAGUE, Czech Republic — Newcastle has completed the permanent signing of goalkeeper Martin Dubravka from Sparta Prague.
Sparta and Newcastle confirmed the transfer on Wednesday after the Premier League club activated an option to sign the 29-year-old Slovak, who joined the Magpies on loan in January.
Newcastle says Dubravka signed a contract until June 2022.
The goalkeeper had an impressive debut for Newcastle in a 1-0 victory over Manchester United and played 12 league matches overall.
Newcastle manager Rafa Benítez says: "We're delighted to finalize the permanent signing of Martin to Newcastle United today. Ever since he arrived with us on loan he has shown a fantastic attitude and great work ethic, and of course we have been very impressed with his performances for us on the pitch last season."
Dubravka has played 10 internationals for Slovakia.
By The Associated Press
A massive march in Nicaragua against President Daniel Ortega's government ended in violence Wednesday after gunmen opened fire on marchers.
The gunshots sent thousands of demonstrators running for cover in Managua, Nicaragua's capital, and there were unconfirmed reports of about a dozen people wounded.
An Associated Press photographer saw one person with a wound to the head carried off in a stretcher with a sheet covering his upper body, apparently dead.
The gunfire appeared to come from government supporters near the end of the march, but demonstrators armed with improvised bottle-rocket launchers also opened fire in the skirmish.
Human rights observers say more than 80 people have been killed amid a harsh crackdown by government security forces and allied civilian groups on protests that began in April, along with nearly 900 wounded and over 400 arrested.
Earlier in the day, influential business leaders called for early elections to resolve weeks of deadly unrest.
Carlos Pellas Chamorro, the country's most prominent businessman and believed to be the Central American nation's first billionaire, said in an interview with La Prensa newspaper that the Ortega government's political model is "worn out." He called for the election of a new government through "a free and transparent process."
"We must find an orderly solution, within the constitutional framework," Pellas added, "which implies reforms that entail moving up the elections" that right now are due to take place in 2021.
Pellas urged the immediate resignation of the entire electoral council, which has been accused of manipulating things to allow Ortega to consolidate power during his last 11 years in office.
Ortega told a counter-demonstration that he wasn't leaving.
Ortega most recently won re-election in November 2016, when opposition leaders had called for a boycott, alleged that the president had riged things in his favor and accused him of dynastic ambitions for picking first lady Rosario Murillo as his vice presidential running mate.
Grupo Lafise Bancocentro, one of the largest conglomerates in Nicaragua, also called for the next presidential vote to be moved up.
"Let it be the will of the people through early elections that establishes justice, democracy and freedom in our country," read the statement signed by the group's president, Roberto Zamora.
Protests that began in April over now-scrapped social security changes have since expanded into a broader movement seeking Ortega's exit.
Amnesty International issued a report this week accusing authorities of a strategy of repression characterized by the excessive use of force, extrajudicial executions, control of the media and the use of para-political groups to quash protests.
On Wednesday, which was Mothers' Day in Nicaragua, mothers of the victims had organized a protest march along main streets in the capital, Managua.
Talks sponsored by the Roman Catholic Church on ending the crisis were suspended indefinitely last week due to a lack of progress.
Pellas, whose fortune is estimated to be over $1.1 billion, is president of Grupo Pellas and has interests in sugar, automobiles, liquor, banking, health care and media, among other sectors.
(Reuters) - The white-nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia that turned violent on Saturday, leaving one counter-protester dead and dozens injured, has raised questions about how authorities should balance the right to free speech and public safety.
The U.S. Constitution's First Amendment protects free speech very broadly and it has historically set a high bar for courts weighing restrictions on what people can say, and where.
The following explains the U.S. approach to regulating speech and the options available to authorities looking to avoid a repeat of the bloodshed in Charlottesville.
Does the First Amendment protect hate speech?
Yes. A bedrock principle of U.S. jurisprudence is that the First Amendment allows for hate speech, including that which denigrates people on the basis of their race, gender or sexual orientation.
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2011 that the Westboro Baptist Church, known for its vitriolic "God Hates Fags" anti-gay campaign, could not be prevented from picketing at military funerals. In the landmark 1969 case Brandenburg v. Ohio, the high court upheld the free speech rights of a Ku Klux Klan member.
"The vast majority of speech that could be deemed hateful is protected by the First Amendment," said Will Creeley, a lawyer with the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education, a free-speech watchdog group.
The First Amendment only applies to government actors, however. Corporations and private citizens are free to censor speech taking place on their property.
Other countries take a less absolute position on free speech. Britain and Germany are among nations that have criminalized hate speech in various forms.
Can speech be regulated if it encourages violence?
In the Brandenburg case, the Supreme Court said speech loses First Amendment protection if it calls for and is likely to lead to "imminent lawless action."
The operative word is "imminent." Following Brandenburg, the high court clarified that vague threats of violence were protected by the First Amendment.
In 1982 the court said civil rights activist Charles Evers did not incite violence when he said blacks who did not participate in a boycott of white-owned businesses would "have their necks broken" by their own people. The statement was not specific enough to incite violence, the court said.
Creeley said that typical speech at white supremacist rallies falls far short of incitement to violence. He also said carrying firearms or other weapons would not be considered incitements to violence.
Geoffrey Stone, a professor of constitutional law at the University of Chicago Law School, said cities will face uphill battles if they try to prohibit rallies on the grounds that they incite violence.
“What Brandenburg is about is literal incitement - 'I'm encouraging you to kill somebody,' not just saying something that angers someone. That's different,” he said.
Can U.S. authorities regulate when and how speech takes place?
Yes. The government can place restrictions on the time, place and manner of a protest or rally. But such restrictions must be content-neutral and narrowly tailored.
"Government has to do everything possible to respect the right to free speech in public places," said John Jeffries, a professor at the University of Virginia School of Law. "When you think public protest might lead to violence the legal answer is not to say 'No.' The right answer is 'Yes, but...'"
Charlottesville's city government granted the organizers of Saturday's “Unite the Right” rally a permit to hold a demonstration in a one-acre park in the city's downtown. Citing concerns over safety and crowd size, the city later sought to move the demonstration to a larger park further from downtown.
A federal judge said on Friday the city could not move the protest, saying the rally's organizer presented evidence that the city's decision was “based on the content of his speech” rather than public safety considerations.
Could things change in the aftermath of the Charlottesville rally?
Because of what happened in Charlottesville, municipal governments and courts will likely weigh public safety concerns more heavily when considering issuing permits to white-nationalist groups, Jeffries said, which could lead to more time, place and manner restrictions on those groups' rallies.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – Talk show host Wang Ben-hu was in critical condition at the National Cheng Kung University Hospital in Tainan Wednesday, with reports saying a priest had been called in to pray with him.
Earlier in the day, hospital officials rejected media reports that the veteran supporter of Taiwan independence had already passed away.
Last month, reports emerged that Wang, 63, suffered from a rare disease which needed a bone marrow transplantation to cure. He was taken to hospital where his situation apparently deteriorated, but out of respect for his and his family's privacy, the institution refused to comment on the precise details of his condition.
A news team visited Wang's church Wednesday morning and was reportedly told the local priest and other members of the congregation had visited him in hospital to pray and sing hymns.
His current disease was reportedly not related to a cancer from which he recovered in 2013.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Gemalto, the world leader in digital security, today announces it has won an open tender with the Home Office, acting through Her Majesty's Passport Office (HMPO), for the production of the next generation of British passports and associated services.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005018/en/
Current British passport. Credit: istockphoto.
Gemalto, an international security company with substantial operations in the UK, won the contract following a rigorous competitive process which rated each bidder against strict requirements that included security capabilities, processes, technical quality and the value for money for the taxpayer. The contract is for 11.5 years, including 10 years of production and issuance services.
British citizens will soon carry one of the most technically advanced passports in the world thanks to a combination of high-end security features. For the first time, the British passport's data page (also known as the biographical data page) will be made from polycarbonate instead of paper. This material makes the document extremely secure; any attempt to tamper with it causes visible damage. The material is more durable than paper, preserving the integrity of the document over its lifespan. The digital component of the new British passport will rely on a highly secure Operating System designed to comply with ICAO* standards, developed and secured in-house by Gemalto.
Mark Thomson, Director General for HM Passport Office, said: “I am delighted that we have awarded the contract to design and produce the new blue passport. I look forward to working with Gemalto to continue to deliver a world-class service to British nationals around the world, and keep the UK passport as a global leader of document security.”
Howard Berg, Managing Director of Gemalto UK Ltd, said, “We are delighted to have been selected by Her Majesty's Passport Office to deliver the new generation of British passports. As a pioneer of cutting edge government document design, we're confident that the new passports will be the most attractive and most secure ever, as befits the British traveller.”
The passports will be personalised in the UK to ensure all citizens' personal and biometric data remains in the country. This process will further extend Gemalto's presence in the UK, where it has operated for the last 25 years and create new jobs, supplementing the 500+ staff which Gemalto already employs in the UK, as well as generating secondary economic benefits in the local communities where Gemalto will be manufacturing the passports. In line with HMPO tender requirements, Gemalto has developed a complete business continuity plan, featuring the multi sourcing of key components and a manufacturing capability distributed over several factories.
Gemalto will be manufacturing the first CarbonNeutral® certified passport. The carbon footprint of the new British passport will be independently measured, validated and reduced to net zero in line with The CarbonNeutral Protocol – the global standard for carbon neutrality.
Frederic Trojani, Executive Vice President of Gemalto Government Business Unit added, “Over the past decade, Gemalto has helped develop some of the world's most secure passports, including landmark projects in Norway, Sweden, USA, Finland and Singapore. We look forward to working with Her Majesty's Passport Office to deliver one of the most technically advanced passports ever.”
Gemalto has extensive experience in developing secure government documents; its products and solutions are deployed in more than 200 active government programs worldwide including over 40 ePassport programs. It has pioneered secure document techniques, including polycarbonate data pages and a wide portfolio of visual and tactile features to protect citizens' identities with top results in the various benchmarks organised by the industry. Last year Gemalto acquired Cogent, a leading identity and biometric security company, adding further expertise and scale across the spectrum of biometric solutions, with a particular focus in civil identification, border control and law enforcement.
*ICAO (International Civil Aviation Organization)
Notes to editors
For more information contact: Gemalto Press Office at Brands2Life gemaltouk@brands2life.com / 0207 592 1200
About Gemalto
Gemalto (Euronext NL0000400653 GTO) is the global leader in digital security, with 2017 annual revenues of €3 billion and customers in over 180 countries. We bring trust to an increasingly connected world.
From secure software to biometrics and encryption, our technologies and services enable businesses and governments to authenticate identities and protect data so they stay safe and enable services in personal devices, connected objects, the cloud and in between.
Gemalto's solutions are at the heart of modern life, from payment to enterprise security and the internet of things. We authenticate people, transactions and objects, encrypt data and create value for software – enabling our clients to deliver secure digital services for billions of individuals and things.
Our 15,000 employees operate out of 114 offices, 40 personalization and data centers, and 35 research and software development centers located in 47 countries.
For more information visit www.gemalto.com, or follow @gemalto on Twitter.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005018/en/
CONTACT: Gemalto Press Office at Brands2Life
0207 592 1200
gemaltouk@brands2life.com
or
Gemalto media contacts:
Tauri Cox, +1 512 257 3916
North America
tauri.cox@gemalto.com
or
Sophie Dombres, +33 4 42 36 57 38
Europe Middle East & Africa
sophie.dombres@gemalto.com
or
Jaslin Huang, +65 6317 3005
Asia Pacific
jaslin.huang@gemalto.com
or
Enriqueta Sedano, +52 5521221422
Latin America
enriqueta.sedano@gemalto.com
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM EUROPE NORTH AMERICA CANADA NETHERLANDS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE OTHER TECHNOLOGY SECURITY MOBILE/WIRELESS
SOURCE: Gemalto
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 01:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 01:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005018/en
In one of 60 spacious dance studios at the Beijing Dance Academy, Pei Yu Meng practices a tricky step from Jorma Elo's Over Glow. She's standing among other students, but they all work alone, with the help of teachers calling out corrections from the front of the room. On top of her strong classical foundation and clean balletic lines, Pei Yu's slithery coordination and laser-sharp focus give her dancing a polished gleam. Once she's mastered the pirouette she's been struggling with, she repeats the step over and over until the clock reaches 12 pm for lunch. Here, every moment is a chance to approach perfection.
Pei Yu came to the school at age 10 from Hebei, a province near Beijing. Now 20, and in her third year of BDA's professional program, she is an example of a new kind of Chinese ballet student. Founded in 1954 by the country's communist government, BDA is a fully state-funded professional training school with close to 3,000 students and 275 full-time teachers over four departments (ballet, classical Chinese dance, social dance and musical theater). It offers degrees in performance, choreography and more. BDA's ballet program has long been known for fostering pristine Russian-style talent. But since 2011, the school has made major efforts to broaden ballet students' knowledge of Chinese dance traditions and the works of Western contemporary ballet choreographers. Pointe went inside this prestigious academy to see how BDA trains its dancers.
Getting In
BDA's admission process is extremely competitive, despite the school's large numbers. The ballet program is made up of a lower division, lasting seven years, and a four-year professional bachelor program.
The professional division's admission procedure is extensive. Every year, hundreds of students ages 16 to 18 audition in Beijing over the course of two days, presenting classical and contemporary variations and improvisational work, and taking an academic exam. "We are looking to produce artists with the technical skills to excel in professional companies and the knowledge to work in all jobs in the field of dance," says the ballet department's executive and artistic director and former National Ballet of China principal Zhirui (Regina) Zou.
Nearly 100 are currently enrolled in the professional ballet program. Though the school does admit foreign applicants, it does not host international students very often because the academic entrance exam measures Chinese language proficiency (most classes are taught in Chinese). BDA does participate in exchange programs with ballet schools around the world.
A Typical Day
Students begin their days with an early 8 am technique class. Following the Vaganova method, classes are strict and focus on precise positions and placement. Upper levels are split to keep class size small—around eight students per class. Teachers correct individual students—usually only the best ones, positioned front and center—using the terms "not good" (bù haˇo) and "better" (gèng haˇo), but rarely awarding praise.
The day continues with classical Chinese dance, character, contemporary, repertoire and pas de deux, as well as dance history, anatomy, music appreciation and injury prevention. "Classical Chinese dance is a large part of our identity as Chinese ballet dancers," explains Zou. She points out an example from a girls' ballet class, where students circle their heads as if in a reverse renversé during an attitude promenade. "Chinese dance focuses on circular upper-body movements, a unique coordination that complements ballet technique."
Rehearsals and classes can end as late as 9 pm. Students live on campus in dormitories; with little free time and all focus placed on their futures, they consider BDA home until graduation.
BDA's ballet department in a performance of "La Bayadère." Photo Courtesy BDA.
Stage Time
Performance is the most important aspect of BDA students' professional development, with annual productions featuring classical ballets, contemporary works and student choreography. Since dancers don't usually audition internationally, these performances are their chance to be discovered—directors from surrounding Chinese companies, including the National Ballet of China, attend in order to scout new talent.
As a result, preparation is intense. In a studio rehearsal for La Bayadère, Act II, no understudies are present, and any imperfection is pointed out by one of four coaches at the front of the room. All lines, heads, arms and feet are perfectly placed. Although Pei Yu sparkles in her variation, the other dancers are similarly strong and dedicated. Students run the piece twice for stamina. Between run-throughs, each fastidiously practices difficult sections, never satisfied with the results.
Dancers approach more contemporary movement with a mature coordination mirroring many professional dancers. Recent performances have included works by Paul Taylor, Jorma Elo and Christopher Wheeldon; students often get to work with the choreographers directly. Pei Yu learned Over Glow from Elo himself. "He showed us how to handle rhythm with the whole body," she says. "Ballet has so many rules, but contemporary ballet makes me feel excited and free."
Sun Jie, a coach and men's teacher at BDA since 2008, explains how introducing works from Western choreographers has broadened the overall abilities of Chinese ballet dancers. "When we started to teach new works at BDA in 2011, students struggled to move freely or adapt to new movement," he says. "But learning these styles over time has opened dancers' eyes to new possibilities."
Life After Graduation
BDA students enter professional life somewhat older than in the West, with graduates ranging from 20 to 22 years old. Only the most promising students receive company contracts, but others accept teaching and other dance-related posts at BDA and surrounding dance schools and institutions.
Although many have won awards at international competitions, the school does not actively focus on competing. "To prepare competitors, so much attention must be placed on individual students, whereas performances encourage the entire student body," says Zou.
Even so, competitions have given these students international exposure, though only a small percentage of graduates accept jobs abroad. BDA alumni in American companies include San Francisco Ballet soloists Wei Wang and Wanting Zhao and ABT corps members Zhiyao Zhang and Xuelan Lu.
With graduation in sight, Pei Yu shares the same dream as many of her classmates: a spot with the National Ballet of China. P
A men's classical Chinese dance class. Photo by Lucy Van Cleef.
Beijing's Bournonville Connection
Exposure to the Danish Bournonville style is a special component of the diverse ballet education that BDA offers. Former Royal Danish Ballet artistic director Frank Andersen has been a guest teacher at the school since 2002, and was awarded a professorship in 2012. So far, BDA students have performed in Bournonville ballets including Napoli's Act III, La Ventana and Conservatory, and some danced in the National Ballet of China's 2015 production of La Sylphide. Thanks to almost 23 years of Andersen's work in Beijing, Bournonville has found a second home in China.
Though there are Bournonville technique classes when time allows, Andersen imparts those lessons through the repertoire and Danish mime. "The most important part is making the mime believable," Andersen explains. "Young dancers often have the urge to overact. If I can't describe what I want with words, I have to show them." He holds his hands towards his chest, indicating the sign for "I." "Showing can be more effective than telling. That's the beauty of Bournonville's work. It's so honest."
NETFLIX
No one, outside of Netflix CCO Ted Sarandos and maybe the company janitor who's also an undercover hacker knows how popular Stranger Things is, outside of “very.” The company is that guarded about its ratings. So, it's always a little surprising when specific numbers are attached to any Netflix series, especially the streaming service's (presumably) the biggest hit. According to The Hollywood Reporter, the Stranger Things cast is getting a massive pay bump in season three, with the young cast earning 12 times their previous salaries.
According to sources, the main actors are divided into different pay tiers. Winona Ryder (Joyce) and David Harbour (Jim Hopper) make up the “A tier” and are making up to $350,000 an episode. The “B tier” consists of the young stars — Finn Wolfhard (Mike), Gaten Matarazzo (Dustin), Caleb McLaughlin (Lucas) and Noah Schnapp (Will) — who are each collecting $250,000 per episode. Meanwhile, the actors in the “C tier” — onscreen teenagers Natalia Dyer (Nancy), Charlie Heaton (Jonathan) and Joe Keery (Steve) — are each pocketing roughly $150,000 an episode. (Via)
In previous seasons, Ryder and Harbour were paid $100,000 and $80,000 an episode, respectively, while the kids earned somewhere in the low $20,000s.
For comparison's sake: five stars on Game of Thrones — Emilia Clarke, Peter Dinklage, Kit Harington, Lena Headey, and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau — make $500,000 per episode. That's more than Stranger Things‘ “A tier” cast, but Thrones has fewer episodes per season; season seven was seven episodes long, compared to nine for season two of Stranger Things. Also, if you're wondering why breakout Millie Bobbie Brown isn't listed in the “A” or “B” tier, that's because “her camp has been tight-lipped throughout the dealmaking process.” Here's a behind-the-scenes look at her contract negotiations.
NETFLIX
Two million an episode it is.
(Via The Hollywood Reporter)
Award-winning journalist John Hockenberry and his popular radio show The Takeaway are coming to Buffalo on April 25. The program will record a segment before a live audience at WNED|WBFO. A segment will be aired on The Takeaway on April 26.
WBFO's Brian Meyer recently talked with Hockenberry about his distinguished career and his upcoming visit to Western New York:
The Assam Government signed a MoU with National Building Construction Corporation (India) Ltd on Friday for setting up a Twin Tower Trade Centre here at a projected cost of Rs 1.950 crore in self-financing mode, just ahead of Global Investors' Summit. The project will be implemented at Basistha Crossing near NH-37 within a period of sixty months.
In a major development ahead of the Global Investors' Summit, the Assam government signed a MoU with National Building Construction Corporation (India) Ltd on Friday for setting up a Twin Tower Trade Centre here at a projected cost of Rs 1.950 crore in self-financing mode. The project will be implemented at Basistha Crossing near NH-37 within a period of sixty months. The construction work of the Twin Tower will commence from July 2018 using green technologies and would reflect rich natural heritage and culture of Assam.
“This building is not just an impressive structure but it embodies the spirit of progress, the aspirations of the youth and a world-class design,” said Union Housing and Urban Affairs Minister Hardeep Singh Puri on the occasion.”Today we are two and a half trillion dollar economy and fifty percent of it is the external sector. This economy is going to be six trillion dollars by the year 2025 and we should, therefore, be thinking along the lines of Prime Minister's vision of Swacchata, Housing for all and Smart Cities to reap maximum dividend,” he said adding that the Twin Tower building is going to be not only a symbol of the greatness of Assam but also a visible manifestation of PM's Act East Policy.
He also urged NBCC to maintain the project guidelines and assured to extend all support from the central government. Chief Minister of Assam Sarbananda Sonowal in his speech said that the state government in its aim of creating an ecosystem through which state would prosper decided to build the Twin Tower Trade Centre to develop an international environment for business.
Hill posted a season-best 1:56.43 in the 800 for second place behind UT-Martin's Leonel Perez.
Knight finished sixth in the 110-meter hurdles in 16.16, placed fifth in the long jump with a mark of 21-7.25 and was fifth in the triple jump with a mark of 43-4.25. Scott posted a mark of 44-3.5 in the shot put and 128-6 in the discus, finishing fifth in both events.
The men's 4x100-meter relay team placed third in 42.90 while the “B” team was sixth in 43.54 and the 4x400-meter relay finished third in 3:28.79.
Craft led the Cumberland women's team, taking fifth in the triple jump with a mark of 38-6.25, while Barnett finished fifth in the discus with a mark of 109-5 and was eighth in the shot put at 38-6.
Cumberland will compete again in two weeks at the Mid-South Conference Championships on April 28-29 in Williamsburg, Ky.
Transcript for Boy asks school safety question during White House press briefing
And that young colleague in the back. Hopefully. Hopefully today's artists tough is bring your kids to work day questions. He needs me I'll walk out. I think that. As a kid and certainly as a parent. There is nothing could be more terrifying for a kid go to school in capsules say so I'm sorry that you feel no way. This administration takes it seriously. And at the school safety commission that the president convened is beating this week again an official meeting. To discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids and our schools. And to make them feel safe enact their parents feel good about dropping them off.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
DOBSON — The Surry County Sheriff's Office has released the following arrest reports:
• Amy Lynn Mears, 33, of Chatham Road, Mount Airy, was served an order for arrest Jan. 10 on counts of second-degree trespassing, breaking and entering, and larceny. She was given bonds of $1,500 and $4,000 with court dates of Feb. 7 and 22.
Mears also was scheduled to have a court appearance Thursday for charges of larceny, possession of stolen goods and possession of drug paraphernalia.
She also has a court date Feb. 16 for counts of driving while license revoked (not impaired), driving with no insurance, no registration, and having a fictitious or altered registration/plate.
• Sandra Kay Burns, 40, of Maple Drive, Mount Airy, was served warrants Jan. 11 on charges of larceny and possession of stolen goods, dated Dec. 18. She was released on a written promise to appear in court Feb. 26.
She also has a Feb. 5 date for charges of violating probation by leaving the county and felony probation violation. She has a March 12 date to face larceny and second-degree trespassing.
• James Brandon Bennett, 38, of Germanton, was served a warrant in Dobson Jan. 11 for failure to appear in court that morning on a charge of driving on a suspended license. He was released on a written promise to appear in court the next day.
• Kenneth Ray Swift, 51, of West End Drive, Mount Airy, was served a criminal summons Jan. 11 on a charge of assault with a deadly weapon, dated Dec. 6. He was scheduled a court appearance for the next day.
• Jacqulyn Leann Rochford, 31, of Secret Garden Road, Mount Airy, was served an order for arrest Jan. 12 for failure to appear in court Sept. 14 and again Nov. 28. She was given two secured bonds that came to $7,000 total with court dates on Feb. 14 and 15.
The charges Feb. 14 are two counts of possession of a Schedule II drug, possession of a Schedule III drug, possession of marijuana, and possession of drug paraphernalia. On Feb. 15 the counts are possession of a Schedule III drug, possession of drug paraphernalia, and resisting an officer.
She also has a court date Jan. 22 for felony charges of breaking and entering, larceny after breaking in, and possession of stolen goods.
On March 27 she has a court appearance to discuss extradition to another state for further charges.
• Kimberly Ann Speer, 18, of Tall Pine Lane, Elkin, was served an order for arrest Jan. 12 at the courthouse for failure to appear in court earlier in the day on a charge of simple affray (fighting in a public place that disturbs the peace). She was given a $1,000 secured bond and a Feb. 2 court date.
• Yovani Hernandez Abarca, 31, of Elkin, was served an order for arrest Jan. 12 for four counts of failure to appear in court Dec. 11. The original charges were two counts of domestic assault on a female, assault with a deadly weapon and communicating threats. He was given a $2,000 secured bond and a Feb. 9 court date.
• Dylan Jeremiah Pozo, 19, of Broad Street, Mount Airy, was served an order for arrest Jan. 12 for failure to appear in court the day before on a charge of possession of a Schedule VI drug. He was given a $300 cash bond and a Feb. 8 court date.
• Ryan Stuart Draughn, 37, of Tractor Trail, Dobson, was served an order for arrest at the courthouse for failure to appear in court earlier that day on charges of assault and battery and assault on a female. He was given a $1,000 secured bond and a March 9 court date.
by Eric Welch
Water temperature: 65-68 degrees, lake level: full pool, clarity: clear
Bass: The fishing has been great. There are some fish that are finishing up spawning, and there are some that are on their way out to their summer staging areas. I've been starting my mornings out throwing topwater, with my baits of choice being a Strike King Sexy Dawg and a Whopper Plopper. I'm throwing these around brush, backs of pockets and spawning flats targeting the fish before they make their way back out to deeper water. There is also fish guarding fry around brush and docks. These areas are good places to throw a Fluke.
Once the sun gets up, I'm targeting the long points and spawning flats with a tube, shaky head and jig in depths around 12 to 20 feet. As the water gets warmer and the fish go to their summer pattern, I will start targeting these fish with a drop shot, Strike King Ocho rigged Neko with a 1/16 Tungsten nail weight and a shaky head. If you have a windy day, throw a 3/8 ounce white spinnerbait. As the fish start moving out deeper and off shore, you will start seeing them on your electronics.
Give Welch's Guide Service a call. We are your #1 guide service, and we've been doing it since 2001. Good luck!
BALUKHALI REFUGEE CAMP, Bangladesh (AP) — The Associated Press confirms more than 5 mass graves in Myanmar through videos, interviews with dozens of survivors .
At 5 years old, Joseph Livingston faced a brutal third-degree burn. The cause: consumer fireworks.He was celebrating Labor Day in Columbia, Md., with his neighbors back in 2016.One of the neighbors was playing with fireworks when a sparkler went off, striking Joseph. He suffered first-, second- and third-degree burns on his legs.Now, at 7 years old, Joseph is still receiving treatments at Johns Hopkins' Pediatric Trauma and Burn Unit after suffering the consequences of consumer firework dangers.The National Fire Protection Association, a trade organization that advocates for fire safety, found that 12,900 people were treated at U.S. hospital emergency rooms for firework-related injuries last year. Children under the age of 15 accounted for more than a third of those injuries.Fireworks can reach temperatures nearly 2,000 degrees and sparklers can reach 1,200, according to the organization.To put that into perspective, water's boiling point is 212 degrees.More fires are reported on July 4 than any other day of the year and 50 percent of those are caused by fireworks, the organization found.It urges people to not use consumer fireworks.
WASHINGTON — U.S. President Donald Trump is offering his condolences to Canadians following Monday's deadly van attack on pedestrians in Toronto.
He made the remarks amid the pomp of a White House ceremony Tuesday as he welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron for a state visit, the first of the Trump presidency.
Trump began the affair by offering his hopes for a speedy recovery for George H.W. Bush, the former president who now hospitalized with an infection following the death of his wife Barbara.
He then mentioned the attack in Toronto, where 10 people were killed and 15 others injured when a rental van mounted the sidewalk and plowed through a crowd of passersby.
SYDNEY (AP) — The men's and women's finals of the Twenty20 Cricket World Cup in 2020 will be played at the Melbourne Cricket Ground as Cricket Australia affords both tournaments equal billing.
For the first time, the men's and women's tournaments will be played as stand-alone events in the same country. The 10-team women's event will run from Feb. 21 to March 8 and the 16-team men's tournament from Oct. 18 to Nov. 15.
Both semifinals of the women's tournament will be played in Sydney while the men's semifinals will be split between the Sydney Cricket Ground and Adelaide Oval. Finals will then take place at the 100,000-seat MCG, Australia's largest stadium and venue for the final of the 2015 men's one-day international World Cup, which drew 93,000 fans.
A total of 13 stadiums in eight Australian cities — Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, Canberra, Geelong, Hobart, Perth and Brisbane — will host matches during the two events.
The men's tournament has been expanded so that the previous Super 10 stage now becomes a Super 12 with eight automatic qualifiers, and the top two teams from two four-team pools which will contest the group stage.
The International Cricket Council is hoping the women's final will draw a world record crowd for a women's sports event after 24,000 attended the final of the women's 50-overs World Cup at Lord's in July last year.
The Australian record for a women's sports event is 41,000, which attended a soccer match in Adelaide in 1929. The world record is 90,185 for the women's FIFA World Cup final in 1999.
"Australia is a sporting nation, with diverse and passionate fans who love cricket," organizing committee chief executive Nick Hockey said. "We've designed ICC World T20, comprising stand-alone women's and men's events, to be more inclusive, more accessible and more connected than ever before so that everyone can join in."
The Australian women's team has won three of the previous five Twenty20 World Cups and will be attempting to win back the world crown they lost to the West Indies in 2016. The West Indies are also the current men's champions.
Uproxx / Baldemar Fierro / Josh Martin
The first time I met the surfboard shaper Terry Martin, he was wearing frayed khaki shorts, a paint-splattered tee shirt, and fur-lined Ugg boots. His movements were loose and energetic. His voice and facial expression revealed a sort of aww shucks optimism. In short, he oozed that patented SoCal surf stoke that outsiders can never quite wrap their heads around; the Golden Retriever eagerness that East Coasters sometimes perceived as insincere, shallow, or even fake.
But the man I met was the opposite of those things. He was perhaps the most sincere person I've ever known — in love with the surfer's quest for the perfect ride in a way that might read like a Hollywood cliché, if it weren't so grounded in history. Because Terry Martin was not a copy of some extra on Gidget. He was a true original. The most genuine of genuine articles.
“I'm still as excited about your board as I was about the first one I made, when I was 14,” he told me that day. “I can't wait for you to get out in the water, then you gotta come back and tell me how it went.”
Martin was 68-years-old we had that conversation, at the tail end of a historic career. He'd made more surfboards than anyone in history, for just about every surfer on earth, and ridden out every rogue wave the industry could throw at him. He was the John Henry of the sport — making boards by hand when the big brands turned to cheap, machine-cut products, then outlasting those machines as the industry slowly pivoted back to its artisanal roots.
Estimates put Martin's career output at 80,000 boards. For what it's worth, everyone I know feels like that's undershooting the number. Still, he maintained a certain energy — a passion for his craft that's woefully rare after so long in any industry.
Small Business Administrator Linda McMahon stands with her six grandchildren as Vice President Mike Pence signs the affidavit of appointment during her swearing in ceremony Eisenhower Executive Office Building in the White House complex, in Washington, Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
(Reuters) - Phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald Trump's presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election, the New York Times reported on Tuesday, citing four current and former U.S. officials.
U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time they were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee, three of the officials said, according to the Times.
The intelligence agencies then sought to learn whether the Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election, the newspaper said.
The officials interviewed in recent weeks said they had seen no evidence of such cooperation so far, it said.
However, the intercepts alarmed U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies, in part because of the amount of contact that was occurring while Trump was speaking glowingly about Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The intercepted calls are different from the wiretapped conversations last year between Michael Flynn, Trump's former national security adviser, and Sergei I. Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, the Times said.
During those calls, the two men discussed sanctions that the Obama administration imposed on Russia in December. Flynn misled the White House about those calls and was asked to resign on Monday night.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request from Reuters for comment on the Times story.
The Times reported that the officials said the intercepted communications were not limited to Trump campaign officials, and included other Trump associates.
On the Russian side, the contacts also included members of the Russian government outside the intelligence services, the officials told the Times. All of the current and former officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because the continuing investigation is classified, the newspaper reported.
The officials said one of the advisers picked up on the calls was Paul Manafort, who was Trump's campaign chairman for several months last year and had worked as a political consultant in Russia and Ukraine, the Times said. The officials declined to identify the other Trump associates on the calls.
Manafort, who has not been charged with any crimes, dismissed the accounts of the U.S. officials in a telephone interview with the Times on Tuesday.
Several of Trump's associates, like Manafort, have done business in Russia. It is not unusual for U.S. businessmen to come in contact with foreign intelligence officials, sometimes unwittingly, in countries like Russia and Ukraine, where the spy services are deeply embedded in society, according to the Times.
Law enforcement officials did not say to what extent the contacts may have been about business, the Times said.
Officials would not disclose many details, including what was discussed on the calls, which Russian intelligence officials were on the calls, and how many of Trump's advisers were talking to the Russians. It is also unclear whether the conversations had anything to do with Trump himself, the Times said.
(Writing by Eric Beech; Editing by Paul Tait)
PLEASANT HOPE, Mo. (AP) — An employee has been seriously injured in an explosion at a pyrotechnics plant in southwest Missouri.
KSPR-TV reports that a fire subsequently broke out Tuesday at the AM Pyrotechnics plant in Pleasant Hope, which supplies big fireworks shows.
Fire Protection District Fire Chief Jake Agee says there was a report of a loud explosion and by the time firefighters arrived, more explosions had taken place.
Firefighters said most of the workers left the building before the fire, but one person remained inside.
Agee says the woman was removed from the building with serious injuries and flown to a hospital.
Agee says several fire departments responded to the blaze and that the cause of the explosion is under investigation.
Manish Malhotra and woolmark company unveiled a collection 'Inaya'. The Inaya collection is the malhotra's first Merino wool line which presents this fibre in a diffrent way. Merino wool elaborates the charm of kashmir and is biodegradable and a renewable fibre.The collection is made with 80 percent of merino wool, The newly unveiled collection will be available in the designer's high-end clientele at Manish Malhotra store in India, Dubai, Europe, and Britian. "Inaya" presents wool Sarees for women and bandhgalas and sherwanis for men. The collection begined with the special screening "slowing down of fast fashion" an insightful documentary by Alex James and fallowed by the interactive panel discussion to catch the pulse of the global topic. The session concluded with a special showcase by Malhotra with live installation of Merino wool-inspired collection
In an effort to promote sustainable fashion in India, the Woolmark Company and couturier Manish Malhotra unveiled a capsule collection using natural fibre Merino Wool titled ‘Inaya' at Lakme Fashion Week (LFW) Summer/Resort 2018.The ‘Inaya' collection is Malhotra's first Merino wool line which presents this fibre in a way like never before. The newly unveiled signature collection will be available to the designer's high-end clientele at Manish Malhotra stores in India, Dubai, Europe, and Britain.
Capturing the essence of the ongoing sustainable fashion dialogue, ‘Inaya' presents wool sarees for women and bandhgalas and sherwanis for men, throwing the spotlight on Merino wool as a natural, biodegradable and renewable fibre. Inspired by the elaborate and traditional art, motifs and the old-world charm of Kashmir, the collection – made with 80 per cent Merino wool – brought together the state's artisans and culture. Classic and bold jewel tone colors including black, maroon and emerald green along with intricate tilla and zari embroidery were used to pay an ode to the timeless beauty of the state.
The event opened with a special screening of “Slowing down of fast fashion”- an insightful documentary by Alex James, followed by an interactive panel discussion aimed at capturing the pulse of this relevant global topic. The panel discussion, moderated by Priyanka Khanna, saw designers Ruchika Sachdeva and COO of Campaign for Wool and IWTO President Peter Ackroyd, participate in active debates on the environmental cost of the industry, consumption of fast fashion and their use after they are out of fashion.
The session concluded with a special fashion showcase by Malhotra with a live installation displaying the Merino wool-inspired collection. I am delighted to be associated with The Woolmark Company yet again for a capsule collection using Merino wool. Wool as a fabric is under-utilized yet has a brimming potential to work with. My collection ‘Inaya' means care and concern in Kashmir inspired by valley's timeless beauty, culture, and tradition,” he said.
“The pieces are crafted in intricate Kashmiri embroidery and is my attempt to bring together the exceptional craftsmanship with Merino wool. The idea behind the showcase is my belief that sustainable fashion is the way forward and therefore it's my attempt to boost sustainability and bring limelight to sustainable fashion in India as Merino wool is an excellent direction to go ahead with.”The collection that is called ‘Inaya' stands true to my way of paying tribute to Kashmiri craft and concern for the sustainable fashion, it will comprise of Merino wool saris for women and Merino wool bandhgalas and sherwanis for men in pastel hues such as ivory, yellow and blue,” added the designer.
Woolmark Company Managing Director, Stuart McCullough said: “We take pride in highlighting Australian wool's position as the ultimate natural fibre grown year-round. Our collaborations and projects in India are aimed at unfolding the natural and renewable story behind Merino wool to newer audiences.
“Our co-created collection with legendary designer Manish Malhotra – Inaya – truly represents this philosophy and highlights Merino wool and Indian craftsmanship seamlessly, pushing many boundaries. As we progress into an age with increasing consumer awareness, we're confident that Merino wool's natural proposition will hold strong and truer than ever.”
TORONTO — Canada's main stock index closed higher Wednesday helped by broad-based gains in the health-care, energy, and gold sectors.
The S&P/TSX composite index closed up 41.56 points at 16,304.72 on a day that saw lighter than usual trading.
In New York, Wall Street markets were closed for the U.S. July 4 holiday.
The Canadian dollar averaged 76.09 cents US, up 0.07 of a US cent.
Thieves with armloads of stolen laptops and vacuum cleaners literally walked straight into the arms of police.It happened at a Costco in Seattle last week and it was caught on video.Officers responded to reports of shoplifting in progress. They arrested a woman who was sitting in a car pulled up to the store's emergency fire doors.Police say it was the getaway car.Officers were waiting when a man and a woman loaded down with stolen property kicked the doors open. The suspects tried to make a run for it but police nabbed them.Investigators say they had been spotted shoplifting from the store before.
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. (AP) — The Latest on a helicopter that crashed into a Southern California home (all times local):
3:10 p.m.
Authorities say three people are dead after a small helicopter crashed into a home near a Southern California airport.
Two other people were injured when the Robinson R44 smashed into the side of the home in Newport Beach at about 1:45 p.m. Tuesday.
Newport Beach fire Capt. Chip Duncan says it's unclear whether the three people who were killed were on board the four-seat chopper.
An eyewitness tells KCAL-TV that he saw the pilot lying injured but alive on the grass and there were three other people inside the wreckage.
There was no fire and it's unclear whether anybody was in the home.
The Federal Aviation Administration says the helicopter had taken off from John Wayne Airport. The airport is about a mile from the crash site.
___
2:39 p.m.
A small helicopter has crashed into a home near a Southern California airport but there's no immediate confirmation of any injuries.
John Wayne Airport says a Robinson 44 helicopter struck the home in Newport Beach a mile southeast of the airport on Tuesday afternoon.
News reports showed the helicopter upside down on the porch of the home but there was no fire.
North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador is accusing the United States of turning the Korean peninsula into "the world's biggest hotspot" and creating "a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment."
Kim In Ryong told a news conference Monday that U.S.-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever "aggressive war drill." He said North Korea's measures to bolster its nuclear forces are self-defensive "to cope with the U.S. vicious nuclear threat and blackmail."
He says his country "is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the U.S."
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Super Rugby-winning coach Chris Boyd will leave the Wellington-based Hurricanes at the end of the tournament to join England club Northampton as its director of rugby.
Boyd, who is also a former coach of the New Zealand Under-20s, was seen as a possible future All Blacks coach but has chosen to join an exodus of top New Zealand coaching talent to overseas clubs.
He follows Dave Rennie, who won two Super Rugby titles with the Chiefs and is now coaching in Scotland, and Jamie Joseph, who guided the Highlanders to a maiden Super Rugby title, and is now coaching Japan.
Boyd said it was tough to leave the Hurricanes after four seasons "but the opportunity at Northampton presented an exciting new challenge that was too good to pass up."
Pacific Management Investment Co. has chosen Austin, Texas, for a new office as the firm seeks to recruit tech talent and broaden marketing in the U.S.
The office will open later this year and is expected to expand to about 200 employees, mostly new hires, by 2019, according to a statement Tuesday.
“Austin will play an important part in Pimco's continued growth and we are excited to become part of this vibrant, innovative community,” Emmanuel “Manny” Roman, Pimco's chief executive, said in the statement.
Pimco sought the new location, its third in the U.S., mostly because of the high cost and competition for recruiting skilled technologists to its headquarters in Newport Beach and its New York office, Roman said in an April 5 interview. Financial firms including Pimco and BlackRock Inc. are increasingly turning to advanced technology, such as artificial intelligence, for portfolio management, economic forecasting, client relations and other operations.
Roman cited Charles Schwab Corp. as a model of a financial firm that established a facility outside California to recruit technologists. Since 2013, Schwab has been developing office space in Phoenix, Denver, Austin and Dallas.
“We scrubbed the whole of the U.S. in terms of tech talent, location, airport, taxes, what have you,” Roman said during the interview in Newport Beach. “But the core of the firm is staying here.”
Austin, with a population approaching 1 million, is sometimes nicknamed “Silicon Hills,” with more than 5,600 technology companies and 150,000 college students, including the University of Texas at Austin, according to the Greater Austin Chamber of Commerce. As well as hosting the annual South by Southwest conference, it's home to offices for companies such as Apple Inc., Google parent Alphabet and Amazon Dimensional Fund Advisors, a money manager with $586 billion in assets and more than 1,200 employees moved its headquarters to Austin in 2008 from Santa Monica.
About half of the employees at Pimco's Austin office will work in technology with others in marketing and wealth management, but not portfolio managers or traders, Roman said in the interview.
“This office is one of many investments Pimco is making to take advantage of opportunities in the asset management industry globally, including expansion in Asia-Pacific and additional resources in many areas including technology,” Roman said in the statement.
Patrick Feigley, head of sales for U.S. global wealth management, will lead the office, the firm's 13th worldwide.
Pimco has trading floors at offices in Newport Beach, New York, London, Munich, Tokyo and Singapore with a new one opening in Hong Kong. It's relocating a Brazil office to São Paulo from Rio de Janeiro this year and has applied to open for business in Taiwan. The last new office Pimco opened was Rio in 2012.
The unit of German insurance firm Allianz SE oversaw $1.77 trillion in assets as of March 31. The Wall Street Journal reported earlier Tuesday that Austin was the winning city, beating Dallas and Denver.
Retired world boxing champion Floyd Mayweather and Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) champion Conor McGregor will go head to head in a light middleweight boxing contest on August 26, 2017 which will be held in Las Vegas. Both the legendary fighters confirmed the match on their Twitter accounts.
McGregor and Mayweather gloat of unprecedentedly decorated careers in their respective sports, and their incredible titles show they are forces to reckon with.
The American boxer, Mayweather, retired in 2015 after clashing with Philippine's Manny Pacquiao in what was termed as the ‘Fight of the Century'. He won a staggering 49 matches and never lost a single one in his entire career that spanned almost 20 years.
40-year-old Mayweather took a u-turn on his retirement which he announced in 2008 and went on to win another 10 matches before finally hanging his gloves in 2015.
On the other hand, mixed martial artist Conor McGregor who is known for his ruthless attacking style, became UFC's first dual-division champion last year. The Irish fighter got his boxing license in December, 2016 which enabled him to practice his profession in the United States.
If reports are to be believed then the upcoming match could break all records moneywise, where each of the sportsmen can bag up to US $100 million.
Considering the stature of the two greatest fighters of their generation, the anticipation among fans is incredibly immense.
Despite looking like a horrific hairy monster, Dan Stevens managed to charm audiences worldwide as the beast in Disney's live-action adaptation of Beauty and the Beast. And while that was no small feat, he'll be faced with an even more difficult task in his upcoming, action-packed sci-fi saga Kill Switch — as we begin to discover in Yahoo Movies‘ exclusive clip from the film (watch it above).
In Tim Smit's visual effects-heavy directorial debut, which is indebted to the style of modern video games, Stevens is Will Porter, a man who exists in a near future where everything is powered by energy harnessed by a gargantuan tower owned by Alterplex. Alas, it turns out that the tower is actually destroying a mirror Earth known as “The Echo,” and Will (an Air Force and NASA alum) has been chosen to rectify this calamitous situation — leading to a moral dilemma of global proportions. Before he's faced with that predicament, however, he's questioned intensely by his potential Alterplex employers, who make him a mysterious (and tantalizingly lucrative) offer: “an opportunity to explore impossible frontiers.”
With a recent resume that includes not only the Disney blockbuster musical but also indies Colossal and The Ticket (as well as FX's Marvel TV series Legion), Stevens is fashioning a diverse big- and small-screen career. Kill Switch arrives in select theaters on June 16.
‘Kill Switch': Watch the previously released ‘Who's They?' clip:
Read more from Yahoo Movies:
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo met Wednesday with Kim Yong Chol, a close aide to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
The most senior North Korean to visit the US in almost 20 years, Kim opened negotiations with Pompeo to try and salvage what could be a historic meeting between US President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
What we know about the meeting
Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol met for about 90 minutes over dinner.
The meeting took place inside a US diplomat's apartment on New York's East Side, just south of the United Nations headquarters.
The US Secretary of State said the dinner "was great" and that the two men dined on "American beef."
Further details of the meeting were not immediately made available by either of the two sides.
Read more: Donald Trump's steep learning curve on North Korea has a price
Sticking point:
The issue of denuclearization remains a major bone of contention between Pyongyang and Washington. The US has been demanding that North Korea dismantle its nuclear weapons program.
Pyongyang argues that it needed nuclear weapons for its security. North Korea remains under international sanction because of its nuclear program.
Hectic diplomacy:
Who is Kim Yong Chol?
What next?
The meeting was part of a flurry of diplomatic efforts to restore the highly anticipated Trump-Kim summit in Singapore. As Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol were talking over dinner, teams of US officials were meeting their North Korean counterparts in Singapore and in the Korean Demilitarized Zone.A former North Korean spy chief, Kim Yong Chol is among the most trusted aides of the North Korean leader. He is a vice chairman of the North Korean ruling party's central committee. Kim Yong Chol has played a major role in the recent thaw in North Korea's relations with South Korea and the US. He joined Kim Jong-un in both his meetings with South Korean President Moon Jae-in in April and May. He also hosted Pompeo during his recent Pyongyang visits.Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol are expected to hold a series of meetings on Thursday to ascertain whether the meeting between Trump and Kim Jong-un, originally scheduled for June 12 but later canceled by Trump, can be restored. South Korean media speculated that Kim Yong Chol was carrying a personal letter from the North Korean leader and might travel to Washington to deliver it to Trump in person.
ap/rt (AFP, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
From The Trussville Tribune staff reports
PINSON –A 30-year-old male teacher from Pinson Valley High School was taken into custody today after a female student disclosed he had sexual contact with her, according to the Jefferson County Sheriff's office.
Just after school began this morning the victim went to the principal and disclosed that she had allegedly been having sexual contact with the teacher. The principal contacted the School Resource Deputy who took the initial report and requested a youth services detective come to the school.
The victim reported that the alleged contact began just after the start of the school year and had continued since. Detectives questioned the teacher. He admitted to having sexual contact with the victim, according to a statement from the Sheriff's Office.
Jail records indicate Joseph Allan Farmer was taken into custody and transported to the Jefferson County Jail to await formal charges. The sheriff's office has not named the suspect pending formal charges.
Farmer is charged with school employee engaging in a sex act or deviant sexual intercourse with a student under the age of 19 years, sex abuse first degree-contact compulsion, and sodomy in the first degree. He is being held at the Jefferson County Jail. Bond has not been set.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
With Week 14 winding down, a good contingent of fantasy owners are now eliminated from the fantasy football playoffs. These are the hard times. This is when all of the hard work and research has been thrown out the window. It's over, and it could be thanks to a late DaVante Adams touchdown, or because you didn't play Theo Riddick. Hard times. Hard times. Thirteen weeks now hard times. But for those of you still in the Hunt, even after losing Carson Wentz, this is when you focus, and hope you have some FAAB left.
This is where money management comes into play if you are in a FAAB league (which you should be). Don't spend too much this week unless you're absolutely desperate and aren't confident in a win. Always, always, always leave yourself a few bucks going into Week 16. (Or just play daily fantasy.)
Waiver Wire
CIN RB Giovani Bernard: As long as Joe Mixon is out, Gio is going to get work on the ground and through the air. He was one of the better RBs overall in Week 14, racking up 62 yards rushing with 6 receptions for 68 yards. You can expect more of the same in Week 15 against the Vikings, who are good against the rush, but not invincible. The guy should be able to get it done on volume alone.
Great 3rd down run by Gio Bernard. pic.twitter.com/wKc1LrbGBD — Cagen Cantrell (@CeeingTheDraft) December 10, 2017
PIT RB James Conner: Now is the time for handcuffs, and if you own Le'Veon Bell, you're more than likely advancing to Week 15. Get his backup, James Conner. Don't be the guy who had Joe Mixon but not Gio. Don't lose out on someone you can have now. (This advice goes for just about every handcuff like Cohen to Howard and so on.)
Getty Image
After 16 years and what should be a Hall of Fame career, Baltimore Ravens wide receiver Steve Smith announced his retirement Sunday. The official decision comes one year after he intended to retire, because he didn't want to hang up his cleats following a season-ending Achilles injury in 2015.
He was met on the field after the Ravens lost to the Bengals 20-10 in Cincinnati and was clearly fighting back emotion just seconds after his final game.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia is warning bankers that legislation rolling back financial rules put in place after the 2008 economic crisis could stall.
Warner says legislation revamping the law known as Dodd-Frank "will not pass if it comes back to the Senate" for another vote.
Warner's comments are a warning shot to House Republicans. They want to amend Senate-passed legislation that would provide regulatory relief for banks.
But Warner tells members of the American Bankers Association that 17 Democrats who voted for the Senate bill have taken "an awful lot of heat." They're not anxious to revisit the debate.
The bankers are in Washington for a conference. Warner tells them the Senate bill contains several House provisions and "we've stretched this about as far as we can go."
22:40 Reported News Briefs Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Dead Sea's revival with Red Sea canal edges closer to reality Read more Jordan and Israel may finally begin a project to save the Dead Sea from drying up. ► ◄ Last Briefs
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Fire authorities in Denmark have banned the use of open fires across the country because of dry forests and grass as Scandinavia sees an unusual long stretch of very warm weather.
The ban, which entered into force Wednesday, came after weeks with little rain. Denmark's Meteorological Institute has said this year saw the warmest June in 26 years. Institute spokesman Mikael Scharling said no precipitation was in sight.
The institute recorded an average of 15 degrees Celcius (59 F) for May, breaking a previous record of 13.8 C (56.8 F) for May from 1889.
Similar fire risk warnings have been made in southern parts of Sweden and Norway.
SANAA, Yemen (AP) — The U.N. envoy to Yemen has expressed optimism after meeting with the top leader of the Houthi rebels in a bid to end the country's devastating civil war.
In a statement issued before his departure from the rebel-held capital, Sanaa, Martin Griffiths said the rebels expressed a "strong desire for peace" and discussed "concrete ideas for achieving peace," without elaborating.
He said he may meet with President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi in the southern city of Aden.
A Saudi-led coalition allied with Hadi's internationally recognized government has been at war with the Houthis since 2015, and previous peace efforts have failed.
The U.N. hopes to prevent a full-scale coalition assault on the port city of Hodeida, a vital lifeline for a country already teetering on the brink of famine.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) — According to an earthquake report by the Central Weather Bureau (CWB), two earthquakes struck Hualien County this morning before dawn.
The earthquakes hit roughly a minute apart, first at 3:30 a.m. then at 3:31 a.m. and measured 4.6 and 4.3 respectively on the Richter scale. The quakes hit at the depth of 15.2km (9.4 mi) and 11.2km, respectively, according to CNA.
(Image from Central Weather Bureau)
The greatest seismic intensity, or severity of the ground shaking, recorded from the 4.6 magnitude earthquake was as follows: Taroko Gorge level 5, Nan'ao level 4, Hualien City level 2, Hehuan Mountain level 2, and Techi level 2.
The greatest seismic intensity for the 4.3 magnitude earthquake was as follows: Taroko Gorge level 5, Hualien City level 1, Techi level 1, and Yilan City level 1.
Pollinator gardens planted by more than 200 volunteers in Port Dalhousie last September are already abuzz with visitors.
The multi-partner project led by the Niagara Restoration Council saw manicured lawns in Rennie Park and Henley Island transformed into naturalized areas.
“They're growing really great,” said Allison Graszat, environmental project manager with Niagara Restoration Council. “We did notice a lot of different bees and butterflies are visiting the site already.”
Still to come this year are signs on Rennie Island that explain what was planted, why it was planted and why native species were used.
It's all part of the council's mandate to educate people the benefits of planting species native to the area.
“People are more aware of what is native and what isn't and what the benefits can be, but there's really a lot more education that needs to be done,” Graszat said.
To that end, the restoration council has teamed up with the Port Dalhousie Beautification and Works Committee to encourage young photographers to get up close with nature.
A native plant and wildlife photo contest for youth is on until Sept. 22.
Graszat said the whole point is to get youth engaged in nature and educate them about how native species are really beneficial for wildlife in the area.
“We figured if there was an incentive for them to get out into the environment, check things out and maybe learn about the native plants and animals here, we could all benefit from that,” she said.
Young photographers can submit photos of native plants or wildlife from anywhere in Port Dalhousie. But if they need a hint about where to go, two raised beds of native-only plants are on Rennie Island. As well, an acre and a half area at the north end of Henley Island was seeded with a wildflower and grass mix last year.
The submissions will be judged in the categories of Best Wildlife photo and Best Native Plant photo. If a photo has wildlife and plants in it, it can be submitted in both categories but will only win in one.
The photos will be judged in age groups 7-12 and 13-18 by staff at the Niagara Restoration Council.
Children aged six and under have their own category too. They're being invited to draw or colour a picture of native wildlife or plants.
There's a limit of four entries per person. Winners will receive $100, with a second prize of $50 and a third prize of $25.
Photos and drawings can be submitted by email to allison@niagararestoration.org or mailed to the Niagara Restoration Council at 250 Thorold Rd., Welland, ON, L3C 3W2.
All submissions must include the entrant's name, age, location where the photo was taken and the category entered. All photos must be shot this summer in Port Dalhousie. Winners of all three age groups will be notified by Oct. 6.
kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
By DARLENE SUPERVILLE and JONATHAN LEMIRE
MANCHESTER, N.H. — Unveiling a long-awaited plan to combat the national scourge of opioid drug addiction, President Donald Trump called Monday for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including embracing a tactic employed by some of the global strongmen he admires: the death penalty.
“Toughness is the thing that they most fear,” Trump said.
The president traveled to New Hampshire, a state ravaged by opioids and which is also an early marker for the re-election campaign he has already announced. The president called for broadening awareness about drug addiction while expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts, but the backbone of his plan is to toughen the punishment for those caught trafficking highly addictive drugs.
“This isn't about nice anymore,” Trump said. “This is about winning a very, very tough problem and if we don't get very tough on these dealers it's not going to happen folks … I want to win this battle.”
The president formalized what he had long mused about publicly and privately: that if a person in the U.S. can get the death penalty or life in prison for shooting one person, a similar punishment should be given to a drug dealer who potentially kills thousands.
Trump has long spoken approvingly about countries like Singapore that have fewer issues with drug addiction because they harshly punish their dealers. During a trip to Asia last fall, he did not publicly rebuke Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, who authorized extrajudicial killings of his nation's drug dealers.
Outside a local firehouse that Trump visited before the speech, someone compared the leaders with a sign that said: “Donald J. Duterte.”
“Drug traffickers kill so many thousands of our citizens every year,” Trump said. “That's why my Department of Justice will be seeking so many tougher penalties than we've ever had and we'll be focusing on the penalties that I talked about previously for big pushers, the ones that are killing so many people, and that penalty is going to be the death penalty.”
He added: “Other countries don't play games. … But the ultimate penalty has to be the death penalty.”
The Justice Department said the federal death penalty is available for limited drug-related offenses, including violations of the “drug kingpin” provisions in federal law.
It is not clear if the death penalty, even for traffickers whose product causes multiple deaths, would be constitutional. Doug Berman, a law professor at Ohio State University, predicted the issue would be litigated all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court.
John Blume, a professor and director of Cornell Law School's death penalty program, said the Federal Drug Kingpin Act has yielded few “kingpins” or major dealers, mostly ensnaring mid- to low-level minorities involved in the drug trade.
Opioids, including prescription opioids, heroin and synthetic drugs such as fentanyl, killed more than 42,000 people in the U.S. in 2016, more than any other year on record, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Trump has declared that fighting the epidemic is a priority for the administration, but critics say the effort has fallen short.
Last October, the president declared the crisis a national public health emergency, short of the national state of emergency sought by a presidential commission he put together to study the issue.
Trump called for a nationwide public awareness campaign, which he announced in October, to scare kids away from dabbling in drugs. He announced a new website, www.crisisnextdoor.gov , where members of the public can share stories about the dangers of opioid addiction.
Trump said the administration will work to cut the number of opioid prescriptions that are filled by one-third within three years.
The president also discussed how his policies, including a U.S.-Mexico border wall and punishing “sanctuary” cities that refuse to comply with federal immigration authorities, would help reduce the flow of drugs and help end the addiction epidemic.
Monday was Trump's first visit as president to New Hampshire, which has long occupied a special place in his political rise. He captured his first Republican presidential primary here in 2016, though he narrowly lost in the general election to Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Trump drew criticism last year after leaked transcripts of a telephone conversation with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto showed he had described New Hampshire as a “drug-infested den.” The Washington Post published the transcripts.
Though the 2020 election is more than 30 months away, early jockeying is already happening in states that play an outsized early role in choosing a party's nominee. Retiring Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., a persistent Trump critic, visited New Hampshire, which holds the nation's first presidential primary, last week. He told Republicans someone needs to stop Trump — and it could be him if no one steps up.
Meanwhile, the president's daughter, White House senior adviser Ivanka Trump, spent Monday discussing infrastructure and workplace development in Iowa, which traditionally holds the first presidential nominating caucus.
___
Superville reported from Washington. Associated Press writer Mark Sherman in Washington contributed to this report.
Getty Image
Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson is an extremely busy guy, with movies, television series, and being extremely “on” at all hours of the day. But in between everything, he has found the time to become a new father. Johnson made the announcement via Instagram with some help from his youngest daughter Jasmine:
“@laurenhashianofficial and I are boundlessly grateful for this blessing as this spring we'll welcome our second baby… “And once again, big daddy is completely surrounded by beautiful estrogen and loving, powerful female mana. All girls. Only dude. I wouldn't have it any other way.”
The Instagram post was accompanied by a picture of Jasmine and a sign saying she'll be happy to finally be the boss.
He also praised his 16-year old daughter Simone Johnson for her role as the first Golden Globe Ambassador, formerly known as Miss Golden Globe. The Rock even praised her early rise to help with the nominees on Monday morning:
What a morning for our ohana!
Very proud of my first born @simonegjohnson carrying the torch for our industry's #GoldenGlobes as the first ever #GoldenGlobesAmbassador.
I'm also super impressed this 16yr old got up at 2am this morning to get ready — a full 2hrs before her maniac papa bear dad gets up to workout.
Not a bad time for the Johnson family ahead of the holidays and the release of Jumanji in theaters.
DANA POINT — Presley Cortez sat alongside the ship waiting for divers from the Sheriff's Harbor Patrol to bring up a fake dead body.
“It's pretty cool how some on the team search the area around the body and another part of the team goes down to get the body,” the 13-year-old student from Thurston Middle School in Laguna Beach said. “We're just enacting our crime scene, it's not 100 percent real. But, seeing them do it makes it more real.”
Evidence collector Gabby Finkelstein gets blood evidence aboard the Pilgrim tall ship as she joins fellow members of the Thurston Middle School forensics class investigating a fictional murder in Dana Point on Monday, Mar 19, 2018. The students are investigating a fictional murder placed in the historic Roanoke settlement. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Orange County Sheriff's deputies remove a fake body from the water as members of the Thurston Middle School forensics class prepare to investigate in Dana Point on Monday, Mar 19, 2018. The students are investigating a fictional murder placed in the historic Roanoke settlement. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Evidence collectors Rebecca Storke, left, and Gabby Finkelstein examine a fake body recovered in the water as they join fellow members of the Thurston Middle School forensics class investigating a fictional murder in Dana Point on Monday, Mar 19, 2018. The students are investigating a fictional murder placed in the historic Roanoke settlement. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Thurston Middle School forensic students Jackson Rowley, left, Chloe Gagne and Lila Goldstein during the investigation of a fictional murder in Dana Point on Monday, Mar 19, 2018. The students are investigating a fictional murder placed in the historic Roanoke settlement. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Thurston Middle School forensic students take evidence from a fake dead body during the investigation of a fictional murder in Dana Point on Monday, Mar 19, 2018. The students are investigating a fictional murder placed in the historic Roanoke settlement. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Thurston Middle School forensic students Jackson Rowley photographs evidence in a fictional murder in Dana Point on Monday, Mar 19, 2018. The students are investigating a fictional murder placed in the historic Roanoke settlement. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Thurston Middle School forensic students Jackson Rowley photographs evidence in a fictional murder in Dana Point on Monday, Mar 19, 2018. The students are investigating a fictional murder placed in the historic Roanoke settlement. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Evidence collector Rebecca Storke places markers aboard the Pilgrim tall ship as she joins fellow members of the Thurston Middle School forensics class investigating a fictional murder in Dana Point on Monday, Mar 19, 2018. The students are investigating a fictional murder placed in the historic Roanoke settlement. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Thurston Middle School forensic students investigate the murder of a person laying in a bunk inside the Pilgrim tall ship during the investigation of a fictional murder in Dana Point on Monday, Mar 19, 2018. The students are investigating a fictional murder placed in the historic Roanoke settlement. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Evidence collector Gabby Finkelstein looks for fingerprints aboard the Pilgrim tall ship as she joins fellow members of the Thurston Middle School forensics class investigating a fictional murder in Dana Point on Monday, Mar 19, 2018. The students are investigating a fictional murder placed in the historic Roanoke settlement. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Keegan Thomas helps measure the distance from a pier pylon to the location of a dead body during a forensics class investigation in to a fictional murder in Dana Point on Monday, Mar 19, 2018. The Thurston Middle Schoo students are investigating a fictional murder placed in the historic Roanoke settlement. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Thurston Middle School forensic student Lila Goldstein takes notes during the investigation of a fictional murder in Dana Point on Monday, Mar 19, 2018. The students are investigating a fictional murder placed in the historic Roanoke settlement. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Thurston Middle School forensic students Jackson Rowley photographs evidence in a fictional murder in Dana Point on Monday, Mar 19, 2018. The students are investigating a fictional murder placed in the historic Roanoke settlement. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The deputies on Monday, March 19, were adding vivid detail to a simulated crime investigation. Cortez was among 20 students aboard the Ocean Institute's Pilgrim as part of the crime scene staged for “Roanoke Murder and the Lost Colony,” a forensic crime and mock trial class and club at Thurston Middle School in Laguna Beach.
The course was developed by social studies teacher Michelle Martinez.
“There is a great interest among kids for the CSI and FBI shows,” Martinez said. “This program shows them the actual process.”
For the crime scene, the Pilgrim was renamed Royal Ark. Students worked aboard and around the ship to gather evidence against John White, accused of mistakenly killing Sir Walter Raleigh's brother Sir Humphrey Gilbert because they look identical. The doppelganger murder is believed to be a revenge killing for the role Raleigh played in the disappearance of the lost colony of Roanoke, Va. Cortez played the accused John White.
Keegan Thomas, 14, the lead investigator and president of the Thurston Middle School Forensic Club, detailed the evidence that had been located and what led him to believe John White was the killer.
“We found out he was trying to kill Sir Walter Raleigh to get revenge because he let (White's) family die in the lost colony,” Thomas said. “Sir Walter Raleigh was the captain of the Royal Ark and didn't get back to Roanoke in time to save the colony. We have a murder weapon. It was a sword found under a pile of rope on the ship.”
Thomas, who in the forthcoming trial will prosecute John White, worked with co-lead investigator Cassidy Morgan, 14, who will defend White and is looking for evidence to exonerate him.
Students in Martinez's class have spent the past semester creating the script and selecting the actors. On Monday, they sifted through the crime scene to find clues to assist them in solving the murder and processed the evidence with help from technology at the Ocean Institute. They used a robot created by fellow Thurston student Tess Genske, 14, that scoured the water near the spot where the body was discovered searching for more evidence.
In June, the students will stage a mock trial for White using virtual-reality glasses to view the images taken by the 360-degree camera and drone used in the crime scene investigation.
Martinez's program is one of 45 in Orange County funded by grants from Foothill Ranch-based Cox Communications to further science and technology in schools. The company provided $2,595 for the Ocean Institute's support, supplies, the underwater robot and expenses for the mock trial.
Martinez said her course was inspired by her daughter, Noelle Martinez, 23, who graduated in December 2016 from Baylor University with a bachelor's degree in anthropology and forensics and now helps her mother with the class.
Noelle Martinez was a freshman at Baylor when she met Lori Baker, a professor who started the Reuniting Families Project. Baker created a system that identifies the remains of deceased undocumented immigrants found along the U.S./Mexico border.
“I thought that was the most amazing thing ever,” said the younger Martinez, a Tustin resident. “How selfless it was. I thought, ‘I need to study under her.' This is my calling.”
During this school year, Noelle Martinez has assisted the class and club via FaceTime from the University of Dundee, in Scotland, where she is pursuing a master's degree in forensic archaeology and anthropology. She's been teaching the students forensic anthropology, criminal investigation, bone analysis and processing, and decomposition.
On Monday, she FaceTimed with students as they went through the investigation.
“We talked about biases in the field and how to be objective,” Noelle Martinez said. “Like today, they go in blind just like an actual crime scene to see what they can do and how to go about the scene. Once the scene is done, I go over things they missed.
“I hope they walk away from this class thinking outside of the box and developing a deeper understanding of the world of forensic science and knowing biases and objectivity,” she added.
Thomas, the lead investigator, has participated in the club since sixth grade. He said he is fascinated with forensics and often thinks about the role technology could have played in the investigation of past crimes and how it might have changed the outcome. He said he also appreciates what it's like to work with others.
“I find it fascinating to be part of this team where every job matters,” he said.
Getty Image
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 doesn't come out for another few weeks, but considering it's testing better than any film in their history, Marvel would be wise to start locking up the cast and crew behind the movies now. This is a good start: Writer and director and brother-of-Kirk from Gilmore Girls James Gunn — the only member of the Marvel Cinematic Universe to have “Insane Masturbator” in his filmography (there's still time, Robert Downey, Jr.!) — announced on Facebook that he's returning for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3.
“In the end, my love for Rocket, Groot, Gamora, Star-Lord, Yondu, Mantis, Drax, and Nebula – and some of the other forthcoming heroes – goes deeper than you guys can possibly imagine,” he wrote, “and I feel they have more adventures to go on and things to learn about themselves and the wonderful and sometimes terrifying universe we all inhabit. And, like in both Vol. 1 and Vol. 2, we will work on creating the story that goes beyond what you expect.”
Gunn (who, like most humans, enjoys money, and writing and directing these movies ensures he'll have plenty of it) said that his partnership with Marvel Studios, who picked him out of relative obscurity to helm a $170 million film, “has been the best of my professional career.” He also teased that Vol. 3 will “conclude the story of this iteration of the Guardians of the Galaxy, and help catapult both old and new Marvel characters into the next ten years and beyond… I promise you, the fans, I'll do it all with integrity and love and respect for the characters. Make mine Marvel. We are Groot.”
Here's the full note.
(Via Facebook)
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico's governmental rights agency says many of the country's prisons are unsafe, overcrowded and understaffed.
The National Human Rights Commission says it surveyed conditions at over 190 state, local and federal jails.
It found that inmates often controlled some areas of prisons, or had contraband inside.
The report released Wednesday cited insufficient staff, unsafe procedures and poor medical care at many facilities.
The conclusions come as no surprise. In recent months, inmates in Mexico have staged mass escapes, battled each other and shot it out with police and guards with guns smuggled into prison.
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
20:34 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Trump: Iran faces "big problems" if nuclear program restarts Read more US President warns Iran not to resume nuclear weapons program even if US pulls out of nuclear deal. ► ◄ Last Briefs
04:01 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Senate bill would honor soldier who protected Jewish POWs Read more
Bipartisan bill would honor spldier who protected 200 American-Jewish POWs during World War II with the Congressional Gold Medal. ► ◄ Last Briefs
BAGHDAD (AP) — The United Nations says it will not be "engaged in any way or form" in the process surrounding the independence referendum in Iraq's northern semi-autonomous Kurdish region that's planned for September.
The statement by the U.N. special mission to Iraq, or UNAMI, could cast doubts on the credibility of the vote, which has already sparked wide criticism from the central government in Baghdad and several Western nations.
UNAMI's statement was released late on Wednesday.
The president of the Kurdish region, Masoud Barzani, last week said the vote will determine whether the Kurdish region would secede from Iraq.
The vote is to be held in three governorates that make up the Kurdish region and also in areas that are contested by both the Kurds and the central government.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. officials are blaming the North Korean government for a series of cyberattacks dating to 2009 against media, aerospace, financial sectors and infrastructure in the United States and around the world.
The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security issued a warning this week, saying the cyberattacks were carried out by actors within the North Korean government who are known as “Hidden Cobra.”
“DHS and FBI assess that Hidden Cobra actors will continue to use cyber operations to advance their government's military and strategic objectives,” the alert said.
U.S. officials are distributing internet addresses to help networks defend against any attacks. The FBI said it has high confidence that the internet addresses are linked to systems infected with Hidden Cobra malware to further exploit networks. The cyberattacks targeted weaknesses in Microsoft Corp. operating systems and Adobe Systems Inc.'s Flash software, which were patched in January and June, respectively.
The joint alert was issued Tuesday, the same day that American student Otto Warmbier, who was released from serving a 15-year sentence in a North Korean prison for participating in alleged acts against the government, arrived in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The U.S. remains in a standoff with North Korea over its nuclear program. The U.S. has issued sanctions, but Pyongyang has not made any move to give up weapons that it says are a deterrent to any invasion. Thousands of U.S. troops are based in neighboring South Korea, and the Demilitarized Zone between the North and South is one of the most heavily fortified borders in the world.
Comments
comments
The Justice Department has announced that an anti-discrimination law does not protect transgender workers, potentially opening people up to discrimination in the workplace because of their gender identity.
It is the latest announcement by the Trump administration that specifically targets transgender people.
Earlier this year, Donald Trump signed a directive reinstating a ban on transgender individuals from serving in the military. Transgender troops had been able to serve openly since the Obama administration lifted the ban in 2016.
In a memo dated Wednesday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions rescinded another Obama-era action aimed at expanding rights for transgender people.
The Justice Department under Barack Obama had interpreted the Civil Rights Act to protect transgender workers. But according to Mr Sessions, “Title VII's prohibition on sex discrimination encompasses discrimination between men and women but does not encompass discrimination based on gender identity per se, including transgender status.”
“This is a conclusion of law, not policy. As a law enforcement agency, the Department of Justice must interpret Title VII as written by Congress,” he added.
His memo, obtained by Buzzfeed, focused on the reach of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, particularly Title VII, which bans sex discrimination in the workplace.
Civil rights activists have argued that the law applies to transgender people, because discrimination against someone based on their gender identity is fundamentally rooted in sex-based expectations.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, an independent agency that enforces civil rights law in the workplace, and a growing number of federal court decisions have found sex discrimination does include discrimination on the basis of gender identity and sex stereotyping — and that Title VII therefore bans anti-transgender discrimination as well.
Embracing these ideas, former Attorney General Eric Holder under Mr Obama issued a memo in 2014 that said, “I have determined that the best reading of Title VII's prohibition of sex discrimination is that it encompasses discrimination based on gender identity, including transgender status. The most straightforward reading of Title VII is that discrimination ‘because of ... sex' includes discrimination because an employee's gender identification is as a member of a particular sex, or because the employee is transitioning, or has transitioned, to another sex.”
Mr Sessions, however, in his order withdrawing Mr Holder's memorandum, took a narrower view, saying Title VII only covers discrimination between “men and women.”
The Justice Department expects its attorneys and other federal agency heads to follow its interpretation of the law.
Search
Jacob Rees-Mogg on Number 10's customs partnership:
“It's completely cretinous… it's a betrayal of good sense, I cannot understand why government is faffing around with this system. I'm on the same side as Mr Barnier on this, god bless him.”
The San Clemente High School baseball team looks to improve upon last season's 15-14 record. The Tritons advanced to the CIF Division I playoffs but were eliminated by Notre Dame of Sherman Oaks in the first round. Head coach Dave Gellatly returns a number of experienced players this season who he predicts will make San Clemente more competitive.
The top four San Clemente players are all seniors. Shortstop and pitcher Michael McGreevy, third baseman Jeff Bruyntjens, first baseman Zach Skov, and right fielder Jimmy Cusey will be counted on to spark life into the Tritons' attack this season. McGreevy is committed to play for UC Santa Barbara next season and Bruyntjens is set to play for Cal Baptist.
The San Clemente starting lineup is loaded with seven seniors. The Tritons will start McGreevy at shortstop, sophomore JP Hefft at second base, Bruyntjens at third base, senior Charlie Loust at catcher, Cusey in right field, senior Zach Skov at first base, Goode in left field, sophomore Kellen Hollibaugh will DH and senior Brent Riddle in center field.
The Tritons starting rotation is comprised of McGreevy, Mason Liscio, and Goode. Gellatly said his hurlers are performing well thus far.
“Our pitching to this point has exceeded our expectations,” Gellatly said.
San Clemente won its first six games of the season as McGreevy, Liscio and Goode each earned two wins apiece while sporting an impressive 1.47 ERA. The Tritons bats have also been lively as they have been hitting around .300 to start the season.
Gellatly is also pleased with the makeup of his team.
“This year our team has a solid offense,” Gellatly said. “We are a very good baseball team that competes in an extremely competitive league (South Coast League). The league outlook is that things will be highly competitive with every team capable of winning the league championship, which means every team is also capable of finishing in last place. Things should be very interesting and entertaining in the South Coast League this year.”
The Tritons opened the season with successful outings in the El Dorado Steakhouse and Loara Tournaments.
San Clemente opened its South Coast League schedule against El Toro on March 21 and will participate in the Anaheim Lions Tournament in late March before returning to its league schedule.
With a blooming music scene and historical streets like Queen still active Toronto has had a very memorable past few years. The amount of new music acts to rise to the top, out of Canada overall has gotten them a respectful amount of attention. With that being said, kids are carving out lanes for themselves to help cope with many issues that often get buried under, with music being the only remedy. William Darc is here to explain the rest of it.
His latest single “My Drug” is an enigmatic r&b anthem with a broodingly honest William Darc hitting some of his best notes. The song is a very good reinterpretation of Justin Timberlake's timeless “My Love” but spiced up with heavy production. It's the first taste of his forthcoming Darc EP, an immersive release produced entirely by Rainer + Grimm who had a hand in production on The Weeknd's iconic House of Balloons and even used the same studio where ‘The Party & The After Party” and “Wicked Games” were recorded.
Listen to “My Drug” below.
NEW YORK (AP) — After a year of political and cultural upheaval, Super Bowl advertisers appear to be pulling back from themes of unity in favor of in-game stunts and ads that aim for the heart — and in some cases even lower.
The stakes are high since a 30-second spot costs more than $5 million for airtime alone. The goal is to capture the attention of the more than 110 million viewers expected to tune in to the big game on Feb. 4 — ideally by striking an emotional chord with the game audience that will rub off on brands.
Next best: Simply drawing attention, even if an ad offends some people. Worst of all? Being forgotten immediately.
"More people will see me in this than they have in the last three movies I've made," actor and comedian Bill Hader ("Trainwreck") muses in a teaser for Pringles' first Super Bowl spot.
MEASURING THE MOOD
Each year, Super Bowl ads offer a snapshot of the national psyche. Last year, just after President Donald Trump took office, ads offered themes of inclusion. Airbnb showed faces of different ethnicities with the copy "We all belong," and Coke re-ran an ad featuring "America the Beautiful" sung in different languages.
This year, following a year of heated debate over immigration, NFL players taking a knee during the national anthem and the #MeToo movement highlighting sexual misconduct, many Super Bowl advertisers are playing it safer by showcasing famous faces, focusing on inoffensive causes and trying to stand out with silly humor and stunts. Of course, a few are going straight for whatever will grab attention.
GOING LOW
Most people remember the 2004 Super Bowl for the infamous "wardrobe malfunction" when Justin Timberlake ripped off part of Janet Jackson's shirt during the halftime performance. But it also featured an unusually large number of tasteless ads, including crotch and fart jokes by Sierra Mist, Budweiser and Bud Light and the now-famous Cialis ad that warned about erections lasting longer than four hours.
Advertisers largely dialed it back afterward, excepting a 2009 Doritos ad that included a snowglobe-in-the-crotch joke. But this year, Justin Timberlake returns to the Super Bowl ... and so does sock-it-to-the-lower-body humor.
Groupon's ad, for instance, stars Tiffany Haddish asking people to support local businesses — then cuts to a wealthy man who plots to crush small businesses, only to double over after players nail him with a kicked football.
Groupon insists the man isn't hit in the groin, although the ad video is ambiguous. "The crotch hit is the lowest thing in the book," Advertising Age columnist Barbara Lippert said in a phone interview. "I was hoping it was retired forever."
The Groupon ad is also notable for its distinctly anti-1 percenter tone. "We think the vast majority of consumers will appreciate the over-the-top comeuppance our 'villain' receives," said Jon Wild, Groupon's head of marketing for North America.
An ad for Febreze air freshener goes all in for toilet humor. It presents a pseudo-documentary about a boy whose "bleep doesn't stink," alluding to a profane phrase that commonly refers to people who are full of ... themselves.
THE RICH AND FAMOUS
It wouldn't be a Super Bowl without celebrities chugging sugary drinks and hawking junk food. Cindy Crawford will reprise an iconic 1992 Super Bowl spot for Pepsi. The beverage maker will also feature Peter Dinklage and Morgan Freeman in linked ads for new versions of Doritos and Mountain Dew.
In a Pringles ad , Bill Hader has a snack on set and introduces a made-up practice dubbed "flavor stacking," in which the actor stacks together different Pringles varieties. M&M has released a teaser showing Danny DeVito dressed as an M&M being dunked in chocolate.
For a non-snacking celebrity appearance, Squarespace hired a bearded Keanu Reeves and sat him by a campfire to tout its web hosting services.
AIMING FOR THE HEART
Other advertisers are aiming straight for warm and fuzzy, figuring it's best to bet on "things that are universally liked," said Kelly O'Keefe, managing director of Virginia Commonwealth University's Brandcenter.
NBC created five cinematic 60-second ads showcasing Olympic athletes to drum up excitement for the Winter Olympics, which start airing starting four days after the Super Bowl. The ads showcase Americans athletes such as skier Lindsey Vonn and figure skater Nathan Chen.
An Anheuser-Busch ad shows a Budweiser brewery producing cans of water instead of beer, highlighting the brewer's donation of drinking water to places in need. Its Stella Artois brand also teamed with Matt Damon to sell a limited edition beer glass, with proceeds also targeted at providing access to water.
Lexus is promoting its new LS 500 luxury sedan, which it is aiming at a 45-to-55-year-old demographic, with an action spot starring the Black Panther, a Marvel superhero.
STUNT MARKETING
Recent Super Bowl ad stunts have yielded mixed results. Snickers isn't returning to the game this year after a live spot last year fell flat. But marketers aren't giving up.
Tide, which last year did a fake-out ad with Terry Bradshaw that appeared to be commentary during the game, will be back with Bradshaw this year.
Getty Image
Now that Kanye West is back on Twitter and enthusiastic about it, we have access to an unfiltered feed to his raw thoughts, whenever he feels like sharing them. So far, this has resulted in sneak peeks at new clothing and shoes, thoughts about philosophy and human nature, and more recently, some conservative-leaning viewpoints. He had praise for Candace Owens, tweeting of the conservative commentator, “I love the way Candace Owens thinks,” and following that up with, “only free thinkers.”
I love the way Candace Owens thinks — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) April 21, 2018
only free thinkers — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) April 21, 2018
Now it seems like Kanye might be throwing his full weight behind Donald Trump: He told Ebro that he loves the president, and it appears that he's even signing his merch “TRUMP.” White Trash Tyler, Kanye's personal videographer, shared an image on his Instagram story of Saint Pablo Tour merch with “TRUMP” written on it, with the caption, “Signed tonight by Kanye.”
Kanye West is reportedly signing memorabilia “Trump.” We discuss why he might be doing this…#EbroinTheMorning #FlashingLights pic.twitter.com/WDsfqt6MiN — HOT 97 (@HOT97) April 24, 2018
Kanye previously showed support for Trump when the two met up in 2016 at Trump Tower in New York City, and although he later rescinded his backing of Trump by deleting some tweets, it appears he's back in the president's camp. This could prove to be divisive for Kanye fans, most of whom probably aren't fervent Trump supporters, so it remains to be seen how the world will react to Kanye's latest unexpected way of thinking.
By Jonathan Stempel
(Reuters) - A judge on Monday dismissed the state of Tennessee's lawsuit accusing the U.S. government of unconstitutionally coercing it into subsidizing the federal refugee resettlement program.
Tennessee accused the government of invading its sovereignty by requiring it to provide Medicaid benefits to refugees, or else risk losing nearly $7 billion of Medicaid funds annually, equal to about 20 percent of its state budget, if it refused.
It said this violated the 10th Amendment, which limits U.S. government powers to those delegated in the Constitution. Tennessee was the first state to sue on that basis.
But in a 43-page decision, Chief Judge S. Thomas Anderson of the federal court in Jackson, Tennessee said the state lacked legal standing to sue.
The judge called the prospect of a Medicaid funding loss "speculative," and said Tennessee had taken no steps to deny Medicaid or other benefits to refugees.
He also said Tennessee could not have been surprised that a growing number of refugees might boost state health care costs, and that it has "always been foreseeable" that periodic international humanitarian crises might cause an influx.
"None of the events described by plaintiffs represents a departure from the understanding pursuant to which Tennessee has accepted Federal Medicaid funds for over forty years--that it must cover lawfully present aliens, including refugees, under its Medicaid program," Anderson wrote.
According to court papers, Catholic Charities of Tennessee has administered the resettlement program in that state since Tennessee in 2008 announced its withdrawal, but legislators objected to taxpayers having to fund its costs.
The lawsuit had been brought by Tennessee's Republican-led general assembly and two legislators. Gov. Bill Haslam, a Republican, is not among the plaintiffs.
Michelle Piccolo, a spokeswoman for the Thomas More Law Center, which represented the plaintiffs, said the nonprofit law firm was reviewing the decision.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Tennessee and the Tennessee Immigrant and Refugee Rights Coalition (TIRRC) had opposed the lawsuit.
Stephanie Teatro, co-executive director of TIRRC, in a statement called the decision "a victory for our members, for refugee families, and for the majority of Tennesseans whose faith and values call them to welcome families fleeing violence and war."
The case is Tennessee et al v. U.S. Department of State et al, U.S. District Court, Western District of Tennessee, No. 17-01040.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by David Gregorio)
PARRY SOUND - An e-biker driver faces alcohol-related charges after local police noticed a bike swerve across the road.
On May 27 at approximately 10 p.m., a member of the West Parry Sound Detachment of the Ontario Provincial Police was on patrol on Bowes Street. The officer observed an e-bike swerving across the centre line and almost hitting the curb. The officer conducted a traffic stop and spoke with the driver.
Victor Smith, a 53-year-old Parry Sound, man is charged with impaired driving and drunk driving and is scheduled to appear at the Ontario Court of Justice in Parry Sound, Ontario on June 21.
There is no safe amount of drug or alcohol consumption when driving. Anyone who suspects a driver that is driving while impaired is urged to call police by dialing 9-1-1 immediately.
Transcript for 10-year-old boy hides under couch, calls 911 on alleged burglar
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
TBI agents worked with the investigators from the Macon County Sheriff's Office and the U.S. Marshals Task Force to investigate the escape of Dylan Ferguson, Matthew White and Jeffery Strong from the Macon County Jail.
On Nov. 9, Ferguson surrendered to officers and was taken into custody in Trousdale County. That same day, agents arrested White's wife, Sky White, who was wanted in Bowling Green, Kentucky. Matthew White was also taken into custody that night.
The final fugitive, Jeffery Strong, was arrested Nov. 10 in Macon County. The investigation revealed Tabitha Swaffer was responsible for serving as an accessory to Sky and Matthew White after the escape.
On Dec. 4, a Macon County grand jury returned indictments that charged all five people with counts related to the November escape.
•Dylan Cecil Ferguson, 21, was charged with felony escape, theft of property and vandalism.
•Matthew Allen White, 29, was charged with felony escape, theft of property and vandalism.
•Jeffery Dewayne Strong, 32, was charged with felony escape, theft of property and vandalism.
•Sky Lynn White, 30, was charged with accessory after the fact.
•Tabitha Ellen Swaffer, 38, was charged with accessory after the fact.
Ferguson was held at Riverbend; the other four suspects remained in the Macon County Jail.
FOSTORIA — A memorial for Janis M. Reinhart, 64, of Fostoria, will be held at noon Saturday at Stombaugh-Batton Funeral Home, Carey, the Rev. Tim Kummerer officiating. Burial will be in St. Nicholas Cemetery, Frenchtown.
Visitation will be two hours prior to the memorial at the funeral home.
Mrs. Reinhart died at 8:03 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, at Tiffin Mercy Hospital.
She married Robert J. Reinhart and he survives. Also surviving are four daughters, Ann M. Reinhart, Toledo; Theresa A. Reinhart, Fostoria; Patricia A. Reinhart and Rose M. Reinhart, both of Tiffin; one son, Joseph M. Reinhart, Fostoria; three brothers, Daniel J. Osborn of Alta Loma, California; David N. (Mollie) Osborn and Robert G. (Nancy) Osborn, both of Fostoria.
Memorials may be made to a charity of the donor's choice in care of Stombaugh-Batton Funeral Home, 225 Findlay St., Carey, OH 43316-1169.
Online condolences may be sent to: StombaughBatton.com.
Comments
comments
Andrew and Smithers chat to Zenzi Clark, Assistant Curator of the 2017 Koorie Art Show, on display at the Koorie Heritage Trust (Level 3 of the Yarra Building in Federation Square) until 25 February 2018.
Personal trainer Michael Donkin has been honoured for his efforts to keep his brain as fit as his body.
Michael, from Houghton-le-Spring, was named ‘Self-Funded Learner of the Year' at a national apprenticeship awards ceremony held at The London Dungeon.
It's great to be recognised for continuing learning, especially having left school without GCSE's Michael Donkin
The 31-year-old, who runs Evolution Fitness in Newbottle Street, received the award as part of the sixth annual Lifetime Learner Achievement Awards.
Michael left school in 2002 without any GCSEs. He had always been interested in fitness and managed to gain work experience in a gym then researched training and found Lifetime courses suited to his then work as a lorry driver, so he could study as he travelled.
He completed his Personal Trainer Level 3 a year ago and has since set up two of his own fitness centres, has hired his first freelance instructor, has partnered with MIND to promote the benefits of exercise for mental as well as physical health, and been granted £9,000 of Lottery funding.
The awards day saw candidates from around the UK attend the event, which included a group VIP tour of the London Dungeons and the 443 ft London Eye, before concluding with the ceremony at which Michael received his trophy.
“I was shocked and surprised to have won,” he said.
“To be one of three finalists nationally was a massive achievement for me, but I never really expected to win the award.
“It's great to be recognised for continuing learning, especially having left school without GCSEs. I would like to think that my story might inspire others who haven't done great in school, to not give up.
“I was told I would pack straws in a factory when I was older.”
Sean Cosgrove, Head of Commercial Operations at Lifetime training, presented Michael's award and praised him for going ‘above and beyond' in using his learning and qualifications to help others.
(ASAP of Anderson) According to the Tennessee Department of Health 1,631 people died from drug overdoses in the state in 2016. This is the highest annual number of overdose deaths recorded in state history and brings the five-year total for Tennessee to 6,036 lives lost.
“It is always saddening when the reality of human tragedy involved with substance abuse is brought to light, especially given the fact that overdose deaths can absolutely be prevented,” said Tennessee Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services Commissioner Marie Williams. In response to the growing opioid crisis, the state has launched “Tennessee's Save a Life Project” to:
reduce the number of overdose related deaths by improving access and availability of clinical treatment and recovery services;
expanding access to medication assisted treatment;
implementing new strategies for pregnant women;
provide widespread naloxone distribution;
training professionals and key stakeholders on opioid use disorders;
and implementing an Overdose Rapid Response System when an outbreak of overdoses occurs.
Naloxone (or NarcanTM) is a proven tool in the battle against drug abuse and overdose death. When too much of an opioid medication is taken, it can slow breathing to a dangerously low rate. When breathing slows too much, overdose death can occur. Naloxone can reverse this potentially fatal situation by allowing the person to breathe normally again. EVERY time an overdose is suspected, first responders should be notified by calling 911 immediately.
In 2014, Tennessee passed “Good Samaritan” legislation which provides civil immunity for administering the medication to someone they reasonably believe is overdosing on an opioid. Naloxone is not a dangerous medicine. However, proper training is required by law. Through the “Tennessee's Save a Life Project”, Allies for Substance Abuse Prevention (ASAP) of Anderson County, provided training on administering naloxone and distributes Narcan free of charge.
Additionally, the “Tennessee's Save a Life Project” provides training on opioid use disorders to health professionals on best practices for prescribing opioids, pain management, co-prescribing practices, screening for substance use disorder, referrals to treatment programs, and overdose prevention. The goal is to provide healthcare professionals with the necessary training and skills to better serve their patients and ensure the highest quality of care.
ASAP is partnering with ETSU Quillen School of Medicine to provide training to area professionals on:
Tuesday, March 6th from 6:00 – 8:30 p.m. in the Cheyenne Conference Room at Methodist Medical Center in Oak Ridge; and
Thursday, March 7th from 6:00 – 8:00pm at LeConte Medical Center in Sevierville
These trainings satisfy mandatory CME requirements for physicians licensed by the Tennessee Board of Medical Examiners (T.C.A.63-1-401). We are pleased to have Dr. Don Teater presenting. Dr. Teater is a physician at Meridian Behavioral Health Services and owner of Teater Health Solutions specializing in working with medical and governmental agencies to reduce opioid prescribing, improve pain treatment and prevent addiction. Stephanie Strutner, Executive Director of ASAP of Anderson said, “we believe this is a valuable training opportunity for physicians and other healthcare providers. I hope our providers will make it a priority to attend.”
The link to the training is
https://www.etsu.edu/com/cme/opioid_addiction_2018.php
Overall Conference Objectives: Because of attending this activity, the participant will be able to:
Ability to screen and assess patients for substance abuse disorders;
Understand the neuro biological basis of pain: Chronic vs. Sensory and How to Retrain Patient Perceptions of Pain;
Improve knowledge of Alternative Therapies for Treating Pain and Use of Medication for Post-Operative Pain
Please contact ASAP at info@asapofanderson.org or call (865) 457-3007 with questions. If you or anyone you know is suffering with a substance use disorder needs help, contact the Tennessee REDLINE (1-800-889-9789) or visit www.taadas.org/Redline.htm.
###
The United States Senate voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to punish Russia over its alleged election meddling, passing a bill that would bar President Donald Trump from unilaterally easing existing sanctions on Moscow.
The bill passed by a vote of 97-2, reported AFP.
This has been the worst year for hazing at universities across the country, according to a national expert who is challenging college leaders to do something to help change the culture of student organizations.
On October 11, ten people were arrested in connection to the death of LSU student, Maxwell Gruver. LSU Police confirmed the 18-year-old died after an alleged hazing incident at the now-closed Phi Delta Theta fraternity house. The coroner says Gruver's blood alcohol level was .495, six times the legal limit. He is one of five people across the country this year to die in an alleged hazing incidents.
President of Dillard University Walter Kimbrough, PhD, who has been studying hazing for some 20 years, says it has gotten out of control. “We are at a point where people really don't have any idea what to do. Even with deaths, this becomes one of the greater problems in higher education,” Kimbrough said.
Dr. Kimbrough says part of the problem is hazing oftentimes begins in high school, in band, athletics, and social clubs, but no one talks about it until those students go off to college. Those conversations need to happen sooner and he says a greater understanding of the culture of Greek life needs to be part of those discussions.
“All of these organizations have these lofty models and ideas and aims, and the question we have to ask is, 'Are the students joining for that or are they joining for the Animal House image?'" Kimbrough said.
Following Gruver's death, LSU President F. King Alexander formed the President's Task Force on Greek Life to review the overall oversight of Greek organizations. It's a start, but Dr. Kimbrough says until so-called hazers face more serious charges, it's highly unlikely the culture will change.
“I don't think there should be hazing charges. Charge everybody with manslaughter if murdered, assault, battery. Use charges like that and don't call it hazing anymore,” Kimbrough said.
Of the ten arrested in Gruver's death, only one is charged with negligent homicide. The others were charged with hazing. East Baton Rouge District Attorney Hillar More says he plans to bring the LSU case to a grand jury.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Seb Larsson has reiterated that he will weigh up his options this summer after being linked with a move to Turkey.
The Swedish midfielder is out of contract at the end of the month after his Sunderland deal expired.
The Black Cats are understood to have made the player a new offer, despite being managerless, but Turkish outfit Trabzonspor have also been linked with a move for the free agent.
The 32-year-old has been on international duty with Sweden, but says he will speak to his representative during the next few days to see what his next move is.
Asked about Trabzonspor's interest, he said: “I've read about it, but I'll wait and see what my agent says.
“We will look at all the bids.
“Personally, I feel no stress about my decision. I'll weigh everything up – it feels absolutely important.”
I read about it in the newspaper. I have not had any contact with the club during the international break – that was how I wanted it.
“The idea is that my agent would have worked on it.
“We'll see you later in the week – then we will see what options are available.”
Larsson has spent six years at Sunderland after joining on a free transfer from Birmingham City.
He played almost 200 times, scoring 12 goals, but it seems his time on Wearside is likely to end now.
Larsson's agent, Per Jonsson, confirmed there had been contact from a Turkish side, while it is understood the former Arsenal man has offers from China and his homeland.
“I can confirm there is interest from Turkey and several other leagues for Sebastian Larsson,” said Jonsson. “Sebastian and I will sit down after the international matches and discuss the different options.”
Skipper John O'Shea is also weighing up his options after his contract expired.
Aleksandra Yardley (formerly Leavitt), an agent with RE/MAX Realty Affiliates, has started her own agency specializing in helping buyers and sellers navigate Northern Nevada's booming real estate market.
Yardley moved to the United States from Poland in 2005, first settling in Incline Village and then moving to Reno in 2009. She has owned her own businesses since moving to the United States, working in property management until earning her real estate license in 2012.
Yardley earned her master's and bachelor's degrees in Polish language and literature, from the University of Wroclaw.
Here are some of the deadliest mass murders in recent Canadian history:
April 23, 2018: A man drives a white van for about a mile along a crowded Toronto sidewalk, killing 10 people and seriously injuring at least 13 others. Police arrest suspect Alek Minassian. The motive remains unclear.
Jan. 29, 2017: Six people are killed and eight injured when a man goes on a shooting rampage at a Quebec City mosque. University student Alexandre Bissonnette, who had taken far-right political positions on social media, pleads guilty.
Dec. 29, 2014: In the worst mass shooting in Edmonton, a man suspected of domestic violence shoots and kills six adults and two young children in two different homes. Phu Lam then killed himself in a restaurant where he worked.
June 4, 2014: A man uses a semi-automatic rifle to fatally shoot three Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers and wound two others in Moncton, New Brunswick. The attack by Justin Bourque was the deadliest attack on the RCMP since four officers were killed by a gunman in the western province of Alberta in 2005.
April 5, 1996: Angered by his wife's divorce action, Mark Chahal kills her and eight other members of her family in Vernon, British Columbia, before shooting himself.
Sept. 18, 1992: A bomb kills nine strike-breaking workers at the Giant Yellowknife gold mine in the Northwest Territories.
Dec. 6, 1989: A man with a semi-automatic rifle storms into an engineering classroom at the Ecole Polytechnique in Montreal, asks men to leave and then kills 14 women before turning the gun on himself. Gunman Marc Lepine says he was "fighting against feminists" he blamed for his troubles.
Sept. 1, 1972: An arson attack on a downtown Montreal night club kills 37 people and injures 64. Gasoline was spread on the stairway of Blue Bird Cafe and then ignited. Most of the deaths occurred in the Wagon Wheel country-western bar upstairs. Three young men from Montreal who had earlier been denied entry for drunkenness were convicted and sentenced to life in prison.
———
Replaces 1996 entry to correct name of shooter to Mark Chahal.
WEST LONG BRANCH, N.J. (AP) -- Jesus Cruz's running floater in the paint with 2.1 seconds left gave Fairfield a 79-78 victory over Monmouth on Friday night.
With 9.1 seconds left and Fairfield inbounding from Monmouth's end, Cruz took a pass just inside halfcourt and drove to the hoop where he split two defenders to put in a soft one-hander. A hurried 3-pointer by Monmouth's Deion Hammond was short at the buzzer.
Cruz finished with 13 points. Tyler Nelson made five 3-pointers and scored 26 points with Ferron Flavors Jr. adding 10 points and Jonathan Kasibabu nine points and nine rebounds for the Stags (9-13, 4-7 Metro Atlantic Athletic Association), who have won two straight with an overtime victory over Iona on Monday.
Zac Tillman scored 18 points, Ray Salnave 16, Austin Tilghman 14 with nine assists and Hammond 10 points for the Hawks (7-15, 3-7).
There were 11 lead changes and eight ties.
Visuals have become increasingly important to music as listening habits amongst the masses have shifted to be more Internet-based. Technology also plays a part as well, allowing a larger gate of entry for people “jacked in” on the net looking to dabble in music video production. It's one thing for a song to have an accompanying video clip, but two filmmakers from Australia are taking things to the next level.
Heath Kerr (aka HEATA) and Josh Davis have been sharing their talents with the Australian hip-hop scene for over a decade, establishing themselves as the go-to team for executing some of the countries most important video clips.
HEATA sharpened his directing and editing swords in the Melbourne underground scene, providing video clips for Bias B, Tornts, beatboxer extraordinaire Tom Thum (aka Tommy Illfigga), Bigfoot, Kerser, Flu and Jake Biz, as one half of Full Clip alongside the multitalented Crate Cartel don Discourse.
Josh Davis made a name for himself amongst the hip-hop community by capturing visuals for Brad Strut of Lyrical Commission and Unkut Recordings. Together, they have collaborated and put together cinematic clips for some truly groundbreaking songs, raised the level of quality standards immensely and proved to be extremely popular with tens of millions of views so far.
If there were ever an award handed out for earning the most awards, then A.B. Original — Briggs and Trials of The Funkoars — with their powerful debut album Reclaim Australia (2016) would surely get the nod. The album was revered for both its strong political message and musical quality.
Nineteen Eighty Four Films took on the challenge of conveying important topics in a visual form, mainly the racism and prejudice in Australia's authoritarian system. The clip below is beautifully harsh, as well as confronting at times, and the warning during the title screen is no joke. If a picture is worth a thousand words, then this video will definitely help shed light on an issue that mainstream Australia has swept under the rug for far too long.
“The video sees Briggs' own family playing the forefront in what feels like a deserted, disenfranchised section of a community that has been left to its own devices.”
Briggs has made the transition from solely being a rapper to having an important public voice in a short amount of time, thanks to tracks like “Bad Apples”. The video is shot outside Briggs hometown of Shepparton, which is a vastly different landscape to the inner city surroundings that are often associated with hip-hop videos. The red dirt and hot sun of Australia make for a very unique aesthetic, and truly get across both the character and importance of the lyrics. The duo was also behind the videos for the uplifting “The Children Came Back” and more recently “Locked Up”, which both also feature Briggs.
One of the most impressive projects undertaken by Nineteen Eighty Four Films was the 2013 short film/music video/street musical “Kold Heat” DVD release. With a running time of just over ten minutes, the piece manages to showcase verses from several of the Brisbane crew's rap talent with a rather uniquely-written narrative that ties them all together. With this one-of-a-kind project arriving during a time where attention spans are getting shorter and shorter, it stands as a true work of art.
In late 2017, one of the most successful solo artists in Australia dropped his “Blessed One” video ; in just six months, it is quickly approaching a million views. The Sydney MC was one of the first to utilize the act of frequently dropping videos and online exclusive content to build a fan base, and has since made a connection with a whole demographic previously ignored by majority of Australian hip-hop. The concept was simpler than his previous videos, but sometimes less is more. HEATA neatly packaged the single — essentially a documentation of a photo shoot — into an entertaining clip, proving that there doesn't always need to be intricate scriptwriting and creative shooting techniques to get the job done.
From brainstorming concept ideas, scriptwriting, filming, editing and everything in between, Nineteen Eighty Four Films has produced some of the finest recorded material in the Australian music industry with their high definition portrayals of the darkest corners in Australian life. Other notable videos to check out include Kings Konekted‘s “Value of Adaption” (seen below), Tornts' “I Do This” and Alerts recent “The Prisoner”.
Execution complete.
Arch-Blairite John McTernan, February 2016: “The idiots in Momentum will destroy themselves before they destroy Labour… It's war. Well it was always a war, really… Trying to sneak enemies of the Labour Party in through the back door as Momentum plan is the surest way to find out that the “the broad mainstream of Labour Party grassroots” do not welcome collusion with their electoral enemies. It is indeed a golden rule of politics – never underestimate the stupidity of your opponents.”
Top Corbynista John McTernan, August 2017: “Momentum is within the Labour Party, it's made up of members of the Labour Party… there's lots of energy amongst Momentum members… They're adding something, some richness to the Labour Party that's not in any other political party in Britain or even in Europe at the moment so it's a very interesting initiative… I'm a member of Momentum myself, I joined it because of the energy around that movement.”
June 14, 2017 16:48 EST
Welcome to SparkSpread.com
This page is only available to subscribers.
If you are already a subscriber, please log in below...
Log in
If you would like to register for a free trial to SparkSpread.com, click here
A rental van rampaged down Yonge Street near Finch in north Toronto this week, leaving 10 dead and 15 injured in its one-kilometre path. The police have arrested 25-year-old Richmond Hill resident Alek Minassian in connection to the incident. He has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
There has been an outpouring of grief and support in response to the horrific attack on social media, with many wondering what more they can do to help. Here are some of the ways Canadians can assist:
Share information
If you have information that may help inform the events in North York, you can call the hotline that Toronto Police set up for witnesses at 416-808-8750. Anonymous tips can also be left by calling Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
There were many photos and videos that surfaced from the scene of the incident. If you were in the area and took photos or videos you'd like to share with the police to help the investigation, you can do so here.
Donate blood
You can also donate blood to help. Canadian Blood Services said in a tweet that “Regular donations throughout the year enable us to respond to an emergency immediately. If you would like to donate blood as a way to help during this time, please visit blood.ca to book an appointment.”
Donate to fundraising campaigns
There are several GoFundMe campaigns that have launched in response to the incident in North York but one started by Canada Zakat seems to be gaining the most traction. You can donate here. The campaign has already raised approximately $50,000 of its $1 million goal that will go towards helping with the victims' funeral expenses. Canada Zakat says that it “helped raise and distribute over $800,000 to the victims and their families of last year's mosque shooting in Quebec.”
Islamic Relief Canada has also launched a fundraising campaign on Launch Good, which has raised around $2,500 of its $100,000 goal. According to the campaign page, all funds will be distributed to the families of those affected. You can donate here.
MORE ABOUT TORONTO VAN ATTACK:
The onscreen Rachel Green- Jennifer Aniston hinted at a potential Friends reunion at the latest episode of The Ellen DeGeneres show. After performing at the popular theme song of Friends, Ellen asked the superstar if there is a possibility of Friends reunion. Aniston replied that anything is possibility. She sarcastically added, George Clooney got married, that's like anything can happen.
Actress Jennifer Aniston has hinted at the possibility of a ‘Friends' reunion, almost 15 years after the popular show ended. ‘The Yellow Birds' actress talked about the show during an appearance on ‘The Ellen DeGeneres Show', reports independent.co.uk. The actress also gave some details on her new TV series with actress Reese Witherspoon. But the conversation didn't stick to her new show – it focused on an old one ‘Friends'. After performing the clap from the ‘Friends' theme song ‘I'll be there for you', DeGeneres asked Aniston what everyone has always been wondering about a reunion: “Is it even in the realm of possibility?”
The Emmy award-winning actress played it cool and said: “Anything is a possibility, Ellen. Anything! Right? I mean, George Clooney got married… That's like an anything can happen.” ‘Friends' had a successful run on TV from 1994 to 2004, starring Aniston, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow, Matt LeBlanc, Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer. Spread over 10 seasons, the sitcom revolves around six friends living in Manhattan. Aniston also talked about her upcoming Apple TV show with Reese Witherspoon that will focus on the lives of people working on a morning television show.
Recently, the Friends fever was sparked off again as a fake trailer came into the light. Commenting on the same, Lisa Kundro, who essayed the role of Phoebe, said: “They're rebooting everything, but I don't know how does that work with Friends, though? That was about people in their, you know, 20s, 30s. The show isn't about people in their 40s, 50s. And if we have the same problems then that's just sad.”
Talented students put their creativity to the test creating outdoor play equipment for youngsters.
A group of East Durham College students were bursting with pride when they handed over their handmade wooden play equipment, including a boat, car and bike, to the children at Shotton Hall Primary School in Peterlee.
Students from Houghall College who worked on the play equipment.
The nine students, who are studying on a level two employability skills programme at the college's Houghall campus in Durham city, needed to work on a community project as part of their studies.
The project was set up thanks to a link between Shotton Hall Primary and their lecturer, John Murray.
John said: “Outdoor play equipment is very expensive, so the school approached us to see if we could help with some equipment for their early years outdoor play area.
“The group had to work on all elements of the project from planning, preparation, construction to the handover. They hand-built all the items at Houghall and completed the whole project in about 3 weeks.
“They all worked extremely hard on the project and should be extremely proud of what they have achieved, I know I am.”
Students Chloe Brown, 17, Courtney Kennedy, 17, Dale Hanley, 18, Ellis McKinnie, 22, and Ryan Marshall, 19, all travelled to Peterlee to hand over the wooden items they had built and were choked by the reaction of the children.
Dale said: “We all loved working on this project and it really helped improve our teamwork skills.
“To see the children all excited about the new toys was fantastic, it really warmed your heart. We were all a bit choked up by their amazing reaction.”
Cheryl McCoy, Early Years Leader at Shotton Hall Primary, said: “Imaginative play is a really important part of a child's development and this fantastic new equipment is a great addition to the children's outdoor play area.”
Former NBA star Dennis Rodman, on low-key return to Pyongyang, has given the North Korean sports minister a copy of President Donald Trump's book "The Art of the Deal."
It wasn't signed by Trump, who was Rodman's boss for two seasons of the "Celebrity Apprentice" reality TV show.
Rodman's arrival on Tuesday came just hours after the North decided to release Otto Warmbier, an American university student who had been imprisoned for 15 years with hard labor for trying to steal a propaganda banner.
Warmbier, who had been confined for 17 months, has apparently fallen into a coma not long after his confinement began. Pyongyang said Thursday saying it decided to let him go for "humanitarian reasons."
Officials in Washington and Pyongyang said Rodman played no role in the release.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Some clouds. Low around 80F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph..
Tonight
Some clouds. Low around 80F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph.
TORONTO (AP) — Adonis Stevenson of Canada will defend his WBC light heavyweight title against Badou Jack of Sweden in Toronto on May 19.
The bout at Air Canada Centre will be the ninth title defense for Stevenson, who is from Quebec. His promoter had hoped to have the fight in Montreal, although his manager wanted it in Toronto.
Stevenson (29-1) is a 40-year-old power puncher eyeing a 25th career knockout. He made a title defense in Toronto in 2015 against unheralded Tommy Karpency at Ricoh Coliseum.
Jack (22-1-2) is a former WBC super middleweight champion who moved up one weight class to become the WBA's light heavyweight champ with a win over Britain's Nathan Cleverly in August. He vacated that title rather than face mandatory challenger Dmitry Bivol.
Two sisters tied down and burned a 5-year-old girl, permanently disfiguring her, in a voodoo ritual meant to rid her of a demon causing her to misbehave, police said. The women also threatened to cut off the head of the girl's 8-year-old brother with a machete, authorities said.
The boy said his sister was tied down on at least two occasions while the sisters blew fire over her face and cut her on the arm and in the collar area with a needle-like object, drawing blood, according to police. The girl said the women also poured over her eyes a substance that stung.
Peggy LaBossiere, 51, and Rachel Hilaire, 40, of East Bridgewater, denied injuring the girl and threatening the boy, the Brockton Enterprise reported . They pleaded not guilty on Jan. 29 to mayhem, assault and other charges. A public defender for the women didn't return a call seeking comment on Saturday.
Police say the girl's mother is a hair stylist of Haitian descent who has LaBossiere as a client and requested the ritual. She has not been charged but is receiving mental health treatment.
The sisters will be back in Brockton Superior Court on Wednesday for a hearing to determine whether they're too dangerous to be released.
The sisters told police that they have performed "cleansing baths" for family and friends in the past, something that involves chanting prayers, rubbing frankincense and eucalyptus oils and sea salt on their bodies, and burning myrrh, the newspaper reported. Children sometimes get burned as spirits leave the body, they said.
The girl suffered a third-degree burn across her face that will leave her permanently disfigured, police said. She was treated at a hospital and taken into custody by state welfare authorities, along with her brother, who described to police what happened at the sisters' house over multiple days.
Voodoo refers to religious practices developed centuries ago by enslaved Africans in the Caribbean, primarily in Haiti, where the practices are sometimes spelled "vodou."
———
Information from: The (Brockton, Mass.) Enterprise, http://www.enterprisenews.com
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE W L T Pts GF GA Atlanta United FC 8 3 2 26 27 17 Columbus 7 3 4 25 18 10 New York City FC 7 3 3 24 26 19 New York 7 3 1 22 26 12 Orlando City 6 5 1 19 22 20 New England 5 4 4 19 22 19 Philadelphia 5 5 3 18 15 16 Chicago 4 7 2 14 18 24 Toronto FC 3 7 1 10 14 20 Montreal 3 10 0 9 14 29 D.C. United 2 5 3 9 14 18 WESTERN CONFERENCE W L T Pts GF GA Sporting Kansas City 7 2 4 25 24 13 Los Angeles FC 6 3 3 21 24 19 Portland 6 3 2 20 19 17 FC Dallas 5 1 5 20 17 11 Houston 5 3 3 18 26 18 Vancouver 4 5 5 17 19 27 LA Galaxy 5 6 1 16 16 19 Minnesota United 5 7 1 16 16 22 Real Salt Lake 5 6 1 16 15 25 San Jose 2 7 3 9 18 23 Seattle 2 6 2 8 7 12 Colorado 2 7 2 8 13 20
NOTE: Three points for victory, one point for tie.
___
Friday, May 25
FC Dallas 1, Toronto FC 0
Houston 3, New York City FC 1
LA Galaxy 1, San Jose 0
Saturday, May 26
Real Salt Lake 1, Seattle 0
New England 3, Vancouver 3, tie
Philadelphia 0, New York 0, tie
Chicago 2, Orlando City 1
Minnesota United 2, Montreal 0
Portland 3, Colorado 2
D.C. United 1, Los Angeles FC 1, tie
Sunday, May 27
Columbus 0, Sporting Kansas City 0, tie
Wednesday, May 30
Atlanta United FC 1, New England 1, tie
Philadelphia 3, Chicago 1
Houston at Real Salt Lake, 9:30 p.m.
FC Dallas at LA Galaxy, 10:30 p.m.
Friday, June 1
Vancouver at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Saturday, June 2
LA Galaxy at Portland, 5 p.m.
Houston at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
New York at New England, 7:30 p.m.
Orlando City at New York City FC, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Atlanta United FC, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto FC at Columbus, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles FC at FC Dallas, 8 p.m.
San Jose at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Seattle at Real Salt Lake, 9:30 p.m.
Sunday, June 3
Minnesota United at Sporting Kansas City, 8:30 p.m.
(Source: EBRSO): East Baton Rouge Sheriff's Office has in custody 27-year-old Dominique Johnson on charges of stalking, home invasion, and attempted first-degree feticide after authorities say Johnson and another woman repeatedly punched a pregnant woman
A Baton Rouge woman is behind bars after authorities say her and another woman attacked a pregnant family member repeatedly punching her in the stomach.
East Baton Rouge Sheriff's Office has in custody 27-year-old Dominique Johnson on charges of stalking, home invasion, and attempted first-degree feticide after authorities say Johnson and another woman repeatedly punched a pregnant woman in the stomach with the intent to kill or inflict bodily harm.
On October 19, Baton Rouge Police Department officers responded to an incident on Erie St. where they were informed a pregnant woman had been attached to Johnson and another woman. According to the probable cause report, both women are relatives of the pregnant victim.
Authorities say Johnson and the other woman, identified police as Roshawn Williams, allegedly forced their way into the victim's home without her permission and both repeatedly punched her in the stomach multiple times. The two had also broken the front window and table inside of the resident during the attack, reports say.
During the course of the investigation, officers noticed "a large bruised area" to the victim's stomach. The woman confirmed with officers several times that she wanted to press charges against both Johnson and Willams.
Authorities say while investigating they were made aware of a prior incident on September 29, 2017, where an unknown female had knocked on the victim's door and she was attacked by Johnson and Williams. In that incidents, both woman allegedly punched the victim in the face before fleeing on foot.
Based on the victim's account of the incident and bruising, authorities found probable cause to issue a warrant out for the arrest of the two woman for attempted first-degree feticide for punching the woman and home invasion and stalking as well.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved
By Jason Keidel
» More Columns
Three days ago, at the dead our of 11 p.m., thrilled to see the NFL on my screen again after a seven-month snooze, I slapped a harmless question on my FB page.
“Should the Jets call Colin Kaepernick?”
Had I asked about Aaron Rodgers, I'd be laughed off my laptop. Had I asked about Peyton Manning I'd be directed toward a drug test. Had I made the more reasonable inquiry about Robert Griffin III or even A.J. McCarron, I'd have been ignored.
But even at that sleepy hour, in the shadow of midnight, there was a deluge of responses to Kaepernick, the NFL's corporeal powder keg. And, unlike most players, the longer he goes without a job the more spellbound the public becomes by it.
MORE: Colin Kaepernick Supporters Planning Aug. 23 Rally Outside NFL Headquarters
Just a few weeks from the NFL season, Kaepernick is still unemployed. And if the Ravens or Broncos or teams of greater timbre still balk on Kaepernick, then why not the Jets?
Some fans argue that if you're going to tank, then do it right. Dive down to the bottom, bag the worst record, then grab Sam Darnold. Why fool around with 3-13 when 1-15 will get you the pick of the college litter?
That approach rarely works. For every “Suck for (Andrew) Luck” campaign, many others fail. There are just too many variables to tweak your 2018 roster in 2017. What if the USC QB doesn't declare for the draft? What if he shreds his knee? What if the Jets somehow turn out to be better than we expected?
Also, it's wholly unfair to Jets fans, who have spent good money on tickets and jerseys, who spend November and December bracing for bitter winds and cold rains and bad rosters and way more losses than wins. The least you can do is assure your customers that you're trying.
Kaepernick is clearly better than any QB the Jets currently employ. The Jets' presumed starter, Josh McCown, threw six touchdowns and six interceptions last season on a team that went 1-15, while Kaepernick tossed 16 TDs and four picks for a club that went 2-14. Kaepernick has a stronger arm, faster legs, and is nearly 10 years younger. And for a club like the Jets that has flatlined long before the season starts, Kaepernick would add some kind of sizzle, breathe life into that which is lifeless.
The pro-Kaep camp says it's absurd that Greg Hardy and Joe Mixon get second chances, despite a galling episode or history of violence against women. Meawhile, Kaepernick toils in NFL purgatory because he took a knee before a football game. If you limit the scope strictly to that narrative, they're obviously right.
When you add cultural and customer concerns, it gets murkier. You also don't need Kaepernick's girlfriend comparing Steve Bisciotti and Ray Lewis to Leonardo DiCaprio and Samuel L Jackson from “Django Unchained,” basically branding the Ravens' boss a slave owner and Lewis his lackey. Not a good look. Nor do you get a job in Miami while sporting Fidel Castro t-shirts.
Kaepenick has made two major mistakes since his protest. First, he assumed he could partition his intentions. You can't do what he did then decide who gets offended. You can't say you knelt over police brutality but didn't mean to disrespect the flag or veterans. For most Americans, the flag is wrapped around our values and freedoms and those who defend them.
But perhaps the biggest problem isn't what Kaepernick's fans or friends are saying, but rather what Kaepernick himself isn't saying. When was the last time the embattled QB took the stage, dais, or microphone to explain himself? If he so ardently wants back on the gridiron, why not tell us exactly where and how he stands on all this? Why be defined by everyone else, caught in a social media vortex that rarely represents anyone well?
Kaepernick's silence has led to much of his PR plunge, to his girlfriend's absurd statement, to a gaggle of online gangsters speaking for Kaepernick out of self-promotion, not out of selfless devotion to his health or future employment.
But still, if we walk back to the moral relativism in all this, why are we so threatened by someone who kneels for 90 seconds? My grandfather was an Army colonel. My uncle was a Marine. And I enlisted in the military at 18. I'm hardly losing sleep over Kaepernick. Sure, it bugged me, but I got over it and found a way to focus on things that actually impact my life.
Each person will metabolize the person and expression in their own way. But with Marshawn Lynch and Michael Bennett joining the growing chorus of protesting players, it seems this is becoming a trend, and perhaps making Kaepernick even less of a distraction.
A person can love his team, town, and country and still want Kaepernick on his club. The NFL has drafted, signed, and promoted players of exponentially lesser character (O.J. Simpson, anyone?). If Hardy, Mixon, Pac Man Jones, Mike Vick, and Ezekiel Elliott are afforded another chance, shouldn't Kaepernick get one? Is Mixon more patriotic because he shattered a woman's face but stood during the “Star-Spangled Banner”?
Woody Johnson isn't exactly on Kaepernick's holiday shopping list, or the reverse. Johnson is a renowned Republican and Trump supporter, and likely regards Kaepernick's protests with some kind of displeasure. Still, there's no law against a gesture.
If the Jets give Kaepernick a shot they would be making a gesture, as well: that they actually care about the 2017 NFL season.
Follow Jason on Twitter at @JasonKeidel
In a matter of months, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin managed to cost American taxpayers more than $800,000 for travel aboard military aircraft, yet apparently, he broke no laws, an official government inquiry found.
The decision came on the heels of Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price's resignation from office. Price stepped down after Politico reported on the Cabinet member's frequent use of chartered and military flights, which reportedly cost taxpayers more than $1 million. Five of those chartered flights occurred during the same week and were used for domestic travel between cities ranging from Washington, D.C., to Waterville, Maine.
Steve Mnuchin's travel habits came under official scrutiny in August after his wife, Louise Linton, posted a photograph to Instagram highlighting the luxury designers she was wearing as the couple descended from a government plane they took to Kentucky. More
The reported details of Mnuchin's military aircraft travel since March were similarly lavish. Mnuchin flew on a military flight to meet with President Donald Trump at Trump Tower in New York, a round trip that cost $15,000, The New York Times reported.
According to Politico, Cabinet members' travel aboard military aircraft is approved by the White House on a case-by-case basis, and is sometimes necessary for Cabinet members dealing with national security.
The Times cited an internal email that said Mnuchin needed a military plane in order to have a classified telephone conversation with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
In another case, Mnuchin cost taxpayers $43,725.50 to fly to Miami for a meeting with the Mexican finance minister, the Times reported. A commercial round-trip flight would have cost less than $1,000.
Still, the Treasury's Office of the Inspector General found that Mnuchin's use of military aircraft on seven official trips broke no laws, but asked the secretary to provide more justifications for such travel in the future.
“I recommend that the OIG advise that future requests be ready to justify government air in greater detail, especially regarding cost comparisons and needs for security and other special factors,” OIG counsel Rich Delmar wrote in his report, according to Reuters.
Mnuchin's travel habits came under official scrutiny in August after his wife, Louise Linton, posted a photograph to Instagram highlighting the luxury designers she was wearing as the couple descended from a government plane they took to Kentucky for an official trip that just happened to coincide with the path of the total solar eclipse.
Mnuchin, a multimillionaire and former Goldman Sachs executive, pushed back against criticism from Democrats and watchdog agencies about the trip.
“People in Kentucky took this stuff very seriously,” he said in an interview with The Washington Post. “Being a New Yorker, I don't have any interest in watching the eclipse.”
Reports also surfaced over the summer that Mnuchin requested use of a government jet for his European honeymoon to Scotland, France and Italy. Such an aircraft would have reportedly cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour to operate. His office eventually withdrew the request.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Glenn Close, Alison Brie, Patrick Stewart and Terry Crews will be among the presenters at the Writers Guild Awards next month.
The guild announced that Bob Odenkirk, Minnie Driver, Sarah Silverman and Dylan McDermott will also present at the bi-coastal awards show on Feb. 11.
Patton Oswalt will host the ceremony, which will present writer-director James L. Brooks with its Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement.
Awards are presented in both New York and Los Angeles, although the West Coast show features most of the star power.
The nominees for best original screenplay this year is: "The Big Sick," ''Get Out," ''I, Tonya," ''Lady Bird" and "The Shape of Water."
The adapted screenplay nominees are: "Call Me By Your Name," ''The Disaster Artist," ''Logan," ''Molly's Game" and "Mudbound."
BELFAST, Maine (AP) — A Norwegian firm says it has bought land in Maine that it intends to use to build one of the world's largest land-based salmon farms.
Nordic Aquafarms says it has signed an agreement to buy 40 acres on the outskirts of Belfast. It says the initial project phase will include a $150 million investment, employ 60 people and take about two years to complete.
Maine Gov. Paul LePage says he's supporting the project, which he says will grow the economy and seafood industry in the state's mid-coast region. Nordic Aquafarms chief executive officer Erik Heim says Maine is the best location for the firm to expand in the U.S.
Maine and New Brunswick, Canada, are home to longstanding salmon farming operations. Norway, Chile, and Scotland are other big producers of salmon.
Law expert Neeru Chadha has been elected a judge of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea (ITLOS) and will be the first Indian woman to serve on the 21-member court. Chadha, who is a legal consultant to the Indian government, has experience of ITLOS from the other side of the bench.
On Wednesday, she won a nine-year term on the tribunal that adjudicates disputes arising over the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) and agreements between countries that give it jurisdiction.
The tribunal was set up in 1996 and is based in Hamburg, Germany.
Chadha was the only candidate from the Asia Pacific Group to be elected in the first round of elections where the 168 countries that are parties to UNCLOS voted.
Judge P. Chandrasekhara Rao, the Indian currently on the tribunal, completes his second nine-year-term this year. He served as the President of the tribunal from 1999 to 2002.
Chadha was the first woman to be the chief legal adviser to the Indian government and her career includes stints as an additional secretary in the External Affairs Ministry and a counsellor at India's UN Mission.
She successfully represented the country before the tribunal in the case brought by Italy demanding the release of two of its marines charged by India with killing two Indian fishermen.
She also represented India in a frivolous case brought in the International Court of Justice (ICJ) by the Marshall Islands over what it said was New Delhi's failure to end the nuclear race.
Defending champions India will aim to live up to their tag of title contenders and dominate Bangladesh in the second semi-final of the Champions Trophy cricket tournament here on Thursday.
Bangladesh rode on a record partnership between Shakib Al Hasan and Mahmadullah to beat New Zealand by five wickets in their last match in Group A.
The South Asians had suffered a top order collapse, losing four wickets by the 12th over before Shakib and Mahmadullah got together to add 224 runs between them — Bangladesh's highest partnership in One-Day Internationals (ODI).
Apart from scoring a brilliant century, Shakib also bowled economically. Mahmudallah will also look to add strength to the side's batting while openers Tamim Iqbal and Soumya Sarkar will have to give the team a good start against India.
Pacer Mustafizur Rahman will be the key in the Bangladesh bowling line-up. He has featured in the Indian Premier League (IPL) and should have some idea of the strengths and weaknesses of the Indian batsmen.
The Bangladesh bowling line-up featuring the likes of pacers Taskin Ahmed, Rubel Hossain and Mashrafe Mortaza alongside spinners Shakib and Mosaddek Hossain will aim to test the Indian batsman with their pace and variation.
Meanwhile India, led by skipper Virat Kohli will look to play ruthlessly and dominate Bangladesh right from the start.
The Indian batting has done well in most of their group matches and will aim to continue their good form.
Openers Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan have done well so far and could pose all sorts of problems for the Bangladesh bolwers. Dhawan is the top scorer of the tournament with 271 runs in three matches.
Besides the openers, Kohli, Yuvraj Singh and Mahendra Singh Dhoni have been in good nick and have the capability to snatch the match away from Bangladesh on their own with individual performances.
The Indian bowling department is also balanced with frontline pacers Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Jasprit Bumrah and Umesh Yadav alongside spinners Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja. Medium-pacer Hardik Pandya will also look to provide breakthroughs in the middle-overs.
Kohli may look to experiment in the bowling department against Bangladesh, having benched Yadav to include Ashwin in their last Group B match against South Africa.
Since 2007, India have met Bangladesh seven times in ICC events. India leads the head-to-head battle 6-1 with Bangladesh having defeated India the last time in 2007.
Squads:
India: Virat Kohli (C), Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Yuvraj Singh, Mahendra Singh Dhoni (wicketkeeper), Kedar Jadhav, Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Jasprit Bumrah, Umesh Yadav, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Ravichandran Ashwin, Ajinkya Rahane, Dinesh Karthik.
Bangladesh: Mashrafe Mortaza (captain), Imrul Kayes, Mahmudullah, Mehedi Hasan, Mosaddek Hossain, Mushfiqur Rahim (wicketkeeper), Mustafizur Rahman, Rubel Hossain, Sabbir Rahman, Shafiul Islam, Shakib Al Hasan, Soumya Sarkar, Sunzamul Islam, Tamim Iqbal, Taskin Ahmed.
TAIPEI, Taiwan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Extech Electronics Co. (EEC), a leading innovator and producer of manufacturing and industrial-grade power sources has re-energized its line of premium power sources with the introduction of the 6300 and 6500 series. The 6300 series is a tri-phase power source capable of outputting up to 300kVA, while the new 6500 series is a single-phase power source that can produce up to 80kVA. Both series offer new features that include ramp-up and ramp-down functions, optional 350V or 600V voltage, and the ability to fully adjust frequencies that surpass all previous models.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006596/en/
EEC 6300/6500 series AC power source capable of outputting up to 300kVA
EEC designed its 6300 and 6500 lines of power sources to handle today's most demanding industrial and manufacturing environments. Both lines are ideally suited to powering electrical motors, handling application in the aerospace and transportation sectors, and testing heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) equipment. The broader control provided by the optional, fully adjustable 360-440Hz and 760 – 840 Hz makes these power source products particularly suitable to aerospace testing applications.
“We see growth among many emerging industries utilizing high-power to test their new energy products and components, such as air-conditioning systems, large industrial electric motors, and electrical power charging stations, which demand high-power sources to simulate the real-world conditions and power-supply variations,” said Brian Chen, EEC General Manager. “The 6300 and 6500 series are our answer to this high demand. The 6300 series is the most powerful tri-phase AC source that EEC has ever built, with up to 300kVA output, which is suitable for a wide range of applications.”
Both the 6300 and 6500 series include BNC connectivity for universal control of PLC; automatic voltage adjustment via EEC proprietary Over Current Fold (OCF) for activating DUT; and LED frequency, voltage, current, and power status displays.
EEC's new 6300 and 6500 series power sources raise the bar on the company's already exemplary catalog of premium power source and testing equipment, designed to assure the highest level of safety and quality assurance.
To learn more about EEC new 6300 and 6500 series, visit; https://www.eecextech.com/products/6300-high-power-programmable-3-phase-ac-power-source/ https://www.eecextech.com/products/6500-series-high-power-programmable-ac-power-source/
About Extech Electronics Co.
For 40 years, Extech Electronics Co. (EEC) has been producing cutting-edge electrical safety testers and AC power sources for a variety of industries. We strive to earn our customers' trust by consistently offering dependable products, services, and reliable support for all testing applications. For more information visit www.eecextech.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006596/en/
CONTACT: Extech Electronics Co.
Sasha Wang, +886-2-21653066 #2201
Jason Hung, +886-2-21653066 #2217
marketing@eecextech.com
KEYWORD: ASIA PACIFIC TAIWAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY OTHER ENERGY TECHNOLOGY OTHER TECHNOLOGY MANUFACTURING OTHER MANUFACTURING AUTOMOTIVE GENERAL AUTOMOTIVE
SOURCE: Extech Electronics Co.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 10:00 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 10:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006596/en
Jordan Hugill could be said to have polarised opinion among Preston fans at times but his sale to West Ham this week seemed to get a universal nod of approval.
No one could begrudge him a crack at playing in the Premier League and the good luck messages poured in for him once he put pen to paper on his four-and-a-half year deal at the London Stadium.
The club record sale by North End for a fee of around £9.5m was terrific business, a huge return on a £25,000 investment in June 2014.
I doubt even Mystic Meg could have predicted such a rise, Hugill going from being a Middlesbrough barman to Premier League player in a little more than five years.
Don't miss the latest football transfer news and gossip from leagues in England, Scotland and Europe with footballwire.co.uk
From a monetary point of view, it was a no-brainer for PNE to cash in.
Even with the sell-on clause to Port Vale, the profit was huge and it seemed the right time for a parting of the ways.
I'm glad his new home is in the Premier League and not a fellow Championship club, even if West Ham fans might not share that view.
Ipswich, Birmingham, Wolves and Reading had all tried to lure him away in the past year but sometimes waiting for a while longer can pay dividends.
Last August, patience was lacking from Hugill when he handed in a transfer request to try and force an £8m move to Reading.
With all respect, a switch to the Madejski Stadium would have been a sideways move and not the exciting adventure Hugill now has in front of him.
His story is a great one, something a bit different in a footballing world which is getting rather predictable.
Not for Hugill was the path through the academy to Under-23 games played on immaculate pitches.
His career started with a diet of non-league football on the North Yorkshire coast and then a spell with the Glenn Hoddle academy in Spain – a venture where young players without clubs were given their chance.
Hugill tore his cruciate ligament after coming home from Spain to play non-league.
To make ends meet while he recovered and couldn't play football, he took a job behind a bar pulling pints and mixing cocktails.
The striker pitched up at Deepdale three-and-a-half years ago in what was a low-risk punt by North End.
Hugill's was a steady rise with a few hiccups along the way – a red card and a knee injury stalling him early on.
He saw red again in the first few weeks of his second season but bounced back.
It was in the last two or three months of that 2015/16 campaign that Hugill came to prominence, scoring in the derby wins at Bolton and Blackburn.
When Joe Garner left at the start of 2016/17, Hugill got his chance and rarely looked back.
His work-rate was a huge part of his game and very much appreciated by many.
Some looked at him not being a prolific goalscorer and felt he wasn't for them.
That was shown when the first whiff of interest came in from Ipswich just over a year ago – there were those who would have sold then for the £1.5m on offer.
To this day there are North End fans who regard Hugill as overrated and are pinching themselves at the fee West Ham paid.
Clearly, there is a market for strikers of his ilk, for the old-fashioned targetman which is becoming an endangered species in the era of No.10s and false nines.
The fact that four clubs from the Championship bid for him in 2017, followed up by the interest from Crystal Palace and then West Ham moving in to buy him, shows that a market is there.
Hugill and similar types might not be as easy on the eye as some strikers but there remains a place for them.
With Hugill now a happy Hammer, thoughts turn to life without him at Preston.
The targetman option is now gone from their game which won't necessarily be a bad thing if it encourages more play on the floor.
North End did just that at Nottingham Forest during the week and also last month against Wycombe.
The idea was to try and move the opposition defence around via interchanging and quick movement along the front line.
A test of that approach could well come against Hull City this weekend, should the Tigers choose to sit in and absorb pressure like other teams have done this season at Deepdale.
After Hugill's exit and the close of the window, what is the state of health of Preston's squad?
During January there were mixed messages about whether Louis Moult could be regarded as a replacement for Hugill or as a foil for him.
It appears Moult was the replacement, in situ should Hugill be lured away.
Alex Neil seems to think he has got enough up front, the PNE boss having a liking for the 4-2-3-1 system with plenty of movement in and around a central striker.
Time will tell if that is the case, he certainly has the numbers in that attacking line behind the frontman.
Further back on the pitch, not being able to land Ryan Ledson or someone similar has raised concerns, should Ben Pearson continue to pick up yellow cards.
In my book, signing Ledson would have been the icing on the cake.
No. 6 Xavier escaped with a narrow victory Tuesday at St. John's, which is winless in the Big East, but the Musketeers are not fretting the 73-68 outcome as they prepare to host Georgetown on Saturday.
The win over St. John's was Xavier's first game in six days, and the Red Storm took the Musketeers (20-3, 8-2 Big East) to the limit in Cincinnati only 13 days previously, losing 88-82.
Xavier coach Chris Mack is looking mostly at how defensive stops down the stretch led to the victory. St. John's, 0-11 in conference play, was thrwarted three consecutive times from scoring in the last minute.
"We didn't play particularly well, but I thought St. John's had a lot to do with that," Mack said. "They hit you with quickness on both ends of the floor. ... We knew it would be a tough game. We didn't have any kind of mindset -- at least the coaching staff didn't -- we didn't have any inkling it wasn't going to be a tough game."
The Musketeers committed 16 turnovers against St. John's, but their balanced scoring proved to be the difference.
Xavier had four players in double figures, led by Trevon Blueitt's 14 points. Kerem Kanter, who hit a pivotal 3-pointer with 18 seconds left, finished with 13 points. Quentin Goodin (13) and J.P. Macura (11) were the other double-figure scorers.
Kaiser Gates scored all five of his points in the last eight minutes. Freshman Naji Marshall added seven points.
"It didn't look good, but if we can go on the road and win, it's always good enough," Goodin said.
Georgetown (13-8, 3-7) has lost four of its last five games. The game at Xavier is the second of three straight road games for the Hoyas, who play at Providence on Tuesday. They are 3-3 on the road.
Freshman guard Jahvon Blair had a career-high 21 points, bolstered by five 3-pointers and a perfect 4-of-4 performance from the free throw line, in Georgetown's 85-77 loss at Creighton on Tuesday.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A UPS employee opened fire at a San Francisco package delivery facility on Wednesday, killing three employees and then himself as officers closed in, police and the company said.
San Francisco assistant police chief Toney Chaplin said at a news conference that two others were wounded in the shooting that prompted a massive police response in an industrial neighborhood near downtown.
Police have not determined a motive. Chaplin said that the shooter was armed with an assault pistol and put the weapon to his head and pulled the trigger when police found him.
A UPS statement said the shooter and all the victims were employees. Spokesman Steve Gaut told The Associated Press that the gunman opened fire inside the facility before the drivers were sent out for their daily deliveries.
Neighbors said they heard up to eight rapid gunshots.
“It was like tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat,” said Raymond Deng, who lives across the street from the warehouse.
After the gunfire, auto shop owner Robert Kim said he saw “a mob of UPS drivers” running down the street screaming “shooter, shooter.”
Deng, 30, a data scientist for a start-up company, also saw workers fleeing and another group of about 10 who gathered on the roof and held their hands up as police arrived.
“I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings,” he said. “It's crazy.”
Police responding to the facility in the Potrero Hill area on the city's eastern edge encountered wounded victims and pulled them to safety. Then they found the gunman, who killed himself.
Investigators recovered two firearms from the scene.
Uniformed UPS employees were later led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant.
It came the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
Comments
comments
The big draw to E85 for gearheads was its 105 octane rating that's no longer posted on the pump. It's been a while since there's been any mention of E85 connected with the new vehicles, but E85 is still around, and now with E10 gasoline prices going up there's almost a one dollar-a-gallon difference in price. Our theory is California's recent tax increase on a gallon of gasoline doesn't affect the price of ethanol.
That's in Southern California and of course wherever you might be prices, and availability can vary. I bought my first flex-fuel vehicle a 2000 S-10 brand new and at the time there was only one E85 pump in all of California an average Joe could buy E85 from. There was an E85 pump at Lawrence Livermore National Labortory, Vandenberg AFB, and a couple of other not for public consumption places.
I never got a chance to burn E85 in the little S-10, but in 2005 I bought a Flex-Fuel GMC Sierra with a 5.3L L59. The advantage to driving a Flex-Fuel vehicle over a standard E10 ready car is not having to worry if E15 ever becomes the national standard. It's interesting to note that at a roundtable with a major fuel filter manufacturer our editors were told gasoline filters were only tested to an E10 threshold. And we don't think there is anyone manufacturer, or individual that can tell you whether your E10 rated gasoline filter will dissolve plug the fuel system when E15 reaches it.
Its reported and we've found it to be true due to less BTUs (British Thermal Units) the fuel mileage on E85 with its necessary 35 percent richer fuel mixture isn't as good as gasoline. My personal experience in daily freeway traffic the GMC averages 13.3 mpg on E85 and climbs back to 15-16 mpg on 87 octane E10. Another interesting side effect of E85 is it takes longer for fresh engine oil to look dirty because there's less crankcase contamination, and best of all every engine likes to perk up with extra octane and a much colder inlet temperature and its felt in seat of the pants acceleration.
With the focus on the 2019 5.3L L84 in comparison to the Flex-Fuel L59 of 2005 there's been a world of advancements in the battle to extract better fuel mileage. In fact across the board from the 5.3L to the 6.2L flagship V-8 modern technology has kept Chevrolet and GMC engines in the lead as the World's most sophisticated pushrod (OHV) engine.
The all-new 2019 Chevrolet Silverado 1500 will offer the most advanced gasoline V-8 engines in the brand's history: updated versions of the proven 5.3L and 6.2L V-8s with Dynamic Fuel Management. This industry-first cylinder deactivation technology enables the engines to operate in 17 different cylinder patterns to optimize power delivery and efficiency.
“Chevrolet first introduced its Active Fuel Management cylinder deactivation system in 2005, and Dynamic Fuel Management is a natural progression of the technology,” said Jordan Lee, Small Block chief engineer. “Dynamic Fuel Management enables only the cylinders needed to deliver the power you want, seamlessly delivering the best balance of power and fuel economy.”
Compared to Active Fuel Management, which alternates between eight- and four-cylinder modes, DFM features 17 cylinder patterns. That greater authority mixes cylinder patterns constantly to optimize efficiency and power delivery at all speeds.
During an industry-standard test schedule, the 2019 Silverado 2WD with the 5.3L and DFM operated with fewer than eight active cylinders more than 60 percent of the time, 9 percent more than a comparably equipped 2018 model with AFM.
DFM is powered by a sophisticated controller that continuously monitors every movement of the accelerator pedal and runs a complex sequence of calculations to determine how many cylinders are required to meet the driver's requested torque. It can make this determination 80 times per second.
An electromechanical system deactivates and reactivates all 16 of the engine's hydraulic valve lifters, controlling valve actuation. The system uses solenoids to deliver oil pressure to control ports in the lifters, which activate and deactivate the lifters' latching mechanisms. When a cylinder is deactivated, the two-piece lifters effectively collapse on themselves to prevent them from opening the valves. When the cylinder is reactivated, solenoids send an oil pressure signal to the control ports on the lifters and the latching mechanism restores normal function, allowing the valves to open and close.
“The increased variability of Dynamic Fuel Management means the engine will operate more often with a reduced number of cylinders, which saves fuel across the board,” said Lee. “Better yet, the transitions are transparent, and because the system is torque-based, you've always got that satisfying feeling of power on demand that comes from Chevy's Gen V Small Block V-8 engines.”
The 5.3L V-8 with DFM is SAE-certified at 355 horsepower (265 kW) and 383 lb-ft of torque (519 Nm) and is matched with a Hydra-Matic eight-speed automatic transmission.
The 6.2Lwith DFM — the largest and most powerful gas V-8 in the segment — is SAE-certified at 420 horsepower (313 kW) and 460 lb-ft of torque (623 Nm) and is paired with a Hydra-Matic 10-speed automatic transmission.
Both transmissions feature enhancements designed to improve shift quality, and a new centrifugal pendulum absorber torque converter that reduces vibrations to improve smoothness, particularly during cylinder deactivation events.
The engines also feature driver-selectable stop/start technology that helps save fuel in stop-and-go traffic. The 5.3L version is standard in LTZ and High Country models and available on LT, RST and Trail Boss. The 6.2L is available in LTZ and High Country. Both engines will be built at General Motors' Tonawanda Engine Plant in Buffalo, New York. Active Fuel Management also is employed on the Silverado's standard 4.3L V-6 and E-85-capable 5.3L V-8.
21:02 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 NY Consul Gen meets immigrants flying to Israel Read more Danny Dayan, Israel's Consul General in New York, says the "ingathering of exiles" is the most important task of Zionism. ► ◄ Last Briefs
(Jessica Kourkounis/Pool Photo via AP). Defense witness Douglas Moss arrives to testify in actor and comedian Bill Cosby's his sexual assault retrial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Monday, April 23, 2018.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault retrial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault trial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault retrial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa.
By MICHAEL R. SISAK
Associated Press
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual-assault retrial will begin deliberating Wednesday after a searing day of closing arguments in which the comedian was variously portrayed as a calculating predator who is finally being brought to justice, or the victim of a multimillion-dollar frame-up by a "pathological liar."
The judge sent the seven men and five women back to their hotel Tuesday evening after the jurors indicated they were exhausted from listening to 5½ hours of arguments.
"I want you well rested. I think you have collectively made a wise decision," Judge Steven O'Neill said.
The first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era pits Cosby, the 80-year-old former TV star whose career and good-guy reputation were destroyed by a barrage of allegations involving drugs and sex, against Andrea Constand, a former Temple University women's basketball administrator who testified that he drugged and sexually violated her at his suburban Philadelphia mansion 14 years ago.
Five other women got on the witness stand and testified the same thing had happened to them.
"The time for the defendant to escape justice is over. It's finally time for the defendant to dine on the banquet of his own consequences," prosecutor Stewart Ryan told the jury.
Cosby's lawyers, meanwhile, argued that the charges were based on "flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence."
Cosby faces three counts of aggravated indecent assault, each carrying up to 10 years in prison. The jury at his first trial deliberated for over six days last year without reaching a verdict.
Defense attorneys Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss said in their closing argument that Constand consented to sexual activity, then leveled false accusations against the "Cosby Show" star so she could sue him and extract a big settlement.
Constand received nearly $3.4 million from Cosby over a decade ago in what Mesereau called "one of the biggest highway robberies of all time."
"You're dealing with a pathological liar, members of the jury," said Mesereau, who won an acquittal in Michael Jackson's 2005 child-molestation case. "You are."
Cosby's wife of 54 years looked on from the gallery as his lawyers pleaded with the jury to clear him, the first time she has attended the trial. Camille Cosby, 74, had stayed away as the prosecution built its case that her husband maintained a sordid double life, plying women with drugs and preying on them sexually.
Before the jury came in, she went to the defense table and put her arm around Cosby, who is legally blind. They embraced, smiled and chatted, and he gave her a peck on the cheek. When it was the prosecution's turn to argue, she left the courtroom, and Constand entered.
Constand, 45, alleges Cosby knocked her out with three pills he called "your friends" and molested her in January 2004. Her account was bolstered by the testimony of five other women who took the stand and said Cosby had drugged and assaulted them, too - including one woman who asked him through her tears, "You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?"
The defense ripped into the other accusers Tuesday, saying they were motivated by the prospect of money and fame to fabricate their accounts.
After last year's hung jury, the defense team also mounted a far more aggressive effort to stoke doubts about Constand's credibility and raise questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
Their star witness was Marguerite Jackson, a former Temple colleague of Constand's who testified that Constand spoke of framing a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a lawsuit.
Kristen Feden, another prosecutor, bristled at what she called the defense's "horrible character assassination" of Constand and the other women.
She called Cosby the true con artist - wresting that label from Cosby's lawyers, who had applied it to Constand throughout the two-week trial.
"Yes, you did hear about a con," Feden said, her voice rising as she moved toward Cosby and pointed at him. "The perpetrator of that con is this man, sitting right here."
The prosecutor said Cosby used his nice-guy image as America's Dad to prey on women. "He is nothing like the image that he played on TV," Feden warned the jurors.
The defense highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years.
Cosby's lawyers also painstakingly reviewed phone and travel records for Cosby and Constand, as well as a schedule for the Temple women's basketball team, saying they are proof the alleged assault couldn't have happened when she says it did. Prosecutors have noted that Cosby's travel records have large gaps in time.
In arguing over when Cosby's encounter with Constand took place, Cosby's lawyers sought to suggest that the comedian was charged after the 12-year statute of limitations for prosecuting him had run out.
Bliss argued that Cosby was an innocent man caught up in the "emotion and anger" of the #MeToo movement against sexual misconduct. Cosby was arrested years before #MeToo became a cultural force and took down famous men like Harvey Weinstein, Matt Lauer, Kevin Spacey and Sen. Al Franken.
The criminal case was the only one to arise from allegations from more than 60 women who say Cosby engaged in sexual misconduct with them going back five decades.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
This story has been corrected to show that jury deliberations in the first trial took place over six days, not five.
___
Follow Mike Sisak at https://twitter.com/mikesisak .
___
For more coverage visit https://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A man who exited his car after crashing into a tree on Santiago Canyon Road was struck and killed by another motorist, the California Highway Patrol said on Wednesday, July 4.
The victim, whose name has not been released, was driving a blue Hyundai Sonata northbound south of Hicks Haul Road shortly after midnight when an “unsafe turning movement” led to his losing control of the car, a CHP news release said. Related Articles Woman killed in head-on crash in Irvine identified
Governor's Office seeks more information from death row inmate Kevin Cooper's lawyer in clemency petition
La Mirada parolee accused of selling meth, cocaine
3 accused in scheme to steal $365,000 from Orange County victim
5 hot places around the world that will be cooler than Southern California this weekend
The car veered to the right, hit a tree, then came to rest on its wheels on the west side of Santiago Canyon Road, in the opposing traffic lane.
The man then got out of the car, the CHP said.
Meanwhile, a silver Hyundai Elantra driven by Luis Rocha was traveling southbound on Santiago Canyon Road, south of Hicks Haul Road, the release stated.
“Due to existing roadway conditions, Mr. Rocha was unable to avoid a collision with the Hyundai Sonata,” the CHP said. “The front of Mr. Rocha's Hyundai Elantra collided with the front of Mr. Doe's Hyundai Sonata, striking Mr. Doe and causing traumatic injuries.”
The victim, who was referred to as “John Doe” in the release, was pronounced dead at the scene. His name is being withheld pending notification of family.
Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre, who has been diagnosed with high-grade cancer, is fighting the battle of cancer and we want to tell her that she can beat cancer. Many bravehearts like Yuvraj Singh, Lisa Ray, Lance Armstrong, Irrfan Khan and Manisha Koirala. Sonali is undergoing treatment in New York.
Here's the story of these 5 brave hearts who at one point of time fought or are still fighting cancer
Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre, who has been diagnosed with high-grade cancer, has been receiving wishes of a speedy recovery from all over the world. All her fans and friends in the film fraternity have asked her to fight back the deadly disease and we all are with her in this fight. Apart from Sonali, there are many brave hearts who battled cancer and fought back. While YuvrajSingh, Lisa Ray, Lance Armstrong and Manisha Koirala fought cancer and came back as winners, Bollywood actor Irrfan Khan is still battling it out as he is currently in London undergoing treatment for Neuroendocrine Tumour.
Just how all these brave hearts have given cancer a tough fight, got the treatment and came back healthy, we all wish the same for Sonali Bendre. Here's the story of these 5 brave hearts who at one point of time fought or are still fighting cancer.
Yuvraj Singh
Indian cricketer Yuvraj Singh, who has had a tremendous career in international cricket, was diagnosed with cancer in 2012. The player, who is known for the six sixes in an over in the match against England, fought cancer like a brave heart and was back to pavilion in 2012 with Twenty-Twenty in the same year against New Zealand. Talking about his battle with cancer, he has often said that its all about your choices and how to decide to live. He said that one can either accept their defeat or fight the battle.
Lisa Ray
The Canadian model-turned-actor, who featured in films like Water, Kasoor, Veerappan among many others was diagnosed with cancer of the white blood cells in 2009 after which she fought the battle and even spread awareness and helped cancer survivors. She emerged as a cancer survivor after a successful stem cell transplant in 2010,
Manisha Koirala
The Bollywood actor who won millions of hearts with her breathtaking performances in films like Mann, 1942 A Love Story, Khamoshi, Dil Se, Akele Hum Akele Tum, Bombay, Saudaagar, among many others was diagnosed with breast cancer on January 21 2014 and after a long battle was cancer free by 2015. After fighting cancer, she made her comeback in 2018 film Sanju where she palyed the role of Nargis.
Lance Armstrong
American road racing cyclist, the professional athlete was diagnosed with advanced stage cancer in 1996 at the age of 25. Diagnosed with testicular cancer, the athlete had an orchiectomy to remove the diseased testicle after symptoms of coughing up blood and a swollen testicle. He made his grand comeback in 1998 when he finished fourth in the Vuelta a España and later won the Tour de France.
Irrfan Khan
One of the most celebrated Bollywood actors, Irrfan Khan shocked the world after he shared a statement on Twitter stating that he has been diagnosed with a rare disease. He is currently being treated for Neuroendocrine Tumour in London.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
Kundali Bhagya 30 May 18 Full Episode Written Updates: Prithvi takes dadi to hospital Preeta finds Sherlyn's necklace in Prithvi's car and wants to talk about it with him but is unable to.
In the previous episode, Preeta goes to the Luthra house for dadi's treatment and hears Kareena shouting at Sherlyn for having lost the necklace she gifted to her. Later, Prithvi calls Preeta telling her that he is taking her shopping and coming to pick her up. Since no one is at home and dadi is unwell, Prithvi has to take her to the hospital.
9:30pm- In Prithvi's car, Preeta finds Sherlyn's necklace and remembers Kareena shouting at her. Preeta is shocked to see it and wonders how it reached there.
9:32pm- Sherlyn implies that Kritika must've stolen the necklace and when Kritiks gets infuriated, Sherlyn goes to check in the guest room.
9:34pm- Preeta wonders whether whatever Karan has been saying is right, whether Sherlyn and Prithvi are really upto something. She remembers whatever karan said about them.
9:37pm- Prithvi takes dadi inside the hospital. Preeta is about to ask him about the necklace but the doctor calls them in. Prithvi has to leave and says that he has to leave for the police station due to which Preeta thinks that he is really working hard for their family.
9:40pm- Prithvi decides to call Sherlyn but realises that his phone is with Preeta and runs inside to take it back from her. Dadi does not want Preeta to go out of the room as the doctor is treating her.
9:43pm- Sherlyn collides with a domestic help and starts shouting at him. Kritika sends him off and then taunts Sherlyn as to whether she collided with him intentionally.
9:49pm- Sherlyn calls on Prithvi's phone and Preeta is about to pick it up when Prithvi comes in and snatches it from her hand. Preeta wants to ask about the necklace but Prithvi continues getting calls from Sherlyn. When asked, he says they are from the police station.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Sisterhood is playing at Melbourne Queer Film Festival
Prescreening link provided by festival publicists
Words by Callum Needham
Having lived in Taiwan for fifteen years, after moving to marry a hostel owner, Macau-raised orphan Sei (played by Fish Liew and Gigi Leung Wing-kei) is still troubled by her abrupt separation with best friend Ling (Jennifer Yu), around the turn of the millennium. When Sei hears of Ling's death, she finally decides to travel back to her hometown and reconnect with old friends, trying to better understand their intimate past together in the late 90s.
If you're not used to reading subtitles then you might miss a sentence here or there at the beginning of the film, but it doesn't take long to adjust to the pace. The subtle nuances in the script might be lost in the subtitles when translated to English, as some of the dialogue seems very wooden and cliché.
However, the heart of the film doesn't come from the writing but from the two main protagonists Sei and Ling. You are shown the story of how they meet and their unlikely friendship that grows, with subtle hint of something more, despite the hardships that fall upon them. Both Fish Liew and Jennifer Yu's performances were very strong, with Fish taking out the Osaka Asian Film Festivals most promising talent award.
‘You are shown the story of how they meet and their unlikely friendship that grows, with subtle hint of something more'
Sisterhood is a very female-oriented story, focusing on the lives of four teenage girls working in the massage industry and the sexual subjection that comes with it. Most of the main cast are women and 90 precent of the males within the film are there to add a sleazy undertone. This female led story makes sense as the film was directed, edited and written by women.
The overall narrative was very well put together. You can tell that the filmmakers put a lot of time into structuring the intertwining periods of time within the film. Set in both the present day and the late 90s they used this shifting timeline to feed you relevant information exactly when you need it, doing this keeps you, for the most part, engaged in the story.
‘Set in both the present day and the late 90s they used this shifting timeline to feed you relevant information exactly when you need it'
There are some parts of the film that do seem to drag on a bit with unnecessary actions. In saying that, sections of the film do benefit from allowing the characters to develop and evolve naturally – in particular Sei and Ling and their relationship – as well as giving the story time to impact the viewer.
This is a well-constructed film with powerful performances from the younger cast, about the everyday struggles of a common life for young women working in a corrupt industry.
Turkey's three-time Olympic gold medal-winning weightlifter Naim Süleymanoğlu has been exhumed in Istanbul as part of a paternity lawsuit filed by Japanese citizen Sekai Mori, who claims to be his daughter.
As reported by Daily Sabah, Mori alleges that Süleymanoğlu, who died in November 2017, met with her mother Kyoko Mori, a Japanese journalist, at the Seoul 1988 Olympic Games.
She requested a paternity test through her lawyer and the court decided to exhume the remains of Süleymanoğlu from the Turkish city's Edirnekapı Cemetery in order to obtain tissue samples for DNA tests.
Süleymanoğlu's daughters from his Turkish wife, Esin and Sezin, had opposed exhuming his body.
"We don't want the exhumation," a statement issued through their lawyer reads.
"The dear departed will turn in his grave.
"If there was something like that, he would have had the DNA tests done himself when he was in good health.
"His daughters are very sad, they are devastated."
But Mori's attorney Hülya Aksakal was reported as saying by the Hürriyet Daily News that "exhumation is a routine in paternity cases if the father is dead".
Aksakal added that Süleymanoğlu's DNA samples in the hospital were "insufficient for a paternity test".
Naim Süleymanoğlu won the last of his three Olympic gold medals at Atlanta 1996 ©Getty Images
Süleymanoğlu died at the age of 50 after he had been placed into intensive care at the Memorial Atasehir Hospital in Istanbul.
The Turk underwent a successful liver transplant in October 2017, a month prior to his death.
He had previously been placed into intensive care on September 25 due to liver failure.
Nicknamed "Pocket Hercules" due to his short stature, Süleymanoğlu became a global star after setting six world records.
The first of his three Olympic gold medals came at Seoul 1988, where he outlifted the winner of the weight class above him.
Süleymanoğlu managed a world record-breaking total of 342.5 kilograms in the men's 60kg category, while East Germany's Joachim Kunz posted 340kg to claim the men's 67.5kg title.
Olympic gold medals were also won by Süleymanoğlu in the 60kg division at Barcelona 1992 and 64kg category at Atlanta 1996.
The seven-time world champion was named the best weightlifter of the 20th century and received an Olympic Order in 2001.
Süleymanoğlu was also a member of the International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) Hall of Fame.
The IWF is holding an Executive Board meeting and Congress here this week in Uzbekistan's capital.
HOLLYWOOD (CBSLA) — Actor, writer and director Terry Gilliam is known for being a funnyman and Monty Python alum.
Some anti #MeToo comments he recently made have no one in Hollywood laughing.
In an interview with Agence France Press the 77-year-old said the #MeToo movement has created “a world of victims.”
While calling embattled producer Harvey Weinstein “a monster” he said he was only exposed because he is “such an a-hole.”
I read it. Terry Gilliam's comments about Harvey Weinstein are idiotic and dangerous. He wasn't in those rooms. He doesn't know how aggressive and violent and terrifying he was. Who is he to say it was some sort of offered deal? He should be ashamed of himself. https://t.co/pLj3V46gwu — Judd Apatow (@JuddApatow) March 17, 2018
Dismissing the sexual assault and harassment claims made by more than 20 women, Gilliam really stepped in it when he said, “Harvey opened the door for a few people. A night with Harvey, that's the price you pay.”
Some women did well by accepting his sexual advances, he added. “We're talking about adults with a lot of ambition.”
He also compared #MeToo to mob rule and said the movement has gotten “silly.”
Twitter literally went berserk.
Terry Gilliam may wanna turn those feelings of fear & uncertainty he's getting from #metoo/#timesup and realize “Ohh this is how life has been for THEM til now… huh. Wow. Damn.” See? Now it's empathy. — Sarah Silverman (@SarahKSilverman) March 17, 2018
The Minnesota-born Gilliam also politicized what he called a great irony. Despite the #MeToo movement being a huge success in a variety of ways, “a self-confessed p—y grabber is the president of the US and is just walking around.” He renounced his American citizenship in 2006.
.@Variety This interview turns my stomach. terry gilliam is the last man to admonish a movement that is trying to protect women from abusive men. #MeToo https://t.co/jPnFhfB5GQ — Ellen Barkin (@EllenBarkin) March 17, 2018
Barkin got another shot in.
Terry Gilliam, you talk too much. #MeToo — Ellen Barkin (@EllenBarkin) March 17, 2018
And she still wasn't done. Later she tweeted a warning to all women. “My hard won advice: never get into an elevator alone with [Terry Gilliam.]
Terry Gilliam is an ignorant privileged successful white man. Cry me a river. https://t.co/8EO5Ru0W6e — Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) March 16, 2018
Comedienne Elayne Boosler was grossly offended by the idea that the price of fame was worth a night with Harvey Weinstein. We can't print her reply, but she suggested that just because Terry Gilliam engaged in a sex act with Weinstein, doesn't mean women should.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A trial begins this week for three members of a militia group accused of conspiring to bomb a mosque and apartment complex housing Somalis in the Kansas town of Garden City.
Patrick Stein, Gavin Wright and Curtis Allen are charged with conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction and conspiracy against civil rights. Stein also faces a weapons-related charge and Wright has an additional charge of lying to the FBI.
The three men, who were indicted in October 2016, have pleaded not guilty.
Their federal trial in Wichita is expected to last six weeks, with jury selection beginning Tuesday before U.S. District Judge Eric Melgren.
The government said in court filings that a militia member tipped off federal authorities after becoming alarmed by the heightening talk of violence, and later agreed to wear a wire as a paid informant. The government's case features months of investigation captured on profanity-laced recordings that referred to the Somalis as "cockroaches."
Earlier in the case, a judge denied a defense motion to expand the prospective jury pool to encompass more rural western Kansas counties where the defense believed residents would be more conservative.
Defense attorneys argued the case is "uniquely political" because much of the anticipated evidence is in reaction to the 2016 presidential election. They contended the case will require jurors to weigh evidence regarding whether the alleged conduct constitutes the crimes charged, or whether it is constitutionally protected speech and assembly and implicates the right to bear arms.
Youngsters at a Sunderland school are gearing up to start a new sport.
The youngsters at Hetton School are ready to start playing Futsal after receiving a free starter pack – news that has delighted Michael Skubala, England Futsal head coach.
The pack contains Futsal specific equipment including goals, balls and bibs, as well as FA accredited coaching and refereeing courses, which will help to expose the students to Futsal, creating competitions and more opportunities to play against other schools.
The starter packs are designed to adapt existing sports halls, playgrounds and other hard surface facilities to make them Futsal-ready.
The packs came courtesy of a £300,000 Futsal scheme, which is funded by The FA and delivered by the Football Foundation.
Futsal is a five-a-side game, normally played on a flat indoor pitch with hockey-sized goals and a size four ball with a reduced bounce. The exciting, fast-paced game is played across the world and is officially recognised by both UEFA and FIFA.
Regarded as an important and growing game, it is hoped that the provision of equipment and courses will lead to the development of more Futsal players, leagues, competitions and facilities across the country.
Caroline Ames, Girls' Football Academy head coach at Hetton School, said: “The Futsal starter pack is a fantastic opportunity to allow all of the students to take part, including the Girls' Football Academy players, giving them more opportunities to develop.”
The nature of the game places a large emphasis on technical skill and ability in situations of high pressure, and is subsequently an excellent breeding ground for football competencies that can be translated into the 11-a-side format of the game.
As well as delivering the Futsal scheme, the Football Foundation delivers several other schemes and since 2000 has supported more than 15,000 grassroots projects worth more than £1.4billion.
Michael Skubala, England Futsal Head Coach, said: “A big well done to Hetton School for securing a Futsal starter pack – they have a bright future ahead of them now.
“We want to get more people playing the sport for the love of it and who knows, perhaps we'll see some future international players unearthed as a result.”
He said Futsal is growing all the time and The FA is dedicated to increasing its importance and popularity.
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A man believed to be an occupant in a home where a crane collapsed on homes in Lauderhill, Fla., is transported to the hospital by Broward County Fire Rescue Wednesday, May 30, 2018. A crane boom crashe...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
By DAVID FISCHER
Associated Press
A crane toppled on two houses in a Florida neighborhood, smashing through the roof of one of the homes and injuring at least two people Wednesday, authorities said.
The crane was being used to put up Florida Power & Light electric poles when it fell on the houses, Lauderhill Fire Rescue Assistant Fire Chief Jeff Levy said at a news conference at the scene.
"There's significant roof and structural damage to the one house and some roof damage to the second house," Levy said.
Power also was knocked out in the surrounding area.
No fatalities or serious injuries were reported. The crane's operator was treated for minor injuries at the scene, Levy said, while a man who had been inside the home with the collapsed roof was taken to a nearby hospital. The resident had been alert and walking around before his trip to the hospital.
"He's lucky to be alive," Levy said.
A Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue dog searched area homes for other victims, but none were found, Levy added.
It wasn't immediately clear what caused the collapse, Levy said. It remained under investigation.
FPL spokesman Richard Beltran confirmed the crane was being operated by a contractor when it tipped over, but he couldn't provide additional information.
Lauderhill is located northwest of Fort Lauderdale in South Florida. The Lauderhill Fire Rescue Department tweeted photos showing its emergency crews on the scene amid views of the crane toppled atop a house and a fence.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Covering breaking news is challenging, requiring reporters to separate fact from fiction under intense deadline pressure. The speed at which misinformation, unsubstantiated theories and hoaxes can spread online (sometimes from malicious intent) complicates this task. In the hours after the driver of a van killed 10 pedestrians and injured many others in Toronto on Monday, a range of false premises and erroneous reports gained traction.
Some people were confused by the name of the alleged perpetrator, Alek Minassian, a 25-year-old from Richmond Hill, Ont. In attempting to glean any info about the suspect, some reporters found the Facebook profile of Alex Minassian—who, coincidentally, is another young man from Richmond Hill. The latter Minassian and those close to him were apparently hounded by news media, prompting him to clarify on Facebook, “Not me. No connection. NBC, ABC, CBC, stop harassing my friends and family.”
Some outlets are still getting the name wrong, one day later.
A judge in Toronto has ordered 25-year-old Alex Minassian who is suspected of driving a rental van into pedestrians to be held on 10 counts of first degree murder and 13 charges of attempted murder — Sky News Breaking (@SkyNewsBreak) April 24, 2018
It was also reported Monday that Minassian was known to police. “Law enforcement sources are indicating that the individual in custody is known to the police up there in Canada,” a former New York police commissioner told MSNBC. The claim, at that point unverified, circulated on Twitter. Michelle Malkin, an American conservative political commentator, used the claim to criticize Toronto Mayor John Tory's response to the incident:
9 dead, 16 injured in Toronto after deliberate attack by van driver suspect Alek Minassian, who was previously known to law enforcement. Toronto mayor's response? Oh, hey, this tragedy is tragic, but let's pat ourselves on the backs for our iINCLUSIVENESS & UNDERSTANDING. https://t.co/rFj6oOKNU5 — Michelle Malkin (@michellemalkin) April 23, 2018
But Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said Minassian was not known to police. “There's nothing on our files,” he said Monday night. “There's nothing that we have on him right now.” Federal Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale also gave no indication yesterday that Minassian was on the radar of authorities.
Many dubious and unverified claims have come from those eager to ascribe an ethnicity, religion and motive to Minassian. Faith Goldy, who was fired by The Rebel after appearing on a podcast affiliated with a neo-Nazi website last year, rushed to livestream from the scene yesterday. “I'm at Yonge and Finch, which has become a scene to what folks are now calling a terrorist attack on the streets of Toronto,” she said.
TERROR IN TORONTO (on the scene) https://t.co/YZkDCPrus8 — Faith J Goldy (@FaithGoldy) April 23, 2018
No law enforcement official or political leader has labeled the attack as terrorism. “The events that happened on the street behind us are horrendous but they do not appear to be connected in any way to national security, based on the information available at this time,” Goodale said Monday. Canada's national threat level was unchanged, too. Minassian's reasons for the attack are still unknown. He was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder—and no terrorism-related offences.
Still, the lack of information about what motivated Minassian didn't stop Rebel commentator and U.K. resident Katie Hopkins from leaping to conclusions and blaming Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for the attack.
Ten dead Trudeau. Ten. No one needs your thoughts. Do not say you carry on as normal. That you ‘stand united'. Those dead men, women and children do not. Their families do not. You brought this. You are complicit in it. Politicians like you are terrorist shills. #TorontoAttack pic.twitter.com/Eil8hFWZ5a — Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) April 24, 2018
Likewise, a few prominent conspiracy-mongers are saying Minassian is a radical Muslim waging jihad.
A jihadist has just killed 9 people and the Mayor is already out virtue signalling. https://t.co/sw2lJv9aEz — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) April 23, 2018
Again, officials have not said anything publicly about Minassian's ethnicity, religion or motive. But the idea may have gained traction in part due to an early witness account. CBC reporter Natasha Fatah tweeted that a witness described the suspect as “wide-eyed, angry and Middle Eastern,” which earned more than 1,500 retweets. Fatah also tweeted that a different witness said the driver was white; that one got only 118 retweets.
Infowars, the preeminent source of bizarre conspiracy-minded fever dreams, posted an article with the headline, “Identity released of Islamic man who used truck to kill 10 in Toronto.” Infowars host Alex Jones ranted for nearly 30 minutes that mainstream media is somehow covering up the truth about Minassian.
MSM Runs Coverup For Islamic Truck Attack In Toronto Canada https://t.co/evZRS1EqU6 — Alex Jones (@RealAlexJones) April 24, 2018
The video is full of false statements and loopy tangents, including Jones's description of Minassian from Monday. “He's got a little white Islamic hat on. It looks like he's wearing the customary nightgown the men wear,” he said. The least objectionable statement was his contention that Toronto is a “glistening and high-tech” city. He goes on, “It's the most space-age city I've ever been in.”
MORE ABOUT TORONTO VAN ATTACK:
The Nashville Predators are at a point they've never been before in franchise history, and now they have a chance to keep their first-round series from going back to Chicago.
They can thank a 20-year-old playing the fourth postseason game of his career for putting them in that position.
Kevin Fiala scored on a backhander 16:44 into overtime , and the Predators rallied from a 2-0 deficit in the third period to push the Blackhawks to the brink of elimination with a 3-2 victory early Tuesday morning in Game 3 of the first-round series.
"That's good for him, a young kid in a big situation like that," Nashville coach Peter Laviolette said of Fiala scoring his second career playoff goal. "I thought he handled it well."
The Predators have never won the first three games of any playoff series, and they got here by outscoring the Western Conference's No. 1 seed 9-2. Even with the Blackhawks finally ending their scoring drought in this series, it wasn't enough as Filip Forsberg scored twice in the third period to force overtime.
"Obviously, we want to close it out at home, but we've got to focus just the same way we focused on this one and prepare the same," Nashville goaltender Pekka Rinne said.
Rinne made 34 saves, even with his franchise playoff scoreless streak ending early in the second period at 141 minutes, 5 seconds.
Game 4 is Thursday night in Nashville.
Dennis Rasmussen and Patrick Kane each scored the first goals this series for Chicago.
But the Blackhawks, winners of three Stanley Cup titles in the past seven years, now trail 0-3 for the first time since the 2011 quarterfinals as a No. 8 seed. They lost that series in seven games to Vancouver.
"That was a long time ago," Chicago coach Joel Quenneville said.
Asked if this group can bounce back, Quenneville had a short answer: "We're going to have to."
Chicago captain Jonathan Toews called it a very disappointing loss. His personal goal drought is now 12 straight postseason games, though he did have an assist.
"We got to find a way to put pressure on them, got to make them realize that winning a fourth game is the toughest for any team in any series," Toews said.
Fiala finally converted on his third chance in overtime. Crawford got a glove on a puck nearly midway through the extra period off Fiala's shot from the high slot. Crawford also got his left toe on a shot from Fiala in the slot with 6:00 left.
Then James Neal found Fiala with a pass, and he beat Crawford to send fans home shortly after midnight local time.
"It was a great save by Crawford," Fiala said of the toe save by the Chicago goalie. "I was pretty angry, I could have finished it there, but never mind, we won."
The Predators brought out the star power with country singer Carrie Underwood, married to Nashville captain Mike Fisher, to sing the national anthem. Five catfish also were tossed onto the ice before the puck dropped and combined with a late start for a very loud standing-room only crowd of 17,204.
Nashville outshot Chicago 49-36.
Rinne's shutout streak ended when Rasmussen scored the first postseason goal of his career 65 seconds into the second period. He beat Rinne glove-side off an assist from Marcus Kruger. The goal also snapped a scoreless skid for Chicago that spanned 177:45 back to their first-round loss to St. Louis last postseason.
Then the Blackhawks quickly made it a 2-0 lead with a power-play goal by Kane. He scored the 50th postseason goal of his career with a wrister from the right circle at 11:15 of the second, taking advantage of Marcus Kruger standing in front of Rinne.
Forsberg started the rally. He scored on a wrister hitting the puck in the air past Crawford, who was caught having turned around in the crease, at 4:24. Blackhawks forward Richard Panik argued the puck went off the netting, but the play was called a good goal after a review.
"It went off the shoulder and then off the glass and then straight in, so I didn't really see why they were talking," Forsberg said.
Then Forsberg tied it up at 14:08 with a wrister off Ryan Ellis' shot from the point. Officials also reviewed for Arvidsson interfering with Crawford outside the crease before ruling another good goal.
"I don't know," Crawford said when asked about interference. "Game's over."
NOTES: This is Nashville's third straight overtime win at home in the playoffs. The Predators won Games 4 and 6 versus San Jose in the second round last year. ... Kane became the fourth Chicago player with 50 career goals, joining Bobby Hull, Denis Savard and Stan Mikita. This was Kane's 126th playoff game.
———
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
LAS VEGAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI), a global provider of enterprise software products and services, and the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products, today announced the first offerings in a family of solutions designed to provide improved competitive advantage to organizations with mature and valuable enterprise software investments that can be used as a foundation for innovation. Rimini Street's new solutions can enable an organization to quickly and cost-effectively modernize their current enterprise software with the latest desired features and capabilities, future-proof their technical platforms against yet-unknown technology changes, and secure their systems against a constantly evolving threat environment. Rimini Street's new solutions enable organizations to leverage their existing systems as a solid foundation for an innovative hybrid IT strategy.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006173/en/
Rimini Street Launches New Solutions that Extend the Life and Value of Enterprise Software (Photo: Business Wire)
“Innovation by Extension” Maximizes ROI and Accelerates Competitive Advantage
Organizations have invested significant money, labor and time in their current mission-critical enterprise software systems and want to maximize the ROI and extend the life of these investments while focusing new investments on innovations that can rapidly drive growth and competitive advantage. Rimini Street's extensibility solutions are designed to help companies achieve these objectives by delivering cost effective, easy to deploy functional and technical capabilities to current, mature enterprise software systems, allowing CIOs to access and leverage innovation quickly without having to undertake costly, disruptive upgrades, cost-prohibitive replacements or wait potentially years for the vendor to deliver functionality that is needed now.
Rimini Street's new family of extensibility solutions can also lay the foundation for an organizations' hybrid IT strategy that combines existing, mature on-premise systems of record with systems of engagement that may include innovative cloud-based technologies. Innovation can be funded by savings that result from switching to Rimini Street's award-winning support program.
Rimini Street's first in a new family of extensibility solutions include the following:
Rimini Street Mobility – Allows users to quickly create and distribute a mobile application in days, delivering the fastest time to value and no business disruption. All existing processes, customizations and logic are fully usable, so no software release migrations or upgrades are required. Rimini Street Analytics – Enables users to make better, faster decisions across the enterprise with a cost-effective, quick-to-deploy and easy to implement self-service business intelligence platform. Users can connect and analyze data from multiple sources to create their own custom reports and dashboards on the fly. Rimini Street Advanced Database Security – A next-generation security solution that identifies and intercepts attempted exploits of database vulnerabilities before they reach their target, without requiring any changes to the database code. Rimini Street Advanced Database Security was launched in 2017.
“Customers in today's IT landscape want to achieve more value out of their current enterprise software platform and seek options that help them modernize their platforms without the hassles of expensive and endless upgrades. Leaders also seek agility and a competitive advantage in achieving corporate goals. This new standard of software support helps them to achieve these goals, and allows customers to fully maximize their enterprise software investments with the very best ROI,” said R ‘Ray' Wang, Principal Analyst and CEO of Constellation Research.
Mobility Solution Provides Business Agility and Quick Wins
Most organizations have business demand for mobilizing functions across the enterprise to support their digital transformation efforts, but are held back by the cost, time and effort required to develop and launch new mobile applications. In addition, many mobile solutions involve customized code which is not supported by the software vendor.
Rimini Street Mobility addresses these challenges by providing a best-of-breed mobility framework that is designed to allow end-users to quickly and easily create their own mobile capabilities. Rimini Street Mobility can lower the cost of mobilizing enterprise applications, and can reduce the time to develop and deliver new applications from potentially months to just days, delivering quick wins to the organization.
Cost Effective, Actionable Data Intelligence
Organizations are increasingly turning to analytics software to support the needs of their departmental end-users to have actionable data intelligence at their fingertips in real time. Their users require ease of use, compatibility with all their devices and the ability to simplify the data for reporting purposes. However, current options available from the enterprise software vendors can be expensive to license and time-consuming to implement, and often limited to a single data source. Rimini Street Analytics provides organizations and their end-users the ability to cost-effectively procure and rapidly install and access a business intelligence solution that lets them pull data from multiple data sources including enterprise applications, databases or cloud solutions.
Rimini Street Advanced Database Security
Also part of the extensibility solutions portfolio is Rimini Street Advanced Database Security. Launched in 2017 and available for Oracle, SAP, IBM and Microsoft databases under support contracts with Rimini Street, the product is a next-generation database security solution that protects databases from known and unknown vulnerabilities, faster and less expensive than traditional vendor security patches, through the use of modern virtual patching. The solution blocks attempted attacks before they reach the database without the need for regression testing or impacting production systems.
Rimini Street plans to continue to advance the scope and breadth of its extensibility solutions over time. In addition, the Company offers a deep portfolio of technical services which enable clients to further future-proof existing systems by addressing interoperability issues and avoid unnecessary upgrades of hardware, operating systems, databases, middleware and browsers.
“Rimini Street has been our trusted enterprise software support provider for more than eight years, and during this time we have not only received high quality, ultra-responsive support for our core platform, but have also saved significant budget in our total maintenance costs each and every year. But Rimini Street isn't content to just resolve break/fix issues,” said Eric Robinson, CIO of Color Spot. “They added a new dimension by offering solutions which can quickly extend our ERP with needed mobility and analytics capabilities all without a costly upgrade. We look forward to exploring these new capabilities as we continue to modernize our operations and gain competitive edge.”
“Clients are looking for simple, affordable and streamlined solutions that work securely across their enterprise application portfolio, without having to upgrade or replace their current enterprise software investment just to reap the benefits of new, modern application capabilities and technologies,” said Seth A. Ravin, Rimini Street CEO. “Our solutions ensure that an organization' existing applications are modernized, its technology is protected against future changes, and its systems protected with innovative security solutions. Existing enterprise software investments can serve for many years as the foundation for a hybrid IT strategy that delivers competitive advantage through ‘Innovation by Extension' – all supported by Rimini Street's award-winning support program.”
Pricing and Availability
Rimini Street offers attractive packaged pricing and annual subscription-pricing for all of the extensibility solutions. Rimini Street Mobility, Rimini Street Analytics and Rimini Street Advanced Database Security are immediately available.
About Rimini Street, Inc.
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, and the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products. The company has redefined enterprise software support services since 2005 with an innovative, award-winning program that enables licensees of IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, SAP and other enterprise software vendors to save up to 90 percent on total support costs. Clients can remain on their current software release without any required upgrades for a minimum of 15 years. Over 1,560 global Fortune 500, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries currently rely on Rimini Street as their trusted, third-party support provider. To learn more, please visit https://www.riministreet.com, follow @riministreet on Twitter and find Rimini Street on Facebook and LinkedIn. (C-RMNI)
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements included in this communication are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as “may,” “should,” “would,” “plan,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” “seem,” “seek,” “continue,” “future,” “will,” “expect,” “outlook” or other similar words, phrases or expressions. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our first quarter and annual 2018 revenue guidance, industry, future events, future opportunities and growth initiatives, estimates of Rimini Street's total addressable market, and projections of customer savings. These statements are based on various assumptions and on the current expectations of management and are not predictions of actual performance, nor are these statements of historical facts. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties regarding Rimini Street's business, and actual results may differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, changes in the business environment in which Rimini Street operates, including inflation and interest rates, and general financial, economic, regulatory and political conditions affecting the industry in which Rimini Street operates; adverse litigation developments or government inquiry; the final amount and timing of any refunds from Oracle related to our litigation; our ability to refinance existing debt on favorable terms; changes in taxes, laws and regulations; competitive product and pricing activity; difficulties of managing growth profitably; the loss of one or more members of Rimini Street's management team; uncertainty as to the long-term value of RMNI common stock; and those discussed in Rimini Street's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2018 under the heading “Risk Factors,” as updated from time to time by Rimini Street's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings by Rimini Street with the Securities and Exchange Commission. There may be additional risks that Rimini Street presently knows or that Rimini Street currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements provide Rimini Street's expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this communication. Rimini Street anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause Rimini Street's assessments to change. However, while Rimini Street may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Rimini Street specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Rimini Street's assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this communication.
© 2018 Rimini Street, Inc. All rights reserved. “Rimini Street” is a registered trademark of Rimini Street, Inc. in the United States and other countries, and Rimini Street, the Rimini Street logo, and combinations thereof, and other marks marked by TM are trademarks of Rimini Street, Inc. All other trademarks remain the property of their respective owners, and unless otherwise specified, Rimini Street claims no affiliation, endorsement, or association with any such trademark holder or other companies referenced herein.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006173/en/
CONTACT: Rimini Street, Inc.
Michelle McGlocklin, +1 925-523-8414
mmcglocklin@riministreet.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CANADA NEVADA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT INTERNET NETWORKS SOFTWARE SECURITY MOBILE/WIRELESS
SOURCE: Rimini Street, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 12:00 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 12:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006173/en
Transcript for Trump and Macron's 'bromance' continues with kisses, praise
Yeah. The only drive. Great job. It's going to be great president.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Philippine officials say the government is considering adding airports to serve the capital Manila and nearby areas, including a sprawling airport city complex that could handle 100 million passengers a year.
Manila's congested international airport once was dubbed the world's worst airport in surveys by travel website The Guide to Sleeping in Airports.
Improvements have allowed it to escape that listing since 2015, but it remains overly congested.
Transport Undersecretary Roberto Lim said a multi-airport system could include the present airport in Manila, an expanded Clark airport northwest of the capital that could handle 8 million passengers per year, another 2,500-hectare (6,177.5 acre) airport in Bulacan, also north of Manila, and possibly yet another airport and seaport in the former U.S. naval station in Cavite province adjacent to Manila.
California lawmakers moved Wednesday to create a state-backed bank to handle the billions of dollars flowing from the newly legal recreational marijuana market.
The world's largest legal recreational marijuana economy, created under a law that took effect this year, is projected to grow to $7 billion.
The bill approved by a bipartisan 29-6 state Senate vote is designed to help pot entrepreneurs who usually deal in cash because most banks won't accept money from a product that remains illegal under federal law.
SB930 now goes to the Assembly for consideration.
The bill would permit charter banks and credit unions regulated by the state Department of Business Oversight to provide limited banking services to pot-related businesses.
They could use the banks to pay rent, state and local taxes and fees, vendors within California for goods and services related to the cannabis business and to buy state and local bonds and other investments.
"We're not using the federal system, we're not using the federal wire," Democratic Sen. Bob Hertzberg of Van Nuys said of his proposal. "This is a short-term creative approach to deal with this extraordinary problem."
He said the banks would suffice until what proponents hope will be an eventual change in federal law.
Hertzberg said the current system is dangerous because it requires pot dealers to conduct their business using cash, sometimes tens of thousands of dollars. He said he's heard of some businesses burying or hiding tens of millions of dollars for lack of an alternative.
State budget officials project California will collect $600 million in cannabis taxes in the upcoming year, but that often requires the businesses to haul duffel bags full of cash to tax agencies.
The cash economy also makes audits and other standard oversight measures difficult.
By Scott Malone and Jeff Mason
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump denounced neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan as criminals and thugs on Monday, bowing to mounting political pressure to condemn such groups explicitly after a white-nationalist rally turned deadly in Virginia.
Trump had been assailed from across the political spectrum for failing to respond more forcefully to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville. The head of one of the world's biggest drug companies quit a presidential business panel as a result, saying he was taking a stand against intolerance and extremism, and the chief executive of a prominent sportswear company followed suit hours later.
Critics denounced Trump for waiting too long to address the bloodshed, and for initially faulting hatred and violence "on many sides," rather than singling out the white supremacists widely seen as instigating the melee.
Democrats said Trump's reaction belied a reluctance to alienate white nationalists and "alt-right" political activists who occupy a loyal segment of Trump's political base. Several senators from his own Republican Party had harsh words for him.
Some 48 hours into the biggest domestic challenge of his young presidency, Trump tried to correct course.
"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said in a statement to reporters at the White House on Monday.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence," he said.
A 20-year-old man said to have harbored Nazi sympathies was arrested on charges of plowing his car into protesters opposing the white nationalists, killing 32-year-old paralegal Heather Heyer and injuring 19 people. The accused, James Fields, was denied bail at a court hearing on Monday.
Several others were arrested in connection with street brawls during the day that left another 15 people injured. And two airborne state troopers involved in crowd control were killed when their helicopter crashed.
Saturday's disturbances erupted after white nationalists converged in Charlottesville, home of the University of Virginia's flagship campus, to protest plans for removing a statue of General Robert E. Lee, commander of the pro-slavery Confederate army of the U.S. Civil War.
Trump's belated denunciation of white supremacists by name was welcomed by Heyer's mother, Susan Bro, who thanked the president for what she called "those words of comfort and for denouncing those who promote violence and hatred."
But not everyone was mollified.
"I wish that he would have said those same words on Saturday," responded Democratic Senator Mark Warner of Virginia on MSNBC. "I'm disappointed it took him a couple of days."
A group of community leaders meeting in Charlottesville likewise said they were unimpressed by Trump's latest message.
“Why did it take criticism from his Republican buddies to move him ... to adjust the moral compass that he does not possess?” said Don Gathers, who serves as chairman for the city's commission on monuments and memorials.
Trump lashed out at his critics late on Monday on Twitter: "Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!"
REBUKES FROM BUSINESS
Trump's revised statement on Charlottesville, following a day of silence despite a rising chorus of outrage over the violence, came after the chief executive of Merck & Co Inc delivered one of the more noteworthy rebukes of the president.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, who is black, resigned from Trump's American Manufacturing Council, saying expressions of hatred and bigotry must be rejected.
Trump quickly hit back on Twitter, but made no reference to Frazier's reasons for quitting the panel, instead revisiting a longstanding gripe about expensive medicines. Frazier would have more time to focus on lowering "ripoff" drug prices, Trump tweeted.
Frazier's resignation was followed hours later by another member of the business panel quitting in protest, Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank. The AFL-CIO organized labor federation that represents 12.5 million workers said it, too, was considering pulling its representative from the committee.
Senior plastic surgeon at Soroka Hospital takes own life after being barred from training interns.
A plastic surgeon in Be'er Sheva's Soroka Hospital took his life on Monday night while working in the operating room.
The surgeon, 59-year-old Dr. Alex Berezovsky, served as the hospital's Director of the Department of Plastic Surgery.
In a letter he left prior to committing suicide, Berezovsky blamed the Israel Medical Association for unfairly harming his status by forbidding him to continue training interns in the department and setting harsher conditions for the continuation of the training.
The Israel Medical Association responded, "We express our deep shock and sorrow at the tragic death of Soroka's Director of the Department of Plastic Surgery, and we share the family's pain."
According to Soroka's website, Berezovsky studied medicine in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, working as a general surgeon in a local hospital before his immigration to Israel in 1991. He began working in Soroka in 1992 and was appointed Director of the Department of Plastic Surgery in 2012.
Berezovsky is survived by his wife and two children.
After the success of his film Jumanji, Dwayne Johnson is back to playing an FBI agent after Fast and Furious 8 released in 2017 with Skyscraper. The first look of the movie was shared today before the big trailer release during Super Bowl 2018. The poster sees Johnson jumping from a crane into a burning building to save his family and his integrity. The movie release on July 13, 2018.
Super Bowl 2018 is going to see Justin Timberlake perform during the big half-time show and among the trailers that might release during that time, Dwayne Johnson next will be one of them. A day before the big reveal during the Super Bowl on Sunday, Universal Pictures has released the first look for the up and coming action thriller Skyscraper. The movie depends on a unique thought by essayist/director Rawson Marshall Thurber (We're the Millers) and stars Dwayne Johnson as a previous FBI Hostage Rescue Team pioneer who now evaluates security for high rises.
The story, in short, is that while surveying the tallest working building in China, the thing goes up on fire and he's being surrounded for the wrongdoing. In a race against time, Johnson must spare his family and demonstrate his innocence. In the first look, we see Johnson hopping from a crane onto the consuming building, flying through the air like some sort of arachnid monkey. Johnson might not have played a genuine comic book character yet if we don't count his role in Jumanji (2017), however, the man is unquestionably some sort of superhuman.
The film also stars Neve Campbell, Pablo Schreiber, Byron Mann, Hannah Quinlivan, Noah Taylor, Roland Møller, and Chin Han. Skyscraper opens in theatres on July 13, 2018.
We're all willing to sacrifice it all when it comes to protecting our families.
Here's the first look at our original concept film, #SKYSCRAPER.
THIS SUNDAY during the #SuperBowl you'll see how far one man will go to protect his wife and children. #SKYSCRAPER SUMMER 2018 pic.twitter.com/IvFGptLb67 — Dwayne Johnson (@TheRock) February 2, 2018
Here's the official synopsis for Skyscraper:
Global icon Dwayne Johnson leads the cast of Legendary's Skyscraper as former FBI Hostage Rescue Team leader and U.S. war veteran Will Ford, who now assesses security for skyscrapers. On assignment in China, he finds the tallest, safest building in the world suddenly ablaze, and he's been framed for it. A wanted man on the run, Will must find those responsible, clear his name and somehow rescue his family who is trapped inside the building…above the fire line.
Transcript for 'Our hearts shattered': Sheriff pleads for help after deputy's death
There's not much I can site today other than our our hearts shattered with the assistance Lamar vest deputies. Vis a supervisor. He's worked his layup to sergeant on patrol. And he's one of the guys it puts it on the line every day to keep our communities safe and he was doing that again today we just all of a suspicious vehicle. And then you see what can transpire from something that. We think it's just a suspicious vehicle and people question a sometimes it while worse so old age. And while there's more than one dead deer while there are multiple cars this is a prime example of why we have to take care of each other take care of our citizens. We just as for your help. Negating the photo and information out. So that we can hold this person responsible and fully accountable. And it is my prayer. It is my prayer to god. That are court will be a chair to if you don't look. Thelma punishment he receives.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Music service Pandora has named Roger Lynch, the head of Dish's streaming video service, as its CEO as it wrestles with competition from Spotify and other newer music apps.
He'll take over Sept. 18.
Pandora said Monday that Lynch is the right leader because he has worked with media companies on new distribution models. He is the founding CEO of Dish's Sling TV, one of the first apps to bundle live TV for the internet. It launched in 2015.
The Oakland, California, company is also adding Michael Lynton, the chairman of Snapchat's owner Snap Inc. and former head of film studio Sony Pictures, to its board.
Most users listen to Pandora's internet radio for free, but it has newer subscription products too.
HONOLULU (AP) — His last presidential vacation behind him, Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of his term, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on his legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington at midday Monday from Hawaii with less than three weeks remaining in his presidency. His final days in office will largely be consumed by a bid to protect his endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
His speech planned for his hometown of Chicago, on Jan. 10 is expected to be his closing message to the nation, and will be open to the public, according to a notice sent to Obama alumni and obtained by The Associated Press. The trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will include a “family reunion” for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with his second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like former government contractor Edward Snowden and former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to continue to focus on drug offenders whose plight he tried — but failed — to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and his aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped his team take over the massive bureaucracy that is the federal government. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump.
“The smooth transition of power is chief among priorities,” said White House spokesman Eric Schultz.
But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump staff's requests for information that Obama aides fear could be used to identify and eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts in the final days to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on his annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted himself forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put him in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing passage of a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking against the U.S. political process.
Trump sided with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the first case and Russian President Vladimir Putin in the second. He's vacillated between praising Obama for how he's handled the transition, and criticizing him over it on Twitter.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define his presidency before he loses the bully pulpit and cedes his legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how his two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what he accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions. Some Republicans want to strip out unpopular “Obamacare” provisions while leaving major parts intact, while others prefer a start-from-scratch approach.
To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely his last such session with his party's lawmakers as president.
His administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood his policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start “offloading,” turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be established, and Obama and his family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until their youngest daughter, Sasha, finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them normal freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to “a really nice prison.” But on his last Hawaii vacation, Obama took time out with his family to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are “trapped” in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- A new case of the measles has been verified in Kaohsiung and over 100 people are believed to have come in contact with the victim, announced the Kaohsiung Department of Health on Tuesday (April 24), according to a CNA report.
The latest confirmed case of the measles is a 24-year-old man, according to the city's Department of Health. After coming into contact with an infected person in early April, he had received a measles, mumps, rubella vaccination (MMR) vaccination on April 5.
However, on April 15 he developed symptoms of an upper respiratory infection and then developed a fever on April 18, when he sought treatment at the hospital. He was officially diagnosed with the disease yesterday.
Since he was infected, there are believed to be a total of 129 people who have come in contact with the victim, and they will be closely monitored until May 7, when the incubation period for the disease should end. The total number of people being monitored for infection in Kaohsiung now stands at 1,069.
That brings the total number of confirmed cases of the measles in Taiwan this year to 23, including 16 domestic infections and 7 from overseas, according to CDC statistics.
Image: HPE
Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) and NASA will partner to send a supercomputer to space, the companies announced in a blog post on Monday.
The "Spaceborne Computer" will be sent up to the International Space Station (ISS), first by being launched on the SpaceX CRS-12 rocket, and then sent via the SpaceX Dragon Spacecraft. It will be a year-long experiment, with aims to eventually land on a mission to Mars—a trip of the same length.
Why? Advanced computing, currently done on land, could help astronauts survive in gruelling conditions by allowing for processing of information in real-time in space.
The Spaceborne Computer comes equipped with the HPE Apollo 40 class systems, the blog post stated, which includes a high-speed HPC interconnect running an open-source Linux operating system. Importantly, this system could eliminate communication latencies, which can take up to 40 minutes, and can "make any on-the-ground exploration challenging and potentially dangerous if astronauts are met with any mission critical scenarios that they're not able to solve themselves," Alain Andreoli, SVP and GM of HPE's data center infrastructure group, wrote in the blog post.
A computer this advanced has never run in space before, since most computing systems are not developed to survive in brutal conditions that include factors such as radiation, solar flares, micrometeoroids, unstable electrical power and irregular cooling. However, the software on this computer was developed to withstand these types of conditions, and its water-cooled enclosure for the hardware was created to help keep the system safe.
The project, Andreoli wrote, has implications beyond what it can do for a voyage to Mars. "The Spaceborne Computer experiment will not only show us what needs to be done to advance computing in space, it will also spark discoveries for how to improve high performance computing (HPC) on Earth and potentially have a ripple effect in other areas of technology innovation," Andreoli wrote.
SEE: How Mark Shuttleworth became the first African in space and launched a software revolution (PDF download)
The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers:
On Monday, a blog post by HPE announced a partnership with NASA that will send a "Spaceborne Computer"—a supercomputer—on a year-long experiment to the ISS. The project is intended to eventually end up on a voyage to Mars—which also takes a year—with the intention of helping astronauts perform high-level computation in space, which could eliminate the current lag-time in communication between space and Earth. The project is intended to have broader implications for the kind of advanced computing that can be done in space.
Find out The Next Big Thing from TechRepublic. Subscribe
Also see
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court has upheld a challenged practice that is used to invalidate patents without the involvement of federal courts.
The justices on Tuesday rejected a bid to strike down a process established by Congress in 2011 to speed up patent reviews.
The justices voted 7-2 in favor of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's patent review process. It has been used to invalidate hundreds of patents since it was established in 2012.
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Neil Gorsuch dissented.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 17-5-1 17-8-2 9-3-1 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 16-6-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 18-7-1 11-8-4 8-4-3 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 13-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 18-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 16-8-1 11-11-3 8-5-2 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 13-9-4 11-8-4 5-2-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 13-8-3 12-13-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 10-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 12-10-5 8-14-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 19-3-2 14-9-2 12-1-1 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 18-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 16-5-3 13-7-4 10-4-2 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 18-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 17-8-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 14-7-3 12-9-4 12-2-3 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 12-9-3 15-9-2 6-9-3 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 17-4-4 10-14-1 8-8-0 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 14-9-3 11-8-6 8-5-5 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 18-7-1 9-11-3 7-6-1 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 12-12-3 13-5-5 8-6-3 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 12-10-3 12-9-4 6-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 9-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Vancouver 4, Colorado 3, OT
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — Eritrea's president in a rare interview is expressing his displeasure with Israel's plan to deport tens of thousands of African migrants, saying they deserve far more than the $3,500 offered to leave.
President Isaias Afwerki's interview posted on a government website Wednesday says the migrants from his country and Sudan paid a "high price" to human traffickers to reach Israel and deserve more like $50,000.
Many leaving the east African nation claim they fled a restrictive Eritrean regime where men are often forced into a military service with slavery-like conditions.
Afwerki claims the Eritrean migrants were enticed abroad to organize an armed opposition but that the "subversive schemes" failed and the migrants have become a burden.
He says Eritrea has offered to register all its migrants but Israeli authorities refused.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump's repeated clapping throughout his first State of the Union drew reactions from amusement to derision on social media.
Trump's applause during Tuesday night's address was audible over and over again as cameras cut away from the president and showed lawmakers and others offering varied levels of approval to his remarks.
Twitter users posted videos of Trump clapping for himself, with some noting that it became an annoying distraction. Others chimed in to question why the president would keep clapping for himself.
In the House chamber itself in Washington, majority Republicans led multiple rounds of enthusiastic applause during the speech. Democrats, meanwhile, provided a short spurt of polite applause for Trump as he entered the chamber, but offered muted reactions throughout the speech.
The first new electric train built for rail operator Northern is nearly ready to roll off the production line.
And it will make its debut on the Lancashire tracks by the end of the year.
Northern bosses have revealed the new unit, or a diesel version, will be put into service on either the Blackpool or Windermere to Manchester Airport route.
The train is one of 98 being built as part of £490m deal to modernise the rail operator's fleet to meet customer demand and electricification of the line from Manchester through the North West.
Forty three electric and 55 diesel trains are now being built at CAF's plant in Zaragoza, Spain.
Steve Timothy of Eversholt Rail, which will own the trains, said: “This is a very exciting project. We are delighted to be working with Northern.”
Watch out for a special feature on the project coming soon.
CANTON, Ohio--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--US Acute Care Solutions (USACS) today announced Dr. Dominic J. Bagnoli will assume the position of Executive Chairman of the Board and the company named James Frary Chief Executive Officer.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005319/en/
James Frary, Chief Executive Officer of US Acute Care Solutions (Photo: Business Wire)
In his role as Executive Chairman, Dr. Bagnoli will, in partnership with Mr. Frary, focus on clinician advocacy, strategic planning, business development and hospital partner relationships.
Dr. Bagnoli said, “This new role affords me the opportunity to do what I love – advance the merits of the physician-owned practice model to physicians, prospective groups and system partners. I am very excited to turn over the CEO role to James at this point in our company's history. James' experience in partnering with clinicians and his passion for the USACS model makes him a perfect fit for our company.”
Mr. Frary said, “USACS has emerged as the destination for physicians seeking to preserve ownership in their practice and is the leader among acute care provider groups in quality and innovation. I am proud to join an organization built on such a noble foundation and we will remain true to our core principles as we continue to grow and serve more patients throughout their acute care episodes.”
Mr. Frary was most recently President of AmerisourceBergen Specialty Group, the U.S. market leader in solutions that enable providers to improve specialty care delivery to patients. In his role, Mr. Frary partnered with hospitals, oncologists, urologists and other specialists to increase access, affordability and outcomes of lifesaving specialty medications. Prior to AmerisourceBergen, Mr. Frary was a principal with global strategy firm Oliver Wyman. Mr. Frary is also the Chairman of the North Texas chapter of CEOs Against Cancer, an initiative of the American Cancer Society.
Mr. Frary holds a bachelor's degree in economics from Stanford University and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
Dr. Peter Hudson, founding Chairman of the Board and a director since 2015, will remain on the USACS Board as a director.
Dr. Hudson said, “Our Board of Directors, which is physician-led, has extraordinary confidence in the partnership between Dr. Bagnoli and Mr. Frary. We are certain USACS will only strengthen its position as an essential partner for independent physician groups and hospitals to provide patients the best possible care.”
About USACS
Founded by emergency medicine physician groups in Colorado, Florida, Maryland, Ohio and Texas and capital partner Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, USACS is the national leader in physician-owned integrated acute care, including emergency medicine, hospitalist and observation services. USACS provides high quality emergency and hospitalist care to over 6 million patients annually at more than 200 locations in 22 states, and is aligned with leading hospital systems across the country. Visit www.usacs.com to learn more.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005319/en/
CONTACT: US Acute Care Solutions
Marty Richmond, 330-493-4443 x1406
Corporate Communications Director
richmondm@usacs.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA OHIO
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PRACTICE MANAGEMENT HEALTH HOSPITALS ONCOLOGY OTHER HEALTH GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: US Acute Care Solutions
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005319/en
