THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Jan 2, 2017
METHUEN, Mass. — Authorities in Massachusetts say a 10-month-old baby had to be revived twice after she was exposed to fentanyl.
Police arrived at the Methuen residence early Saturday afternoon after receiving a report of a child not breathing.
First responders took the child to Lawrence General Hospital, where police say she stopped breathing twice and had to be resuscitated. She was later airlifted to Tufts Medical Center in Boston, where she's in stable condition.
Authorities say hospital tests indicate the baby had the potent synthetic opioid fentanyl in her system.
The Department of Children and Families says it has taken custody of the baby. The incident remains under investigation.
Mayor Stephen Zanni says, “The opioid epidemic knows no boundaries.”
AN aspiring actress and singer plunged to her death from a luxury tower block in London – prompting a murder inquiry.
Facebook TRAGIC: Bethany-Maria Beales fell to her death at a London tower block at the weekend
Bethany-Maria Beales, 22, fell from the 13th storey of the Heron residential building on Moor Lane in the City of London on Saturday. Her body was found with “significant injuries” on a communal terrace on the sixth floor of the building. She died at the scene. Detectives revealed the death today, saying officers had arrested a man and a woman, both aged 38, on suspicion of murder.
Facebook CONFRIMED: Beales, 22, was found with injuries 'consistent with a fall from a height'
They were both released on conditional police bail after questioning. Ms Beales is thought to have been visiting the Heron building at the time of the incident. Today her family issued a statement and paid tribute to their “shining star.” They said: “Beth was a kind, funny, loyal, intelligent, talented and stunningly beautiful person who changed the lives of everyone fortunate enough to know her and lucky enough to be loved by her. "She was more than a daughter, grand-daughter, niece, cousin, stepsister, step-aunty, god-daughter or friend.
Getty FALL: The actress plunged to her death from the 13th floor
“She was the world to us all” Heartbroken family "She was the world to us all. “She had the brightest smile and the most beautiful singing voice. She was our songbird. She had an amazing talent that, if it had been seen by the world, would have become known to millions. “To say we will miss her does not come close to describing how we feel. "Our world will never be as bright again now that our shining star has gone.”
Facebook TRIBUTE: The young woman has been remembered as a 'shining star' by her grieving family
London's 2018 victims as capital's murder rate SOARS A spike in violent crime in the capital sparks means London's murder rate has overtaken New York's 1 / 28 PA Rhyhiem Ainsworth Barton who has been named as the the 17-year-old boy shot dead near his home in south London, 6th May 2018
A man with a long history of sexually abusing horses was recently arrested AGAIN by the Brown County Sheriff's Office, for you guessed it, sexually abusing a horse. Sterling Rachwal, 53, was arrested and charged with multiple MISDEMEANORS, because apparently raping animals isn't considered a serious offense in Wisconsin.
Men wearing women's dresses, bringing kittens and frogs caught in a fishnet, some men trying to pit a duck and a cat to fight, and even a cross-dressing man displaying a big male organ made of wood.
These are just scenes of the day in Barangay San Vicente in Olango Island in Lapu-Lapu City as they celebrate “The Baliw Baliw” festival, which is part of the activities of the barangay's fiesta on Thursday (May 30).
The unusual festival, whom senior residents of the barangay vaguely trace its beginnings to the early 1900s, has been known to be a part of the activities to celebrate the feast day of the village's patron saint, San Vicente Ferrer.
San Vicente Barangay Captain Cyrus Eyas said there were more visitors this year, who wanted to witness the “Baliw Baliw” festival.
San Vicente Barangay Captain Cyrus Eyas said, the practice had been there already even when his grandfather was still a boy in the 1900s.
“Dili mi maka-trace kon kanus-a gyud nagsugod ug nganong ingon ana ang nahimong tradisyon sa mga tawo (We cannot trace when did it start and why it has become the people's tradition),” said Eyas.
On the obscene scenes, he said that they had been trying to educate and ask residents as agreed by the fiesta committee to remove the obscene parts during the showdown portion of the festival at the vicinity of the chapel.
But, he said that people would just gather themselves near the chapel and do their thing like cross-dressing men outdoing themselves and residents trying to pit a cat and a duck to fight.
Eyas said that residents considered the unique festival a tradition from their ancestors and some residents even believed that to stop the festival would bring sickness to their families and calamities in the barangay.
With the festival bringing in more visitors, the barangay is also grabbing the opportunity to earn and make their barangay as a tourism destination.
These include adding more programs to the fiesta activities like the street dancing competition and the search for the festival queen.
For the tourism sites, they were also promoting the Boardwalk going to a floating restaurant via the mangrove available for trekking, a place for camping, snorkeling, diving at its Marine Sanctuary and many others.
Meanwhile, a 94-year-old resident of the barangay shared how the festival started.
Feliza Aying told Cebu Daily News that since she was a child the festival was already celebrated in the barangay.
She said that it was first called “Sakay-Sakay” (Ride to a fluvial procession) and the unusual things people do at the end of the fluvial procession were all just them trying to entertain themselves.
She said, it was the visitors, who called it “Baliw-Baliw” because when they visit San Vicente to celebrate the barangay's fiesta, they call the place “Baliw” because of the unusual acts of the people in the village.
Today, hundreds of visitors had been known to visit the barangay not only to witness the unusual festivity but also to show their devotion to the patron saint of the barangay, San Vicente Ferrer.
Imagine a place where you can go midweek to unwind, socialize and reset. Imagine a creative space where unsigned artists gather to perform and showcase their talents in front of a crowd of music lovers. Imagine a network so strong that you find yourself immersed among the music industry's top execs, A&R reps, publicists, managers, writers, producers and songwriters.
Founded by A&R executive Ericka Coulter and her Instor3 management company, the goal of TheBasement is to create a setting for up-and-coming talent to gain exposure to an audience that otherwise may not have heard of them.
Sitting down with Coulter on a Saturday afternoon in downtown L.A. proved to be just as hectic as a Monday for her. She's crazy busy but, for starters, she clarifies what sets her event apart from others.
“TheBasement is ... I don't like to use the word showcase,” Coulter says. “But it's a space for people to network, discover and vibe. And the whole point of that is for artists to be invited into this room of the who's who. From labels, to publications, to brands — just anything cool for the opportunity to help them. And for executives and other people to come into an environment where they didn't have to feel corporate. Like, this is not somewhere you dress up. You would actually stand out and look crazy. This is for you to wear your sneakers, your sweats, and just have a good time on a Wednesday. And be able to go home at a timely manner and feel like, 'Yo, not only did I get to connect with the person I've been trying to get to, I saw some new talent, and I had a good time!'”
TheBasement premiered on Aug. 30 last year and usually takes place on a Wednesday (although this month it's moving to Thursday because of the threat of rain).
“OK, so this is my theory,” Coulter says. “I feel like on Monday I'm still recovering from the weekend, trying to get back into my groove. Tuesday is Taco Tuesday and in L.A., it's like a real thing. So I don't want to compete with that. Wednesday, you're like, 'You know what, I can go out tonight. But I don't need to be out too late 'cause I still got shit to do.' And then Thursday and Friday is when it's on and poppin'.”
As a Kansas City native living in Los Angeles, Coulter knew she could not do this on her own. Her Instor3 team consists of Eric Coulter, Steven Hooks, Zoey Moses, Zoey Davis and Brandon Thomas. She also has a sound guy named Uncle Reggie, and recently recruited new host Terrence Green.
“I started off in A&R at Interscope Records," Coulter says. "I left in 2013 and wasn't really sure if I wanted to work at a label anymore. I got a client by the name of Harmony Samuels, who's an incredible music producer (Ariana Grande, Maroon 5). Harmony did a lot of stuff with Chris Brown. I started managing him, and we started to build relationships with brands. So my whole thing was, what are the two things that the world will never go without? It's music and fashion.”
EXPAND Ericka Coulter @kurieitaa2
With her organic and whole-hearted approach, there's no doubt in Coulter's mind this is the beginning of something greater. It's not just about an unknown artist proving she can sing. It's about performing in a room full of people who have the ability and resources to change someone's life.
“My end goal for TheBasement is for it to become a hub — and it is going to be,” she says. “In Atlanta, in New York, in the U.K., in Toronto, in Miami. Like, I'm from Kansas City, and there's a lot of talent out there. I give you the opportunity not only to get a record deal but also to go through artist development. Because sometimes you may think you're ready, and you're not ready. The goal is for it to not only become a showcase, artist development type of function but to also possibly be a label. And really be able to change the game.”
Having been a singer herself, Coulter knows exactly what it's like to want to be heard and seen. One thing about this event, you won't know the lineup until the night of — until that moment the artist hits the stage.
“OK, so, it's a secret,” she says. “Just because again, I want people to be able to discover things that they didn't know about. But the way that we go about, it's either they're an artist that I've been checking out that I'm not sure yet are ready to be signed, or I've never seen them perform, so now I'm giving them the opportunity to perform.
"There's an artist whose name is Maeta and she actually performed at our second event. Her manager sent me a video of her, and she's incredible. She actually flew from Indiana to come perform at TheBasement. So instead of me talking about the artists that are performing, I talk about the ones that have in the past. Maeta is one of them. There's another guy called All Day Long that's signed to RCA Records. He's a hidden gem. But when he comes out, it's about to be a problem. There's a kid that performed at the last one named Darnell Williams who just put out this 'Fuck Hollywood' video that's crazy. And I think that he's definitely next up."
Coulter is keen to point out that this event is about loving music and/or fashion, but there is judgment on those who just want to show up and chill in their work clothes.
“This is not only the cool kids in the music industry but these are just the cool kids that love music," she says. "I don't wanna say backpack kids. You can be heavy into fashion, or you could just like music. This is that room. But this is also people that like to talk and network and chill and be themselves. Like I said, I want you to come comfortable. So you shouldn't come in high heels.”
One thing to note: All this didn't just fall into Coulter's lap. She is a walking testimony of the “hard work pays off” mantra — especially as a female in a male-dominated field.
“I'm still learning that part,” she says. “I have to be honest because it's a day-by-day situation. Like you can wake up every morning and say, ‘I'm going to have a great day' and there's something that can get in the way of that. ... So my advice for women that are wanting to get into this is, know that you always — no matter what field — you are going to always work 10 times harder. ... Don't surround yourself with people that make you feel little or that you're the smartest one in the room. Really surround yourself with people that motivate you to go somewhere else. I just try not to ever think about it because I'm a woman. I just try to work hard. And then be like, ‘Well, I didn't get it because it wasn't meant [for me]. It had nothing to do with me being a woman.”
The next installment of TheBasement takes place on Thursday, March 22. Details available by RSVP-ing to info@instor3.com.
MEGHAN Markle is expected to make her much-anticipated debut as Duchess of Sussex at Wimbledon this year.
It comes two years after Meghan Markle was pictured court side cheering on pal Serena Williams during the summer she met her husband Prince Harry. The newly minted royal, 36, will watch Williams face off in the tennis tournament sometime this week, according to Entertainment tonight. However, the superstar athlete, who won her first match on Monday, wouldn't say for sure if the Duchess of Sussex will make an appearance. “I don't know,” Williams, 36, said after she won her first round match. “We'll see.
Getty FAN: Meghan Markle was pictured at Wimbledon in 2016, days after her first date with Harry
"If I keep winning.” The longtime girlfriends have made the most of Williams' time across the Pond. The ladies were seen along with their husbands, Prince Harry and Alexis Ohanian, at a polo match over the weekend. Williams has been one of Meghan's best friends after the pair met in 2014, and attended the former Suits star's wedding in May.
Getty AWKS? Meghan was sat near Pippa Middleton and Cressida Bonas at the tournament
Meghan Markle watches Prince Harry play polo Royal newlywed Meg wowed in a Panama hat as she cheered on her new husband Harry 1 / 16 SplashNews.com Meghan Markle is spotted at Berkshire's Cowarth Park Polo Club
Getty SUPPORT: Meghan has supported Williams at multiple tournaments
“If I keep winning she'll come” Williams Speaking of the event, she said: “It was super fun. "You know, I've known Meghan for years, so it was good to see my friend happy.” Meghan was last spotted at Wimbledon in 2016. She was sat just yards from Pippa Middleton – the Duchess of Cambridge's sister. And she was also seen in the same box as Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas.
Getty BESTIES: Meghan and Serena met at a charity event in 2014
Wimbledon's NAKED gatecrashers: When streakers upstage the tennis An array of streakers has stunned the crowds at Wimbledon 1 / 15 Getty Images A blonde bombshell entertains the Wimbledon crowd
The sighting came just three days after Meghan is believed to have met her Prince at Soho House. Royal fans are also keen to find out whether Kate Middleton will also attend Wimbledon this year. The 36-year-old is a big fan of the game as well as patron of the England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club. Though on maternity leave until autumn, she revealed in BBC documentary, Sue Barker: Our Wimbledon that she had been going to Wimbledon since she was little.
Getty FANATIC: Kate and Prince William are often guests in the Royal box at Wimbledon
She said: “I have watched Wimbledon, that was very much part of my growing up. "It's such a quintessential part of the English summer, and I think it really inspires youngsters, myself, it inspired me, when I was younger to get involved in the game. "It hasn't changed either, I think that's what's so wonderful.” Last week, Meghan received a stern warning about adapting to royal life.
Getty ROYAL: Meghan has been settling in to her new role since her wedding in May
Serena William's in pictures Serena Williams is considered as one of the best female tennis players in the game, and she is definitely sexy. Here are some of her best pictures. 1 / 56 INF Photo/Instagram Serena Williams' sexiest pictures
PARIS: It is just as well Novak Djokovic did not choose archery or shooting as his preferred sport.
Instead of a small circular board or a flying skeet to aim at, Djokovic has half a tennis court to use as his target.
Advertisement
At the French Open on Wednesday, however, Djokovic's shots often failed to hit the bulls-eye.
The once all-conquering Serb started off by serving a fault, ended the opening game with a double fault and fired plenty of wayward shots wide and long as he tried to subdue Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar.
While the scorecard will show that Djokovic eked out a straightforward-looking 7-6(1) 6-4 6-4 victory, those following the action on a sweltering Court Suzanne Lenglen will know the second-round win was anything but easy.
"I went through my ups and downs and I'm not really satisfied with the performance. I just played enough in the right moments to win the match," admitted 20th seed Djokovic, who is still trying to rediscover his golden touch since undergoing elbow surgery this year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I have good days of serving when everything flows. But the issue is that I had to (change) the service motion a lot because of the injury (and) I changed the racket.
"I've already had three different service motions this year. So it's something that I'm working on. At times today, I didn't feel rhythm at all of the serve. So I was missing a lot of first serves."
Djokovic was so restless that after being broken by the 155th-ranked Munar in the ninth game, instead of sitting down and taking in fluids, he simply walked over to the other side of the net and went through the motions of playing some air shots.
While it was obvious his game is still a long way from the form he produced to win four slams in a row from 2015 to 2016, he was quick to put his struggles into perspective.
"To sit here and talk about how tough it is and you have people starving to death, for me there is no point in talking about that. It's just the way it is," said Djokovic, who has failed to add to his haul of 12 Grand Slam titles since triumphing at Roland Garros in 2016.
After shutting down his 2017 season following his quarter-final exit at Wimbledon, Djokovic has suffered more downs than ups in 2018. In the seven tournaments he had played before arriving in Paris, he has been beaten in the first round three times and has yet to reach a final.
"As an athlete I have to face these challenges," the 31-year-old said with a shrug.
"I'm not playing at the level I wish to (but) I'm trying not to give up."
He will get a better idea of where his game is at when he faces Spanish 13th seed Roberto Bautista Agut for a place in the last 16.
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Ed Osmond)
NIZNHY NOVGOROD, Russia: Argentine great Diego Maradona said England perpetrated a "monumental robbery" in their World Cup victory over Colombia and accused referee Mark Geiger of not being up to such a game.
Maradona, notorious in England for his famous "Hand of God" goal at the 1986 tournament, said the American official should have penalised Harry Kane rather than give a penalty for a foul by Colombia's Carlos Sanchez during Tuesday's knockout match
Advertisement
"Today I saw a monumental robbery on the pitch ... a fatal mistake for a whole country," he said of the incident that put England 1-0 ahead in the second half.
"Here's a gentleman who decides, a referee who, if you Google him, shouldn't be given a match of this magnitude ... Geiger, an American, what a coincidence," Maradona added on his nightly World Cup show for Venezuela-based Telesur broadcaster.
TV images showed Maradona wildly celebrating Colombia's late equaliser that took Tuesday's (Jul 3) Round of 16 match to 1-1 and extra time. But he was despondent when England won a penalty shootout, taking them into a quarter-final against Sweden.
The ever-controversial former World Cup winner also pointed the finger at Pierluigi Collina, head of FIFA's referee committee, for allowing Geiger's designation.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I'm just sorry for the whole Colombian people," Maradona said. "I cheered Colombia's goal as if I had headed it myself."
HARLEY-Davidson continued their unbeaten run through Division A of the 22nd Sacred Heart Ateneo Alumni Basketball Athletic Association (SHAABAA) Basketball Tournament as it destroyed Gaisano Capital, 70-53, last Sunday at the Magis Eagles Arena.
Powered by several former standouts of the many-time Cesafi champions Magis Eagles, Harley-Davidson started to pull away in the second half where they outscored Gaisano Capital 17-8, to build a 38-29 lead. They raised their lead to 10 in the third before completing the rout in the final canto.
Current University of the Philippines Fighting Maroons Janjan Jaboneta and Pio Longa starred for Harley-Davidson as the former had 14 points, four rebounds, two assists and two steals while Longa added 12.
ADVERTISEMENT
Former USC Warriors guard Gio Laguyo and Elddie Cabahug scored 11 and 10 points, respectively, to help Harley-Davidson push their win-loss record to 3-0.
Ed Macasling paced Gaisano Capital with 12 while Anton Solon contributed 10 but it wasn't enough to keep them from falling to 1-2.
Landmasters triumph
In the other Division A match, the defending champions Cebu Landmasters blew away the SHS-Ateneo de Cebu Team B, 88-54, for their second win in three tries.
Daryle Tan and Leigh Dixon ran roughshod over the defense of their younger opponents, scoring 25 points each in the easy win.
Ateneo de Cebu's Team B fell to 0-3 after the first of three round-robins in Division A.
The Director-General of the National Youth Service Corps, Brigadier-General Suleiman Kazaure, has advised corps members to embrace and explore the four cardinal points of the scheme.
Kazaure gave this advice on Thursday while addressing the 2017 Batch ‘B' stream II corps members deployed to Oyo, Ogun and Kwara States currently having their orientation course at Oyo State NYSC Permanent Orientation camp, Ogbakuta, Iseyin, Oyo State.
The DG said the four distinct cardinal points which are: Orientation course, Place of Primary Assignment, secondary assignment also known as Community Development Service and the winding-up and passing out parade are NYSC cardinal points designed not to just uphold the national unity and integration but also to equip and prepare the corps members ahead for future task ahead.
He thereby urged the corps members to make judicious use of the key activities of the orientation course like the Skills Acquisition and Entrepreneurship Development (SAED), be a good ambassador at their place of primary assignment and organise programmes to aid host communities in order to have a successful service year.
The DG also appealed to the corps members to conduct themselves very well and shun all forms of immoral act.
He said, “Conduct yourself very well during your service year, avoid drug abuse and cybercrime, avoid provocative mode of dressing and be a good ambassador of NYSC, your family and the country as a whole.”
Earlier in her welcome address, the Oyo State coordinator, Mrs Ifeoma E. Anidobi, told the Director-General that the corps members and the camp officials conduct themselves in a disciplined and responsible manner at all times.
She said the camp registered a total of 2,304 corps members, made up of 1098 males and 1206 females of which Kwara has 640 while 688 registered on Ogun platform and Oyo state being the host recorded 976 corps members.
The highlight of the event was the official commissioning of the Mini OBS studio by the Director-General.
Also present at the event were dignitaries like the acting director, press and public relations, NYSC directorate headquarter, Mrs Adenike Adeyemi, the director, special duties, Mr Hillary Nasamu, the Ogun State coordinator, Mr John Okpo and the Kwara State coordinator, Mr Amaefule Remigius.
Tulsa Public Schools plans to review school names following the launch of a petition to change the name of Lee Elementary.
The petition, organized by a Dallas woman with Tulsa ties, was started as a reaction to the events in Charlottesville, Virginia.
On the change.org petition, it says:
“No one wants to see Tulsa be the next Charlottesville. There's not much we can do to fight against White Supremacists in America, but this is something we CAN do. We have control over who we glorify.
“The solution? Hold a contest and have the Tulsa community vote for a new name, honoring a more respectable American hero.”
The petition has more than 1,000 supporters.
TPS announced Monday the district would review names of all schools "to ensure that our learning communities have names that are aligned with our values."
The district said community members would be asked to work with the school board and superintendent as part of the effort.
You can read the full TPS statement below.
“We are heartbroken by the events that unfolded in Charlottesville this weekend. This blatant display of racism and bigotry by a misguided, misinformed group of white supremacists is alarming, troubling, and deeply hurtful to everyone in our community. Every person deserves love, respect, and dignity, and we remain committed to effecting transformative change by putting equity at the forefront of the ways that we teach, learn, and work together.
“Board members and the superintendent have discussed the namesakes of our schools previously and certainly in recent days. Leading with equity means thinking critically about our traditions and histories and recognizing where changes may be needed to live our core values of equity, character, excellence, team, and joy. We are committing to undertaking a full review of the names of all of our schools to ensure that our learning communities have names that are aligned with our values. We are working to identify community members to engage with the board of education and superintendent in this effort and look forward to sharing more information as our plans develop.”
Getty Images
The recent comments from former Patriots defensive end Cassius Marsh are surprising not simply because of their strength but because of their rarity. During the 18 years that Bill Belichick has coached the team, the atmosphere hasn't changed. So why haven't more former Patriots popped off?
One possibility is that the Patriots misjudged Marsh as someone who would respond well to the New England environment. Belichick and company typically look for — and find — players who will buy in to The Patriot Way, which consists (in a nutshell) or having a hard shell that tolerates constant badgering and fear-based motivation, that puts team above individual, and that results in the successful players making financial sacrifices for the greater goal of effective cap management, not just to afford free-agent starters when needed but to have a robust middle class of experienced players who provide depth when injuries inevitably happen.
Even if Marsh didn't fit in, he's hardly the first. So why haven't past Patriots teed off on Belichick's methods after leaving the team?
The closest anyone else has come to taking shots at The Patriot Way happened nearly three years ago, when receiver Reggie Wayne asked to be released after a short stint in New England because “the work environment was tough” and Wayne was “not having fun.” Considering that Wayne occupied a central role on a Colts team that exuded excellence and that featured a strong, detail-obsessed personality at quarterback, the revelation was a bit of a shock.
But Wayne never suggested that the sense of unhappiness went beyond himself. Marsh's comments broadened the focus to include others.
“They don't have fun there,” Marsh said. “There's nothing fun about it. There's nothing happy about it.”
That has prompted some within league circles to wonder whether the Patriots have, over time, lost their nucleus of players who revel in the ends-justify-the-lack-of-fun approach. Players who believe winning is fun enough. Players who willingly accept the fact that championship football is zero fun, sir.
If past Patriots teams had a guy like Marsh who was grumbling about not having fun, team leaders would have swooped in immediately and rectified the situation, one way or the other. Marsh wouldn't have believed that “they don't have fun there.” He would have simply concluded that they have a different idea of what fun is.
At a time when the discontent has spread to players like quarterback Tom Brady and tight end Rob Gronkowski, maybe there really is a deeper problem in the locker room, where the core of players obsessed with winning has been overcome by a critical mass of players who are sick of being constantly criticized. The tipping point quite possibly came during Super Bowl LII, when Belichick apparently departed from the win-at-all-costs mindset to instead play some sort of mind game with cornerback Malcolm Butler, leaving him on the sideline as the defense couldn't stop Philadelphia's offense.
Whatever the reasons and whatever the trigger, it's becoming more and more clear that something has changed in New England. And while none of it may matter when it's time to suit up and play in September, the fact that both Brady and Gronkowski are nowhere to be seen necessarily affects the overall preparation of a team that uses every phase of the calendar as a building block toward the next one.
If they and others find themselves resenting Belichick's ways and questioning the effectiveness of his methods and his message, coach and players could be on a collision course for a level of dysfunction that they may not be able to overcome.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alex Hammond provides us with her daily double from today's racing action, with the action from Wolverhampton and Newcastle the subject of her latest selections.
The Sky Sports News presenter will be providing us with her fancies throughout each week, with today's offering doubled up at 22/1 with Sky Bet.
Alex says: “Today's main tip is On A Promise in the 3.50 at Newcastle . It looks worth taking a chance on this five-year- old on his handicap debut for his in-form trainer Nicky Richards.
“My other fancy is Mythical Madness in the 3.30 at Wolverhampton . David's horses have been a bit quiet, but he's been amongst the winners recently and this horse has done well since joining his new stable.
Alex's double: On A Promise (Newcastle 3.50) and Mythical Madness (Wolverhampton 3.30) – 22/1 with Sky Bet
Follow Alex's tip of the day with Sky Bet here.
*Odds subject to change and correct at time of publish
Philippines, US to hold military drills
by Staff Writers
Manila (AFP) April 16, 2017
The Philippine military said Sunday it would hold annual exercises with US troops next month, reaffirming its commitment to the alliance despite cooling relations under President Rodrigo Duterte.
The 10-day exercises will be the first held under Duterte, who has suggested cancelling the drills and called for the withdrawal of American troops, putting into question Manila's 70-year-old alliance with Washington as he looks instead to court China.
The outspoken Filipino leader, who has earned international censure for a war on drugs that has seen thousands killed, has since softened his stance on working with the US military.
The annual military exercises, known as Balikatan (Shoulder-to-Shoulder), will now go ahead in May, focusing on counter-terrorism and disaster response as the Philippines battles Islamic militants in their lawless southern strongholds.
"It will be scenario-based like (preparing for) a big storm hitting the Philippines or the possibility of terrorism," Balikatan spokesman Major Celeste Frank Sayson told AFP.
"We are safe to say there will be no more live-fire exercises. We (will) focus on humanitarian and civil assistance."
In previous years Balikatan had evolved from counter-terrorism manoeuvres against Islamic militants to simulations of protecting or retaking territory, as a dispute with Beijing over islands in the South China Sea escalated.
But Duterte, who took office last year, has sought improved relations with China and has set aside the maritime row in favour of economic concessions.
Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana had said the exercises would refocus on fighting terrorism, which he described as the Philippines' top security problem.
The Philippines is battling Islamic militants and pirates in the conflict-torn south, where several groups have pledged allegiance to Islamic State fighters in Iraq and Syria.
Security forces in the past week clashed with the Abu Sayyaf kidnap-for-ransom group on a popular resort island, the first attack on a key Philippine tourist destination in recent years.
Brussels (AFP) April 12, 2017
EU foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini will make her first official visit to Russia this month, with relations strained to breaking point by the Ukraine conflict and the war in Syria. She will also visit China and India next week, her office said in a statement on Wednesday. Most attention is likely to focus on her trip to Moscow on April 24, with ties in deep freeze over its suppor ... read more
Related Links
SAN FRANCISCO: Ride-services company Uber Technologies Inc may be required to provide passengers a way to tip their drivers, despite its longstanding resistance, if a plan by New York City's taxi regulator is implemented.
The New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission said on Monday that it plans to propose a rule no later than July that would require all for-hire vehicles to allow passengers to tip drivers using the same method they use to pay for the ride. In Uber's case, this would involve adding a tipping feature within the its smartphone app.
The commission said its proposal is a response to driver concerns over falling wages, as Uber has reduced fares in New York City and across the country. Tips could help boost drivers' income.
Uber has said previously it opposed tipping because it was an inconvenience to passengers and slowed the transaction between rider and driver.
"I found myself having to work longer hours away from my family to earn the same money," Luiny Tavares, who has driven for Uber for five years, said on a call with reporters that was organised by the Independent Drivers Guild.
The guild, set up last year to advocate for drivers, started a campaign last summer to pressure Uber to add a tipping feature in its app. Uber was "unable to move on the option," said guild founder Jim Conigliaro, so the guild brought the issue to the taxi commission.
Any tipping proposal faces a protracted process before it becomes a rule Uber must follow. The taxi commission has the authority to initiate rulemaking on its own, but rules must be certified by city legal authorities. There is also 30-day public comment period and public hearing, and a board of commissioners votes on the final rule.
"We have not seen the proposal and look forward to reviewing it," said Uber spokeswoman Alix Anfang. "Uber is always striving to offer the best earning opportunity for drivers and we are constantly working to improve the driver experience."
Adding a tipping feature to Uber's app would remove one significant difference between Uber and its chief U.S. competitor, Lyft. Lyft has a smaller market share but is the preferred service of many drivers because it allows tipping through the smartphone app. Lyft said in March that its drivers have earned more than US$200 million in tips since the company's founding.
(Reporting by Heather Somerville; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Kathleen Sullivan scored three goals and added an assist to help South River take an 8-6 victory over host Cape Henlopen of Delaware on Tuesday in girls lacrosse. It marked the 10th win in 11 games for the Seahawks.
Kelsey Winters added two goals and an assist while Madeline Lenkart, Lauren Zinkl and Alexis Grant had single goals. Carly Mansur made seven saves for South River (10-1).
ST. MARY'S 10, MARYVALE 5: Bryce Pfundstein (assist), Whitney Albert (assist), Julianna Sanchez and Katelyn Panebianco scored two goals apiece to lead the Saints on Monday. Ellie Rice and Marielle McAteer each scored a goal, Maggie Aumiller had two assists, Emma Driggs won eight draws and Savvy Smith made five saves for St. Mary's (8-5).
Anne Arundel County Girls Lacrosse Scoring Leaders (through April 20) (By BOB HOUGH) (By BOB HOUGH)
Manchester United moved level on points with fifth-placed Tottenham after victory at West Ham, who played for 75 minutes with 10 men following the controversial dismissal of Sofiane Feghouli.
Referee Mike Dean showed Feghouli a straight red card after the midfielder's 15th-minute challenge on Phil Jones.
Replays showed it was more of a coming together between two players committed to winning the ball than a reckless tackle meant to cause harm.
Antonio Valencia was guilty of an astonishing miss for the visitors before Juan Mata scored from 10 yards after a clever pass by fellow substitute Marcus Rashford.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic was one of three players offside when he doubled the lead after Pedro Obiang's clearance fell to Ander Herrera.
It was Jose Mourinho's side's sixth straight Premier League win and their seventh in all competitions.
RCMP Constable Graham Holmes with his fiancée Kelsey Foote after they were engaged in Tofino this December. Holmes, whose first posting was with the Masset RCMP, passed away April 6 after a snowmobiling accident near Kugluktuk, Nunavut. (Photo courtesy Kelsey Foote)
A young RCMP officer who started his career in Masset has died in an off-duty snowmobiling accident near Kugluktuk, Nunavut.
Constable Graham Thomas Holmes, 30, was snowmobiling home from Kugluk Territorial Park with a fellow officer friend on April 6 when he missed a sudden drop-off and plunged over a 30-metre cliff.
Holmes fiancée, Kelsey Foote, said in a statement that it was a bright spring day, and the sun may have made it hard to see the drop-off.
Riding behind on another snowmobile, his friend narrowly missed the same fall.
Foote said residents of Kugluktuk, where Holmes had volunteered for a posting, were shocked by his passing, calling him a very approachable and friendly officer.
Holmes was also well liked during his two years in Masset, where he was posted shortly after graduating from the RCMP depot in Regina in 2009.
From Masset, Holmes was posted to his hometown of Shawnigan Lake, B.C. to be close to his father, who was terminally ill. Holmes and Foote met in 2012, and in 2016, they decided to move to Nunavut, where Foote worked as a teacher and then as a community wellness co-ordinator.
Holmes was brought home to Shawnigan Lake on April 11, where he was met by a procession that included friends and family as well as RCMP and other first responders from Shawinigan Lake, Westshore, North Cowichan, and Duncan.
“They will cherish their memories of his sense of humour, generosity and adventurous spirit,” said Foote, noting that her fiancée had a passion for the outdoors as well as other experiencing other cultures. She and Holmes were engaged last December after he proposed to her on a beach in Tofino.
“His passing leaves an empty space for all who knew him,” Foote said.
“He will be deeply missed.”
Donations can be made to a scholarship fund in Constable Graham Holmes' name at Island Savings, account 2642940.
REUTERS: Wales secured a vital 1-0 victory in Georgia to keep their hopes of automatic World Cup qualification alive on Friday as Tom Lawrence sealed the points with his first goal for his country.
Lawrence lashed home right-footed from just outside the area in the 49th minute to earn Wales only their fourth victory in nine qualifying games and put them clear in second spot in Group D with 17 points, a point behind leaders Serbia.
Should third-placed Ireland suffer a shock home defeat by Moldova later on Friday Wales would be guaranteed at least runners-up spot in the group and a possible playoff place as they bid to reach the World Cup for the first time since 1958.
Serbia is in action at fourth-placed Austria where victory will see them finish as group winners and qualify for the finals.
Wales, who are without injured talisman Gareth Bale, face Ireland on Monday in what is shaping up to be a colossal match with a likely playoff spot up for grabs.
"I always knew this was going to be a tight group and always thought it would go the wire," Wales manager Chris Coleman said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"All we can do is work hard and take care of our business. We have a huge test on Monday night against the Republic of Ireland. We have a game plan and we will see where it takes us."
Only the eight runners-up with the best records from the nine European groups will take part in the two-legged playoffs.
Wales were ninth best going into the match in Tbilisi but victory lifted them to sixth in that complex table.
Without Bale, Wales produced a disciplined performance against a tricky Georgian side who drew 1-1 in Cardiff - one of five draws for Coleman's team.
Chances were few and far between but Derby County's Lawrence produced a quality finish to break the deadlock.
Turning into space 30 metres out he advanced before firing a powerful drive across Georgia keeper Giorgi Loria.
There were nerves at the end as Georgia pressed for an equaliser - their best chance coming when a superb pass sliced open the Welsh defence to leave Otar Kakabadze in the clear but he elected to cross rather than shoot and wasted the chance.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Toby Davis)
Usain Bolt insists his struggles at the World Championships will never damage his legacy.
The eight-time Olympic champion ended his career with a lap of honour following the end of the championships in London on Sunday.
Bolt had missed out on a successful send-off as he dramatically crashed out of the 4x100 metre relay on Saturday, collapsing on the track clutching his hamstring after getting cramp with 50m to go.
It came after he could only take bronze in the 100m last weekend, denying him the chance of a final solo gold before he retired.
"For me I don't think one championship is going to change what I've done," said the Jamaican, who still admitted he needed a drink after a "rough" week.
"I remember after losing the 100m someone said to me, 'Usain, no worries, Muhammad Ali lost his last fight also, so don't be stressed about that'.
"I've proven myself year in, year out, throughout my whole career."
Bolt holds the world records over 100m and 200m of 9.58 seconds and 19.19secs respectively which look likely to stand for a long time but insisted he will not be back to try to set any new ones.
"I've seen too many people retire and come back into the sport just to make it worse or to shame themselves," he said. "I won't be one of those people."
Meanwhile, Great Britain captain Eilidh Doyle believes the hosts can be pleased with their efforts despite criticism for a lack of medals during the championships.
The hosts finished sixth in the medal table after hitting their target of six-to-eight medals thanks to Doyle helping the women's 4x400m relay team to silver while the men took bronze on Sunday.
Sir Mo Farah was the only individual athlete to claim medals, winning the 10,000m and taking silver in the 5,000m as he prepares to retire from the track this month.
Doyle said: "You've got to look at the bigger picture. We've made the target but we've also had some really excellent results.
"Look at the sprinters. The 4x100m boys are world champions. They beat America, they beat Jamaica. But also you look at the finals and personal bests - how many people finished higher than they were ranked coming in?
"If you look at the team as a whole, we've performed really well."
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Blue Jays GM Ross Atkins was cool and calm during a gathering with the Toronto media on Monday. But, if he was strapped to a blood pressure metre, the machine probably would have blown up when he was asked about Giancarlo Stanton.
Or more specifically, what he thought about the fact that the Yankees have suddenly become — in the eyes of a number of betting sites — the favorites to win the 2018 World Series after trading for Stanton, the 2017 MLB home run and RBI leader.
“There is nothing I care less about,” said Atkins, displaying some rare agitation. “We understand that that's a significant piece to the equation and someone that will make the New York Yankees better. It's exciting to think about, it's exciting to think about playing against the New York Yankees. They're going to be very good.
“(But) we're confident and optimistic that we have a great core to build upon.”
The Jays may have a great core to build upon, but unless they make some key moves this off-season, it will likely be a core the Yankees and Boston Red Sox kick around next season. The word at the Winter Meetings this week is that the Red Sox will go out and make a deal to rival the Stanton move.
The chatter prompted someone to ask Atkins if playing in the free-spending AL East is a curse — a question that has been asked of pretty well every Jays' GM over the years. Toronto upped its payrolls to close to $177 million in 2017, but the hefty number still paled in comparison to New York and Boston.
“I think it's the greatest place to be,” Atkins said. “I really do. The energy and the competitive spirit in and around those divisional games and divisional series is incredible. I would never trade that for anything.”
On Monday, Atkins stuck with the narrative that the club is in the market for an everyday outfielder, more infield depth and starting pitching. However, the Jays have yet to make a significant move other than acquiring infielder Aledmys Diaz (a 2016 NL all-star) and there's a feeling that Toronto may be left behind in the march to a 2018 playoff spot unless they do something significant.
Atkins hinted that the Jays are close to making a deal or two and is confident they can swing something important based on their improved minor league system (talent that could motivate other teams to make a deal with the Jays) and the financial resources available.
Atkins said that there is a dearth of starting pitching to be had this off-season but said his club has a abundance of minor league talent in the outfield and in the bullpen to use to possibly facilitate trades.
It's up to Atkins and his team to pull off something, and he's hoping it will happen at these meetings with all the teams present and talking.
“There is that feeling (of) don't miss out,” said Atkins, adding the Jays have to look at “creative” and “innovative” ways to possibly get some deals done. “That's what keeps you up at night — hoping that there's not some opportunity that's not going to be there tomorrow. That feeling does heighten here.”
MUM ON DONALDSON
Atkins was asked yet again about star third baseman Josh Donaldson, who has one year left on his Jays' contract before becoming a free agent, and whether there is talk of a long-term extension.
“I just can't get into whether or not we are actually negotiating or not,” Atkins said. “(But) if we're thinking of making this organization better every day, it's really hard to imagine making it better without Josh. He's one of the best players in the game.”
INJURY UPDATES
Atkins said Aaron Sanchez was assessed in Dunedin on Monday and, if the news is good, he will start playing catch on Tuesday.
The big starter was placed on the disabled list on four occasions last season because of lingering blister issues on his right hand.
The GM added that he expects oft-injured second baseman Devon Travis, who missed much of the 2017 season with a knee injury, to be ready for spring training.
sbuffery@postmedia.com
Going back to school can be an exciting time, but it can also be an expensive one. Whether you're headed back to high school or venturing off to college for the first time, you'll probably want to pick up a new iPad or Mac for yourself to stay productive. Odds are that the MacBook Pro and iPad won't be the only items you need to buy to be ready, so you'll definitely want to save some money on it if you can.
There are a number of deals that are available right now, and here are some of the best.
iPad Deals
Mac Deals
Get ready go back in time and dance the night away at the 23rd Annual Glen Burnie Teen Center reunion dance from 7 to 11 p.m. March 25 at La Fontaine Bleue.
Tickets are $45 per person and include a hot buffet, beer, wine and soda and music by a disc jockey. A cash bar will be available
Organizer Charles Kreider said anyone who enjoys good music and dancing from the 50's and 60's is welcome to attend.
"It's hard to find a place for our music anymore," Kreider said.
The Glen Burnie Armory was hopping every Friday night when Kreider was a teen. It was "the" place where teens gathered to socialize and show off their latest dance moves. Admission was 25 cents.
Pictures of people, places and events taking place in the Glen Burnie ZIP code of 20161
It was during an era that many local teens tuned into the Buddy Dean show after school, if they weren't dancing on the show themselves. The Baltimore's Buddy Dean show was the inspiration behind John Waters famous movie and Broadway musical "Hairspray".
Kreider said times were different – it wasn't just a weekly dance. It was the highlight of their teenage social life. Even though most of the teen center regulars are now retirees, Kreider said the dance floor will be full all night long as couples and individuals show off their dance moves.
Tickets must be purchased in advance. To reserve a ticket, mail a check payable to Charles Kreider, 102 M Street S.E. Glen Burnie, MD 21061. Tables will be reserved for groups of six or more. Friends who wish to sit with each other should include those names with their reservations.
For details, call Kreider at 410-768-9549.
Dance for Heart
The Baltimore Washington Medical Center hosts its annual Heartbeat for Health 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Saturday at the Y in Arnold, 1209 Ritchie Highway. Admission is free. In addition to promoting dance and exercise to prevent heart disease, free heart, feet, oral cancer, blood pressure and body mass index health screening will be offered. Local dance studios will demonstrate dance steps.
For details, call 410-787-4367 or visit www.mybwmc.org/jheartbeat2017.
Coffee house
Two local bands – the North Glen Community Church Praise Band and the Arundel Christian Church's "The Pulse" will share the stage at the Saturday Night Live coffee house Saturday at the North Glen Community Church, 508 W. Furnace Branch Road. Doors open at 7 p.m. Bands play 8-10 p.m.
Free child care entertainment will be offered upstairs. A love offering will be collected for the band. Food and refreshments will be served.
For details, e-mail snlcoffeehouse@verizon.net.
Bus trip
Travel with JOY (Just Older Youth) has a few seats open on its April 21 "mystery" bus trip. Only the bus driver and trip organizer Neoma Dearing know where the bus is headed.
Cost is $91. The bus will leave the Glen Burnie Parking garage at 9 a.m. and will return at 8 p.m.
To reserve a seat, contact Dearing at 410-766-4667or NeomaDearing@gmail.com or Rita Ketchum at 410-969-7449 or Ritakaye1@verizon.net.
Valentine dance
The Glen Burnie United Methodist Church youth group will serve a Valentine dinner from 5 to 7 p.m. Saturday in the church social hall. 5 Second Ave. S.E.
Tickets are $15 per couple. For details, call 410-761-4381.
Pascal Senior Center
Sounds from the Heart, a vocal quartet sings love songs and variety music from the 50's and 60s at 12:30 p.m. Thursday at the Pascal Senior Center, 125 Dorsey Road.
• George Garris and Friends perform country and rock 12:30 to 2 p.m. Friday.
For details, call 410-222-6680.
Meetings
Former Maryland Secretary of State John Willis, the author two books on Maryland politics and the electoral college and a professor at McDaniel College will discuss the electoral college at the District 32 Clubs monthly meeting Thursday night.
Dinner will be served at 7 p.m. Cost is $7. The business meeting begins at 8 p.m.
Membership dues are $15. The club meets on the third Thursday, except for July and August in the Ferndale Volunteer Fire Company hall, 4 S. Broadview Blvd.
For details, contact Tom Dixon at 410-672-2837 or tomdixon13@hotmail.com.
Frankel-y this job sounds like a nightmare.
Virtuoso assistant-terrorizer Bethenny Frankel is on the hunt for a new minion.
She posted an ad online seeking a helper to “manage dog's schedule,” “maintain upcoming wardrobe queue” and take pictures of Frankel “and pets to provide content for social media.”
The successful candidate, says the listing, must be “able to travel to the second home in the Hamptons as needed” (naturally) and that “hours will be full-time Monday through Friday, however hours may vary depending on needs of the home.” (Read: Hope you don't plan on sleeping.)
The lucky lackey is also expected to be “onsite with CEOs for glam” (whatever that means), “coordinate daily looks” and have “a tough skin.” She's not kidding. The reality star and diet cocktail impresario goes through aides like President Trump goes through press secretaries.
After we checked in with her rep, Frankel tweeted, “Hey @pagesix since you asked, I'm hiring additional thick skinned assistants who can handle pressure, a serious businesswoman & an opportunity to rival a business school education. If you know anyone, let us know. We're expanding our team by the minute as the brand expands.”
The United States expressed confidence on Wednesday that it could address South Korean concerns over the U.S. deployment of its THAAD missile defence system, as officials looked to a June 29-30 trip by South Korean President Moon Jae-in to Washington.
WASHINGTON: The United States expressed confidence on Wednesday that it could address South Korean concerns over the U.S. deployment of its THAAD missile defence system, as officials looked to a June 29-30 trip by South Korean President Moon Jae-in to Washington.
"I think we are going to find a way forward. As you know the President of South Korea is visiting here shortly and we are trying to resolve this, so just (that) we have clarity on the way ahead," Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told a Senate hearing.
(Reporting by Phil Stewart and Idrees Ali)
Baghdad (AFP) Feb 14, 2017 - Thousands of Iraqis, mostly supporters of prominent cleric Moqtada Sadr, gathered in Baghdad Tuesday to pay their respects to seven people killed last week during a protest for electoral reform.
Wearing black and waving Iraqi flags, the crowd laid flowers on mock coffins during a large but peaceful ceremony in the Iraqi capital's Tahrir square, where Saturday's deadly rally also took place.
"What happened was a tragedy but it was for the country and for the fight against corruption," said Gailan Kadhem, a 22-year-old man.
On February 11, thousands of Sadr supporters and other Iraqis staged a demonstration demanding the country's election commissioners be replaced and the electoral law overhauled.
The protest turned violent when some demonstrators tried to force their way through a security cordon to head to the seat of the electoral commission in the heavily fortified Green Zone.
Sadr supporters had already broken into the Green Zone twice last year -- storming parliament and the prime minister's office -- and police met Saturday's protesters with rubber-coated bullets and tear gas.
According to Ibrahim al-Jaberi, a senior Baghdad official in the movement of the Najaf-based Sadr, seven demonstrators were killed in the chaos.
Hospital sources told AFP that they had confirmed a death toll of eight following the protest, the deadliest of its kind in years.
"In other countries in the world, the security forces use water cannons to deal with demonstrators when they need to," said Jaberi. "In Iraq, it's bullets. That's why we had a large number of martyrs."
"They are dead but our demands are still alive," he said.
The wave of anti-corruption protests Sadr's movement led last year was halted when Iraqi forces launched an offensive to retake Mosul from the Islamic State group in their largest military operation in years.
- UN warning -
But the political agenda came back to the fore when Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's cabinet announced last month that provincial elections would take place in September.
Demonstrators have argued that the Independent High Electoral Commission (IHEC) was anything but independent and that all of its members were affiliated to dominant political parties.
They also want a change in the electoral law, which favours those same parties over smaller ones.
The United Nations secretary general's representative in Iraq, Jan Kubis, on Tuesday warned against any threats to the electoral commission's members but called for swift electoral change.
Until it is replaced, the commission "must be enabled and empowered to fulfil its constitutional mandate free from interference and intimidation," he said in a statement.
He urged parliament to "finalise the ongoing review" of the election law and the electoral commission.
Kubis said that would follow the "principles of democracy and the rule of law when responding to the wishes of many Iraqis to introduce a profound reform of electoral process and institutions."
More protests are planned but Haidar al-Halfi, from Sadr's office, said the influential cleric had given orders to ensure all gatherings remained peaceful.
On Saturday, after a peaceful start to the rally, the protesters received a de facto green light to escalate the situation in the shape of a statement from Sadr saying that those who wanted to move towards the Green Zone could do so.
SHERIDAN — The annual Relay for Life event will take place Saturday at Whitney Commons in Sheridan.
The event is a fundraiser for the American Cancer Society. This event is free and open to the public.
Celebrate survivors, remember those lost and those fighting the fight against cancer. Dinner for survivors and their caregivers will begin at 5 p.m. with opening ceremonies beginning at 6 p.m.
The evening will also include a luminaria ceremony and closing ceremony. The event will wrap up late Saturday night.
Registration is not required to attend, but if you want to create a team or help fundraise, you can register at www.relayforlife.org/sheridanwy.
SINGAPORE: A monitor lizard spotted taking a leisurely swim at Jurong East Swimming Complex's lazy river on Monday (Feb 13) has been captured and released.
Facebook user Enul Uhibbuki posted video of the incident on Tuesday and the video has garnered more than 3,000 shares as of Wednesday evening.
According to Sport Singapore which manages the swimming complex, the metre-long monitor lizard was spotted at about 3pm on Monday when the swimming complex was closed for its weekly pool maintenance.
Sport Singapore added that only staff, contractors and cleaners were present when the monitor lizard was sighted, and no one was hurt. Its pest control vendor who was on-site captured the animal and released it into the wild.
The pool was subsequently cleaned and water quality tests were run to ensure the pool was fit for patrons' use the next day, Sport Singapore added.
“We are investigating the matter and will ensure our facilities continue to be safe for our patrons. We assure everyone that their safety is our top priority and the hygiene level at our pools strictly adhere to the required standards,” said Mr Ramasess Ramakrishnan, Centre Manager, Jurong East Sports Centre.
Channel NewsAsia has reached out to the Animal Concerns Research and Education Society (ACRES) for comment.
CHEYENNE-Wyo. — A former Wyoming livestock investigator is suing the Wyoming Livestock Board and its former director, alleging workplace discrimination and retaliation for prior complaints.
The lawsuit was filed Dec. 1 in U.S. District Court on behalf of Jimmy Dean Siler by Cheyenne attorney Scott Homar. It alleges that former Wyoming Livestock Board Director Leanne Correll sought to systematically reorganize, reduce and dismantle the livestock law enforcement division to retailiate against Siler and other male enforcement officers.
Correll declined to comment on the pending litigation and Wyoming Livestock Board Director Steve True didn't return calls seeking comment.
The lawsuit outlines a string of alleged discrmination by Correll and others that culminated in a recommendation to eliminate the law enforcement division through a budget bill in the Wyoming Legislature. That request was granted earlier this year.
Livestock enforcement officers were charged with enforcing cattle rustling laws, ensuring humane treatment of livestock and overseeing livestock transporation across state lines.
Siler had been the livestock enforcement manager for about five years when Correll took over as director in 2011.
Recommended Stories For You
In 2012, Siler and other male employees were denied monetary bonuses after poor work performance evaluations.
All female employees under Correll's purview were given the extra money.
Siler subsequently filed a grievance with human resources, alleging, in part, gender discrimination.
Shortly after Siler's complaint, Correll asked the human resources director how she could demote Siler, according to the complaint. she was told she couldn't demote him without reorganizing the division.
"Subsequently, Defendant Correll went on a systematic campaign with the (livestock board) to reorganize (reduce) and/or dismantle the law enforcement division," the complaint states. "The reorganization would place Defendant Correl in (Siler's) position and demote or remove the male law enforcement personnel."
As part of that reorganization, Siler was demoted from a managerial position to an investigator, resulting in a pay cut of $11,000 per year.
During that time, two other male employees were "outspoken against their treatment by Leanne Correll." One of them who was an at-will employee, was fired, according to the lawsuit. The other was demoted, taking a $1,300 monthly pay cut.
A 2014 complaint with the federal Equal Employment Opporunity Commission found that "there is probable cause to believe discrimination occurred in the conduct of complaintant's performance evaluation, according to the lawsuit.
Within a week of Siler's demotion, Correll took over his position, "even though she had no law enforcement background or training." She took a $6,000 annual raise.
Following that reorganization, Correll and the Wyoming Livestock Board recommended the removal of the law enforcement division, giving inaccuate information in order to convince lawmakers that the division was no longer needed, the lawsuit states.
The bill removed three of the four full-time livestock investigators.
Initial plans said their last day would be Dec. 31, 2017, but the livestock board eliminated those positions four months early, officially on Aug. 31, according to Wyoming Public Employee Association Director Betty Jo Beardsley, who was in contact with all three terminated employees.
All three men would have been eligible for retirement in 2018, according to a newsletter from the Public Employees Association.
Through the years, Siler issued several complaints with the Wyoming Livestock Board and Wyoming Department of Human Resources about gender discrimination and "inapropriate advances and relationships between Defendant Correll and individuals associated with the (livestock board)."
In addition to a judgement that discrimination took place, Siler is seeking back pay and benefits, compensatory damages, exemplary and/or punitive damages and attorney's fees.
German trade union IG Metall on Monday said a first round of wage talks at Volkswagen failed to produce a result, adding it was disappointed the carmaker did not present a counter-offer to its demand for a 6-percent wage hike.
FRANKFURT: German trade union IG Metall on Monday said a first round of wage talks at Volkswagen failed to produce a result, adding it was disappointed the carmaker did not present a counter-offer to its demand for a 6-percent wage hike.
"The fact that Volkswagen is doing so well despite the diesel issue is, to a great extent, due to the outstanding efforts of its employees," said IG Metall regional head and lead negotiator Thorsten Groeger.
The demands by IG Metall reflect growing self-confidence among trade unions as Europe's biggest economy is set to grow by roughly 2 percent this year and unionists say employees should get a fair share of the success.
The 6 percent pay demand compares with a national claim for 5 percent in the last round in early 2016, which resulted in a 2.8 percent increase on Sept. 1, 2016 and a further 2.0 percent on Aug. 1, 2017 for workers at Volkswagen.
IG Metall, Germany's most powerful union, is also calling for an improvement in the group's pension scheme and the increased hiring of trainees to cope with challenges to the auto industry including digitalization.
"We will only be able to invest in the future if we have costs under control," Martin Rosik, head of human resources of the Volkswagen Passenger Car brand, said in a separate statement, calling for a "reasonable pay settlement".
Advertisement
Advertisement
Volkswagen last month raised its mid-term outlook for group profit and sales.
"Management should think carefully whether to continue this path of escalation or talk to the labor side in a reasonable way. We are ready," said Bernd Osterloh, head of Volkswagen's works council. Wage talks will continue on Jan. 11, 2018.
(Reporting by Christoph Steitz; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
LOS ANGELES: The rise of Tiki culture in the 1950s America in the aftermath of World War Two is explored in a new exhibit that opened Friday in Los Angeles.
"The Art of Tiki" exhibition, at the La Luz de Jesus Gallery in the Los Angeles neighbourhood of Los Feliz, is showcasing everything from Tiki-style furniture and totems to modern art, based on cultural artefacts from Polynesia and Melanesia.
"Some of the pieces have elements of sci-fi. Some pieces have elements of other mid-century that aren't really Tiki but because they come from that same era, seem somehow familiar and they're really good neighbours," gallery director Matt Kennedy told Reuters.
For twenty years, Tiki items first brought over to the U.S. by American soldiers that served in the South Pacific, found their way into American houses until it was deemed culturally insensitive, Kennedy said. It re-emerged in pop culture through Tiki-themed bars.
The exhibition runs until Oct. 29.
(Reporting by Rollo Ross for Reuters TV; Editing by Piya Sinha-Roy and David Gregorio)
Advertisement
ACCRA: Ghana's President Nana Akufo-Addo has taken power with ambitious plans to revive once spectacular economic growth, only to discover a US$1.6 billion hole in the budget and a deficit twice as high as expected. He may have a strong sense of deja vu.
The country has a vigorous democracy, with voters ready to eject any leader who falls short of expectations. But for a third successive time, the national finances have gone off track before elections, forcing the winner to confront a fiscal crunch.
With Ghana more than halfway through a three-year International Monetary Fund programme, the new government must reveal in its first budget next month how it intends to restore financial discipline while staying true to Akufo-Addo's election promises to boost growth and fight poverty.
Akufo-Addo entered office last month on pledges to spend the equivalent of US$1 million a year on development in each of Ghana's 275 parliamentary constituencies, build a dam in every village to ensure reliable water supplies and bring a factory to every district.
In winning a big victory in December over incumbent John Mahama, he also promised to cut taxes. His plan is to stimulate private sector investment to raise economic growth - which peaked at 14 percent in 2011 - back into double digits from around 4 percent last year.
The government said last week it would follow through on its promise to make secondary school education free.
It has adopted a triple track approach: preparing the budget, reassuring investors who are major holders of Ghana's local currency and dollar debt that it will not overspend, and holding fresh talks with the IMF.
Finance Minister Ken Ofori-Atta acknowledges the balancing act. "One thing that I can commit to is there will be discipline. One thing that I can also assure you is that we are pro-private sector," he told reporters.
"(But) you cannot win a sweeping mandate of this nature where the cry out there is for jobs and come and have a budget that does not seem to address that," added Ofori-Atta, a former investment banker.
"UNCHECKED OVERSPENDING"
While the budget crises have coincided with the four-yearly election cycle, Ghana does not entirely fit the model of struggling governments spending freely just before voting in the hope of holding on to power.
The fiscal blowout in the 2012 election year was largely due to pay rises for civil servants. But this was part of a long-term wage reform agreed by government and opposition parties.
The current overshoot has several causes. Shortly before his defeat after only one full term in office, Mahama toured the country opening new schools, roads and bridges. But many of these projects, and spending on them, had been underway for several years.
Revealing that the new government had inherited debt from state-owned enterprises and government ministries of at least 7 billion cedis (US$1.6 billion), Ofori-Atta said "unchecked overspending" was part of the problem but he also blamed decreased revenue.
Ghana's boom years were fuelled by exports of oil, gold and cocoa. The 2014-15 dive in commodity prices hit it hard, along with a technical fault that halted production last year at its Jubilee oil field, operated by British company Tullow..
The US$918 million IMF programme of 2015 was designed to stabilise state finances and the wider economy. Last year the IMF and the previous government repeatedly said that budgetary targets would be respected.
Under the IMF deal, the 2016 deficit was supposed to be the equivalent of 5.25 percent of annual gross domestic product, but it came in at around 9 percent.
Some foreign investors are willing to give the new government the benefit of the doubt. "We do see growth continuing to improve over the next 12-24 months. We do believe that the new administration is fiscally conservative, that they are investing in positive net present value projects like infrastructure," said Arif Joshi, emerging markets debt portfolio manager at Lazard Asset Management in New York.
Ravi Bhatia, an analyst at Standard & Poor's credit ratings agency, said the deficit appeared "sizeable but not humongous".
But others are less sanguine about the missed targets. "They promised they would be fiscally responsible and intentions seemed good, so it was a bit of a let-down. My feeling is Ghana for the time being is dead money," said Uday Patnaik, head of emerging debt at Legal and General Investment Management.
Elisa Parisi-Capone, a senior analyst at Moody's ratings agency, said the initial IMF plan was now unachievable and would have to be adjusted.
The government has discussed the possibility of trying to seek an extension of the IMF deal beyond April 2018 but no decision has been taken, a senior government official told Reuters on Tuesday.
The IMF said after a visit last week to Accra that it estimated 2016 growth would be slightly higher than its initial forecasts, but inflation was falling more slowly than expected and the deficit was higher.
"SUPERVISED THE ROT"
Almost two years into the programme, annual inflation was 15.4 percent in December. Public debt is over 70 percent of GDP, while the cedi currency has fallen more than 45 percent against the dollar since the end of 2013 to near historic lows.
Mark Assibey-Yeboah, chairman of parliament's finance committee, told Reuters that the IMF must share the blame. "The IMF has supervised the rot. Which indicators have shown improvement? None of the targets have been met," said Assibey-Yeboah, a member of the president's New Patriotic Party.
One senior source close to the programme said success was crucial for the IMF's reputation. "Ghana has to be in good shape at the end of the programme, otherwise the IMF has failed as an institution," said the source, who declined to be identified.
The IMF said the programme had reduced economic imbalances and engendered confidence. It noted in an email to Reuters that the deficit had dropped from 10 percent in 2014 to 7 percent in 2015 and the currency had stabilised.
However, it added that the deficit had deteriorated last year mainly due to poor oil and non-oil revenue performance and large expenditure overruns. "Stronger efforts will be required to achieve the targeted fiscal consolidation," it said.
Exotix Partners, an investment firm for frontier and illiquid markets, downgraded its recommendation on some of Ghana's debt to hold from buy, pending the government's response to its fiscal situation.
One senior official in the ruling party said the bad economic news might offer the government a political advantage by enabling it to dampen expectations and buy time.
So far, voters seem relatively patient. "Reducing taxes will bring in investment and help businesses to employ people," said Aziz Ziblim, who holds a degree in communications and is one of tens of thousands of unemployed graduates in the country.
"It is not only the government that will do things. It's also the private sector," he said.
(Additional reporting by Kwasi Kpodo in Accra, Sujata Rao in London and Dion Rabouin in New York; Editing by Ed Cropley and David Stamp)
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan on Monday (Aug 14) celebrated 70 years of independence from British India with a patriotic display including a giant flag and a show of airpower, as the military's top brass vowed to wipe out terrorists hours before a new bomb attack killed six soldiers.
Celebrations began at the stroke of midnight with firework shows in major cities.
At the highly symbolic Wagah eastern border crossing with India, army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa raised a massive national flag on a 122-metre pole as crowds chanted patriotic slogans.
Following the chest-thumping performance Bajwa said the country was making progress and promised to "go after each and every terrorist in Pakistan".
"We have made a few mistakes in the past, but we are on the road to development under the guidance of our constitution," he added.
Later on Monday a roadside bomb in restive Balochistan province's Harnai district killed six paramilitary soldiers and wounded two others, a spokesman for the troops said. The separatist Baluch Liberation Army claimed responsibility in a telephone call to AFP.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The attack came days after a powerful bomb targeted a military vehicle in the provincial capital Quetta late Saturday, killing 14 people including several troops.
The military later said the blast, claimed by the Islamic State group, was intended to mar independence day celebrations.
Pakistan also faces fresh political turmoil after the Supreme Court last month sacked Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif following an investigation into corruption allegations against his family.
In Islamabad his newly-elected successor Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, along with top generals and foreign dignitaries, presided over a 31-gun salute and flag-raising ceremony to mark the holiday.
"The independence that we got 70 years ago was the fruit of the exemplary struggle of our ancestors," said Abbasi in an address to the nation. "Thousands of Muslims have made sacrifices for our future and the future of our children."
Further south in Karachi the day began with a changing of the guard at the mausoleum of the country's founder Mohammad Ali Jinnah, where politicians and military commanders laid floral wreaths.
The portrait of Muhammad Ali Jinnah is seen at the India-Pakistan Wagah border post as a Pakistani Ranger (top) unfurls the national flag on Independence Day. (Photo: AFP/Narinder Nanu)
'LONG LIVE PAKISTAN'
The skies above the capital were later streaked with multicoloured smoke as the air force hosted Pakistan's largest air show to date.
Fighter jets criss-crossed over the leafy capital in aerobatic manoeuvres as thousands packed shoulder-to-shoulder applauded from a park below. Planes from close allies Saudi Arabia and Turkey also took part.
In Lahore students cruised through the eastern city's streets on motorbikes waving flags and screaming "Long live Pakistan!"
Up north in the Swat valley near the restive border with Afghanistan celebrations were more subdued, with events at schools cancelled due to "prevailing law and order" issues.
In nearby Peshawar, the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Christians held special services at a church and freed doves to mark the holiday.
"Four years back my father and brother died in this church in a suicide attack, but I am still here praying for my beloved country," schoolteacher Neelam Anwar told AFP.
In August 1947 the British Raj was dismantled with the subcontinent divided into two independent states - Hindu-majority India and Muslim-majority Pakistan.
Millions were uprooted in one of the largest mass migrations in history, with experts estimating at least one million died in the communal violence unleashed by partition.
The carnage sowed the seeds of the acrimony that led to three wars, and generations later this defining moment in the subcontinent's history is still polarised by nationalism and rancour.
The countries still wrangle over a large part of their shared border, especially in disputed Kashmir. They even recognise their independence from British rule on separate days, with Pakistan claiming August 14th and India celebrating the following day.
Sadio Mane believes Liverpool are good enough to win every game between now and the end of the season, insisting the club are in a “good way”.
After embarking on the longest unbeaten run of the Jurgen Klopp era in recent months, Liverpool have struggled since inflicting a first league defeat on Manchester City two weeks ago.
The 18-match unbeaten run coming to an end in surprising fashion at struggling Swansea, before Liverpool were knocked out of the FA Cup by West Brom at Anfield.
Victory over Huddersfield in midweek, coupled with Chelsea's shock loss at home to Bournemouth, ensured the Reds jumped to third, two points ahead of Tottenham in fifth prior to their meeting at Anfield on Sunday.
Mane, speaking to Sky Sports, believes that while any talk of a title challenge is premature, the team are confident against any opposition.
“Of course we want to win every game, Mane said. “But sometimes it is difficult to play against teams who just drop back and try to defend.
“Against big teams, it can be complicated, but like I have always said, we can beat any team in the league, even in the world. It will be a tough game, but it is possible to win.
“It is too early to talk about winning any titles, but our aim is to try and win every single game until the end of the season – why not?
“The team spirit is great, we are all happy to be playing alongside each other. There have been some difficult years here, but that happens to every single club in the world. We are in a good way now, so everything is possible.”
Mane reserved special praise for Liverpool's record signing Virgil van Dijk, despite seeing his former team-mate benched for the midweek success at Huddersfield.
“He is a great player,” Mane added. “I know him very well from my time at Southampton. He is a very good addition for us and we are very happy to have him in the team.
“He is doing well. He is strong and technically good. He reads the game well and wants to win every single ball.”
Mane himself has suffered from injury and suspension absences this campaign, hampering his effectiveness in front of goal. Mane's tally of just six league goals is dwarfed by Mohamed Salah's impressive return of 19, but Mane is adamant there is still time for him to catch up.
“There have been some difficult weeks for me,” Mane added. “It is part of football. All I can do is do my best, score goals, give assists and do my best for my team.
“We still have many games to play, it is too early to speak about how many goals I will get this season.”
Here are four takeaways from the New England Patriots' 27-20 loss to the Miami Dolphins in Week 14 at Hard Rock Stadium:
1. Patriots go painfully deep on defense
Marquis Flowers, Jonathan Freeny, Trevor Reilly, Adam Butler, Eric Lee and Jordan Richards were some of the more prominent players on the Patriots defense on Monday night. Those guys aren't familiar to the average fan, but they will be among the team's snap leaders on the game sheet.
In other words, New England's defense is depleted.
No Dont'a Hightower, no Trey Flowers, no Kyle Van Noy and no Alan Branch, who left the game with an injury.
The attrition showed. To start the game, the defense was bending and not breaking. Eventually, they snapped, as “next man up” only went so far.
2. Patriots defensive starters take a step back
Even with unfamiliar faces, there were plenty of starters on the field for the Patriots. Elandon Roberts, Stephon Gilmore, Malcolm Butler, Devin McCourty, Jonathan Jones and Duron Harmon contributed. It would have been hard for them to replicate the excellent performance they put together in Week 12. But this performance was well below the standard they set in that game.
Butler got beat badly for a jump-ball touchdown by a 5-foot-6 receiver, Jakeem Grant. Roberts struggled mightily defending Kenyan Drake, who finished just a hair shy of 200 yards from scrimmage. Jones got benched in favor of Eric Rowe after Jarvis Landry was productive as a check-down option and ended up in the end zone twice.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Patriots Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
3. Josh McDaniels has to lean heavily on running backs without Gronk (or Julian Edelman)
The Patriots receivers didn't touch the ball until the second half. New England instead relied on the running backs in the first half for 18 of their first 19 touches.
Brandin Cooks, in particular, was underwhelming. Not only did he finish with just one reception, but Tom Brady was intercepted twice when targeting the speedster. Cooks, who is typically excellent at shielding defensive backs on deep balls, did not fight back to the ball on the pair of underthrown balls by Brady.
Chris Hogan also didn't impress in his first game back since Week 8. He finished with one catch for one yard. He also failed to haul in a red zone target in the final minutes that might have given New England some life for a comeback.
4. What's up with Brady?
The excuse was pretty simple: Brady didn't have Rob Gronkowski or Julian Edelman.
But Brady's struggles went well beyond the absence of his favorite pass catchers. Even with open receivers not named Edelman nor Gronk, Brady was inaccurate. He missed his receivers numerous times and couldn't get settled in the pocket at any point. He was pressured constantly, and heaved a handful of desperation balls.
It's rare to cringe at Brady's throws. But that happened early and often on Monday night.
SINGAPORE: Enfagrow A+ Malaysia has issued a statement informing consumers how to identify packets of fake infant formula that were sold in Johor Baru.
In a Facebook post on Monday (Dec 11), Enfagrow A+ Malaysia said that the only affected product is the Enfalac A+ Step 1 in 1.8 kg boxes that included three foil packs in each box.
The easiest way to identify the counterfeit product is to examine the individual foil pouches, the company said.
The genuine Enfalac A+ Step 1 pouches are a bit "puffy" while the counterfeit pouches are tight-fitting to the powder.
The pouches also have distinctive sharp creases on both sides that are not present in genuine pouches, the company said.
The fake infant formula boxes were only sold in Iskandar Puteri, Taman Mutiara Rini, Taman Orkid, and Taman Nusa Bestari.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"An extensive market search has confirmed no suspect product except for this specific packaging format in this limited geographic area," the company said.
So far, only 210 counterfeit packs were discovered, but the company said investigations are ongoing to completely eliminate their presence. The retail searches conducted this past week were based on information and investigation results provided by its manufacturer Mead Johnson Nutrition.
"The searches identified a small percentage of suspect product in a handful of retail outlets within a limited geography in Skudai, Johor Baru," it said.
The statement also said that the Malaysian authorities are actively pursuing the counterfeiting operation.
The Malaysian authorities raided five premises in Johor Baru after complaints were received from original milk producers. (Photo: Bernama)
If consumers discover that they have purchased pouches of Enfalac A+ Step 1 1.8 kg with packaging matching that of a fake one, they should immediately contact the Mead Johnson consumer care line at 1 800 88 3585 (available Monday to Sunday 9.am - 9pm) to report their case and receive replacement product.
Consumers that have already opened the packaging can also contact Mead Johnson for a replacement product.
Singapore's Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority (AVA) on Monday warned that consumers should be cautious when they shop for food overseas or online.
“Consumers have a role in protecting themselves. As a general guide, consumers should purchase food from reputable sources, such as major supermarkets and retailers,” AVA said.
“Shopping for food overseas or online may be convenient but consumers should exercise caution,” it added. “Consumers must be aware that there may be food safety risks associated with such food items. When in doubt of the source or safety of the food product, do not purchase it.”
Archbishop Spalding's Jordan Moore might not have thought she'd have a very busy day on Tuesday.
When called upon, though, she was more than ready.
Moore took over for starting pitcher Makenzie Maenner in the top of the second inning of Tuesday's Interscholastic Athletic Association of Maryland A Conference contest with McDonogh. She retired the first 10 hitters she faced and ended up giving just one earned run on three hits in six innings in the Cavaliers' 3-1 victory over the Eagles.
Archbishop Spalding (9-3 overall, 7-0 A Conference) wrapped up the top seed in the upcoming conference tournament and defeated McDonogh for the second time this year.
After Moore started the last game against McDonogh, Maenner got the start on Tuesday but was forced to exit due to injury after retiring the side in order in the top of the first.
“I knew there was a chance I'd have to go in. If one person starts, the other person should be ready because you never know what's going to happen,” said Moore, who had started five games prior to Tuesday. “She did really well in the first inning, so it was a shock. It's always nice to get some innings.”
Photo Highlights from Annapolis Capital's coverage of Anne Arundel High School Sports.
After sending the Eagles down in order in the top of the second, Moore tripled and scored on a two-out single from Sarah Slaton for the game's first run. Moore, meanwhile, struck out three of the first six hitters she faced and didn't give up a hit or a baserunner until there was one out in the fifth. She hit a batter in the top of the sixth, then gave up a run on two hits in the top of the seventh before retiring the potential tying run to improve to 4-2.
“She (Maenner) has had a little bit of a nagging injury, then it just seemed to flare up today,” Spalding coach Nicki Trumpler said. “In every game, we make sure that both are loose because you never know what's going to happen. They've split a lot of time this year, so it's good for both of them to get the experience.”
The Cavaliers added a pair of important insurance runs in the bottom of the sixth inning when Caroline Wasko led off with a walk and scored on Angela Sena's double. After a pair of outs, Maddie Burns singled in Sena with the Cavaliers' third run.
“I definitely felt better because they were starting to time me a little bit,” Moore said. “The rain was coming and it was hard to grip the ball and throw a lot of strikes. Having those extra runs was very helpful and a lot more calming.”
Spalding has one conference game remaining with Mount de Sales on May 1. The Cavaliers have a loaded out-of-conference schedule this year and will play Northern, Elizabeth Seton and Winter's Mill prior to the playoffs, which will begin on May. 8. As the top seed, they'll only have to win a semifinal home game to advance to the final.
“You always want to be play on your home field because you practice on it and there really aren't any surprises,” Trumpler said. “It's good to have home field advantage for sure.”
Lauren Fish singled home Kearstyn Chapman, who had doubled to lead off the seventh, for the Eagles' only run. Sophia Martinez had the other hit for McDonogh (6-5), while Chapman gave up six hits and struck out six in six innings of work.
McDonogh (6-5) 000 000 1 — 1
Spalding (9-3) 010 002 x — 3
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
West Ham United manager David Moyes is sensitive towards goalkeeper Joe Hart's situation but adamant that his team selection is based purely on getting results for the club.
REUTERS: West Ham United manager David Moyes is sensitive towards goalkeeper Joe Hart's situation but adamant that his team selection is based purely on getting results for the club.
Hart, who is on loan from Manchester City, was replaced by Adrian for West Ham's defeat by the Premier League leaders this month and the Spaniard's performance earned him a starting role in the shock 1-0 win over champions Chelsea.
Moyes looks likely to stick with Adrian for Wednesday's game against Arsenal but a continued lack of first-team action will leave Hart in danger of losing out on a place in England's World Cup squad.
"I always have compassion for the players as well, that's why it wasn't an easy decision on Joe," Moyes told reporters. "But, ultimately, it's West Ham I have to get results for.
"He wasn't happy. I told him the reason why and that happens at clubs all over the country. It's a manager's job. When I came in, I said I will tell you straight, I wouldn't kid anybody."
West Ham are 18th in the table.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Joe is incredibly experienced. World Cup, Champions League football," Moyes said.
"So he's such an important player for us... he wants to play but I've got to do what's best for West Ham, pick the players I think will get us a result."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
LONDON: Last year turned out to be a disappointing one for new drug approvals with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration clearing just 22 new medicines for sale, the lowest number since 2010 and sharply down on 2015's tally of 45.
Across the Atlantic, the European Medicines Agency recommended 81 new prescription products against a 2015 total of 93. Unlike the FDA, the EMA includes generic drugs in its list.
The slowdown suggests the pharmaceuticals industry may be returning to more normal productivity levels after a spike in approvals in 2014 and 2015, when the haul of new drugs reaching the market hit a 19-year high.
Several factors led to the fall in the approval rate in 2016, John Jenkins, the FDA's director of the office of new drugs, told a conference last month.
Notably, five new drugs that had been scheduled for approval in 2016 ended up winning an early green light at the end of 2015. There was also a decline in drugs being filed for approval and the FDA rejected or delayed more applications in 2016 than in the previous two years.
Some of the delayed drugs may yet go on to win approval in 2017, including Roche's multiple sclerosis treatment Ocrevus and Sanofi and Regeneron's sarilumab for rheumatoid arthritis.
Most industry executives remain upbeat about the hunt for new medicines, given recent advances in fighting cancer and an improved understanding of the genetic basis of other diseases, which has resulted in full development pipelines at many firms.
But it remains challenging to get new drugs through the approval process and to secure a decent financial return once they are launched, given resistance from healthcare insurers and governments to the rising cost of medical treatment.
According to consultancy Deloitte, returns on research and development investment at the top 12 pharmaceutical companies fell to just 3.7 percent in 2016 from a high of 10.1 percent in 2010.
Increasing political pressure over the high prices of many modern medicines is a growing challenge at a time when biotech and pharma companies are developing more drugs targeted at niche patient populations.
The issue is exemplified by the last drug to win FDA approval in 2016. Spinraza, from Biogen and Ionis Pharmaceuticals, is the first medicine to treat patients with spinal muscular atrophy, a rare and often fatal genetic disease. It comes at a huge cost of US$125,000 per dose.
That price, implying a total cost of US$625,000 to US$750,000 for patients in the first year and US$375,000 in subsequent years, is likely to invite "a storm of criticism, up to and including Presidential tweets", according to Leerink analysts.
President-elect Donald Trump has vowed to bring down drug prices.
For a graphic on U.S. FDA drug approvals, click: http://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/rngs/USA-DRUGS/01M0110L20G/USA-DRUGS-01.jpg
(Editing by Louise Heavens)
A dream of establishing a continental free trade area in Africa has slipped back again after a last-minute decision by Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari not to attend the summit in Rwanda where an agreement was set to be finalised. South Africa, the other large economic player on the continent, also has its reservations. By CARIEN DU PLESSIS.
There was a hint of dejection as ministers filed into the beehive-shaped Kigali Convention Centre on Monday morning, in the midst of the rainy season, to hammer out the details of the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) agreement.
The special summit was called by Rwandan president Paul Kagame, who this year also chairs the African Union, and talk in the weeks ahead of the gathering was that the agreement only needed a few final touches and that everyone was on board.
It was supposed to be the breakthrough Africa needed before finally rising, and the no-nonsense Kagame was the one to drive this.
The process started in 2012, and free trade was already supposed to have been a thing by 2017, so there was a goal to meet.
Ambassadors had on Saturday already pored over the paperwork, and it was up to the ministers to fine-tune it before the presidents arrive on Wednesday to sign the agreement.
After this, it would have to go through individual country processes, such as parliaments, to be ratified and come into force.
On Sunday, however, news came from Nigeria, which was bidding to host the CFTA secretariat and which chaired the technical negotiations team, that president Muhammadu Buhari had abruptly cancelled his trip to Rwanda.
ThisDay reported that he was already on his way to the airport on Saturday, but was then told to turn back. This was after business groups in Nigeria objected to the signing of the agreement, saying there had not been enough consultations.
They feared that Nigeria would be overwhelmed by business from the outside without Nigerians benefiting from it.
Also, incidentally, the country is having presidential elections next year, in which Buhari might be running again, which might explain the sudden – some would say undue – pressure from within.
Still, Nigerian foreign minister Geoffrey Onyeama arrived at the ministers' meeting where he possibly had a lot of explaining to do.
Outside of the fight about where the secretariat should be located (indications were that even though both Nigeria and Ghana made a bid for it, it was decided to have it at the African Union's headquarters of Addis Ababa for now), countries had concerns about the dispute resolution mechanisms in the AfCFTA, and also about whether it would effectively be able to prevent dumping.
That would occur if a country outside Africa used an African country with weak import controls to bring goods in from the outside, using it as a springboard to distribute duty-free to the rest of the continent. Instead of promoting business in Africa, as the AfCFTA is supposed to do, this would undermine it.
South Africa, another leading economy on the continent, also had some reservations about the fine print as well as the Protocol on the Free Movement of People, even though President Cyril Ramaphosa apparently indicated that his pen was ready.
Most of the AU's 55 member states seemed to have no principled objection to signing the agreement and the legal instruments to establish the AfCFTA, which really means nothing much until it's ratified by all. This happens when local laws and regulations are brought into line with the agreement through a parliamentary process.
South African officials on Monday morning were still unclear about whether Ramaphosa would sign the agreement or not, although some in the Nigerian delegation seemed to be under the impression that Ramaphosa would join Buhari in abstaining.
Ramaphosa himself was expected to attend the summit, and he even arranged to arrive earlier on Tuesday afternoon to attend an AU-organised business summit ahead of the heads of state gathering where the agreement would be signed.
On Monday, international relations minister Lindiwe Sisulu was left to deal with the negotiations even as South Africa's brand-new administration was still busy settling into the continental body (this is her first summit in her new position, and it's likely that she would have a few bilaterals with her counterparts from other countries to introduce herself).
There was also reported disagreement on how many states needed to sign the agreement for it to come into force. At the lower end, some said 15 states would be enough, while others wanted at least 37. Leaders could eventually settle for something in between, such as half of the states.
As the meeting broke for lunch on Monday, it still wasn't clear exactly how many states would sign, but an official involved in the negotiations said it was “a good number” and that he was optimistic.
AU Commission chairperson Moussa Faki Mahammat imparted the urgency of getting the AfCFTA going in a hard-hitting opening speech, and he seemed to urge leaders to come to an agreement:
“Our continent is at a crossroads,” he said.
“What path will she choose? That of maintaining the status quo, which means making cosmetic changes relating to borderline adjustments which have no real impact on the lives of our populations, or that of effecting a paradigm shift which requires us to look far into the horizon for a truly integrated Africa?”
This would be “structurally reformed economically, guaranteeing the freedom of movement and settlement to all her daughters and all her sons, as well as offering, in the final analysis, fulfilling and promising living conditions for her youth, in a bid to reverse migratory flows”, he said.
Rwandan foreign minister Louise Mushikiwabo said in her opening speech that the agreement should enter into force as soon as possible, but “with everybody feeling comfortable about it”.
She said the agreement would be to the advantage of Africa, which could then act as “a global player” to promote the continent's economic interests and attract investment, create jobs and improve things for the people.
The official line is that the AfCFTA agreement would grow intra-African trade, which is still lower than trade between African countries and the outside, by 55% by 2022, and Africa's exports to the rest of the world would grow by 6%.
Life would also be better for small cross-border traders.
The agreement would open a market of 1.2 billion people, and is one of the flagship projects of the AU's Agenda 2063, a 50-year plan for a transformed Africa.
The other projects are the Single African Air Transport Market and the Protocol on the Free Movement of People.
Even though the protocol was still in draft on Monday, AU Commissioner for Trade and Industry Albert Muchanga promised that it would be ready for signing when heads of state meet on Wednesday.
The dream, however, would have to be deferred for a little while longer. DM
Photo: President of Rwanda Paul Kagame looks on during a launch of the Single African Air Transport Market at the 30th Ordinary Session of the African Union (AU) Summit in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 29 January 2018. EPA-EFE/STR
Getty Images
The Seahawks have not closed the door on rookie defensive lineman Malik McDowell playing this season. McDowell, injured in a serious ATV accident that left him with head injuries, has a round of assessments later this month that will help determine if he can return in 2017.
“He's got some stuff coming up in the next couple of weeks . . . that he'll get reassessed and all that, just to see where we are,” Seahawks coach Pete Carroll said, via Gregg Bell of The News Tribune. “There's been some conversation, you know, different camps kind of, about where he is and how he's doing. So the check-ups are really important. And we'll just see.
“We have not ruled that thought out, that he can come back.”
McDowell, 21, spent much of training camp at home in Michigan recovering from “a really bad concussion.” He remains on the team's non-football injury list.
Carroll said in August that doctors do not believe McDowell's injuries are career-threatening.
Washington: The United States has warned countries against supporting non-state actors and terrorist groups trying to obtain or employ nuclear weapons.
"The US will hold accountable any state or non-state actor that supports terrorist efforts to obtain or employ a nuclear weapon," Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs, Tom Shannon, told reporters at a Pentagon news conference where the Trump Administration rolled out its 2018 Nuclear Posture Review (NPR).
Neither Shannon nor the NPR report, running into 100 pages, identified any country which could be seen aiding terrorist groups in this regard.
US officials have in the past expressed concern over the possibility of nuclear weapons of Pakistan landing into the hands of non-state actors or terrorist groups and thus has been working with Islamabad in enhancing the security of its nuclear weapons.
Pakistan has repeatedly denied such fears and asserted that its nuclear arsenals are one of the safest and secure ones in the world.
Shannon said that nuclear terrorism remained a major threat in the 21st century and countries need to work to mitigate it.
"The potential threat of non-state actors getting their hands on a nuclear weapon remains at the front of all of our minds," Shannon told reporters at a news conference held at the Pentagon.
Deputy Energy Secretary Dan Brouillette said the US will keep a close watch on nuclear proliferation activities.
"The Department of Energy will continue to focus on nonproliferation, counterproliferation and counterterrorism. Together with our allies and partners, we have enjoyed great, great success in these areas," he said.
In a special section on nuclear terrorism, the report said the US strategy to combat nuclear terrorism encompasses a wide range of activities that comprise a defence-in-depth against current and emerging dangers.
The report said the US would try and prevent terrorists from obtaining nuclear weapons or technology and respond to nuclear incidents by locating and disabling a nuclear device or managing the consequences of a nuclear detonation.
"For effective deterrence, the US will hold fully accountable any state, terrorist group, or other non-state actor that supports or enables terrorist efforts to obtain or employ nuclear devices," the report said.
The report also said that a terrorist nuclear attack against the US or its allies and partners would qualify as an "extreme circumstance" under which the US could consider the "ultimate form of retaliation".
According to the report, the US will continue its efforts to minimise the number of nuclear weapons states, including by maintaining credible US-extended nuclear deterrence and assurance; and deny terrorist organisations access to nuclear weapons and materials.
It will also seek arms control agreements that enhance security, and are verifiable and enforceable.
The US will enhance cooperation with its allies, partners, and international institutions to combat nuclear terrorism, and deterring state support for nuclear terrorism through advanced forensics and attribution capabilities.
Noting that the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) is the cornerstone of the nuclear non-proliferation regime, the report said that nuclear non-proliferation today faces acute challenges.
Most significantly, North Korea is pursuing a nuclear path in direct contravention of the NPT and in direct opposition to numerous UN Security Council resolutions, the report said.
The report also lists Iran as a challenge in terms of nuclear proliferation.
"Although the the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) may constrain Tehran's nuclear weapons program, there is little doubt Iran could achieve a nuclear weapon capability rapidly if it decides to do so," it said.
According to the report, the US will work to increase transparency and predictability to avoid potential miscalculation among nuclear weapons states and other possessor states "..through strategic dialogues, risk-reduction communications channels, and the sharing of best practices related to nuclear weapons safety and security," the report said.
In its report, the Trump administration said, although the US will not seek ratification of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, it will continue to support the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Organization Preparatory Committee (CTBTO) as well as the International Monitoring System and the International Data Center.
"The US will not resume nuclear explosive testing unless necessary to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the US nuclear arsenal, and calls on all states possessing nuclear weapons to declare or maintain a moratorium on nuclear testing," it said.
John Mayer is solidifying himself as one of the greatest thinkers of our time.
On Wednesday, the “Search for Everything” singer proposed a particularly brilliant idea for anyone who's ever been stuck listening to hold music.
“They should let everyone on hold with customer service talk to one another,” Mayer, 39, tweeted.
Some loved the idea, including rapper Post Malone, who called Mayer a “genius.”
Another user quipped, “I work for a telecoms company. I'm taking that idea to work tomorrow!”
Not everyone was impressed, however.
Writer Jesse Berney replied, “When your mind is not a wonderland.”
It's not the first bright idea the singer has shared with the public.
Mayer previously detailed his intricate skincare regimen over Snapchat, and in July revealed that he may well have found the meaning of life.
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” he said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” he said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, he added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” he said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Small businesses will be hit hard: CFIB
ANTONELLA ARTUSO
An economic analysis of proposed labour law changes including a $15-an-hour minimum wage confirms that small businesses are going to get hit hard, the Canadian Federation of Independent Business (CFIB) says.
Julie Kwiecinski, the CFIB's director of provincial affairs in Ontario, said its own member survey shows that one-third are considering shutting down or moving in response to the mandatory wage hikes beginning with a $14-an-hour minimum on Jan. 1.
“Unfortunately, we have felt and seen the government do their eye rolls at us... not believing what we were saying in our survey,” Kwiecinski said Monday. “They're scared, they're worried that this is actually going to start taking effect on Jan. 1.”
A report prepared by the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis (CANCEA), on behalf of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce and the Keep Ontario Working Coalition, says small businesses are five times more likely to be impacted by the new provincial labour legislation than large companies.
The government bill goes before a committee next week when MPPs will have the chance to introduce amendments, she said.
“If people think it's bad now, it could get worse in terms of the cost to business and jobs when the whole process is said and done,” Kwiecinski said.
The Ontario Federation of Labour (OFL) issued a statement Monday dismissing the findings of the CANCEA analysis as “inaccurate, incomplete and just not responsible.”
The “corporate lobby” analysis fails to consider economic benefits to raising the minimum wage such as higher consumer spending and reduced demand on social services, the OFL statement says.
Peer-reviewed economic research has found that contrary to the report's claim that 185,000 jobs are at risk, increases in minimum wage have “very small, if any impacts” on employment levels, the statement says.
CANCEA said in its report that it is independent and does not accept any research funding that requires a pre-determined result or policy stance.
U.S. President Donald Trump, speaking with French President Emmanuel Macron on Friday, discussed joint counterterrorism operations in the Sahel region of Africa, the White House said in a statement.
WASHINGTON: U.S. President Donald Trump, speaking with French President Emmanuel Macron on Friday, discussed joint counterterrorism operations in the Sahel region of Africa, the White House said in a statement.
The U.S. military said earlier on Friday that a fourth soldier was killed during an Oct. 4 attack in Niger, raising the death toll from an incident that has thrown a spotlight on the U.S. counterterrorism mission in the West African nation.
Macron expressed his condolences over the shooting in Las Vegas on Sunday while Trump conveyed his condolences regarding the knife attack in Marseille on Monday, the statement said.
(Reporting by Eric Walsh)
When Dave Johnson first began pretending to do play-by-play of sporting events, he only had to impress one person: His mother.
Mary Lue Johnson suffered from multiple sclerosis and was confined to a wheelchair. Young Dave entertained her by doing his best impression of legendary Orioles broadcaster Chuck Thompson or renowned Washington Bullets announcer Jim Karvellas.
“I clipped the lineups and boxscores out of the newspaper and called an imaginary game for my mother. She was my audience of one,” Johnson said.
Mary Lue Johnson thought her young son was great and encouraged him to continue practicing. Dave Johnson has continually impressed a lot of people ever since en route to the top of his chosen profession.
Johnson's long, distinguished career culminated with his being chosen as radio play-by-play voice of the Washington Wizards in 1997. Considering there are only 30 National Basketball Association franchises, that is quite an accomplishment.
Johnson, who has simultaneously served as sports director at WTOP Radio in Washington, D.C. since 1995, will be inducted into the Anne Arundel County Sports Hall of Fame next Wednesday. The Gambrills native joins a short list of media personalities enshrined that includes Charlie Eckman, Keith Mills and Pat O'Malley.
“This is a tremendous honor and one I never would have expected,” the unassuming and humble Johnson said. “To think it all began in the backseat of my parents car. I can remember riding around and being fascinated by the magic of radio. This is all I've wanted to do since I was six years old.”
Mary Lue Johnson lost her battle with multiple sclerosis in 1979 at the age of 43. Dave Johnson was a sophomore at Arundel High at the time and was devastated.
“Losing my mother was very, very difficult and I lost a lot of confidence as a result,” Johnson said.
It was David Johnson Sr. who provided some direction for his son after he graduated from Arundel in 1981. “I remember my dad saying ‘You always wanted to be a broadcaster so why don't you pursue that?' It made sense to me so I went off to Towson State and did just that,” the younger Dave Johnson said.
As an 18-year-old freshman in college, Johnson landed a job as a weekend anchor on Z96 in Baltimore, which dubbed itself “Your Hit Parade station.” Johnson found himself spinning the records of such famous crooners as Frank Sinatra and Nat King Cole, hearing for the first time songs that he still loves to this day.
“That was my first professional job and put me in position to meet some incredible people that changed my life,” Johnson said. “It provided the perfect launching pad for my career.”
One of the veterans of the broadcasting industry that Johnson met was Bob Bartel, who was with WCAO at the time. Bartel recruited the young student to help produce the weekly show featuring Baltimore Colts Hall of Fame quarterback Johnny Unitas.
“I spent three years producing the Unitas and Fans show from the Golden Arm Restaurant that Johnny owned,” Johnson said. “I didn't get paid a dime, just did it for the experience.”
Bartel never forgot Johnson and eventually gave him paying gigs, such as going to Colts training camp to file reports or producing a pregame feature for broadcasts of Baltimore Stars games. That United States Football League franchise only lasted one season in Maryland, but it provided the up-and-coming Johnson with his first foray into on-air sports announcing.
Johnson would later perform play-by-play for Towson State football, basketball and lacrosse games on the college station (WTMD) and commuted to Annapolis as an undergraduate to work as a disc jockey at WNAV.
It was a crazy time as Johnson was juggling half a dozen broadcasting jobs while also taking a full load of classes. “I realized that if I was ever going to be successful in sports I had to make a full-time commitment,” he said.
Shortly after graduating from Towson State, Johnson took a job as sports director at WNAV in August 1987. The energetic and innovative youngster completely redefined the sports coverage of “your hometown station.”
Johnson greatly expanded WNAV coverage of Navy athletics, doing play-by-play of basketball games and beginning the station's broadcast of lacrosse games. He pushed more coverage of high school athletics, doing a Game of the Week during football and basketball season.
“It was a hectic time and I loved it. I can remember getting off the bus after coming back from a Navy basketball road game and having to rush over to Broadneck High to set up for that night's high school game,” Johnson recalled. “There were some long, crazy days, but it was an awful lot of fun and very rewarding.”
WNAV basically gave Johnson a blank template and allowed him to use a broad brush to paint his own picture of local sports coverage. “I will always treasure my time at WNAV. That is where I developed the skill set that has served me well ever since. I was allowed a lot of freedom and was able to do a lot of different things.”
WTOP, a dominant player in the D.C. market, took notice of what this young hotshot was doing in Annapolis and hired him as an afternoon sports anchor in December 1989. When drive time was over, Johnson was able to go out and cover Baltimore Orioles, Washington Capitals and Washington Wizards games.
“WTOP opened a whole new door as I got the opportunity to go out and cover all the major sporting events in our area,” Johnson said. “I developed some lasting contacts and relationships during that time.”
Johnson took a job as Sports Director of USA Today Sky Radio in 1992, a job that raised his profile even more. That is also around the time he started working at Home Team Sports doing a weekly soccer show and regularly anchoring the Southwest Airlines Sports Desk.
Johnson returned to WTOP a few years later and was promoted to sport director, a post he's held ever since. He still does sport update every half hour during the morning shift (5-11 a.m.) to this day.
“It's been an amazing journey and an incredibly satisfying one. I am so fortunate to be part of an incredibly successful radio station,” Johnson said. “I can't tell you how appreciative I've been of my time at WTOP. It's an environment that is all about doing things the right way.”
NEW YORK (AP) — The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square.
APP USERS | Tap here to watch live coverage.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal.
It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
Sources tell CBS News that at least one person has been arrested, and at least one person has been injured.
“Girls Trip” star Tiffany Haddish ended her sold-out, six-show run at Carolines on Broadway on Sunday by bringing another pioneering comic onstage: Whoopi Goldberg.
We hear Haddish — who grew up in foster care — introduced Goldberg as her “new mama.” EGOT winner Goldberg told the crowd: “Mark my words, she is going win an Oscar someday, because this bitch has earned it.”
Last month, Haddish was the first black female comedian to host “Saturday Night Live.” Her new book is “The Last Black Unicorn.”
SEASON FINALE PART 1 – When Liv (Rose McIver) consumes the brains of someone from Ravi's (Rahul Kohli) past, not only does it have her wanting to sleep with every guy in Seattle, she also begins having some very intimate visions of Ravi. Meanwhile, Major (Robert Buckley) is faced with a huge decision. Malcolm Goodwin, David Anders and Aly Michalka also star. The episode was written by Diane Ruggiero-Wright & John Enbom and directed by Michael Fields (#312). Original airdate: Tuesday, June 20, 2017 @ 9pm
Like this: Like Loading...
A large tour bus parks near St. Martin de Porres Church Jan. 22. The bus is transporting the international Pilgrim Virgin Statue of Fatima from parish to parish in the United States and will be in the Venice Diocese during the latter part of February. (LINDA REEVES | FC)
Nearly a century ago, three small children were tending sheep along the meadows of Fatima, Portugal, when a great light appeared followed by a message of peace from an apparition of the Blessed Virgin Mary. It would be a revelation that would resonate with faithful and war-wearied believers around a world already in upheaval.
Decades later one of two statues commemorating the mystical event, the International Pilgrim Virgin Statue of Our Lady of Fatima, is now on a tour of the United States. The international “Pilgrim Virgin Statue of Fatima,” which was sculpted in 1947 by Jose Thedim and blessed by Pope Paul VI in 1967, is currently on a centennial tour to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the apparitions of Mary at Fatima, Portugal, in 1917. Catholics believe that Mary appeared to three children — Lucia, 10, Francisco, 9 and Jacinta, 7 — and delivered messages.
The statue's custodians — World Apostolate of Fatima U.S.A., based in New Jersey — organized the Florida tour. The beautiful statue, which is making visits to 100 dioceses across America, including within Florida as it toured the dioceses of Pensacola-Tallahassee, St. Augustine, Palm Beach, Orlando and the Miami Archdiocese. In the latter half of February, the statue will tour the Venice Diocese. (See inset box)
Organizers explained that the goal of the touring statue is to spread the message of peace, but also evangelization and promotion of prayer for the conversion of sinners, the message Mary delivered when she appeared in Fatima six times on the 13th of the month from May to October.
Mary asked the children to pray the rosary for the conversion of sinners so that they might repent of their sins and seek God's mercy and forgiveness. Dedicated Catholics here in the diocese and throughout the world pray today as the Blessed Mother instructed.
Catholics believe that during her visits to Fatima, Our Lady predicted World War II and the expansion of communism. She asked the pope and bishops of the world to consecrate Russia to her Immaculate Heart.
In 1946, Pope Pius XII crowned Our Lady of Fatima as Queen of the World. “Through the Pilgrim Virgin,” Pope Pius XII said, “she set forth as though to claim her dominion, and the favors she performs along the way are such that we can hardly believe what we are seeing with our eyes.”
In May 1982, one year after an assassination attempt nearly killed him, Pope John Paul II asked the world's bishops to join him in consecrating Russia to the Immaculate Heart of Mary in thanksgiving for saving his life on May 13, 1981. Seven years after the consecration, the Berlin Wall fell, and in 1991 the Soviet Union collapsed and ceased to exist. On the last day of the apparitions in Fatima, Oct. 13, 1917, the “Miracle of the Sun” took place and more than 70,000 people saw the event. Witnesses' accounts indicated that the sun began to shrink and expand and rotate and spin, and many believed the world was ending. Astronomers to this day cannot explain the occurrence.
The traveling statue is used to promote prayer and penance while commemorating the mysterious apparition. The events of Fatima — including the Miracle of the Sun, as it's known — represents one of the more mystical episodes of faith in modern times for Catholics.
The Blessed Virgin Mary is said to have delivered a series of messages to the three children in Portugal as the European continent was undergoing major political shifts involving war and revolution. In May 1917, the two girls and a boy described seeing a woman bathed in a light and uttering the words, “I come from heaven,” per reports documenting the encounters that drew thousands of people to the town.
Today, a basilica is built near the site where Our Lady appeared in Fatima and millions have visited the popular Catholic destination. Masses are celebrated there and the rosary is recited every day where Our Lady appeared.
For a complete explanation about the Fatima Centennial U.S. Tour for Peace and schedule of tour stops, visit www.fatimatourforpeace.com.
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Another day, another d-man knocked out of the Boston-Ottawa series.
On Monday, the Sens announced that blueliner Mark Borowiecki would miss Game 3 with an apparent leg injury, and be replaced in the lineup by Ben Harpur. Harpur, 22, is in his second season with the Sens and appeared in six games this year, spending most of his time with AHL Binghamton.
The 6-foot-6, 222 rearguards will be making his Stanley Cup playoff debut.
Borowiecki was a regular lineup presence for the Sens this year, so his absence will hurt. He played a career-high 70 games during the regular season, averaging 14:01 TOI per night, and skated over 17 minutes in Ottawa's series-opening loss on Wednesday.
Borowiecki suffered his injury early in Saturday's Game 2, and excited after just three minutes played. Head coach Guy Boucher said the 27-year-old could've returned to the contest, but was held out as a precautionary measure.
As mentioned above, Borowiecki isn't the only d-man to be knocked from this series. Both Colin Miller and Adam McQuaid have missed time for the Bruins, who came into the playoffs down the services of Torey Krug and Brandon Carlo.
Marc Methot, the veteran Sens d-man who missed the opener with a mangled finger, returned to play in Game 2.
If Dan O'Brien had to grade the Navy secondary following spring camp, he would almost be forced to go with a mark of incomplete.
O'Brien rarely had a full complement of defensive backs at his disposal as a variety of injuries caused multiple players to miss most practices. Rising junior cornerback Noruwa Obanor missed all of spring camp because he was recovering from offseason surgery. Two other top corners – rising seniors Jarid Ryan and John Gillis – also missed considerable practice time with nagging ailments.
“At one point we only had three corners practicing,” bemoaned O'Brien, the secondary coach.
Things weren't much better at safety with two members of the pre-spring depth chart – current freshmen Kerrick Jones and Mike Cabrera – limited for most of the 15 practices. Classmate Evan Fochtman showed some things early, but he suffered an injury that required surgery about midway through.
“I've been proud of the safety group because we've been rolling three or four guys most of the spring,” O'Brien said. “We've really pushed the guys that were available and asked them to take a lot of reps.”
O'Brien readily admitted the depth chart won't truly sort itself out until the latter portion of preseason camp in August.
“Nothing is set in stone at corner or safety,” he said. “It's kind of up in the air as to who will be the starters come Week 1 against Hawaii.”
Ryan and classmate Micah Farrar entered the spring atop the depth chart at the two cornerback spots and it appears nothing happened to change that pecking order. Obanor, who showed flashes of ability last season, will have to wait until August training camp to challenge those two seniors.
Navy must replace both starting corners as Elijah Merchant and Tyris Wooten are set to graduate. Wooten was, without question, the most dependable performer in man-to-man coverage and will be sorely missed.
Farrar and Obanor both started off playing special teams before seeing increasing action at corner as the season went along. Obanor started in place of Wooten at Temple while Farrar was on the field quite a bit versus SMU and recorded a career-high five tackles.
Ryan returns to cornerback after being forced to play safety last season due to lack of depth. The Severn School graduate started eight games at free safety and recorded 43 tackles along with three pass breakups. The 5-foot-11, 198-pound Glen Burnie resident had started the final five games of 2016 at corner.
“We had Jarid at safety out of necessity because we were a little banged up there,” O'Brien said. “Jarid played corner the year before and made some big plays. We feel he's better suited to corner and has looked really good there this spring. Hopefully, he'll continue to improve and be a consistent performer this coming season.”
Rising senior Khaylan Williams is another veteran cornerback, having appeared in 25 contests over the past two seasons. The 6-foot, 192-pound Georgia native made his first career start against Tulsa as a sophomore. Curiously, Williams was not listed on the three-deep entering spring camp.
Rising senior Elijah Jones and rising junior Cameron Kinley both had their moments during spring practice, according to O'Brien. Kinley in particular showed tremendous improvement and has considerable upside.
“We have a lot of guys coming back that have seen meaningful time in games and are going to help,” O'Brien said. “We have plenty of experienced corners. We just need to continue to get them reps and continue to get them better.”
Paul W. Gillespie / Capital Gazette Navy' safety Sean Williams tackles Tulane's running back Dontrell Hilliard during their game last season. Navy' safety Sean Williams tackles Tulane's running back Dontrell Hilliard during their game last season. (Paul W. Gillespie / Capital Gazette)
Senior standout Sean Williams is the standard-bearer at safety after earning honorable mention All-American Athletic Conference honors last season. Williams has been a key contributor since he was a plebe and has appeared in 38 games with 25 starts. The 6-foot-1, 190-pounder led the team with three interceptions and was second with 76 tackles.
“What I really like about Sean is that he's a former corner, so he has all the cover skills you want,” O'Brien said. “At the same time, he's a physical kid who is fearless and not afraid to stick his nose in there and go hit somebody.
O'Brien personally instructs the safeties and said the job description starts with being a sure tackler. In Navy's 3-4 alignment, both safety positions must provide run support and also chase down wide receivers that catch the ball in space.
“In this defense, our safeties have to be great tacklers. One of the things we've spent a lot of time working on this spring is tackling – taking great angles, wrapping up properly and making sure we get the ball-carrier on the ground,” O'Brien said. “That's one of the things that Sean is really good at doing – tackling in the open field. If we can find some more guys to do that we'll be in good shape.”
Rising senior Juan Hailey, who made six starts at free safety in 2017, was listed No. 1 at strong safety going into spring drills. The 6-foot-1, 199-pound Kentucky native notched a career-high six tackles against Notre Dame and finished with 25 for the season.
“Juan has started some big games and done some good things,” O'Brien said. “We are counting on Juan to step up and take his play to another level as a senior.”
Jake Springer was pushing for playing time early last season before sustaining an injury that set him back. The 6-foot-1, 190-pounder out of Kansas City wound up appearing in just four games.
“Jake's a guy that was going to play until he got hurt,” O'Brien said. “Jake reminds me a lot of Sean in terms of work ethic on and off the field. He wants to get better and is always asking questions in the meeting room. We're looking for guys who can make plays and Jake has shown up a lot this spring. We're very excited about his potential.”
Springer came into the spring as backup to Williams at free safety while rising senior Brady Petersen was No. 2 at strong safety behind Hailey. Fochtman, who was switched from quarterback to safety during the offseason, made some noise early in camp before being sidelined with an undisclosed injury.
My biggest concern is to do right by my teammates and hold everyone to a high standard.” — Sean Williams
Head coach Ken Niumatalolo said the coaching staff is now considering moving Fochtman to the hybrid outside linebacker spot known as striker.
“Evan Fochtman made great strides at safety and we are really excited about him,” O'Brien said of the Archbishop Spalding product. “Brady Petersen is a guy that's been in the program for years and knows what to do.”
Navy ranked a respectable 54th nationally and second in the AAC in pass defense last season, allowing an average of 215 yards per game. However, there were several games when the Midshipmen were torched through the air with Cincinatti throwing for 381 yards.
0 Rapper Meek Mill released from prison after 5 months
PHILADELPHIA - The Pennsylvania Supreme Court has ordered the immediate release of rapper Meek Mill.
TMZ reported that the 30-year-old, whose birth name is Robert Rihmeek Williams, was denied bail last week by Judge Genece Brinkley. Brinkley had been criticized for having what some considered a bias against Meek.
>> Read more trending news
In November, Meek was sentenced to two to four years in prison after violating probation for a drug and weapons case when he was 21.
The Associated Press reported that Meek will be on bail while he appeals the gun and drug convictions.
Activists and celebrities, including JAY-Z, T.I. and Kevin Hart, have shown support for Meek. At the time of the sentencing, JAY-Z said Brinkley's sentence was “unjust and heavy handed.” Hart visited Meek in prison earlier Tuesday with 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin.
“We are thrilled that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has directed Judge Brinkley to immediately issue an order releasing Meek on bail,” Meek's lawyer, Joe Tacopina, said in a statement. “As we have said all along, Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail. We are also pleased that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has noted that Judge Brinkley may opt to remove herself from presiding over any further proceedings in Meek's case in the interests of justice. Meek is excited to be reunited with his family, and we, along with Meek, intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured.”
Meek himself issued a statement that was posted on his Twitter page. He thanked his supporters and advocates while voicing plans to bring attention to people of color in prison and move on with his career.
“I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time,” the statement said. “While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive.
“To the Philly District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice. I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career.”
I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
To the Philly District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice. I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
1 of 8
Coleman-Rayner Coleman-Rayner Brad Pitt is wasting away as his divorce from Angelina Jolie rages on. But is it just the pressure of the split or something more serious?
Coleman-Rayner Coleman-Rayner Pitt, 53, was spotted looking gaunt in Los Angeles on April 15, 2017.
Coleman-Rayner Coleman-Rayner His split from Jolie looked like it was ravaging his body as he headed to his Los Feliz art studio.
Coleman-Rayner Coleman-Rayner “Brad stood by Angie and supported her when she went through a double mastectomy and a hysterectomy,” a source previously told Radar. “Now he may be forced to face his own health issues — without any support from his estranged wife or the kids he adores.
Coleman-Rayner Coleman-Rayner “Angie has said she broke up the marriage for the health of the family, but now it's Brad's health that has friends concerned," the insider continued.
Coleman-Rayner Coleman-Rayner Jolie's attorney previously said the divorce decision "was made for the health of the family," but Pitt looked seriously sick. Sources close to him have insisted he's doing better than ever, however.
- Advertisement -
Manchester City's victory at the home of the closest challengers Manchester United left them a yawning 11 points clear at the top of the Premier League table and almost out of sight of the chasing pack.
Set-piece goals from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi earned City a 2-1 win Old Trafford on Sunday and prompted even United boss Jose Mourinho to say the title race was “probably” over with five months still to go.
The records and superlatives pile up week after week for Pep Guardiola's multi-talented team.
Their 14-game winning streak in the Premier League is the most by a side in a single top-flight season and strikingly their 46-point total after 16 games was enough to secure eighth spot in the Premier League last season.
City's date at Old Trafford on Sunday was seen as a last chance for United to inject some life into the Premier League race but Mourinho's men failed their big test, conceding nearly 65 percent possession on home turf.
It is difficult to see where City are going to slip up as they have already beaten both defending champions Chelsea and second-placed United away from home.
Former England captain Alan Shearer said he cannot see anybody catching Guardiola's men, even though we are still in mid-December.
“There are still five months of the season to go, but the title race is over — I do not see anyone stopping Manchester City from winning the Premier League now,” Shearer wrote on the BBC website.
“It was not just the result the leaders got at Old Trafford on Sunday that was significant, it was the way they got it too. They were totally dominant, and fully deserved their 2-1 win.”
And Shearer was struck not just by the result but by the style with which it was achieved.
- Advertisement -
“People have been talking for a while now about whether there has been a power shift in Manchester, and on Sunday it was there for everyone to see.
“For United to play the way they did, sitting deep and kicking it long with City controlling play, showed how times have changed at Old Trafford.”
– City on a ‘different level' –
Former United and England defender Gary Neville said City were on a “different level” from United.
“It's tough to do what City have done today, to go to Chelsea and play like they did and come here and play like they have, showing authority and confidence,” said on Sky Sports.
“The goals were scruffy and Jose won't believe they've conceded two goals from set pieces, but not many teams have come here in the last 25 or 30 years and dominated like that.
“You are talking about Barcelona or Real Madrid. Not many teams come here and do that. I even saw some United fans at the end clapping off the City manager and players.
“Seventy a thousand United fans have walked out of there today thinking the best team have won.”
Mourinho conceded City would take some catching but he could not resist a dig at his rivals.
“Manchester City are a very good team and they are protected by the luck, and the gods of football are behind them,” he said. “They are lucky, they have decisions in their favour.”
Guardiola was more circumspect, saying: “You cannot be champions in December.”
The City boss is clearly keen to avoid complacency but it's almost impossible to see a slip-up of the magnitude that would allow his rivals back into the title race.
It may be over already.
Global chipmaker Intel on 12 December launched Pentium Silver and Celeron processors which are based on an architecture codenamed "Gemini Lake" and are engineered for balanced performance and connectivity.
The company is launching "N5000" for mobile and "J5005" for desktop Intel Pentium Silver processors. Intel Celeron processors include "N4100" and "N4000" for mobile and "J4105" and "J4005" for desktop, the company said in a statement.
Intel claims that Pentium Silver will deliver 58 percent faster productivity performance compared with a similar four-year-old PC. For the first time on any PC platform, Intel has offered Gigabit Wi-Fi capability for ultra-fast connectivity with these new processors.
Additionally, systems based on these processors will be able to handle the latest in enhanced media for a great experience streaming content from popular sites like YouTube and Netflix.
Intel is also delivering Local Adaptive Contrast Enhancement (LACE) display technology to help people clearly see the screen outdoors in glare and bright light. This comes with hardware-enabled security for a faster and safer online experience that people expect from Intel products.
Intel also have Pentium Gold processors which are already in market based on the Kaby Lake architecture and represent the highest-performing Pentium processors available.
Getty Images
The Eagles are awaiting confirmation of what they expect to be bad news on the injury front.
But because I'd rather light a candle than curse their darkness, there is some sliver of good news to be shared.
According to Chris Mortensen of ESPN, Eagles cornerback Sidney Jones is expected to return to practice this week, which could allow him to return this season. He's currently on the non-football injury list.
Jones, their second-round pick, had surgery to repair a torn Achilles in March, so anything they get out of him this year would be a bonus.
A talented cover player, Jones would have been a high first-rounder if not for the injury, which happened during a workout.
And with the team announcing that quarterback Carson Wentz indeed tore his ACL last night, they can use any good news they can get.
A FOOT of snow is set to smother Britain next week during the coldest freeze for almost a decade.
GETTY FORECAST: Britain is facing heavy snow next week
Temperatures are forecast to plummet to -15C as a powerful jet stream heads over from Greenland, Northern Canada and the North Pole. Heavy snow is expected to fall in Scotland, Wales and most of England, with the cold weather meaning the snow may be maintained throughout February. According to Netweather, snow will fall in northern Scotland on Monday evening before it hits the northern UK cities including Manchester and Leeds at Noon on Tuesday. By 3pm it will have hit cities further down including Birmingham, Leicester and Northampton.
NETWEATHER SMOTHERED: Scotland and northern England facing snow at 6am on Tuesday
“We expect the northern half of the country to be hit by severe and disruptive snowfall” Forecaster Forecaster for WeatherAction, Piers Corbyn, said the threat of snow a foot high applies nationwide. He said: "We expect the northern half of the country to be hit by severe and disruptive snowfall with very strong winds from the north bringing blizzard conditions. "We currently think half of the country will be affected, but we could see snow widely and if this system does sink further south it will be very severe across the whole of Britain. "We could see six inches to a foot of snow widely and even more gathering in places where strong winds have allowed deep snow drifts to form.
Blonde bombshell Marina Senuk set to sex up the weather Bikini babe Marina Senuk is set to replace Sol Perez on Argentina's TyC Sports channel 1 / 17 Marina Senuk will replace nation's sweetheart Sol Perez
"It is going to be a very interesting period of weather." Brit roads, motorways and bridges are expected to be hit by the weather resulting in delays and closures, reports Express.co.uk. Temperatures will hit -10C on Sunday night, with -10C forecast for Scotland before dropping to -7C across central England, and -3C in the far south. Britain is facing the most severe freeze since 2010/11, when record lows battered the nation.
NETWEATHER FREEZING: The snow hitting Manchester at 3pm on Tuesday
James Madden, forecaster for Exacta Weather, said: "A barrage of snow events awaits us throughout the rest of this month with the first notable snow events expected next week. "There is a risk for a total whiteout across the country as a number of major snow events hit our shores, this risk really kicks in at the start of next week. "We expect to see blizzard conditions and potential accumulations from Tuesday through to Friday across the northern half of the country. "Even parts as far south as London is at risk for some notable snow or blizzards with accumulations to many lower levels of the country too.
0 Why was Andrew McCabe fired? What we know now
Attorney General Jeff Sessions fired Andrew McCabe late Friday, hours before the former assistant director of the FBI was to retire.
Sessions said in a statement that McCabe was let go for “lacking candor under oath” in misleading investigators about the fact that he authorized a conversation between FBI employees and The Wall Street Journal.
While some are pointing to a vindictive strike at McCabe from President Donald Trump – McCabe took James Comey's side following Comey's firing last year – others say McCabe was forthcoming with information requested of him by the FBI's inspector general.
Here is what we know about McCabe's firing.
What Sessions said:
The Justice Department released this statement from Sessions about McCabe's firing:
“After an extensive and fair investigation and according to Department of Justice procedure, the Department's Office of the Inspector General (OIG) provided its report on allegations of misconduct by Andrew McCabe to the FBI's Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR).
“The FBI's OPR then reviewed the report and underlying documents and issued a disciplinary proposal recommending the dismissal of Mr. McCabe. Both the OIG and FBI OPR reports concluded that Mr. McCabe had made an unauthorized disclosure to the news media and lacked candor − including under oath − on multiple occasions.
“The FBI expects every employee to adhere to the highest standards of honesty, integrity, and accountability. As the OPR proposal stated, ‘all FBI employees know that lacking candor under oath results in dismissal and that our integrity is our brand.'
“Pursuant to Department Order 1202, and based on the report of the Inspector General, the findings of the FBI Office of Professional Responsibility, and the recommendation of the Department's senior career official, I have terminated the employment of Andrew McCabe effective immediately.”
McCabe's answer:
McCabe issued this statement after he was fired.
“I have been an FBI Special Agent for over 21 years. I spent half of that time investigating Russian Organized Crime as a street agent and Supervisor in New York City. I have spent the second half of my career focusing on national security issues and protecting this country from terrorism. I served in some of the most challenging, demanding investigative and leadership roles in the FBI. And I was privileged to serve as Deputy Director during a particularly tough time.
“For the last year and a half, my family and I have been the targets of an unrelenting assault on our reputation and my service to this country. Articles too numerous to count have leveled every sort of false, defamatory and degrading allegation against us. The President's tweets have amplified and exacerbated it all. He called for my firing. He called for me to be stripped of my pension after more than 20 years of service. And all along we have said nothing, never wanting to distract from the mission of the FBI by addressing the lies told and repeated about us.
“No more.
“The investigation by the Justice Department's Office of Inspector General (OIG) has to be understood in the context of the attacks on my credibility. The investigation flows from my attempt to explain the FBI's involvement and my supervision of investigations involving Hillary Clinton. I was being portrayed in the media over and over as a political partisan, accused of closing down investigations under political pressure. The FBI was portrayed as caving under that pressure, and making decisions for political rather than law enforcement purposes. Nothing was further from the truth. In fact, this entire investigation stems from my efforts, fully authorized under FBI rules, to set the record straight on behalf of the Bureau, and to make clear that we were continuing an investigation that people in DOJ opposed.
“The OIG investigation has focused on information I chose to share with a reporter through my public affairs officer and a legal counselor. As Deputy Director, I was one of only a few people who had the authority to do that. It was not a secret, it took place over several days, and others, including the Director, were aware of the interaction with the reporter. It was the type of exchange with the media that the Deputy Director oversees several times per week. In fact, it was the same type of work that I continued to do under Director Wray, at his request. The investigation subsequently focused on who I talked to, when I talked to them, and so forth. During these inquiries, I answered questions truthfully and as accurately as I could amidst the chaos that surrounded me. And when I thought my answers were misunderstood, I contacted investigators to correct them.
“But looking at that in isolation completely misses the big picture. The big picture is a tale of what can happen when law enforcement is politicized, public servants are attacked, and people who are supposed to cherish and protect our institutions become instruments for damaging those institutions and people.
“Here is the reality: I am being singled out and treated this way because of the role I played, the actions I took, and the events I witnessed in the aftermath of the firing of James Comey. The release of this report was accelerated only after my testimony to the House Intelligence Committee revealed that I would corroborate former Director Comey's accounts of his discussions with the President. The OIG's focus on me and this report became a part of an unprecedented effort by the Administration, driven by the President himself, to remove me from my position, destroy my reputation, and possibly strip me of a pension that I worked 21 years to earn. The accelerated release of the report, and the punitive actions taken in response, make sense only when viewed through this lens. Thursday's comments from the White House are just the latest example of this.
“This attack on my credibility is one part of a larger effort not just to slander me personally, but to taint the FBI, law enforcement, and intelligence professionals more generally. It is part of this Administration's ongoing war on the FBI and the efforts of the Special Counsel investigation, which continue to this day. Their persistence in this campaign only highlights the importance of the Special Counsel's work.
“I have always prided myself on serving my country with distinction and integrity, and I always encouraged those around me to do the same. Just ask them. To have my career end in this way, and to be accused of lacking candor when at worst I was distracted in the midst of chaotic events, is incredibly disappointing and unfair. But it will not erase the important work I was privileged to be a part of, the results of which will in the end be revealed for the country to see.
“I have unfailing faith in the men and women of the FBI and I am confident that their efforts to seek justice will not be deterred.”
What the inspector general said:
The report from the inspector general has not been released. However, according to a story from The New York Times, Department of Justice Inspector General Michael Horowitz found that McCabe had encouraged FBI officials to speak with reporters from the Wall Street Journal about an investigation into the Clinton Foundation.
An associate of McCabe's told reporters from the Journal that McCabe did not try to impede an investigation into the Clinton Family charity, the Times reported.
After the investigation, Horowitz recommended to the FBI's Office of Professional Responsibility, the department that investigates allegations of bureau employee misconduct, that McCabe be fired because he was not forthcoming with the IG's investigation.
The report from Horowitz is expected to be released in April.
What Trump said:
Trump tweeted that it was a “great day for Democracy” on Friday
About McCabe's firing:
Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hardworking men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 17, 2018
And this one (Terry M is Terry McAuliffe):
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wifes campaign by Crooked H friend, Terry M, who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all, and much more! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 17, 2018
About McCabe saying he took notes at a meeting he had:
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I don't believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2018
About McCabe's wife:
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI & the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017
What does his wife have to do with it?
McCabe's wife, Dr. Jill McCabe, received $467,500 from a political action committee controlled by then-Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe when she ran for U.S. senator for Virginia. She received an additional $207,799 from the Virginia Democratic Party.
McAuliffe ran Bill Clinton's 1996 re-election campaign and was national chairman for Hillary Clinton's 2008 bid for president.
In a tweet, the president said McCabe ran the investigation into emails sent and received by Hillary Clinton during her tenure as secretary of state while McCabe's wife received the donation from the McAuliffe-run PAC.
McCabe was not in charge of the investigation into Clinton's emails before FBI Director Comey closed it in 2016.
When an investigation into McAuliffe's finances arose in 2016, McCabe recused himself from it.
For the record- I was proud to support a great woman candidate for VA Senate-Dr. Jill McCabe. I have spent my life supporting women and @realDonaldTrump has spent is life sexually harassing women. Shameful. — Terry McAuliffe (@TerryMcAuliffe) March 17, 2018
What about his pension?
It has been reported that McCabe lost his pension when he was fired on Friday. That is not exactly the case.
McCabe was fired about 26 hours before he was to set to retire from the FBI. After 21 years of service in the Bureau, McCabe would have been eligible for early retirement at age 50.
What McCabe lost out on when he was fired was the ability to take his full benefits at age 50. He also lost his eligibility for a “top-up,” or “enhanced” benefit formula.
Federal rules state that employees in McCabe's situation may not be able to draw pension until a date ranging from just before his 57th birthday to as late as his 62nd birthday.
That means he can still collect a pension in a few years, albeit a smaller amount than the $60,000 a year he was set to get.
McCabe can appeal his firing in the hopes of getting his pension reinstated.
What others said:
From former FBI Director James Comey:
Special Agent Andrew McCabe stood tall over the last 8 months, when small people were trying to tear down an institution we all depend on. He served with distinction for two decades. I wish Andy well. I also wish continued strength for the rest of the FBI. America needs you. — James Comey (@Comey) January 30, 2018
From Former CIA Director John Brennan:
When the full extent of your venality, moral turpitude, and political corruption becomes known, you will take your rightful place as a disgraced demagogue in the dustbin of history. You may scapegoat Andy McCabe, but you will not destroy America...America will triumph over you. https://t.co/uKppoDbduj — John O. Brennan (@JohnBrennan) March 17, 2018
From U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy, (R-S.C):
U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff (on ABC's “This Week” Sunday:
“You know, his firing may be justified. There's no way for us to know at this point, but even though it may have been justified, it can also be tainted. And I think the president's badgering of the attorney general, his urging that he be fired before his pension could vest, and the fact that McCabe and every other of the James Comey associates … who corroborate James Comey on the issue of potential obstruction of justice, every one of them has been targeted by the administration, by the Republicans and Congress. And is this because they corroborate James Comey? That's a question we also have to answer.”
In this June 7, 2017 file photo, FBI acting director Andrew McCabe listens during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing about the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, on Capitol Hill in Washington. Alex Brandon/AP
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
KABUL: Afghan President Ashraf Ghani suspended his minister for telecommunications and information technology on Monday while he is investigated over a levy on mobile telephone charges, officials said.
The removal of Communications Minister Abdul Razaq Wahidi adds to a lingering political crisis in Afghanistan, heightened in November when parliament passed no confidence votes against a number of ministers over poor performance and budgetary issues.
Yasin Sameem, a spokesman for the communications ministry, said the decision to suspend Wahidi was taken after an audit into the collection of a 10 percent tax on mobile phone topups imposed in 2015.
He said the president's office, which has declared the fight against graft as a top priority, felt the ministry had not cooperated sufficiently with an investigation into alleged corruption surrounding the levy.
"We are committed to accountability and the minister will wait for the findings of the investigation," Sameem said.
The mobile phone levy, which has raised millions of dollars for government coffers, was imposed as part of efforts to raise domestic tax revenue to make up for a gradual reduction in international donor aid in coming years.
While Wahidi's suspension will not immediately affect the day-to-day functioning of the government, it highlights the difficulties Ghani has had in pushing through major reforms of the economy while fighting the Taliban insurgency.
Ghani ordered ministers removed by parliament to remain in their posts until a Supreme Court ruling on the affair but the standoff underlined the weakness of the national unity government formed after a disputed election in 2014.
(Reporting by Mirwais Harooni; Writing by James Mackenzie; Editing by Alison Williams)
While these tend to be the most popular solutions, others choose to go to more extreme lengths to banish the bedroom problem.
You can delay orgasm with natural remedies or use sprays or wipes to numb the penis.
The common sexual dysfunction prevents couples from enjoying long and fulfilling trysts.
An estimated 30% of British blokes suffer from premature ejaculation.
According to a Time To Orgasm study, 96% of men have tried to delay ejaculation during sex.
A survey of 1,024 people found that many put off orgasm by using their brains.
Thinking about something else, including work or someone unattractive, are said to be a help.
Others admitted to taking things a step further by daydreaming about a family member to put themselves off climaxing.
Other techniques that were popular in the study included switching sex positions and masturbating before sex.
So have you tried any of these?
Brockwell Park, London
DJ masterclasses from Helena Hauff and Ben UFO ease the sting of entry queues, while rising hip-hop stars and techno parties create a 16-hour marathon
On paper, this audiophile event showcasing the dance and hip-hop underground is one of the smartest, most necessary dates in the festival calendar, but harsh reality intervenes. As at Boomtown the previous weekend, the British tolerance for queuing is pushed to its absolute limit by the three-hour wait to get in, followed by another serious queue for booze to soften the pain; many attendees have their day unacceptably truncated.
If it helps them feel better, they didn't miss much early on. London producer Romare flirts with some intriguing polyrhythms, but his Latin percussion breaks have their rangy funk smoothed out by being too neatly looped; the very tame live sax and flute lines, devoid of passion or direction, worsen matters. Similarly directionless is Roy Ayers, who has some enchanted devotees, but whose interminable, fussily meandering vibraphone lines are a struggle for the rest.
Continue reading...
0
One of pro-wrestling's the most famous fighters has stepped out of the ring and into the recording booth for Blue Sky and 20th Century Fox's latest animated feature, Ferdinand. The family-friendly film focuses on the title character, a big friendly bull who's misunderstood by just about everyone he meets. Bringing the bull to life is John Cena, whose performance is further revealed in a new trailer for the film.
It's a good follow-up to the film's first trailer which introduced Ferdinand, the title character of Munro Leaf‘s 1936 story about a bull who preferred smelling flowers to fighting. Despite his imposing size and strength, which makes him an ideal target for a popular bullfighter, Ferdinand prefers the pacifist lifestyle. Leaf's illustrated children's book will likely be beefed up a bit for the big screen and, as you can see in the trailer, Ferdinand will meet plenty of human and animal friends alike throughout the telling of the tale.
Carlos Saldanha‘s Ferdinand the Bull, also stars Kate McKinnon, Gina Rodriguez, Daveed Diggs, Gabriel Iglesias, Bobby Cannavale, David Tennant, Anthony Anderson, Flula Borg, Sally Phillips, Boris Kodjoe, Jerrod Carmichael, Raúl Esparza, Karla Martínez, and Miguel Ángel Silvestre, opens December 15th.
Check out the film's new trailer, followed by the official synopsis below:
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Pennsylvania's most famous groundhog will soon be back in the spotlight _ or will it be the shadows.
Pennsylvania's most famous groundhog will soon be back in the spotlight _ or will it be the shadows.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
Two Texas youth prison guards are accused of choking a teenager in custody until he became unconscious and asking him if he was "ready to go sleep.".
Two Texas youth prison guards are accused of choking a teenager in custody until he became unconscious and asking him if he was "ready to go sleep.".
'Kill Bill' actress Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing himself upon her sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making her perform a dangerous car stunt that injured her.
'Kill Bill' actress Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing himself upon her sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making her perform a dangerous car stunt that injured her.
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - In a story Feb. 2 about Jon Huntsman Sr., The Associated Press erroneously reported the amount of money Huntsman gave to a super PAC supporting his son's presidential campaign. He gave more than $1.8 million, not $1.8 billion.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Jon Huntsman Sr., Utah billionaire and philanthropist, dies
Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr. has died at the age of 80.
By MICHELLE L. PRICE and LINDSAY WHITEHURST
Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr., who overcame poverty to become one of the state's most successful and powerful people, died Friday at age 80.
Huntsman's longtime assistant Pam Bailey said he died in Salt Lake City but she declined to name a cause of death. The Huntsman Corp., which he founded, said in a statement that Huntsman died at his home, surrounded by family.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairman of the $11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products. He was also the father of Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and former Utah governor, presidential candidate and ambassador to China and Singapore.
The elder Huntsman and his family have given away more than $1.4 billion, including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears his name.
"Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered, and it will be, as any evil eventually is defeated," Huntsman wrote in his 2014 autobiography. He said he would see to it that the institute continues its mission "if it takes my last dollar--and I expect that will be the case."
In 1970, Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp., which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald's Corp.'s Big Mac hamburger. He formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later, consolidated his companies as Huntsman Corp., producing materials used in a wide range of products, from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components.
Huntsman stepped down from his role in December and his son Peter Huntsman took over as the company's leader. His father continued to serve on the company's board of director and was named chairman emeritus.
"He leaves behind a great company, but even more so, a legacy of optimism, ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as his greatest accomplishments," Peter Huntsman said in a statement.
After amassing his fortune, Jon Huntsman gave more than $100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics. Huntsman, who lost both his parents to cancer and fought his own battle with the disease, eventually gave more than $400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation.
He also wielded his power as a billionaire benefactor to the center. After the cancer institute's director and CEO was fired in April 2017, Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials "inept and uncaring." The director and CEO was reinstated a week after her firing and the school's health care leader and president stepped down.
The billionaire and his family also gave generously to Utah's homeless shelters as well as more than $50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless.
He also played key roles in state and national politics.
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran his own 1988 campaign for Utah's governor.
Huntsman later served as a finance chairman for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012, worked for his son's presidential bid, giving more than $1.8 million to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman.
Following his son's short-lived race for the Republican nomination, Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs, occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune.
His son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named his father chairman emeritus.
In the 1980s, Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune's competitor, the Mormon-church owned Deseret News. He met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer, Huntsman wrote in his autobiography.
A committed member of the Mormon church, Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents.
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that his "legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness" would be a beacon for many around the world.
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987, when his then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from his driveway. The teenager was forced to call his father to arrange payment of $1 million ransom. He was later rescued by FBI agents.
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot, Idaho and later moved to California, where he met his wife Karen while in junior high there.
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children, many of whom became involved in the family business.
Huntsman is survived by his wife and eight children. One daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman, died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder.
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday.
___
This story has been updated to correct the current value of the Huntsman Corp. It is $11 billion, not $13 billion.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Don't Say Stove… Say STUV!
A beautiful fireplace, say Colin and Justin, will provide a warm welcome wherever installed. And if you can make a serious style statement into the bargain, results will be HAWT!
Working, as we currently are, on substantial Toronto project, we're revisiting a favourite supplier, the fireplace company Stuv. As regular specifiers, over the years, we've installed the manufacturer's statuesque wood burning stoves in several personal and client cottage projects, consistently wowed (and indeed warmed) by the brand's strong sense of functionality, simplicity and style.
Chatting recently with the company's Canadian President, Vincent Boudreau, we learned a little more, whilst noting that his wood fired stove collection has now been augmented with a range of gas-fired models to satisfy growing demand from the urban market.
So a little history? Well, some ten years past, Boudreau, intrigued by the beautiful stoves and fireplaces he'd seen in European architectural magazines, travelled from Quebec to Belgium to visit Stûv's facilities. It was there he espied a business opportunity in the streamlined fireplaces that hadn't properly reached the North American market. A decade later, plus ca change and Stûv America offer 35 wood and gas burning models with ninety dealerships spread across North America.
In 2016, Boudreau merged with his principal partner (Stûv sa), bought a factory in Quebec and is now working towards the production of all products on Canadian soil, an ambition he hopes to achieve within the next 24 months. So with Stuv, it's fair to report, you'll be investing in European design, produced in this country's most European outpost – Quebec. Ah oui: c'est vraiment fantastique!
As regular renovators and property speculators, we truly believe that adding features will amplify your home's desirability factor. And a quality inclusion – like a new fireplace – won't only reap rewards on a daily basis, it'll enhance the value of your property into the bargain. And of course there's nothing quite like an upturn in property value to warm a Canadian homeowner's heart, right?
In short, Stuv's regular wood burning collection, and its new gas fireplace inventory, will warm your home whilst enhancing the overall value and architectural context of your space. Whether flat fronted, or indeed two or three-sided, the fireplaces positively ooze contemporary chic, especially when backed with glass and clad in a black mesh screen.
And of course the company is always looking to push boundaries: a recent collaboration, for instance, with celebrated designer Piet Boone, has taken the smooth lines of the classic modern fireplace and added texture via serrated steel screens and dramatic ribbed back panels. Boon's – and of course Stuv's – ethos is remarkably simple: respond to the market by delivering beautiful designs that break boundaries without ever becoming overly ostentatious.
For us – and of course our clients – choosing a fire that performs as well as it looks is paramount. In this regard, we're impressed by a recent Stuv option, that being the ability to select a double-burner to enhance heat output and how flames ‘perform' whilst being distributed across the entire surface of the unit. Add your choice of burner decoration – realistic logs, for instance, or perhaps grey or white stones – and warm to the idea of a new piece of home heating ‘jewellery' that'll make a huge difference to the way your space both looks and feels.
All things considered, it's little wonder Stuv has become a go-to supplier (and specification default mechanism) for architects, designers and home builders the country wide. Aye, flame on: things are certainly heating up in the home warming industry! Find out more at www.stuvamerica.com
- Advertisement -
Chieftains of the Progressives Congress (APC), in Rivers State, have called for the reinforcement of operatives of Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) unit of the Police Force in the state.
The APC leaders made the appeal, on Monday, when they led hundreds of their supporters on solidarity march for SARS personnel to the Police Command's headquarters, Moscow Road, Port Harcourt.
The party leaders said they were pleased with the activities of SARS operatives in the state, saying that instead of scrapping the unit, the Police high command should reinforce it for effective operation.
One of the leaders of the protesters and former governorship candidate of Labour (LP), Prince Tonye Princewill, said APC was in support of SARS' reform, adding that the unit should be strengthened.
Tonye, who recently defected to the APC, noted that there was no organisation without bad eggs, and faulted the clamour by members of the public to scrap SARS.
He said: “We are here to support the reform. But, what we are saying is that SARS must stay”.
Similarly, former governorship aspirant of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Dumo Lulu-Briggs, who was part of the APC stalwarts, reiterated the party's satisfaction with SARS activities in the State.
- Advertisement -
He stated: “We are happy with what you are doing. We want your work to continue. We are saying that no matter what happens, SARS must stay”.
Meanwhile, State Chairman of APC, Davies Ikanya, has said the party was concerned about the call to scrap the Police crime-fighting unit.
Ikanya expressed: “We are concerned about the call for the scrapping of SARS. We are fully identifying with the protesters. This is our last hope. Let SARS and Police stay. We are calling for reinforcement of SARS personnel in Rivers State”.
In his response, Commissioner of Police in the state, Zaki Ahmed, thanked the protesters for the solidarity march, saying that security fight in the society required collective efforts.
He stated that the Force would continue to discharge its constitutional functions and noted that the anti-robbery squad has done much work in the State.
The Police boss vowed that criminals would not have a hiding place in the State, and assured the protesters that the Command would deliver their protest letter to the Inspector General of Police (IGP) Ibrahim Idris.
RIYADH: Saudi Arabia's crown prince wants to build a mega-city with the latest robotics under his grand plan to reform the kingdom.
Civil servant Amer al-Ghamdi has a simpler dream: to buy an affordable home.
Advertisement
Whether Ghamdi and some 1.2 million Saudis in a similar financial position manage to do so will be vital if Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is to convince his people that the reform plan will benefit not just the super-rich.
Ghamdi, 35, spends most of his US$2,670 monthly wage paying back loans he took to get married and buy a car. He and his wife, Hanan, now have three children and struggle to save money.
Buying a home is out of the question. A 250-square meter (2,691 square feet) house in Saudi cities costs from 700,000 to 850,000 riyals (US$186,000 to US$226,000), said Ibrahim Albuloushi, head of U.S. property consultant Jones Lang LaSalle in Saudi Arabia.
That is up to 10 times the annual salary for a low-income family in the Gulf Arab state.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I tried to look for one of my relatives in Saudi to pay off my debts and give me a down payment to apply for a house at one of the commercial banks, but the interest will be very high and I am already paying a lot," said Ghamdi, who lives in the capital Riyadh.
Saudi Arabia, the world's top oil exporter, was once awash in petrodollars. This helped it provide a cradle-to-grave welfare system for its citizens with almost no taxation.
But a slump in oil prices has made fiscal discipline and diversification away from oil vital. Prince Mohammed's Vision 2030 plan sets out to modernize the economy and reform the deeply conservative country, the birthplace of Islam.
The young prince, 32, has moved forcefully and rapidly where earlier leaders moved gradually and achieved moderate results.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
AFFORDABLE HOMES
Some Saudis, however, are skeptical. Western media have reported extravagant purchases by the crown prince, including a US$300 million French chateau and a US$500 million yacht.
In response to a question about these reports in an interview with U.S. network CBS in March, Prince Mohammed said his personal life was "something I'd like to keep to myself" but that he was a rich man who also made donations to charity.
The first contracts awarded for the NEOM business zone mega-project in the northwest of the country were for five palaces for the royal family.
Some critics say the pace of reform is too fast. They cite cuts to a generous subsidy system and the introduction of value-added tax early this year, moves that have hit some Saudis hard and eaten away at savings.
Compounding problems, the population has grown. It reached 32.55 million in 2017, a rise of 44 percent from 2004, and Riyadh's boundaries are growing rapidly.
The housing minister says there are plans to build 1 million houses in five years with an investment of over US$100 billion, mainly through public-private partnerships. Deals have been signed with South Korean and Chinese firms and U.S. companies have expressed interest.
"Real estate is the mirror of the economy. You cannot build homes if people cannot afford to buy them," said Abdullah al-Sudairy, chief executive of mortgage finance company Amlak International. "Affordable housing means cost is five to six times annual income... We are not there yet."
The ministry wants 60 percent of Saudis to own homes by 2020. It is working with local banks to facilitate financing and help developers increase the supply of affordable units by reducing red tape.
WAITING LIST
Some 500,000 Saudis are on a waiting list for the Saudi Real Estate Development Fund (REDF), an arm of the housing ministry which offers Saudis interest-free loans to buy state-backed houses which cost around 650,000 riyals. This can be paid in long-term monthly installments of up to 2,500 riyals each.
Khalid al-Amoudi, REDF general supervisor, said most could have access to finance in the next three years.
Ghamdi has been on the waiting list since 2011 and relief is nowhere in sight.
He has asked his wife to look for a job. But the last offer she received at a food factory offered only 3,500 riyals a month, most of which would have been used to put her infant daughter in nursery and for transportation costs.
Ghamdi is worried about taking out a new bank loan because of fears the government may make further cuts in state spending.
Salman al-Shedoukhi, a 30-year-old engineer with a monthly income of 15,000 riyals, also wonders if he will ever receive a government-backed house.
"To get bank financing for an average 900,000-riyal home, you will end up paying double this amount. It means I would spend 20 years using half my salary to pay off the loan," he said.
To save money, he has moved into his father's house with his wife and two daughters. But he is still burdened by a loan taken out four years ago to get married.
NO ROOM FOR ERROR
Members of the Shura Council, a government advisory body, have criticized the housing ministry for slow progress in solving the problem and fulfilling citizens' aspirations, questioning the number of land plots handed over.
"The housing ministry's biggest achievement is chaining the citizens with a big loan from commercial banks and a bigger monthly installment," Abu Yazid Al Huwaiti, a Saudi citizen, wrote in a Twitter post in April.
Some housing officials have been replaced in recent years for failing to tackle the affordability issue.
There is no room for error as Prince Mohammed is counting on people like Ghamdi to support his reforms.
"Will they achieve 100 percent of the very ambitious goals they have set for themselves? Probably not," said David Dew, who is managing director of SABB bank and monitors housing and unemployment.
"But will they make serious progress? Absolutely yes, they have to and they will."
(For graphic on Saudi Arabia's economy, click: https://tmsnrt.rs/2sjRrVK)
(Reporting by Marwa Rashad; Additional reporting by Stephen Kalin; Editing by Michael Georgy, Ghaida Ghantous and Timothy Heritage)
Motorola is busy not only with the recently leaked Moto X phone but also with another series–the Moto M. This isn't a new one because we've seen the gold version already. We said the Moto M will be available soon on India through Flipkart. It was released in China a couple of months ago with a 3050mAh battery after a huge leak.
Now we're seeing what appears to be a black Moto M as sighted on Weibo. A few images of what's believed to be the new Moto M were published on the Chinese microblogging site. We're assuming the leak is from within China where the phone was first released.
A black Moto M looks nice, sleek, and simple compared to the gold version. We're not thinking this is a totally new model because it was announced only a few months ago. This one could just be a new color variant. There's no mention of the specs but we know the phone boasts of a 64GB onboard storage, 3GB RAM, 2.2GHz octa-core MTK Helio P15 64-bit processor, 13.97cm Full HD display, 8MP front-facing camera, 16MP PDAF rear camera, ultra-fast fingerprint sensor, and that 3050mAh battery.
Still no information if and when the Moto M will be available outside China and India.
VIA: Weibo
But oh we do. At least according to The Economist, perhaps the leading economics magazine of the English-speaking world.
The Economist just released its annual Worldwide Cost of Living report, which ranks the world's cities based on their unbearable expense. The magazine factors in housing and transportation costs, utilities, food, clothing, and more than 400 prices on everyday products and services, from a loaf of bread to a pack of cigs. And since The Economist tends to cater to the well-to-do, it even includes the cost of private schools and domestic help.
No American city made the world's Top 10, largely due to a weak dollar. New York naturally finished first among North American burgs, followed by Los Angeles. But tucked in third place – ahead of all those towns known for their punishing costs – was little old Minneapolis, which is also ranked the 26th most expensive city in the world.
The report doesn't break down what led to Minneapolis' inexplicable ranking. But as tends to be the case in such matters, it's usually not so much breathtaking costs in a few areas – i.e. prices for a condo or a bottle of wine – but consistently high costs across the board.
The world's five most expensive cities are Singapore, Paris, Zurich, Hong Kong, and Oslo, respectively.
The cheapest? Damascus. If you're willing to overlook sectarian warfare, regular bombing, and the occasional chemical weapon, there are apparently good deals to be had.
Charles Kraeling is the first Island Health employee to receive an International Award of Valour
A protection service officer at Cowichan District Hospital has received another accolade for what his employer is calling “an incredible act of bravery on the job.”
Charles Kraeling has become the first Island Health employee to receive an International Award of Valour by the International Association for Healthcare Security and Safety for his efforts in disarming a man with a knife in July 2017.
In November 2017 Kraeling had been honoured with a Provincial Award of Valour by the association's B.C. chapter.
Kraeling responded to a Code White (a violent or volatile individual) at the hospital and found a knife-wielding man who was threatening himself, patients and staff in a four-bedroom ward.
Kraeling said something distracted the man and knife-wielder took his eyes off of Kraeling, which provided Kraeling the opportunity to grab the man's knife arm.
“We had a brief struggle and I managed to get the man onto the ground, and he released the knife,” he said.
“My partner, who was staying back until then, managed to kick the knife further away, and I handcuffed him. The nurses gave him some medication and he started to come to some realization of what was going on. He just wasn't thinking in a right state of mind until then.”
Kraeling said no one was injured in the incident and the man was very apologetic for his actions.
“He really didn't mean to be violent,” he said.
Kraeling was honoured this week in Chicago at the International Association for Healthcare Security and Safety's annual conference.
“Our Protection Services Officers must confront many challenges in their work lives and often go above and beyond in the call of duty to protect patients and staff as Charles bravely demonstrated,” said Leah Hollins, Island Health board of directors chair. “It is gratifying for us all to see him recognized and celebrated by his peers and on an international stage.”
SEE RELATED: Protection service officer at Cowichan Hospital gets award for handling man with knife
sarah.simpson@cowichanvalleycitizen.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
- Advertisement -
At least two persons were reportedly killed on Sunday as suspected militants fired gun shots shoot at Anatigha community in Calabar South local government area of Cross River State.
The incident created tension in the area as residents scampered for safety in the area.
Sadly, two residents were said to have been killed, while another victim sustained serious injury.
A landlord who refused to mention his name said, “The suspected militants came out from one of the many creeks in the area and opened fire from a gunboat they came with. The shooting affected residential buildings along Bassey Effiom Street by Jebs Street.”
Another resident said “The area is notorious for bunkering activities and it was suspected that the militants had come for an oil bunker they had issues with, who stays along the beach, known as Offshore.
“The militants came from the creeks with a gunboat and started shooting at a beach where the bunker normally stays. The name of the beach is called Offshore”.
- Advertisement -
“But you know there are residential buildings in the area around the beach, and it affected a lot of them. As I speak with you, two persons, I personally know are dead.
“Others were also shot and their cases looked critical. I hope they will survive. It was confusion everywhere as nobody expected such situation on a Sunday morning.”
The suspected militants thereafter escaped through the creeks in their boat.
The Public Relations Officer of the 13 Brigade of the Nigerian Army in Calabar, Captain Kayode Owolabi, said they got information of militants shooting in the area and immediately deployed their men to repel them.
He said in the process, one of the militants was killed and a pump action rifle recovered, adding that the corpse of the militant had been handed over to the police.
He said the remaining militants escaped through the water.
Newsmen, who visited the area, observed that military men have taken over the community.
10:35 a.m.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Automakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night.
Investigators say the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
10:15 a.m.
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian.
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the accident happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital and her name was not made public.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Uber says on Twitter that it is "fully cooperating" with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
Getty Images
Mike Pouncey is heading to Los Angeles.
The Chargers announced that they agreed to terms with Pouncey on a two-year deal this afternoon.
Pouncey, a center who has played his entire career with the Dolphins, was released last week after declining to take a pay cut. There's no immediate word on how much money he's making with the Chargers.
After starting all 16 games for the Dolphins last year, Pouncey should start at center for the Chargers this year. He'll supplant Spencer Pulley, the Chargers' starting center from a year ago, who is now likely to be demoted to a backup spot.
The 28-year-old Pouncey was the Dolphins' first-round pick in 2011 and spent seven years in Miami. He has been selected to three Pro Bowls.
That's after Manchester City ended their interest and cleared the way for Jose Mourinho to bring the Brazilian to Old Trafford this summer.
The Manchester Evening News claim United have intensified their pursuit of Fred as they look for midfield additions this summer.
That's because Michael Carrick will retire and Marouane Fellaini is expected to leave as he is out of contract.
Mourinho said: “We are going to invest the basic to improve our squad.
“We need to find a replacement for Michael Carrick, if Marouane Fellaini leaves, we need to find a replacement for Marouane Fellaini.
Jakarta: Millions of Indonesian children are being vaccinated this week as the country responds to a widespread diphtheria outbreak that has killed dozens, officials said Monday.
Some eight million children and teenagers across the Southeast Asian nation will receive the shot to prevent further spread of the disease which is caused by a bacterial infection.
It can lead to breathing difficulties, heart failure, paralysis, and even death if left untreated.
Widespread incidents of the communicable disease are relatively rare in Indonesia, although it had the second largest number of reported cases globally from 2011-2015, behind India, according to the World Health Organisation.
This year, nearly 600 cases have been detected in 95 Indonesian communities across 20 provinces, killing 32 people.
The vaccination programme started from Monday in three of the country's most populous provinces, including the capital Jakarta, and could continue into next month, officials said.
The spike in cases is due to poor public awareness as well as a growing anti-vaccination movement in Indonesia, the health ministry said.
"Diphtheria cases have been rare for a long time in Indonesia, so people were no longer aware of the danger and did not take their children for vaccinations," senior ministry official Jane Soepardi told AFP.
Officials hope to halt the spread before Indonesia hosts the Asian Games in 2018.
"It was not scary at all. My teacher told me we all must be vaccinated and it did not hurt either," Ragil Setiawan, a 10-year-old student at an elementary school in Tangerang, just outside of Jakarta, said Monday after getting his shot.
The U.S. securities regulator said on Monday that a U.S. court should deny a bid by Rio Tinto Plc and two former top executives to have civil fraud charges over a failed African coal project dismissed.
NEW YORK/MELBOURNE: The U.S. securities regulator said on Monday that a U.S. court should deny a bid by Rio Tinto Plc and two former top executives to have civil fraud charges over a failed African coal project dismissed.
The filing is the latest salvo in the SEC's lawsuit accusing the defendants of waiting too long to write down the coal assets, enabling the big Anglo-Australian mining company to raise about US$5.5 billion from U.S. investors.
"Defendants violated multiple provisions of the federal securities laws by engaging in a prolonged fraudulent course of conduct," the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said in a filing with the U.S. District Court in Manhattan.
Accordingly, the defendants' motion to dismiss the charges should be denied, it said.
The defendants are Rio Tinto, former Chief Executive Officer Tom Albanese and former Chief Financial Officer Guy Elliott.
In an emailed comment, a Melbourne-based Rio Tinto spokesman said: "Rio Tinto believes that the SEC case is unwarranted and that, when all the facts are considered by the court, or if necessary by a jury, the SEC's claims will be rejected."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Rio Tinto had acquired the coal assets in a 2011 takeover of Riversdale Mining and later renamed Rio Tinto Coal Mozambique for about US$3.7 billion.
It wrote off most of the assets in January 2013 and sold them in late 2014 for just US$50 million.
On March 5, the defendants said the SEC was "plainly wrong" to say they should have taken a big writedown no later than 11 months after the purchase.
They said rising prices for "scarce" coking coal offset lower barging and rail capacity, and might have even boosted the assets' value at that time.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
The SEC said that the defendants were wrong to argue that it was too soon to book an impairment on Rio Tinto Coal Mozambique (RTCM).
"Rio Tinto was required to assess impairment at every reporting period," it said.
The defendants have until March 26 to respond, court records show. The case is being overseen by U.S. District Judge Analisa Torres in Manhattan.
On March 2, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission brought its own civil court action against Rio Tinto, Albanese and Elliott over the coal assets.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; additional reporting by Melanie Burton and Sonali Paul in MELBOURNE, and Ismail Shakil in BANGALORE; editing by Richard Pullin)
DECEMBER 11, 2017 — Classification society Lloyd's Register (LR) and University Maritime Advisory Services (UMAS) have released a new study that aims to demonstrate the viability of zero emission vessels (ZEVs).
Called "Zero Emission Vessels 2030," the study identifies what needs to be in place to make ZEVs a competitive solution for decarbonization.
According to LR, for shipping to achieve an an ambitious carbon reduction strategy in line with the Paris Agreement, ZEVs will need to be entering the fleet in 2030 and form a significant proportion of newbuilds from then on.
Although none of the ZEVs considered in the study are estimated to be more competitive than conventional shipping by 2030, the technology options are evolving rapidly and LR thinks it possible that, over the next 10 years, the gap could reduce even further than this study estimates.
This new report assesses seven technology options for ZEVs, applied to five different case study ship types across three different regulatory and economic scenarios.
The options consist of various combinations of battery, synthetic fuels and biofuel for the onboard storage of energy, coupled with either a fuel cell and motor, internal combustion engine; or a motor for the conversion of that energy store into the mechanical and electrical energy required for propulsion and auxiliary services.
The costs of some of the components considered: fuel cells, batteries and hydrogen storage could all reduce significantly, especially if they become important components of another sector's decarbonization, or if action taken during shipping's transition assists with the technology's development.
For those in shipping with niche access to a low-cost supply of zero-emission fuel or energy sources, or an ability to pass on a voyage cost premium to a supply chain that values zero-emission services, the gap may already be closed.
From preliminary conversations with shipowners, it was clear that the key considerations would be around wanting options that were viable at a moderate carbon price (e.g. $50/tonne CO2) and without too great an increase to the capital cost of the ship. It was also clear that the impact of the CO2 emissions must not just be moved upstream, to the electricity generation or fuel production process.
None of the zero-emission options in their current specifications completely satisfy the shipowner requirements, with the most significant gap identified being on voyage (fuel) costs.
Katharine Palmer, LR's Global Sustainability Manager, said: "There is no doubt that decarbonization is a huge challenge for our sector and that we all have a clear responsibility to ensure actions are taken to drive our operational emissions to zero at a pace matching actions taken across the rest of the world and other industry sectors. By assessing different decarbonization options for different ship types, we identify the drivers that need to be in place to make them a competitive solution and we aim to show the opportunity for a successful and low-cost decarbonization pathway for shipping."
Download the study HERE
OTTAWA -
A proposed U.S. border-adjustment tax that has stirred up fears in Corporate Canada would inflict considerable damage on both economies, a new report said Tuesday.
The study was released a day after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau met President Donald Trump and top House lawmaker Paul Ryan, who has promoted the border-tax measure.
The analysis by the C.D. Howe Institute think tank estimated the U.S. policy change would shave nearly a full percentage point from Canada's economic growth.
The study's authors said the plan would reduce bilateral trade in both directions and predicted it would cut nearly 1.3 percentage points from U.S. economic growth.
“It is trade-distorting and economically damaging to the United States and its trading partners,” co-authors Dan Ciuriak and Jingliang Xiao wrote about the border-tax proposal.
“Canada is heavily exposed to the ramifications of a (border-adjustment tax).”
It's unclear whether Trudeau was able to get some clarity — or reassurance — from Ryan on the future of the border tax, which has Canadian firms deeply concerned.
When asked whether Trudeau learned more about the border-tax proposal, a spokeswoman in his office pointed to a statement that only said the prime minister discussed trade during his meeting with Ryan.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said Tuesday that the meetings in Washington confirmed her expectations the fate of the border-tax plan was uncertain.
“This is very much in the early stages and there is a very broad diversity of opinion in the United States around that,” Freeland told reporters in Ottawa.
“It's not appropriate for us to have a position on that until we see where the U.S. lands.”
She noted that the border-tax measure is part of a broader tax-reform plan.
Freeland also said talks surrounding the renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement had yet to begin because appointees for the new U.S. secretary of commerce and trade representative positions still had to be confirmed.
“Therefore, it's not possible for us to start the negotiations at a technical level and we haven't started,” she said.
“Yesterday's conversation with the president was very productive. It's a good start.”
United Nations Cyprus mediator Espen Barth Eide has quit to pursue a political career in Norway, the United Nations said on Monday, after U.N.- backed talks to broker peace between Greek and Turkish Cypriots ended in acrimony last month.
UNITED NATIONS: United Nations Cyprus mediator Espen Barth Eide has quit to pursue a political career in Norway, the United Nations said on Monday, after U.N.- backed talks to broker peace between Greek and Turkish Cypriots ended in acrimony last month.
"Over the last 27 months, with steadfast dedication, commitment and creativity, Mr. Eide helped the two leaders make unprecedented progress towards reaching a viable and sustainable solution to the decades old dispute," U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq said in a statement.
Haq said Eide planned to run in the upcoming legislative elections in Norway.
The latest of many attempts to broker an accord on Cyprus ended on July 7 after 10 days of negotiations at a Swiss Alpine resort attended by the Greek and Turkish Cypriot sides along with Britain, Greece and Turkey.
Cyprus was split after a Turkish invasion that was triggered by a brief Greek-inspired coup in 1974. The seeds of division were sown years earlier after a power-sharing arrangement between Greek and Turkish Cypriots crumbled as a constitutional deadlock led to violence.
A settlement to the long-simmering conflict has been given sharper focus by the prospect of sizeable deposits of natural gas in the eastern Mediterranean.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Sandra Maler)
ZANESVILLE, Ohio- The Zanesville-Muskingum County Public Health Department is calling on residents to take a survey about tobacco.
The health department launched a tobacco survey last month which gives Muskingum County residents an opportunity to share their views on smoking and secondhand smoke. The survey will help the department determine the areas they should focus on most.
“We're talking about the tobacco policies in the community and we want the priority of residents of Muskingum County so we can kind of focus our efforts on what's important to them,” said Jessica Emerick a health educator.
The survey will ask residents about tobacco use policies in multi unit housing, schools, and outdoor spaces. Residents will be able to share where they think policies need to be changed.
“The goal is to reduce tobacco use ultimately, but for nonsmokers we want to protect them first and foremost. So we don't want anybody to be affected by secondhand smoke when it's not really their choice,” Emerick said.
Residents can find the survey on the health department website at www.zmchd.org.
For the first time since Justin Trudeau became prime minister, the majority of Canadians disapprove of him to such a degree that an election tomorrow would see the Conservatives within striking distance of a majority.
This should rattle a few bars in the playpen.
What happened between the effusive gushing of 2015 by progressives celebrating the defeat of the dreaded Harperites that such a political chill has descended upon the Liberals as the spring of 2018 dawns?
Trudeau certainly has the bhangra nailed down, no question about that, and no one tried to be hipper and therefore more ridiculous in India than Trudeau and his family with their haute couture Indian costumes.
French President Emmanuel Macron goes to India, gets a big-time welcome from India Prime Minister Narendra Modi, while Trudeau's visit a fortnight ago merited a big-time snub and the mockery of the Indian media for coming across as more ostentatiously Bollywood than Bollywood itself.
Bottom line, in the eyes of a growing number of Canadians, is that Trudeau's become an embarrassment and an irritant.
According to a just-released Angus Reid poll, in fact, Trudeau's “highly-criticized passage to India” combined with the “simmering unease” over the Trudeau Liberals' deficit-be-damned spending has “driven Trudeau's disapproval north of 50%” for the first time since he was elected.
Scheer's delight? If an election were held tomorrow, CPC could have a shot at majority government https://t.co/DvWKU6nfBq pic.twitter.com/yZ9voXUVJT — Angus Reid Institute (@angusreidorg) March 19, 2018
Some 56% see him as sorely lacking in what it takes to be an effective and prudent prime minister and fiscal leader.
The negatives are piling up.
Trudeau approval drops to 40 per cent this quarter. Majority disapproval for the first time (56%) https://t.co/DvWKU6nfBq pic.twitter.com/6Eot4j7eSa — Angus Reid Institute (@angusreidorg) March 19, 2018
Justin Trudeau, for example, became the first prime minister in Canadian history to be found guilty of breaking multiple federal ethics rules, much of it based on his Christmas vacation to the private Caribbean island of the Aga Khan, a religious leader whose charitable foundation annually receives millions from Canadian taxpayers.
And then, said Angus Reid, there was that cringe-worthy India trip, a mental picture that can never be erased from our minds.
Since it remains difficult to put an old head on young shoulders, however, our generation of millennials, many driven to the polls for the first time by the siren song of Trudeaumania 2.0, are sticking with their hero.
One day they will learn their Superman can't fly.
If an election were held today, however, four in 10 Canadians say they would vote for the Conservative candidate in their riding, representing a double-digit gap over those who would vote Liberal.
This, according to the pollster, is the fourth consecutive quarter that the number of Canadians wanting a change in government has risen, leading to the strong likelihood of a Conservative majority.
Concern about the deficit continues to rise this quarter. A look at the trend since the start of 2016: https://t.co/DvWKU6nfBq pic.twitter.com/z33IE0Ccz6 — Angus Reid Institute (@angusreidorg) March 19, 2018
With concerns of government spending and deficit financing finally starting to sink in, Conservative leader Andrew Scheer is now seen as the leader best suited to steward the economy.
Particularly troubling for the Trudeau crowd is that the number of Canadians who strongly disapprove of his leadership trump those who still strongly support him by a ratio of four-to-one.
This is not good news for the Liberals assigned to Campaign 2019.
Their own base is turning its back on its leader.
What the Angus Reid polls shows is that a full third of those who voted for the Trudeau Liberals in 2015, and helped him take over the reins of power, would now love to have their vote back.
His approval rating at the 2.5-year mark of his mandate, in fact, is worse that any previous prime minister with the exception of Brian Mulroney.
Even that cold-hearted Stephen Harper fared better.
A look at how the Prime Minister's approval compares with his predecessors at this point in the first term: https://t.co/DvWKU6nfBq pic.twitter.com/4kHHqfSUrp — Angus Reid Institute (@angusreidorg) March 19, 2018
As for NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh and his band of socialists, 19% of Canadians said they'd be prepared to give them a whirl.
In politics, this translates into an afterthought.
markbonokoski@gmail.com
Historic Moment: remembering Pearl Harbor
Historic Moment: The Pearl Harbor Story
By Beth Batlle
Skaneateles Town Historian
On Dec. 7, 1941 at 6 a.m., or 0600 for you military people Captain Mitsuo Fuchida, the Imperial Japanese Navy's ace pilot, seated himself in his plane, taxied down the flight deck of his carrier and took off into the quiet of the early morning sky. A squadron of 360 Japanese fighter planes and bombers, all carrying the emblem of the Rising Sun, followed him. Ahead of them was Pearl Harbor where eight American warships, the main force of the American Pacific Fleet, were anchored.
As the U.S. Naval Base on the island of Hawaii came into sight, Chief Commander Fuchida, his heart filled with hate for Americans, gave the order “Whole squadron, plunge into attack!” They quickly obeyed in two waves from six aircraft carriers.
Over the next two hours this surprise attack by the Japanese killed 2,330 Americans and wounded 1,145. Of the eight of the battleships anchored there 6 were severely damaged, and 4 were sunk. Fuchida himself sank the battleship, the USS Maryland. Three cruisers and three destroyers were also crippled. In addition, 394 aircraft based there were damaged or destroyed. It took less than two hours for the Japanese planes to severely cripple the Pacific striking force.
Fuchida was the first man over the target and the last to leave. Seven of his commanders and 32 squadron leaders were not as lucky and 29 planes were lost Fudhida, however, became a national hero in Japan and was even granted an audience with Emperor Herohito. Fortunately for America, however, six aircraft carriers were at sea and escaped the attack.
Fuchida, however, went on to have many other brushes with death, including six crashes at sea. Finally, after 25 years of service in the Japanese Navy, he retired and became a farmer. One day he picked up a religious pamphlet written by an American Air Force pilot who had been held a prisoner of war by the Japanese. So impressed was Fuchida by this man's faith, that he converted to Christianity. In 1954 he came to this country and, with tears in his eyes, asked the American people to forgive him for his part in the war.
On the opposite side of the world, Skaneateles native, Eugene Horle, in 1924 saw an airplane flying over the city of Syracuse. He located the pilot and his plane the next day, in a hayfield south of the city. Pulling $5 from his wallet, he persuaded the man to give him his first airplane ride. After that he was hooked; he had “flying fever.”
It wasn't long before he located a World War I Curtiss “Jenny” and convinced the pilot to sell the airplane to him for $750. This included lessons. Before long, he was barnstorming, taking on thrill-seeking passengers, giving flying lessons and earning some money along the way.
He bought a second “Jenny” for $400. This plane had the standard instruments but no compass aboard. The plane, with its 44-foot wingspread, was easy to take off and land, but its engine was only 90 horsepower, so it was a slow climber. Air speed was 70 mph. The pilot flew by the seat of his pants, hoping, if an emergency occurred, for a level place to land.
Then, on Dec. 7, 1941, news of Fuchida's attack, along with a telegram, arrived from Washington. The telegram said, “All airplanes and pilots grounded; Japanese attacking Pearl Harbor, contact Civil Aeronautics Authority inspector.”
Eugene lost no time in enlisting in the Civil Aviation Authority in Syracuse. He was assigned to take cadets on orientation flights, show them how to spot and track missions, and to fly in formation. Another assignment was to give free flights to those who purchased a war savings bond.
But these war activities took their toll on Eugene. When it was all over, Eugene had a heart attack that grounded him. The doctor called for an ambulance, however none was available. The village undertaker was called upon. He backed his hearse up to the front door, Eugene was loaded into the back, which he complained smelled of embalming fluid, and was taken to the hospital.
The doctor gave him a year to live, but Eugene knew better. After he recuperated, he and his wife, Lillian, sold their home in Skaneateles and bought a travel trailer. They traveled from coast to coast, spending many winters in Florida. Eugene was happy to give talks and show pictures to groups about early aviation.
It was in Tampa, Florida, that Eugene met Captain Fuchida. The two formed a lasting friendship. What did they have in common? Both were pilots and both shared a love of flying. Their friendship lasted for many years until Fuchida died in 1976. Eugene died 3 years later on Dec. 20, 1979 at the age of 82.
The Pearl Harbor Memorial was dedicated on Memorial Day in May1962 in honor of the 1,177 sailors and Marines that were killed on the USS Arizona. It straddles the sunken hulk of the Arizona without touching it and can only be reached by boat. Oil that still leaks from the sunken ship is sometimes referred to as the “black tears of the Arizona.” The Arizona was the only one of the 4 sunken battleships that was not raised.
A National Historic Monument, this memorial is still an active military cemetery. All personnel on every Navy, Coast Guard, or Merchant Marine vessel that enters the harbor stand at attention at the ships rails and salute the Arizona as they pass by. This is the 76th anniversary of the bombing.
Note: On April 18, 1942, Sgt. Jacob De Shazer, eager to strike back at the Japanese after Pearl Harbor, was flying his B-25 bomber named the “Bat Out of Hell” on a raid over Japan. He dropped his bombs on Nagoya and was eager to return to his home base. That was when he found he was in trouble. He had lost his way in a heavy fog and his plane had run out of fuel. He and his crew had no choice but to bail out.
Jacob was captured and taken to a POW camp where he was tortured by the Japanese and threatened with death. During the almost two years of imprisonment he suffered hunger, cold, and dysentery. He hated his captors and treated the guards with contempt. Then one day a guard handed him a Bible. Jacob started reading and his attitude toward his captors changed. After the war he became a missionary, and went back to Japan. One of his converts was Mitsuo Fuchida.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
Some Katima Mulilo residents claim they were not served with eviction orders.
More than 500 people have been left homeless since the demolition of illegal structures started at the town.
SEOUL: North Korea has been working through 2016 on developing components for an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), making the isolated nation's claim that it was close to a test-launch plausible, international weapons experts said on Monday.
North Korea has been testing rocket engines and heat-shields for an ICBM while developing the technology to guide a missile after re-entry into the atmosphere following a lift-off, the experts said.
While Pyongyang is close to a test, it is likely to take some years to perfect the weapon.
Once fully developed, a North Korean ICBM could threaten the continental United States, which is around 9,000 km (5,500 miles) from the North. ICBMs have a minimum range of about 5,500 km (3,400 miles), but some are designed to travel 10,000 km (6,200 miles) or further.
North Korea's state media regularly threatens the United States with a nuclear strike, but before 2016 Pyongyang had been assumed to be a long way from being capable of doing so.
"The bottom line is Pyongyang is much further along in their missile development than most people realise," said Melissa Hanham, a senior research associate at the U.S.-based Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, California.
She said the North's test in April of a large liquid-fuel engine that could propel an ICBM was a major development.
"The liquid engine test was astounding," Hanham said.
"For years, we knew that North Korea had a Soviet R-27 missile engine design. They re-engineered the design of that engine to double its propulsion".
North Korea has said it is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on a ballistic missile but it claims to be able to miniaturise a nuclear device have never been independently verified.
The isolated nation has achieved this progress despite U.N. Security Council imposed sanctions for its nuclear tests and long-range rocket launches dating back to 2006. The sanctions ban arms trade and money flows that can fund the country's arms programme.
North Korea has enough uranium for six bombs a year and much of what it needs for its nuclear and missile programmes relies on Soviet-era design and technology. Labour is virtually free.
It can produce much of its missile parts domestically and invested heavily in its missile development infrastructure last year, funded by small arms sales and by taxing wealthy traders in its unofficial market economy.
PROPAGANDA OFFENSIVE
Throughout the year, North Korean state media showed images of numerous missile component tests, some of which revealed close-up details of engines and heat shields designed to protect a rocket upon re-entry into the earth's atmosphere.
The propaganda offensive may have revealed some military secrets, but it may have also been a bid to silence outside analysts, many of whom had remained sceptical of the North's missile programme.
"They're answering the public criticisms of U.S. experts," said Joshua Pollack, editor of the U.S.-based Nonproliferation Review. "A lot of people had questioned whether they had a working ICBM-class heat shield".
"So they showed us".
Despite the research, Pyongyang has experienced considerable difficulties getting its intermediate-range Musudan missile, designed to fly about 3,000 km (1,860 miles), off the ground. It succeeded just once in eight attempted launches last year.
North Korea has fired long-range rockets in the past, but has characterised those launches as peaceful and designed to put an object into space.
Still, the South Korean defence ministry believes the three-stage Kwangmyongsong rocket used by Pyongyang to put a satellite in space last February already has a potential range of 12,000 km (7,457 miles), if it were re-engineered.
Doing so would require mastering safer "cold-launch" technology, and perfecting the ability of a rocket to re-enter the earth's atmosphere without breaking up.
"North Korea is working hard to develop cold-launch technology and atmospheric re-entry but South Korea and the U.S. will have to assess further exactly which level of development they have reached," South Korean defence ministry official Roh Jae-cheon told a briefing on Monday.
North Korea began stepping up its missile development in March 2016, Roh said, but added that there were no "unusual signs" related to test preparations, according to the South Korean military.
That same month, Kim Jong-un was photographed looking at a small, ball-like object that North Korean state news agency KCNA said was a miniaturised nuclear warhead - the device North Korea would need to fulfil its ICBM threat.
"2016 marked the year North Korea truly ramped up their WMD (Weapons of Mass Destruction) programme," Hanham at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey said.
"I think we're going to see a (ICBM) flight test in 2017".
(Additional reporting by Jeongeun Lee; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
Getty Images
Browns safety Damarious Randall went viral this week when a post promising to buy a jersey for everyone who retweeted him zoomed across the internet.
Randall has racked up more than 761,000 retweets, although a former member of the Browns might push that number before all is said and done. Unlike Randall, recently retired left tackle Joe Thomas is backing the Cleveland squad in a series that gets underway on Thursday night. He's also going a step further by promising to get those retweeters signed, game-worn jerseys.
I'm so confident in my @cavs, if the @warriors win the 2018 NBA finals, I'll buy anyone who retweets this a signed @StephenCurry30 gameworn jersey. Even you @RandallTime. @KingJames https://t.co/zsQp3LxGbu — Joe Thomas (@joethomas73) May 30, 2018
Thomas followed that tweet up with another one saying he'd get people the jersey of their choice rather than limiting it to a Curry jersey.
Thomas' tweet racked up more than 90,000 retweets in just over six hours, which will make even Eli Manning wonder how Thomas would be able to get his hands on that many game-worn jerseys in the event he has to follow through once the NBA season comes to an end.
ISTANBUL — The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, including one Canadian, and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried out by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross.”
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
The gunman killed a policeman and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau confirmed late Sunday that a Canadian was among those who died in the massacre.
“We mourn with the people of Turkey today and with all countries who lost citizens in this vicious attack,” Trudeau said in a statement.
“We also grieve the senseless loss of a Canadian citizen and remain steadfast in our determination to work with allies and partners to fight terrorism and hold perpetrators to account.”
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
- With file from The Canadian Press
The Liberal government is planning to introduce long-promised legislation as early as Tuesday to strengthen controls on the sale, licensing and tracing of guns.
The Liberals are bracing for political pushback from the Conservatives, as the bill would repeal some measures passed by the previous government.
READ MORE: 69% of Canadians support outright ban on guns in urban areas
The bill is expected to fulfil Liberal election platform promises to enhance background checks for anyone buying a handgun or other restricted firearm, as well as require purchasers to present a valid licence.
WATCH: Heidi Rathjen fights for gun control in Canada
The Liberals also pledged to require vendors to keep records of all firearms inventory and sales to assist police in investigating gun trafficking and other firearms-related crimes.
READ MORE: Liberals lag in gun control promises, mass shooting survivors say
The government has stressed that it has no interest in reviving a national long-gun registry.
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale has already earmarked more than $327 million over five years, and $100 million a year thereafter, to address criminal gun and gang activities.
Three of Sussex's big hopes for the Vitality T20 Blast campaign are reflecting on differing Indian Premier League fortunes.
Jofra Archer and Chris Jordan have flown back from the tournament, while Rashid Khan will also feature for the Sharks when the T20 Blast starts on July 4.
Archer starred for the Rajasthan Royals, who made it to the play-offs. The Royals lost in the eliminator to the Kolkata Knight Riders. The 23-year-old took 15 wickets in ten matches in his debut IPL season, with his best performance 3-22 in his debut against the Mumbai Indians.
The Royals signed Archer for £800,000 having impressed in Australia's Big Bash League (BBL) earlier this year. The Barbadian also took 15 wickets in ten matches, guiding the Hobart Hurricanes to a semi-final.
Meanwhile Khan made plenty of headlines in India as he became the second highest wicket-taker of the tournament, taking three wickets fewer than Kings XI Punjab and Australian, Andrew Tye.
The 19-year-old took 21 wickets in 17 matches for the Surisers Hyderabad, guiding his team to the final, in which they lost to the Chennai Super Kings. The leg-spin bowler's best figures were 3-19 against the Knight Riders in the semi-final, and he 34 not out in a 10-ball cameo.
This is the Afghan's second season in the IPL and he impressed last year as he took 17 wickets from 14 matches. Khan also featured in this year's BBL, taking 18 wickets from 11 matches for the Adelaide Strikers.
Fellow Sunriser Jordan featured only once during the IPL, playing against the Kings XI Punjab last month, but failed to take a wicket, producing figures of 0-31. The England International played in the Pakistan Super League earlier this year for the Peshawar Zalmi, who eventually lost in the final to Islamabad United. Jordan has played two matches in the IPL since his debut season in 2016.
Sussex's first T20 match this year is away to Essex Eagles on July 4. The home campaign starts versus Surrey on July 13.
Friday, June 1st is National Donut Day and Merritt's Bakery in Tulsa is celebrating by donating a portion of their sales to the Salvation Army.
Larry Merritt as well as one of the Salvation Army's Donut Lassies, Samantha Knappen stopped by 6 In The Morning on Wednesday.
Merritt's Bakery will donate 20-percent of all donut sales to the Salvation Army between 6 a.m. and 6 p.m. on Friday, June 1st.
Photo: https://us.fotolia.com/id/139258422
We all have different ideas about what is truly funny. To some, the idea of spending April Fools' Day posting a Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram update, complete with cutesy picture or cryptic message, that tells the world you're pregnant but ends in a big JK, is hysterical. It's actually not. There are so many reasons why you should not post a fake pregnancy announcement on April Fools' Day if you want anyone to talk to you again.
I know many people like to share their pregnancy news on social media, but I'm not a big fan of announcing your pregnancy that way. Yes, it's the quickest way to tell the most people, but it's also impersonal and risky. The majority of your close friends and family really want to hear it straight from you, not from some online post. Maybe I'm superstitious, but until that baby is out and healthy, I'd feel funny having a permanent social media record of that declaration. The last thing you need is to post the big announcement, lose the baby, and then have to be reminded of your post every single year in your "See Your Memories" feature on Facebook.
If I feel that way about real pregnancy announcements, you can imagine how I feel about fake ones. This is a minefield, and in my opinion, it's not worth it. There are far more ways to offend people by doing it than there are people who will think it's funny. Still considering it? Here are the reasons you might want to think twice.
1 You'll Hurt People Without Even Knowing It Giphy Your idea of a breezy joke is someone else's great pain. If you have a friend or a family member who has been trying to get pregnant and hasn't been successful or someone who has lost a baby, there is absolutely nothing funny about a fake announcement to them. If anything, it'll be horribly torturous seeing you take the idea of being pregnant so lightly.
2 Your Friends Will Be Pissed Giphy Most people don't want to get their close friend's news on their Instagram feed or Facebook news feed. Before anyone knows it's fake, those closest to you might have a initial reaction of being furious they didn't rank receiving a private announcement and that they were informed with the masses. Even when you confess the joke, the anger will linger.
3 You're Toying With Your Family's Emotions Giphy Here's how this one goes: 1. You post your fake announcement. 2. Your mother reads it. 3. She's half angry because you didn't tell her first (see #2, above) and half over the moon beyond excited to finally become a grandmother. 4. You tell her you were only kidding. 5. Fill in this part yourself. Yeah, it's not likely to be very good.
4 You'll Never Live It Down Giphy It much easier to post a lie on social media and have it be believed than to post a correction with the truth and have everyone understand the first post was a lie. It's like a down pillow. Once you rip it open and the feathers start flying, it's nearly impossible to catch them all and gather them back. The odds are high that some people will see the first post and not the second, and therefore believe you are pregnant for real. Which will feel even worse when they tell you you've started showing... and all you've got brewing in there is your lunch.
5 Because Not Everyone Will Get That It's A Joke Giphy So you put up the fake announcement in a first post, and your followers react, happy for you and wishing you well. Then you put up the second post. The "ha ha only joking" post. Except it falls flat and no one understands you were joking and why you would joke about something as big a deal as that. You'll be laughing alone.
6 You Don't Want To Cry Wolf Giphy Remember the little boy who kept telling everyone there was a wolf when there wasn't, only to find no one believed him when there actually was a wolf? Don't be that boy. You want your true announcement to be credible and celebrated. A fake post is one way to make sure no one believes you when it's actually real.
Hastings United Football Club recorded its 20th league win of the season tonight (Tuesday).
A goal in either half from Davide Rodari and Ollie Rowe gave Chris Agutter's side a 2-0 victory at home to South Park in Bostik League Division One South.
Hastings fielded the same starting line-up as that which performed so impressively in Saturday's 2-2 draw at Greenwich Borough, and they dominated possession and territory during the opening 20 minutes or so.
Sam Adams had a couple of attempts early on before Hastings fashioned the game's first real chance in the 19th minute. South Park goalkeeper Thomas Miles got a foot to Rodari's shot following Rowe's throughball and the ball ricocheted up onto the crossbar.
South Park came far more into the game during the second quarter and Thomas Windsor had their first attempt of note with a low drive from outside the area which went narrowly wide.
Hastings then needed a brilliant goal-line clearance from Rowe after Jack Mazzone dinked the ball over goalkeeper Charlie Horlock to remain on level terms. Seconds later, James McElligott's deflected strike was well saved by Horlock.
Mazzone's shot from distance forced Horlock into a scrambling save before Hastings broke the deadlock in the 44th minute. Rodari forced a mistake out of a South Park defender and his well-struck left-foot shot found the net for his 17th goal of the season despite Miles getting a leg to it.
Early in the second half Horlock raced off his line to effect a perfectly-timed sliding challenge on a clean through Kieran Lavery outside his area.
At the other end, Sonny Dullaway skewed his shot wide from an inviting position inside the box after a great run and cutback from Rodari. Dayshonne Golding, a half time replacement for the injured Adam Lovatt, then had an angled shot saved following Adams's quick free kick.
Hastings doubled their advantage in the 62nd minute. Jack Dixon's cross from the left following a short corner was headed against the crossbar by Adams and Rowe cleverly nodded the rebound over the defender on the line.
Hastings would've liked it to be far more comfortable than it was thereafter, though, as a South Park side playing its 10th game in 25 days showed admirable fight and was unfortunate not to get on the scoresheet.
Dylan Merchant sliced wide after Horlock miscued a punch at a corner and substitute Chris Smith's volley while at full stretch struck the top of the crossbar. Lavery also forced Horlock into a good save diving to his right with a free kick from just outside the area.
Hastings had their moments at the other end too. Rodari headed just wide from Dixon's free kick, Golding pulled his shot wide from eight yards after Rowe's low cross made its way through to him and Sam Beale's shot was saved following Dixon's clever throughball.
Hastings: Horlock, Rowe, Beale, Lovatt (Golding HT), Christie, Cruttwell, Rodari, Dixon, Adams, Dullaway (Janneh 69), Walker. Subs not used: Climpson, Fielding, Pritchard. Attendance: 222.
Bostik League Division One South top half (played-points): 1 Carshalton Athletic 45-99, 2 Lewes 45-98, 3 Greenwich Borough 45-87, 4 Cray Wanderers 45-86, 5 Corinthian-Casuals 45-86, 5 Hythe Town 45-85, 6 Walton Casuals 45-83, 7 8 HASTINGS UNITED 45-73, 9 Thamesmead Town 45-69, 10 Whyteleafe 44-67, 11 Phoenix Sports 45-66, 12 Herne Bay 45-65.
Benefit from an ongoing discount on your Observer by joining our voucher membership scheme. Once you've subscribed, we'll send you dated vouchers which can be exchanged for your paper at any news outlet. To save money on your Observer, simply click here (www.localsubsplus.co.uk)
Arthur Brown Barbara FG
You might remember Arthur Brown — he of The Crazy World of Arthur Brown — from such ‘60s psychedelic hits as “Fire” and “Nightmare.” “Fire” is the song that almost anyone who listened to rock radio back in the day will recognize. It kicks off with a madman bellowing, "I am the god of hellfire, and I bring you ... fire!" — at which point a hyperactive organ kicks in and everyone burns their Freedom Rock LPs.
Brown cut an unusual figure in the world of ‘60s summery love, resplendent in corpse-painted face and fiery headgear, bridging the gap between garage-rock oblivion and psychedelic otherness, tap-dancing skillfully along the thin line between a good trip and a bad one. After his band's 2017 Zim Zam Zim tour — their first in 47 years — British label Cherry Red plans to reissue the band's original 1968 The Crazy World of Arthur Brown album in its original mix as part of a larger box set.
Ironically enough, the following interview was conducted during a massive downpour in Los Angeles — yet it seems it would take something bordering on a great flood to dampen the fire of Arthur Wilton Brown.
What does fire signify for you?
In those days [of my youth], we'd sit around a gas fire or a coal fire, and there were a lot less around, because it was not far after the Second World War. You had one piece of meat a week; you queued up in school with a teaspoon to get your rosehip syrup from a teacher, out of a bottle. So, simple things were a pleasure.
One of the things I did was sitting and watching the flames in the fire, and little sparks going up the chimney. The chimney would catch the glow, and with the wind blowing through, there'd be this movement between all the little bits of soot and stones. We used to call them “soldiers” — they'd go off like a gunshot in the night. When I looked at fire, I would just go into some kind of trance, and it enabled me to let go of all my daily things, and for me it became a portal to, in a way, a different world.
What was your family life like after the war?
My father was a very strange man. He was a self-taught jazz pianist in the Art Tatum style. He was a light heavyweight boxer. He was the treasurer of the Conservative Party in Leeds and Yorkshire. He was a widely rounded individual. At the age of 50, he came home one day when he should've been at work. My mum said, “Where have you been? Peter, what are you doing?” He said, “I've been out in the hills and I've been meditating. I got a message from India: Never work again!”
This would've been probably in 1960. And he didn't work again. He devoted his life to psychic experiments; he could see through your body and tell you what's wrong with you. When I went to see him a little later, when punk came — here is a man who had been a Conservative — I knocked on the door, he opened it up, and he had purple eyebrows and orange hair. And he said, “I like the punk!”
Barbara FG
It's your first U.S. tour in 47 years. Why?
After “Fire,” I married a lady from Texas — and so I didn't really want to go out touring. I wanted to spend time with my family, and so I kind of gave up on it. I would do local gigs, but no touring. In Austin, in those days, there were so many musicians that people went into construction as a way of earning money, and then you play at night and there are great audiences. I had a painting company with Jimmy Carl Black — the drummer from The Mothers of Invention — called the Gentlemen of Color. He was Black, and I was Brown [laughs] — which, in Texas, pretty much sorted who wanted us to paint their house!
Then I became a counselor and, with a friend of mine, invented a new way of doing counseling using music. We'd bring the client in, my friend would do the talking and I would just listen, sitting there with my guitar. And at the end of the session, we'd turn on the tape and I'd make up some piece, which could be more like poems than a rock song. We got really great response — including one article, I think it was in Life magazine, that said, "From God of Hellfire to Singing Shrink.”
Now, hold on a moment — you sound incredibly well-centered and healthy and positive. What about the craziness? You don't sound crazy at all!
[Laughs maniacally] Society attempts to put you in a box so that you'll be able to be a good, contributing, working citizen. In that, you have to somehow find your pleasures and your joy. I'd like to put wilder energy on the stage, and display our creativity — we never do anything quite the same way twice. It's still just a very free energy. When one considers walls being built, this is kind of an antidote to that whole mentality.
So it's the world that is crazy in a bad way — but you are crazy, in fact, in a good way.
[Laughs] I think that's very succinct!
The Crazy World of Arthur Brown appear with Electric Citizen and White Hills on Wednesday, Feb. 15, at the Regent.
Former England captain John Terry has left Aston Villa after the club failed to gain promotion to the Premier League.
REUTERS: Former England captain John Terry has left Aston Villa after the club failed to gain promotion to the Premier League.
Villa lost the Championship playoff final 1-0 to Fulham at Wembley on Sunday.
Advertisement
The 37-year-old Terry joined Villa from Chelsea in July 2017 on a one-year deal. He made 36 appearances for Villa in all competitions last season, scoring one goal.
"We would like to place on record our most sincere thanks for the effort and professionalism he showed with us last season," Villa said in a statement on their website https://www.avfc.co.uk/News/2018/05/30/club-statement-john-terry-leaves-aston-villa.
"John is a true leader and was everything and more that we hoped. Hugely popular and influential in the dressing room, he played a real captain's role in creating the incredible bond the players shared with our supporters, and vice-versa."
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru; Editing by David Holmes)
Advertisement
Ishaq Akintola, director, Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC), says it will be in the best interest of Nigeria for President Muhammadu Buhari to win his re-election bid in 2019.
In a statement issued on Wednesday, the Muslim cleric said Buhari is keen on the progress of Nigeria and the welfare of the citizens.
Akintola reaffirmed the group's commitment to the Buhari-led administration, saying it has the political will to fight corruption and punish offenders.
“Ex-governors and powerful politicians are being sent to jail for the first time in the history of this country. Huge amounts are also being recovered. It is a record performance,” he said.
“We marvel at his prudence, his simplicity and his altruism. He is simply a living legend. These are the qualities which we cherish in Buhari.
“His political party does not matter to us. Some Nigerians are not being honest. All of us have been complaining for a long time that the problem with Nigeria is leadership. We accused our leaders of greed, avarice and selfishness.
“We have been complaining for long that corrupt leaders always got away with their loot. Nobody ever questioned anyone. But today we have a president to whom transparency, probity and accountability are uppermost.
“Our support for this administration is driven by patriotism and good governance but not based on religion.
“If the Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo who is a Christian clergy contests election tomorrow we will support him because he shares the same vision with the President.
“Wole Soyinka and Femi Falana are Christians. We will not hesitate to rally behind them tomorrow if they vie for leadership positions.
“We would have given all our energy to support Tai Solarin, Dr. Beko Ransome Kuti, Chima Ubani and Ken Saro Wiwa who were all Christians had they contested for the post of president in their lifetime.
“As religious leaders, we are speaking up to guide politicians because things may go wrong if we keep quiet, we will never give up on Nigeria. We will never surrender this country to kleptomaniacs and blood merchants no matter the amount of blackmail.
“This struggle is towards a better future for Nigerian youth, Nigerian children and generations yet unborn. Posterity will judge us.”
The MURIC director urged Muslims not to shy away from politics, saying politics determines whether the roads will be good or not.
“Politics determines whether or not we will have stable power supply, a reliable public transport system and good public health delivery package,” he said.
He lamented that some politicians are earning N29 million monthly while poor workers are not getting N18,000 minimum wages as at when due.
“The International Monetary Fund revealed in 1999 that one percent of our population enjoys 85 percent of the wealth, leaving the remaining 99 percent of the population to struggle before having access to the remaining 15 percent of Nigeria's wealth.
“That is why facilities cannot go round. That is why we have falling school walls. That is why public hospitals are glorified mortuaries.
“The Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria said last week that only 350 Nigerians are responsible for more than 80 percent of the N5.4 trillion debt portfolio of the company.”
click to enlarge Brian Chilson
ON APPEAL: Arkansas Solicitor General Lee Rudofsky (left) leaves the federal courthouse in Little Rock Thursday night.
While they suggest longer proceedings are necessary, they do not point to anything they would do differently in a longer proceeding. Indeed, the district court already conducted a four day hearing on Appellees' claims and rejected all of them save two. In reality—like this entire proceeding—Appellees' request is nothing more than an attempt to manipulate the judicial process and make it impossible for Arkansas to carry out Appellees' just and lawful sentences.
The speedy legal back-and-forth continues.This morning, attorneys for the state filed a reply brief to the Eighth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals in response to an argument from attorneys for the men scheduled to be executed over 11 calendar days beginning today. The state wants the Eighth Circuit to override a stay of the executions granted by U.S. Judge Kristine Baker over the weekend.In the brief, the state argues that attorneys for the men on death row are merely seeking to delay justice. Inmates' attorneys have asked the Court not to decide in two days a matter on which Baker had heard 17 witnesses and included a transcript of their testimony of 1,300 pages and 90 exhibits. From the state's reply brief:
Most of us know what it feels like to have no one to sit with at lunch. Or to not be invited to a party. Or to be teased by our classmates, rebuffed by someone we like, or humiliated in front of peers. These experiences are common while growing up; some even follow some of us into adulthood. These rejections sting, of course, and may cause us enduring pain. But we integrate them into our lives and, if we're lucky, we become stronger for them. When young men commit school shootings, we often look toward their social lives for some clue that can explain their atrocious acts of violence. Bullying. Exclusion. Not fitting in. And one of the same explanations comes up again and again: the shooter didn't have a girlfriend and he wanted a girlfriend.
The leap was even easier to make on Valentine's Day this year as an ex-student allegedly opened fire on students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
Take Elliot Rodger, the 22-year-old who killed six people near the University of California Santa Barbara. His 140-page manifesto began with the declaration, “All of my suffering on this world has been at the hands of humanity, particularity women.” The “suffering” he referred to was being a virgin — a situation he blamed solely on women. He filmed a video in which he railed against “all you girls who rejected me, treated me like scum while you gave yourself to other men.”
We do not owe men anything.
More recently, Nikolas Cruz, the 19-year-old who killed 17 people at a high school in Parkland, Florida, repeatedly threatened his ex-girlfriend's new boyfriend with racist and homophobic taunts. And yet Cruz and the ex-girlfriend had been encouraged to break up by both their mothers “because it was unhealthy for everyone,” according to a Department of Children & Families report quoted by the Miami Herald.
It's not difficult to understand why teenage girls would avoid someone like Cruz, who posted photos of dead animals on social media and harassed a male classmate who dated his ex. Or someone like Rodger, who made his disgust about his female classmates' sexual behavior — that is to say, demonstrating agency over their sexuality — well-known. Yet we're quick to suggest that if only these poor boys were shown more compassion, they would not have acted out with their violence.
Ahead of the March 14 school walkout, in which students across the nation dedicated 17 minutes to the 17 lives lost at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, a retired school teacher, David Blair, published a post on Facebook advocating for students to “reach out” to the lonely kid instead. The idea reached a larger audience when middle-school teacher Jodie Katsetos urged students in her classroom to “WalkUPNotOut,” and the hashtag began to trend. On a whiteboard, she suggested students “walk UP to the kid who sits alone and ask him to join your group, walk UP to the kid who never has a voluntary partner and offer to be hers … walk UP to someone and just be nice."
In fact, the idea that boys and men require special attention is everywhere.
But that idea is destructive, and has rightly been called out.
The #MeToo and Time's Up movements, and the #YesAllWomen movement before them, have been integral in dismantling male sexual entitlement. They show women, especially young women, that we do not owe men anything. Further, the idea that women need to disarm men in an emotional sense is a road that can lead to emotional abuse.
It's dangerous for young women, especially, to conflate kindness with with affection or attraction.
It's possible to feel empathy for a young man like Cruz, who clearly suffered from mental health issues and had lost both his father and mother at a young age. But his classmates, who were worried by his behavior — like showing off his weapons on social media and getting into physical fights — were behaving rationally by keeping away. So the myth that every boy should get a Valentine, so to speak, is a confusing message to send at a time when we are delineating boundaries.
Calls to bring more kindness into schools and social settings are well-intentioned, but it's dangerous for young women, especially, to conflate kindness with with affection or attraction.
As Danielle Campoamor wrote on Romper last week, “Suggesting to our children that they are somehow failing their classmates, teachers, school staff, and parents, by not befriending someone who makes them uncomfortable, is a form of victim-blaming.”
A vigil after the Isla Vista shooting near UC Santa Barbara. Spencer Weiner/Getty Images News/Getty Images
One part of the problem is the set of strictures still placed around boys when it comes to talking about their emotions and their pain — the idea that they need to bottle up their pain for fear of seeming weak, or that aggression and violence are their only emotional outlets. This is a concept called “toxic masculinity” and discussions of it come into the mainstream just about every time there is a mass shooting.
More work needs to be done to tell boys — and men — that vulnerability is OK and feelings — even hard and complicated ones — are OK. And that work needs to be done a lot sooner than high school, with parents, early childhood caretakers, educators, sports professionals, religious leaders and pop culture.
The onus to prevent young men with anger, entitlement and access to an arsenal from exploding should not fall on their 16-year-old female peers.
Meadow Pollack, an 18-year-old Parkland student killed on Valentine's Day, had been "granted enough time to fall in love," wrote a reporter from the New Yorker who attended Pollack's funeral. Her peers later sat at the school with emotional support dogs brought in to help students cope. Those who would suggest that the children of Marjory Stoneman Douglas, or Columbine, or Sandy Hook simply needed to reach out and offer kindness to would-be attackers are denying the deep, loving connections the dead had to their friends and family. They are denying the vulnerability of young, unarmed students, and the kindness kids already show every day, Valentine's or otherwise.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The sale of rabbits is to be banned at Pets at Home this Easter.
The chain, which has a store on the Lakeside Retail Park in Scunthorpe, said customer interest in rabbits increases at this time of year due to their association with this time of year.
But to promote responsible pet ownership, Pets at Home has decided to stop the sale and adoption of rabbits between Good Friday and Easter Monday, and instead provide free educational workshops.
Attendees can get up close and personal and learn some fun facts about small furry animals, including rabbits.
Pets at Home has also announced a promotional partnership for the workshops with Sony Pictures on the new movie Peter Rabbit.
Laura Godfrey, store manager at Pets at Home Scunthorpe, said: "Our decision to stop the sale and adoption of rabbits during Easter has been made to educate potential owners on the importance of responsible pet ownership.
"Our informative workshops will help families understand what's involved in being a responsible pet owner. What's more they're also a fun and free way to learn about small furry animals and rabbits during the holidays."
Pets at Home's workshops aim to promote awareness of rabbit welfare and help prospective rabbit owners make an informed decision about the long-term commitment that comes with owning a pet.
To reinforce this message, the Pet Pals Easter activity club will be held from March 24 to April 15 at Pets at Home stores throughout the holidays, where fun, interactive activities will educate the next generation of pet owners on how to care for small furry animals, responsibly.
The store team will be on hand to share their knowledge, quizzing the children on pet care and the welfare needs of small furry animals including rabbits - shelter, food and water, good health, appropriate company and the right living environment.
To find your nearest workshop, visit petsathome.com/workshops
Creek baseball earns split with Carrollton
Bullock Creek's baseball team bounced back from a tough loss to Tri-Valley Conference West Division foe Carrollton in the opening game to earn a split in the doubleheader on Tuesday.
The host Lancers dropped the first game, 2-1, despite a strong pitching performance, before rebounding to win the second game 5-2.
In the first game, Shawn Kaiser allowed six hits and struck out four in five innings, before Scott Spica finished the game with two hitless innings. Bullock Creek managed just four hits in the game, led by two hits and a run scored from Caleb Buda.
Derek Beougher earned the win in the second game, allowing one hit and striking out four in four shutout innings. Carson Cann allowed one hit in one inning of relief before the game was called due to weather.
Buda reached base three times in the second game, while Brady Owens had a hit and two runs scored.
"Our starting pitching was really good once again and kept us in both games," Bullock Creek coach Scott Madill said. "We have just got to start finding some hits and consistently putting pressure on teams if we intend on competing for our conference championship."
Bullock Creek (8-4, 4-2) returns to action on Thursday, hosting Breckenridge.
Swan Valley sweeps Freeland
FREELAND -- Freeland came up on the short end of a pair of well-pitched games Tuesday, losing 4-2 and 6-3 to visiting Swan Valley in Tri-Valley Conference Central baseball.
The Falcons drop to 6-4 overall and 2-2 in the conference.
In the opener, Freeland sophomore pitcher Tyler McLaren went six scoreless innings until the Vikings struck for four runs in the top of the seventh to turn a 1-0 deficit into a 4-1 lead.
"He pitched a gem," FHS coach Pete Duley said of McLaren. "He was going up against Swan Valley's Avery Goldensoph, and it was freshman against sophomore. They both pitched outstanding. It was a well-played high school baseball game."
McLaren worked 62/3 innings and struck out eight in a losing effort.
Freeland managed only four hits off of Goldensoph, including two singles by Carston Yaw.
In the nightcap, the Vikings scored four runs in two innings off of FHS starter Ben Fleming before Fleming left the game due to a sore arm. Garhet Metiva pitched the final five innings and surrendered only two runs.
Freeland managed only two hits, singles by Fleming and Elijah Vlassis.
The Falcons are off until next Tuesday when they'll head to Chesaning.
Getty Images
The Saints had the NFL's top rookie on both sides of the ball in 2017.
Cornerback Marshon Lattimore was named the NFL's defensive rookie of the year shortly after running back Alvin Kamara was named the offensive rookie of the year at the NFL Honors event in Minneapolis on Saturday. The two players helped the Saints to an NFC South title and a playoff win over the Panthers before their season ended a short distance away against the Vikings in the divisional round of the playoffs.
Lattimore was the 11th overall pick of the draft last year and moved right into the starting lineup for an improved New Orleans defense. He had 43 tackles, five interceptions and a forced fumble in his 13 regular season appearances and returned one of those interceptions for a touchdown.
Lattimore received 45 of the 50 votes cast in the category. Bills cornerback Tre'Davious White had four and 49ers linebacker Reuben Foster was the choice of one voter.
Lattimore and Kamara are the first teammates to take the rookie of the year awards since running back Mel Farr and defensive back Lem Barney did it in 1967.
Patriots beat Cebu, gain share of lead
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By Jerome Lagunzad
Games Today
(Blue Eagle gym)
7 p.m. – Mandaluyong vs Pasig
9 p.m. – Quezon City vs Gen. Santos City
Former pro Harold Arboleda put on a flawless shooting as host Parañaque City turned back Cebu City, 81-73, on Tuesday night for its second straight victory in the Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League Anta Datu Cup at the Olivarez Gym.
The 6-foot-2 Arboleda, who had a brief stint with NLEX in the pro ranks, sizzled with a career-high 26 points, making all of his seven attempts, including five triples, on top of 11 rebounds and six assists as the Patriots gained a share of the South Division lead.
San Beda product Ryusei Koga added 21 points, spiked by three triples, while backup guard Robin Roño tallied seven points and five rebounds for Parañaque, which trailed by as many as 15 points early on but turned things around in the second quarter before it outplayed Cebu City in the decisive half.
Also getting the job done were the Pampanga Lanterns, who survived the Bacoor Strikers, 81-80, earlier.
Juneric Baloria, back in his former team's homecourt, sizzled with 24 points, highlighted by three triples, while unheralded Karlo Pangilinan added 12 points as the Lanterns overcame the absence of former pro Jimbo Aquino and Michael Juico for their breakthrough victory.
Forward Gab Banal finished with 21 points and eight rebounds while Chris Sumalinog added 17 points and Mikee Reyes had 16 points for the Strikers, who led by as many as 10 points in the first period but could not sustain their fiery start, leading to their first loss after two matches.
Journeyman Patrick Cabahug also waxed hot with 29 points while Far Eastern University stalwart Cesar Catli added 16 points that all went for naught with the Sharks' second consecutive setback.
Related
comments
Transfer students find smooth transition
Filed under News, Online
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
With a mix of new programs and old methods, Eastern has been making the push to attract transfer students.
Rita Pearson, a transfer coordinator, said counselors do everything possible to help prospective students.
Some strategies she mentioned were conducting unofficial evaluations of transfer credit, starting to host Transfer Open Houses this year and continuing to visit community colleges to meet with students and counselors.
Wade Morrison, a sophomore geography major who transferred to Eastern this year, said he thought it would be difficult to see how his credits transferred and if he could still graduate in a timely manner, but it was not.
“The counselors worked really well with me in the process and everything turned out all right,” Morrison said.
Jay Abell, a senior political science major who transferred last year, also said the counselors helped him with his decision to attend Eastern. Before transferring, he spoke with an Eastern representative at his community college.
He said the representative's information about the student-teacher ratio made him want to come to Eastern.
Morrison said he was initially nervous about making friends, as he did not know many people at Easter.
In the end, though, he said it was not that bad.
“I got lucky and made a lot of friends with the people on my floor,” Morrison said.
Along with the regular pressures of transferring schools, the budget impasse and enrollment issues Eastern and other state universities have gone through can also cause concerns for some.
However, Abell said the budget crisis had no affect on him when choosing Eastern.
He said he knew the university would still be OK even during this difficult time.
Pearson said the enrollment pinch is not just an Eastern issue. Instead, colleges across Illinois are seeing decreases in enrollment.
“It is our challenge to get (a positive) message out to our future students through the noise of budget concerns and rigorous out-of-state competition,” she said.
Cassady Jackson can be reached at 581-2812 or cjjackson@eiu.edu.
COBOURG -
In the ground-floor room at Victoria Hall that is refurbished to be a reliable replica of the law office where Father of Confederation James Cockburn once practiced in Cobourg, the actual chair he used in the House of Commons is now on loan.
It represents the only item in the room Cockburn is known actually to have touched.
It was shipped from the House of Commons last week by curator David Monaghan, which means it was ready for view — touching of any kind is strictly forbidden — on Monday's celebrations surrounding Cockburn's 198th birthday.
Organized in conjunction with the Cobourg Public Library and St. Peter's Anglican Church, the heritage celebrations hosted 120 students from local schools who toured five stations in Victoria Hall, including the Cockburn Room. Cobourg's manager of planning Rob Franklin was doing his customary duty of impersonating the Father of Confederation in period costume.
Other stations included demonstrations of paddle carving and old-fashioned printing, a look at children's games and toys of the era, and a visit to the third-floor Art Gallery of Northumberland, where there is now a First Nation exhibit on truth-and-reconciliation issues.
“And when they finished, 120 kids walked up King Street to St. Peter's Church, where they had music, box lunches and cake,” Franklin reported later at council's committee-of-the-whole meeting.
“If you could see that massive slab cake vanish!”
Franklin said he typically represents a costumed Cockburn four times a year at municipal functions — the New Year's Day mayor's levee, the February birthday commemorations, the August James Cockburn Day holiday and Municipal Day in October. For Canada's 150th birthday year, he expects Cockburn will be much more in demand.
Unveiled to members of the media Monday night, the chair Cockburn occupied as Canada's first Speaker of the House of Commons proved to be quite a low seat. That's because it was custom-built for him, Loyalist College journalism professor Rob Washburn explained, and Cockburn was one of the shorter members of the Fathers of Confederation.
It's rare to have a piece loaned out at all, Franklin added, especially since a 1916 fire destroyed countless artifacts of the Confederation era.
Cockburn used this chair in the House of Commons from 1867 to 1873. Though he was permitted to keep the seat afterwards, his descendants donated it to the House of Commons in 1983.
The chair is on loan until about mid-September, Franklin said. That means it can be part of some of this year's many celebrations, as well as being on view this summer during the daily tours of Victoria Hall. They will be writing up an insert telling more about the chair to tuck into the brochure they hand out on Cockburn and the Cockburn Room.
Washburn also gets much of the credit for the keen interest in Cockburn. It was he who approached council in 1998 to rename the August Civic Holiday after the town's historic figure.
Franklin was something of a history buff already, when Washburn contacted him. The end result is that they became the leading players in the James Cockburn Society.
For years, Franklin has performed a one-man play on Cockburn's life and times. This year, Washburn is writing a new play with a Canada 150 theme for Franklin's 2017 performance.
Mayor Gil Brocanier thanked Franklin and Washburn for everything they have done to educate people of all ages on this son of Cobourg.
“I think you inspired them all today,” Brocanier told Franklin.
“Victoria Hall was abuzz with excitement.”
cnasmith@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/NT_cnasmith
What we are talking about: Jordan Howard He'll be better with Trubisky
Ben Roethlisberger Throw away those home/road splits
MLB Playoffs Who to root for in the AL?
So I had Andy Dalton in a league ([deity] damn it, Rank ... stop talking about your fantasy teams!) and started 3-0. That's right. Even with two miserable starts, I was able to jump out to a nice 3-0 start. And I didn't want to bench him because, well, that would have been a blow to team chemistry. If there's one statistic I care about most in fantasy football, it's guile. And heart. And when my team is moving along well because the team seems to get along, I don't want to rock the boat. So I started Dalton last week. Because obviously. It was a great matchup. Funny story, I had my Andy Dalton will throw four TDs 'Don't @ me' dropped from my "Good Morning Football Weekend" segment last week. But if you ask me, I'd rather have Dalton throw four touchdowns and have my fantasy team win, than just getting a prediction on air and having it blow up in my face. Another funny story, I kept starting Dalton, he threw four touchdowns and I didn't win. That's right, I somehow found a way to blow it. All right. The Stronghold had a lot of back reading to do this week. This week kind of sucked, so let's jump into it. And without further ado ...
ST. WILLIAMS -
Norfolk County stepped into the spotlight as part of the annual Terroir Symposium that brings together hundreds of people in the food industry to discuss issues and trends in hospitality.
The two-day symposium opened on Monday at the Art Gallery of Ontario in Toronto. On Tuesday, the focus shifted to the Terroir Rural Retreat, which this year was held at the Burning Kiln Winery near the Norfolk village of St. Williams.
Busloads of visitors from across Canada and other nations were met with the aroma of meat cooking over wood fires. Stands offered vintages from Norfolk's nine wineries and its emerging craft breweries.
"I'm just amazed at the beauty of this place," Phil Slawsky, the director of food and beverage for Pursuit Collection for Banff and Jasper national parks facilities, said of Burning Kiln and its grounds.
"We're here to taste the wine, meet the people and exchange ideas. It's so nice to get out of the city, too. It's so serene here. People here are very accommodating."
In Banff, Slawsky said, "we try to keep the food connected to the local landscape when they mount events. This event has some good ideas about how to do that."
One of the first stations as visitors filed out of Burning Kiln and onto the grounds was occupied by The Blue Elephant Artisan Brewery, run by Heather Pond.
Brew master Sarah Fritch and John Harris, brew house assistant, poured samples from their flagship brews, Gentlemen's Pilsner and Red Devil, and a Local Flavours Ale, which boasted maple syrup, carrots and ginger accents.
"I've never experienced anything quite like this before," Fritch said of the retreat.
"I think it's great we got this. I'd rather be outside here than in Toronto."
Benjamin Lillico, executive chef at The Berlin restaurant in Kitchener, was taking part for the first time as a Feast On chef at the symposium. Feast On is a provincial certification program that recognizes businesses committed to sourcing Ontario grown and made food and drink.
"I came to get some insight to help support the local food movement of food farmers and produce," said Lillico, while smoke rose from bannock breads on spits.
"This is an amazing collaboration to help raise awareness of what local communities have to showcase. It's important to support that and buy local as much as possible."
Nearby were Feast On certified Norfolk purveyors VG Meats of Simcoe and Stoney Creek, and Pristine Gourmet Oils, from just outside Waterford.
Norfolk's vintners, organized as the Ontario South Coast Wineries and Growers Association, are aiming to gain a DVA (Designated Viticultural Area) designation for their wine region. If successful, the Norfolk will join Ontario's four recognized DVA regions - Niagara Peninsula, Prince Edward County, Pelee Island and Erie North Shore.
"That will be fantastic," said Lillico.
"It will get them and others more exposure."
At a table laden with vintages stood Amanda Alison, manager at Blueberry Hill Estates Winery.
"Anything that gets the word out there about Norfolk County is a good thing," she said as she filled glasses for passersby.
"We're getting a lot of really good questions from the people who came today. I think Norfolk County is still a bit unknown, but every year we get an increase in tourists. More people are talking about us."
Over at the table for Inasphere Wines stood Chantel Bosgoed. She and her husband, Ryan, run a vineyard and winery on Front Road that makes them the new kids on the block among Norfolk's nine wineries.
"By all of us doing this today, we are showing we are a legitimate destination for everyone's wining and dining experience," she said.
Greeting visitors was Norfolk Mayor Charlie Luke.
"I'm very proud to see this event happening. It just doesn't happen on its own. It takes a lot of planning," he said.
"It's no secret why we're Ontario's garden. We're the most diversified in crops and we have the numbers to back it up.
"We can grow anything in Norfolk, we know that already. Now we are realizing we can make any kind of food, any kind of meal and sell it to people who come here. And people here from Toronto are seeing that an hour and a half away there is all this for them to enjoy."
MMarion@postmedia.com
The New England Patriots are adding former Green Bay Packers' offensive tackle Ulrick John to their roster, according to the Houston Chronicle's Aaron Wilson.
Patriots agree to term with former Packers OL Ulrick John, according to a league source — Aaron Wilson (@AaronWilson_NFL) April 23, 2018
The Patriots have now added two offensive tackles to the roster after the departure of Nate Solder. The first signing was Matt Tobin from the Seattle Seahawks and now John will be in competition for a roster spot.
John was drafted in 2014 by the Indianapolis Colts and has been with four different teams in his four years in the NFL. He has played a total of ten games, and started in three.
He is 6-foot-5 and will likely be a part of the roster battle to replace Nate Solder, as he has played both left and right tackle.
With Valentine's Day falling right in the middle, February is indeed the month for love.
It's the time when couples will exchange cards, swap kisses and chocolate, dine out together and – on the downside – potentially share Sexually Transmitted Infections (STIs).
Relationships are hard enough without STIs getting in the way. That makes promoting sexual health and preventing STIs an important conversation couples of all ages should have with each other. STIs, after all, are not just for people in their teens and 20s. With many baby boomers returning to the dating scene after a separation, divorce or death of a partner, rates of STIs are on the rise for older adults.
STIs such as chlamydia, gonorrhea, herpes and syphilis, which are spread by unprotected sex, pose a threat to the health and well-being of people. People who have been infected with chlamydia (the most commonly reported STI in Canada and in this area) often experience no noticeable symptoms. This means people may not even realize they have been exposed to chlamydia if they have had unprotected sex with a new partner.
Locally, the recent Canadian Community Health Survey found that four in 10 respondents aged 15 to 49 years who lived in Haliburton County, Northumberland County or the City of Kawartha Lakes did not use a condom the last time they had sexual intercourse.
If you are sexually active or thinking about having sex, it's important to make healthy choices. By using a condom and being tested for STIs regularly, you can reduce the risk of contracting and spreading infections to a partner. Using condoms and other forms of birth control can also avoid unplanned pregnancies.
Talking with your sexual partner is important; asking questions and consulting with your health care provider can also be beneficial. The Health Unit can also help.
The Health Unit offers free sexual health clinics and counselling in Northumberland, Haliburton and Kawartha Lakes (call toll-free: 1-866-888-4577, ext. 1205, or visit www.hkpr.on.ca). Sexual Health clinics are staffed by Health Unit nurses and local physicians, providing clients with confidential access to cervical screening, low-cost birth control, pregnancy testing, emergency contraception, testing and treatment of STIs, and sexual health counselling.
This February, don't just say, ‘be mine, Valentine.' Assure your partner you've got things covered by using protection to reduce your risk of STIs.
Denise Smith is a sexual health nurse with the Haliburton, Kawartha, Pine Ridge District Health Unit
Balanced Fork co-owner John Behles wants to help out those pre-paid customers by offering up to a week's worth of food, for free.
That post encouraged customers to reach out to the corporate office for refunds, but, for now, there are no more prepared meals in pre-portioned sizes.
Customers showing up to either of the Fit Foods locations in Tulsa could only find out about the store closures on Facebook.
A company offering prepared meal plans and nutrition advice closed both of its Tulsa locations unexpectedly Thursday, leaving customers with questions.
Anyone trying to step into My Fit Foods faced a locked door with no explanation - but there's at least one Tulsa business owner that wants customers to take a chance with him for their next meal.
Customers showing up to either of the Fit Foods locations in Tulsa could only find out about the store closures on Facebook.
The general manager of the Cherry Street location apologized, saying he wasn't given much notice.
A Facebook post for the location in south Tulsa says the store was notified Wednesday night - "without warning or explanation" - that both Tulsa stores would close "immediately."
"Well Tulsa thank you for supporting us over the years and a big thank you from me, Jordan H. (Nutrition Coach/General Manager) for making the last couple of months really enjoyable. My Fit Foods Tulsa is effectively closed. Sorry to let you all know this way but I wasn't given much time myself. From the bottom of my crew and I hearts we will miss you all and are grateful to have met such wonderful people!!"
That post encouraged customers to reach out to the corporate office for refunds, but, for now, there are no more prepared meals in pre-portioned sizes.
"It was really convenient. The service was great, the food was great," said customer Erin Gebhard.
Gebhard and her friend, Taylor Grauer, have both eaten there before.
"When I've been in there, there's only been maybe like one or two other people in there at a time," Grauer said.
But other customers may use My Fit Foods for an entire pre-paid meal plan.
Balanced Fork co-owner John Behles wants to help out those pre-paid customers by offering up to a week's worth of food, for free.
"Five breakfasts, five lunches and five dinners," Behles said.
His company, only a few months into business, has a similar concept.
"Rather than having to go shopping, and preparing food, and cooking and then cleaning, they are basically able to pick up their meals," Behles said.
As for Grauer and Gebhard, they're just fine going across the street, to Andolini's, for their next meal to celebrate National Pizza Day.
We called and emailed My Fit Foods asking about the closures, but did not hear back.
James Ensley, general manager of the Vineyards location responded to one of our messages saying:
"At my store, I had myself and 4 employees. I had actually received an email Tuesday morning with approval from Corporate office to hire a 5th employee. Later Tuesday evening, about 9pm. I received a call from my District Manager saying effective immediately both Tulsa locations were closing. I was then given the task to contact all my employees and inform them that they no longer had a job. I wish I could tell you what happen to the food that was left in the store. We were not allowed back in the stores as locks were changed over night. I had attempted to contact current clients to inform them of the situation and was immediately locked out of all databases. I was not happy with the way the corporate office was handling letting the clients know which is what prompted my Facebook post."
We also asked if he was given any reason why the stores closed, Ensley said, "No, they offered no reasons or answered any of our questions."
A TOP former cop who identified the alleged killer of Tupac Shakur has blamed Suge Knight for the case never being solved.
The former Death Row Records boss was driving the car when 2Pac was shot and killed in Las Vegas on September 7, 1996. A new 10-part series documentary Netflix series – Unsolved, the Tupac and Biggie Murders – has been released in the UK based on a major Los Angeles Police Department task force probe led by former detective Greg Kading. The investigation concluded Orlando ‘Baby Lane' Anderson was the shooter after he had been attacked by Pac and his Death Row crew – including Knight – hours earlier in the MGM Grand immediately following a Mike Tyson fight. Kading and his team also came to the conclusion that Knight paid enforcer Darnell ‘Pouchie' Bolton to kill Biggie Smalls in LA on March 9, 1997.
GETTY FINAL PHOTO: The last known picture of Pac with Suge Knight driving before the shooting
DAILY STAR
The detectives had Keefe D, Anderson's uncle, confess under immunity when facing a 25-year prison stretch that he was a front-seat passenger in the car when his relative blasted Tupac in Sin City. Moreover Keefe D told how he looked straight at Knight who he had known since he was “seven or eight” when Anderson fired the fatal bullets. Keefe D and Knight grew up in the same Compton neighbourhood but were on opposing sides in the deadly gang warfare between Bloods (Knight) and Crips (Keefe D). “Suge Knight is as responsible for Tupac's murder not being solved as anybody, because as we now know Suge Knight looked directly at Keefe D and recognised him, knew him from childhood,” Kading told the Daily Star Online. “And all Suge Knight had to have done was be that one guy who said ‘yeah I saw these guys roll up, I know who they are, I looked right at him and that's when they shot and killed my artist'.
GREG KADING SUSPECTS: On the night of Tupac's murder, these men were allegedly in the car with Keefe D
"Suge Knight never provided that information. “Had he done that, then Orlando Anderson would have been prosecuted back at the time. “So we can all thank Suge Knight for Tupac's case never being solved.” Knight stuck to the code of the streets – never snitch to police officers unless you have no other choice. Incredibly he then needed Anderson to testify on his behalf because he was facing jail for violating his probation after stomping on Lane in the MGM Grand. One of the bullets grazed Knight when Pac was killed.
Kading said: “Once Tupac was dead, Suge Knight's primary concern was staying out of prison himself. “So if he had to pay the Devil to provide testimony favourable for him (Anderson denying Suge assaulted him), that's what he was going to do. “After Tupac dying, saving Death Row was the highest priority. “Suge knew he was not going to be able save Death Row from prison. “They did their best to keep it above water but as we all know it failed, it sunk. “So it was a very interesting position for Suge Knight to be in so he has to pay someone to perjure themselves on his behalf. “Even though that person was responsible for shooting Tupac and killing him, and shooting Suge himself.”
Compton Police FAMILY: Keefe D and Orlando Anderson have been constantly linked with Tupac's murder
At the time, Los Angeles Superior Court judge J Stephen Czuleger noted Anderson was obviously lying and Knight was sent to prison. Death Row Records, which gave the world iconic hip hop albums such as Snoop's Doggstyle, Dr Dre's the Chronic and Tupac's All Eyez on Me, went into permanent decline and filled for bankruptcy in 2006. Keefe D claimed Sean Puffy Combs, founder of Death Row's rival Bad Boy Records, had offered $1 million dollars for him to assassinate Tupac and Suge Knight in the months before the shooting. Combs has always strenuously denied these claims, stating they were "completely fictitious" and he wouldn't even "entertain this nonsense". The task force looked into Keefe D's claims but the LAPD did not feel the theory involving Combs was worth pursuing or investigating further. Kading's probe concluded Knight had hired Pouchie via his girlfriend Theresa Swann to kill Biggie in 1997 to avenge the death of Tupac.
DS SUSPECT: Darnell 'Pouchie' Bolton was accused of shooting Biggie Smalls for Suge Knight
Pouchie, who also used the alias Wardell Fouse, was killed in 2003 after being shot when riding his motorbike in Compton. Knight, now aged 53, is facing a murder trial after being involved in a hit and run in Compton three years ago. And Kading says it is unlikely anyone will be charged over either the Biggie or Tupac murder. He said: “Most of the witnesses are dead, the few remaining witnesses that would be able to bring testimony to court, you know they're gang members and drug dealers and perjurers. “And their reliability would be brought into question in court. “So I don't think any district attorney would be very confident moving forward charging Keefe D or Suge Knight as murderers.”
Conclusive proof that these dead celebrities are ALIVE? People have doubted the deaths of famous people since famous people started dying. Are these sightings proof that they faked their own deaths? 1 / 6 Getty/Youtube A Youtube video (right) alleges that the picture is a selfie taken by Tupac Shakur on a mobile phone from 2011
“Suge Knight has to pay someone to perjure themselves on his behalf. Even though that person was responsible for shooting Tupac and killing him, and shooting Suge himself.” Greg Kading, former LAPD detective Former LAPD detective Russell Poole had an alternative theory to Kading. The decorated cop, who died from a heart attack just under three years ago, believed Biggie's killers were alleged corrupt off-duty LAPD officers who provided security for Death Row Records. A new film starring Johnny Depp called City of Lies is based on Poole's investigation, and the competing theory also features in Netflix's Unsolved. Kading, now retired and who wrote Murder Rap on the case, is certain that Pouchie gunned down Biggie on Knight's behalf.
“There's absolutely no doubt in my mind regarding Biggie's killer,” he said. “It's very similar to the type of thing with Orlando and Tupac. "It's somebody who is willing to do that type of thing and was loyal to Suge Knight and was willing to do it for a certain amount of money. “And is already known in the neighbourhood as somebody who would not hesitate to pull a trigger. “So after getting the confession from Suge's girlfriend and she pointed out who the trigger man was, it made perfect sense.
YOUTUBE POLICE: Ex-copper Greg Kading says his team identified Biggie and Tupac's killers
- Advertisement -
Saudi Arabia said on Monday that public cinemas would be allowed in the conservative kingdom and the first cinemas were likely to open by March 2018.
“As the industry regulator, the General Commission for Audiovisual Media has started the process for licensing cinemas in the Kingdom,” Minister of Culture and Information Awwad Alawwad said in a statement.
“We expect the first cinemas to open in March 2018.”
Public cinemas in the country have been illegal since the 1980s, but a plan to reintroduce them has been mooted by the head of the General Authority for Entertainment, Amr al-Madani, as part of the government's Vision 2030 slate of cultural and economic reforms.
- Advertisement -
The grand mufti Abdulaziz al-Sheikh added: “I hope those in charge of the entertainment authority are guided to turn it from bad to good and not to open doors to evil.”
Vision 2030 was launched in 2016 by then deputy crown prince, Mohammad Salman.
Chief proposals include a reduction in unemployment from 11.6 per cent to seven per cent and upping the private sector's contribution to the economy from 40 per cent to 65 per cent.
The grand mufti attracted criticism in the west in 2012 when he issued a fatwa approving the marriage of girls as young as 10, saying “good upbringing makes a girl ready to perform all marital duties at that age”.
A WARPED thug is facing jail after being found guilty of raping and murdering a 72-year-old woman in her home.
SWNS VILE: Craig Keogh has been found guilty of raping and murdering Jane Hings
Evil Craig Keogh, 26, was convicted of suffocating Jane Hings. A court heard the vile yob entered the pensioner's bungalow in the early hours of September 24 last year while she was asleep in bed. He then carried out the "terrifying" sex attack on the frail OAP as she lay in bed and suffocated her to death with a pillow.
SWNS SCENE: The bungalow where the horrific crime took place
“I cannot imagine the terror and pain that Jane suffered” Detective Chief Inspector David Swift-Rollinson Keogh stole her mobile phone, cash and a quantity of jewellery including rings before fleeing the scene in Fleckney, Leics. Ms Hings – who lived alone – was found dead in her bed at 7am the following morning by two of her carers. Yesterday Keogh was found guilty of murder, two counts of rape and burglary at Birmingham Crown Court.
Murderers given whole life tariffs The prisoners serving whole life tariffs in the UK. 1 / 23 SWNS.com Montage of 55 of the whole life tariff prisoners who are currently being held in British prisons. Thomas Mair today joins the most notorious criminals who are destined to spend the rest of their lives behind bars.
Detective Chief Inspector David Swift-Rollinson, of Leicestershire Police, said afterwards: "I cannot imagine the terror and pain that Jane suffered that night at the hands of Keogh. "She lived alone in her bungalow, was vulnerable and largely dependent on the support of friends and neighbours, not least to walk her beloved greyhound Paddy. "Although she had been married before, Jane had no immediate family. "She had told neighbours that her uncle was the creator of the Inspector Morse novels, the late Colin Dexter. "She was a vulnerable, fragile lady whom I'm afraid would have suffered greatly during the sustained attack."
Forensic evidence linked Keogh to the scene after his DNA was found on the pensioner's pillows and a steel piercing bar he left behind. CCTV footage showed him walking down as street carrying a black bin liner. It contained what police believed was property stolen from the bungalow.
Inside the homes of notorious murderers Daily Star Pictures brings you an inside view of the homes of some of the most notorious murderers in the world. 1 / 25 PA Thomas Mair (1/3): Found guilty of killing Labour MP Jo Cox outside her West Yorkshire constituency surgery.
WINNIPEG – Patrik Laine recorded his third hat trick of his rookie season as the Winnipeg Jets ended their losing ways.
The Jets snapped their four game losing streak with a 5-2 victory over the Dallas Stars on Tuesday at MTS Centre to conclude their four game homestand.
Laine scored three times in the victory, including the game winner and once into the empty net to give him 26 goals on the season, just one behind Auston Matthews for the rookie scoring lead.
“It's always nice to score.” said Laine. “Yeah, it was a huge game for me and my linemates and the whole team, and these four last games haven't been that good. So it was nice to have a game like this.”
It was the second time this season Laine scored a hat trick against the Stars.
“When you're assessing Patty Laine and where he's at, if he didn't score the three goals, I could have still come out and said it was his best game of the season.” said head coach Paul Maurice. “All the other pieces to his game were NHL right on.”
Mark Scheifele had three assists in the victory while Joel Armia and Blake Wheeler scored the other goals for the Jets. They wasted a two goal second period lead but didn't let it faze them.
“I liked our resolve there.” said Wheeler. “There wasn't any panic. It was a good feeling in our room after the second period. Tie ball game with everything in front of us, a good opportunity to get a big win, so I thought we were pretty poised in that situation.”
Jamie Benn and Tyler Seguin found the goal for Dallas. The Stars now have just one win in their last nine games.
The Jets had allowed three or more goals in their last 15 straight games but Connor Hellebuyck only allowed two goals on 36 shots in the win.
“I've been playing the right way.” Hellebuyck said. “I found my game and I'm very comfortable in it and I'm just building confidence now.”
RELATED: Winnipeg Jets call up Julian Melchiori, place Ondrej Pavelec on IR
For the most part it was a pretty uneventful first period. But with a little under five minutes remaining the Jets broke in on a 2-on-1. Andrew Copp slid the puck across to Laine who had the tap in behind Antti Niemi. Scheifele also drew an assist on Laine's 24th goal of the season. The tally ended Laine's drought of five consecutive games without a goal. The Jets took a one goal lead to the second period despite being outshot 12-6.
Early in the middle stanza, the puck came off the end boards to Nikolaj Ehlers who had a wide open net, but he shot it off the goal post, keeping the Stars down by only a single goal.
With 12:22 left in the second period, Shawn Matthias sent a backhand into the faceoff circle for Armia and he beat Niemi between his legs for just his fifth goal of the season. Paul Postma also had a helper and the Jets were ahead by two.
Less than a minute after the Jets extended their lead the Stars answered back. Jason Spezza spotted an open Jamie Benn and he buried the shot behind Hellebuyck. His 19th goal of the season was also assisted by Seguin and it was a 2-1 game.
The Stars scored the equalizer soon after on the man advantage. Seguin, from the blueline, beat a screened Hellebuyck right along the ice for his 21st of the campaign. Benn and John Klingberg registered the assists and it was 2-2 after 40 minutes of play. It was the first powerplay goal the Jets have surrendered in the last four games. The Stars once again led in the shot department with an 11-10 advantage in the middle period.
There were a number of great scoring opportunities in the final frame as both teams hit the crossbar and then with 5:07 remaining in regulation Scheifele won the faceoff in the Stars zone. The puck came to Laine at the hash marks and he ripped the shot past Niemi for the go ahead goal. His 25th of the season put the Jets up for good as Wheeler and Laine scored empty net goals in the 5-2 triumph.
Chris Thorburn and Julian Melchiori were healthy scratches for Winnipeg. The Jets were also without an injured Toby Enstrom who missed his first game since getting hurt against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Saturday.
WATCH: Winnipeg Jets Post Game Reaction
RELATED: Lightning hand Jets fourth straight loss
For birthday boy Lucas Chua, sports car rides and Star Wars meet-and-greets were the order of the day on Saturday (Feb 3) courtesy of Make-A-Wish Foundation Singapore.
SINGAPORE: Like any other Star Wars fan, six-year-old Lucas Chua gasped in surprise when he met his on-screen idols for the first time, as Stormtroopers and Darth Vader entered the theatre in person to greet him as part of his advanced birthday party.
“Wow look at those Stormtroopers!,” exclaimed the young Star Wars fan, whose 7th birthday falls on Friday (Feb 9). “But make sure Darth Vader is not invited to the party later!”
Six-year-old Lucas Chua (centre) taking aim with a laser blaster prop together with his family at Lucasfilm Singapore. (Photo: Christy Yip)
Underneath Lucas' cheery and hyperactive exterior, though, is a boy living in pain and requiring constant medication – he is a cancer patient with Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
According to his parents Steven and Angela Chua, Lucas' daily routine after his life-threatening diagnosis in June 2017 involves a daily regimen of medication throughout the day, of which some would come with painful side-effects.
Said Mrs Chua: “Sometimes medication does bring pain to him and it gives him headaches and body aches, which would require us to massage him afterwards. We have to keep that up with a few weeks of medication and after that he'll get well.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“There are times when his medication would affect his sight, though, because the pills somehow create pressure in his brain and affect his optic nerves,” she added. “Thankfully those pills are for a two-week cycle only.”
For Lucas' parents, they vividly remember the day that their youngest son was diagnosed with leukaemia.
“He had a big haematoma that formed on his thigh, which wasn't normal. He was apparently already internally bleeding and for his kind of leukaemia it's aggressive,” said Mrs Chua. “Doctors said usually, for people who come in (with his condition), they will usually suffer from bleeding in the brain. Back then his (swelling) was already moving up … his blood count was very low and it didn't improve for three days.
She added: “Lucas started his treatments last year in June … and so he stayed in hospital to go for aggressive chemotherapy for the following three months. Even so, he still has to continue with chemo for the next two years.
“He is currently in a good place and we hope he'll attain a good level of remission after the treatments."
It was through Star Wars and its toy figurines that Lucas was able to keep his mind off his chemotherapy treatment late last year, according to his father Mr Chua. “When he was in the hospital - just to keep his spirits up and to keep his mind off his condition - I asked him what toy he would like to make him happy. He then said that he likes Star Wars Lego figurines, in particular Jedi figurines and so I looked around and got them all for him and he was so happy,” he said.
One of the activities lined up for Lucas Chua by Make-A-Wish Foundation Singapore was a theatre screening of a Star Wars Lego episode. (Photo: Christy Yip)
“So we played together, and created a lot of stories with those figurines and he was so happy. He kept it with him every day and helped to keep his mind off his condition.”
WISH COME TRUE
In order to lift his spirits, the Make-A-Wish Foundation Singapore approached the Chua family towards the end of 2017, to organise a Star Wars-themed birthday party for the six-year-old at Lucasfilm Singapore's Sandcrawler building on Saturday (Feb 3).
Together with car company Autobahn Motors and local football academy FCBescola Singapore – a soccer school with links to Lucas' favourite football club FC Barcelona – the Make-A-Wish Foundation, which has since granted the wishes of over 1,340 children since 2002 in Singapore, put together a day to remember for the young leukaemia patient.
Beginning with a morning Ferrari ride with his two elder brothers Christian and Elliot, Lucas' day got even better as he was all smiles and energy during his Star Wars party which was attended by about 60 friends and family members.
Lucas Chua (top right) enjoying a ride in a Ferrari at the back seat with his brothers Elliot (top left) and Christian (bottom right). (Photo: Noor Farhan)
The cherry on top was when a squad of Star Wars characters entered the in-house theatre at Lucasfilm Singapore, right after a screening of an episode of the Star Wars Lego animated series for his friends and family.
“He is a very energetic kid, especially when he sees his friends, the anticipation of the Make-a-wish (party) and leading up to it and the actual wish brought out a lot of joy and excitement in him and today was really a climax,” said Mrs Chua, on the sidelines of Lucas' advanced birthday party at Sandcrawler building.
Star Wars characters at Lucasfilm Singapore. (Photo: Make-A-Wish Singapore)
“Being able to use his imagination, to conceive what he wanted for his wish and what would happen on the day itself, as well as thinking about who would be attending … all this helped to release his focus on the medication and made his day-to-day living more exciting,” explained Mrs Chua.
Acknowledging how fun and laughter plays a part in helping children deal with illness, Lucas' father Mr Chua was grateful for the Foundation's efforts in making his child happy.
Lucas Chua (centre), together with his elder siblings Christian (left) and Elliot (right). (Photo: Christy Yip)
“The good thing about children is that they get over the pain easily because they can be distracted,” he said. “His brothers are there to play with him, and when his mind is thinking of play, he doesn't think about his illness and pain.
“It was really a great experience for Lucas … especially after what he's gone through for the past few months. We're definitely happy with what Make-a-wish has done, as it's a wonderful programme and from the look on his face, Lucas was very happy with how today went.”
SINGAPORE: Retail sales in Singapore fell 1.9 per cent in December from the previous month, as vehicle sales slumped during the year-end period, according to data released by the Department of Statistics (SingStat) said on Wednesday (Feb 15).
Excluding motor vehicle sales, retail sales rose 0.7 per cent last month.
When compared with the previous year, retail sales increased 0.4 per cent, mainly due to a jump in the medical goods and toiletries sector. Excluding motor vehicles, retail sales rose 0.3 per cent.
The total retail sales value for the month was estimated at S$4.2 billion, similar to that in December 2015.
Sales of motor vehicles slumped 11.9 per cent in December compared to November. Sales of computer and telecommunications equipment fell 6.8 per cent, while department store sales fell 2.2 per cent during the same period.
Other sectors reported higher month-on-month sales of between 0.1 per cent and 6 per cent.
Sales of food and beverage services fell 2.2 per cent on a month-on-month basis and declined 0.3 per cent when compared to the previous year. The total sales value in this sector was estimated at S$695 million, lower than the S$698 million in December 2015, Singstat said.
The Retail Sales Index and the Food and Beverage Services Index measure the short-term performance of retail and F&B service industries based on their sales records. The sales figures exclude taxes such as GST and COE.
The Pennsylvania SPCA removed 15 dogs from the home of an alleged unlicensed breeder in Lancaster County last week after it received a tip that dogs were being illegally debarked. The group found that three dogs, including Rosella shown here, had been debarked by someone who had pushed a pipe-like object down their throats multiple times. Courtesy of Pennsylvania SPCA
PARIS: A car smashed into a pizza restaurant east of Paris late Monday (Aug 14), killing an eight-year-old girl and badly injuring six other people, the police said, adding that the driver had been arrested.
Investigators believe the act was "deliberate ... but apparently has no connection with a terrorist act," the public prosecutor's office in the town of Meaux said.
France has suffered a string of terror-related attacks, including the use of cars as weapons.
On Aug 9, six soldiers were injured after they were hit by a rented BMW in a western Paris suburb.
The suspect, a 36-year-old Algerian man, was later shot and wounded after a dramatic motorway chase.
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
JOSH Tucker looks set to continue his evil assault spree.
In last night's Coronation Street, Josh Tucker (Ryan Clayton) was arrested after David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) reported him as a rapist to police. He maintained his innocence and it looks like he'll soon be let go by the police, if new filming pictures are anything to go by. Actors Ryan Clayton, Jack P Shepherd, Daniel Brocklebank and an unknown new face were seen filming. It looks like Billy (Brocklebank) will get himself back onto the straight and narrow, as he was seen wearing his dog collar. The vicar seems to have accompanied poor David in a mission to catch Josh, who was seen with an unidentified man.
ZENPIX LTD EVIL: Josh Tucker won't be convicted, says Kate Oates
TV villains: The characters we love to hate The worst villians in soap and TV from EastEnders' Janine Butcher and Cersei Lannister from Game of Thrones. 1 / 40 ITV Coronation Street David Platt's rape hell over as evil Josh Tucker ARRESTED
ZENPIX LTD JUSTICE: David and Billy go on the hunt for Josh
Could the new Coronation Street cast member be Josh's next victim? It was recently confirmed that David wasn't Josh's first target, as Shona Ramsey (Julia Goulding) got in touch with his old place of work. There, she found Dec (Josh Harper) who had also been sexually assaulted by Josh in the past. He came to Weatherfield to speak to David about him, which spurred David on to go to the police.
ZENPIX LTD NEW VICTIM: Could Josh Tucker have another target in mind?
The most groundbreaking Soap storylines ever The most groundbreaking Soap storylines ever, from assisted-suicides and teen pregnancy to THAT lesbian kiss in Brookside 1 / 43 ITV Aidan Connor's dramatic suicide exit scenes cause backlash from Coronation Street fans
“I believe that, in this instance, David's perpetrator wouldn't be convicted” Kate Oates But Josh could be free to continue his reign of terror among other unsuspecting men, as exiting executive produce Kate Oates said he won't be sent down. She told Radio Times: "I believe that, in this instance, David's perpetrator wouldn't be convicted. I'm not afraid of controversy – it's more important to reflect the truth. "If you tie things up with a bow, there's a danger people will just think, 'We don't need to talk about this anymore. It's done.'" There will be some justice however, just not in the form of a sentence in a courtroom.
ITV GOTCHA: Josh Tucker was arrested in last night's episode
Soap Hunks Past and Present Soap Hunks Past and Present 1 / 21 BBC/GETTY EASTENDERS heartthrob Dennis Rickman played by Nigel Harman has completely transformed
We all know to avoid packing the obvious things that could make TSA physically search your bag, but sometimes it might still be singled out despite your best efforts. Here's what the TSA looks for and how to pack your bags accordingly to reduce the likelihood that they search your bag.
Your bag has to go through a detailed x-ray scan, so as the article on New Creations suggests, think about how your everyday items could appear to a person looking for threats on an x-ray machine. The following list are the items that look like part of an explosive device and could trigger a TSA search:
Advertisement
Advertisement
Personal electronics
Hair driers
Curling Irons
Electric Razors
iPods / Music players
Connecting cables and wires
Battery chargers
Shoes (especially shoe soles)
Books
Toiletries
Shampoo
Soap
Hair care products
Paper reports
Lotions
Perfumes
Food stuffs (peanut butter, tortillas, burritos, Reese's cups, etc.)
This isn't a complete list, but basically you should be thinking about “anything that has a density of a liquid, gel, paper or soft plastic.” Knowing this, you can be more strategic about how you pack your checked bags:
The key is to pack your suitcase in such a way that we keep anything that might appear to be a triggering device physically separated from anything that might be mistaken for explosive material. That means we need to keep some distance in our luggage between our consumer electronics and electrical devices and any of those things which has a similar density to potential explosives. Fortunately we can use our clothes to pack in between them and provide that physical separation. In the TSA screening machines clothes are obviously not either component so you can use your clothes to provide the physical separation you want to expedite the screening process.
The author has noted that following this has dramatically reduced the likelihood of TSA searching his bags.
Sponsored
How to Pack Luggage That Flies Through TSA Screening Without Being Opened | New Creations
The Dow Jones industrial average closed more than 600 points lower Friday, only the ninth time in history that has happened.
The index posted a loss of nearly 666 points, its sixth-worst decline ever on a points basis.
The last time the index posted a drop of more than 600 points was June 24, 2016, the day after the Brexit vote.
The eight other times the Dow closed more than 600 points lower all took place in the last 18 years. Half occurred during the financial crisis in 2008.
REUTERS: Manchester United can use Sunday's impressive performance against Premier League leaders Chelsea as inspiration to achieve a strong finish to the season, winger Ashley Young has said.
Young captained United to their first league win over Chelsea since 2012 as they beat the London side 2-0 at Old Trafford to be at fifth in the table, four points behind fourth-placed Manchester City with a game in hand.
United host Anderlecht in the second leg of the Europa League quarter-final on Thursday and Young is hopeful that they can beat the Belgian side and advance in their quest to book a spot in next season's Champions League.
"We want to be pushing on. A lot has been said about how we want to finish fourth but... I want to finish higher than that," Young told British media.
"Hopefully we have a (Europa League) semi-final coming up. If we can play like we did against Chelsea, then I am sure we can get through against Anderlecht and into the semi-finals."
England manager Gareth Southgate was present during Sunday's match but Young remains focused on performing for his club rather than hoping for a call-up to the national squad.
"It is always an honour and maybe one day it (an England call-up) will happen again," Young said.
"But I am just concentrating on Manchester United and wanting to play well here. It is down to the England manager."
United travel to Burnley after the Anderlecht game before the Manchester derby on April 27.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
The former chairman of China's Anbang Insurance Group Co , Wu Xiaohui, has lodged an appeal against his conviction for fraud and embezzlement that led to a sentence of 18 years in prison, his lawyers said.
BEIJING: The former chairman of China's Anbang Insurance Group Co , Wu Xiaohui, has lodged an appeal against his conviction for fraud and embezzlement that led to a sentence of 18 years in prison, his lawyers said.
While not unknown, it is unusual for convicted suspects in high-profile cases in China to appeal. The news comes on the same day that China's top court, in a rare reversal, declared the founder of retailer Wumart innocent, overturning a decade-old conviction for fraud and bribery.
Advertisement
Wu, who steered the insurance giant as it became one of China's most aggressive dealmakers, was put on trial in late March, charged with illegal fundraising worth 65.2 billion yuan (US$10.2 billion) and embezzling 10 billion yuan from its insurance fund.
The government took control of Anbang in February, part of a sweeping campaign to reduce financial risk and discourage what it sees as profligate investing by large private conglomerates.
Li Guifang, a lawyer best known for defending Chinese politician Bo Xilai in a blockbuster corruption trial in 2013, and fellow lawyer Chen Youxi have been hired for the appeal.
The Shanghai High People's Court has started preparations for a review, they said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A state takeover group will control Anbang for at least one year to overhaul its equity structure, seek fresh capital from strategic investors in the private sector and dispose some of its assets.
Anbang brokerage Century Securities was put up for sale this month with a price tag of at least US$560 million - the first of the planned asset sales.
(US$1 = 6.4033 Chinese yuan)
(Reporting by Shu Zhang and Ben Blanchard; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
Dale's Supermarket will be moving from its customary downtown location into the former Heartland Foods building in Hillsboro Heights. Co-owner Dale Franz hoped to move into the remodeled building in late summer or early fall.
Dale's Supermarket will be moving into the former Vogts/Heartland Foods building in Hillsboro Heights by late summer or early fall.
Dale Franz, co-owner, said Saturday he plans to move the business into a fully remodeled location with new efficient equipment, an expansion of its popular meat market and a significantly larger selection of fresh produce and other requested products.
“We just started feeling like through all the support that everybody had given to us through all of this, so we were just listening and taking notes what people were wanting,” he said.
“The town deserves more. We really couldn't give them everything from here. So we started talking a little more and getting a little more serious about it.”
Grocery evolution
The relocation of Dale's Supermarket is a another step in the evolution of grocery options in Hillsboro that began when the Vogt family built a new store in Hillsboro Heights in 2003.
In 2014, the Vogt family sold the business to Heart­land Foods, who continued the operation until closing the business in late Decem­ber that same year.
In April 2015, Wal-Mart opened a new store in Hills­boro Heights, but closed it in January 2016 because of a corporate policy change.
Dollar General eventually acquired the building and remodeled it to offer expanded grocery options later that year.
“Years and years ago, I told the boys that if Wal-Mart ever came to town—and I said they won't, but if they ever do—we're not going to fight, we're just going to close and walk away,” Franz said.
“But through Wal-Mart coming in, we were blessed tremendously by the community in the overwhelming support we received.”
Weighing options
Through those years, the Franz family weighed their options for future.
“We were back and forth—what can we do (at the current location), do we go more to Internet shipping of sausage and mainly push on that and switch our whole aspect?” he said.
“We kept looking at what it would take to fix up this building —flooring, remodeling,” he said. “We were maxed out on electricity so we'd have to bring in new electrical service.
“And it didn't matter what we'd spend, we're landlocked,” Franz added. “We would never have enough (space) to satisfy what the people were wanting, and we would never have enough parking.”
Offer to lease
Franz said he received a phone call from Paul Barnes not long after the city council declined a request from Grace Community Fellow­ship to acquire the Heartland building for a new church facility. The council hoped to see the building remain a retail location.
“Paul Barnes gave me a call and he said the building is sitting empty, do you want to talk sometime,” Franz said. “So we talked, we had some plans drawn up. They had sold everything off (after closing the store), so it's gutted. Basically, the back wall is there, plus the offices and the restrooms. That's it.”
The Franz family negotiated a three-year lease with the Heartland Foods corporation, and the Franz family officially took possession of the property Friday.
The business plan is to use the three years to create a business track record for the possibility of getting a loan to exercise the purchase option.
“We'll get one loan at a time, and when it comes time we can go to the banks and say what we're doing—here's what we're paying in lease payments, and a mortgage would be cheaper than that,” he said.
Developing plans
The layout of the new Dale's Super­market will resemble the Vogts floor plan and look when it reopens, according to Franz, but with improvements.
“We're going to put down new flooring and we'll remodel because we have to take out some of the back wall to make the meat department ready for full service,” he said. “Some things will look very similar to the way Vogts had it, just the way its set up.
“Where we put freezers down, (the facility) has the barrier in the floor for those freezers,” Franz added. “Those things will be going in exactly like they were. The dairy and milk coolers will be the same, the produce will be in the same area.”
The new store will offer, among other things, pre-packed meat as well as the fresh-meat counter, and the new store will include a floral department.
“You look at the town, it can't support a flower shop on its own,” Franz said. “But maybe incorporated with this to where we have the foot traffic, it's a possibility.”
Franz said the new location won't offer a sit-down eating area like the previous owners had tried, but they are considering a produce “island” where customers can create their own salad to take home.
Potential risk
Franz said he knows a big move increases his risk.
“We're hoping it all works out,” he said. “If I really wanted to be safe, I'd stay (at the current location), fix this up a little bit, do it for another 5-10 years and retire,” he said.
“I'm sure I would make more money staying here because the pro forma going in out (to Hillsboro Heights) with all the added expenses, it's not as profitable.
“But if we can present something (enticing), have a wider selection of options and not be gouging people with prices, I think we can keep a few more people in town and even pull a few more from elsewhere.”
Franz said when the new store is ready to open, he is definitely planning a grand opening.
“We'll have representatives there (though the warehouse supplier), and we'll probably have samples,” he said. “We've even kicked around doing sausage sliders.”
As for the building the family own at the corner of Main Steet and Grand Avenue, Franz said he plans to keep it for the time being and rent the space for other business opportunities.
“We've had a few inquiries, asking about the east end,” he said. “And we have somebody else who may be interested in the middle section.
“We plan on keeping the building for now—if I can get enough rent out of it to pay the taxes.”
As compared to women, the skin of men has more collagen and elastin that makes their skin thick and firm and, hence, the signs of ageing appear much later than compared to women. Therefore, it is important for men as well to take care of their skin by following a cleansing routine, say experts.
Rohit Batra, Dermatologist at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, and Neha Mittal, Aesthetic and Cosmetic Physician at Dermaworld skin and hair clinic, have listed pointers for men to follow:
* Know your skin type: This is the first step to schedule your skin care routine. Take a tissue test and see if you have dry, oily or combination skin. Generally, people with oily skin tend to have oil on their t-zone (forehead, nose, and chin). Check this using a tissue paper and get to know your skin type.
* Choose products as per skin type: Since there is a difference between the skin of males and females, the products are made specifically keeping in mind all those factors. Make sure to use skin care products mindfully.
* Follow a cleansing routine: Men should wash their face at least twice a day using a mild face wash that suits their skin. As the skin tends to get oily throughout the day and block the pores, it is important to follow a regular cleansing routine. Watch out if it dries your skin and change the products accordingly.
* Exfoliation: All that dirt and oil accumulated on the face results in blackheads or whiteheads and forms a layer of dead skin. Exfoliation sheds off this layer and brings out a smooth, healthy skin. In case you have an oily skin, use salicylic acid-based scrub. A glycolic face wash is also a good buy as it cleanses as well as exfoliates.
* Do not forget SPF: SPF should be an important part of your skin care regime as it protects the skin from the harmful UV rays of the sun that leads to sunburn, tanning and gradually leads to early ageing. For men, a sunscreen with an SPF of 30 is a great option and should be used daily. Reapplying the skin care is the second step to increasing its effectiveness.
* Moisturise: After thorough cleaning and exfoliation, it is important to moisturise your skin to keep it soft and supple. A moisturising cream provides the right amount of moisture to the skin to keep it hydrated and healthy. A hand cream, body lotion are some good options.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
With Hastings Fat Tuesday music festival fast approaching, the team is inviting anyone who would like to be a part of the show-stopping event to volunteer.
Training and travel expenses will be provided, as well as professional guidance for those interested in working in the event or music industries. There are a range of opportunities available from February 9 to 13, including handing out flyers and programmes at events; front of house greeters; Umbrella Parade marshals; and event support at Le Grand Mardi Gras Ball (February 10), Unplugged Saturday (February 10), and the Fat Tuesday Tour (February 13).
Ideally volunteers will be over 18, but there are also roles for older teens. Hastings Fat Tuesday is looking for people who can commit to a schedule, love working with the public, and who are interested in music.
Anyone interested should contact John Knowles on 07813 035514 or by emailing fetchtheatre@gmail.com.
Hastings Fat Tuesday is the first major event of the year in Hastings' cultural calendar, and launch event for the area-wide Music Month initiative. In 2017 the festival drew an audience of 11,000.
In 2018, festival partners include BBC Introducing and The Joe Strummer Foundation.
Hasting Fat Tuesday borrows heavily from the New Orleans take on Mardi Gras, combining the enjoyment of good music, a flair for dressing up and partying.
Now in its ninth year Hastings Fat Tuesday has a programme of 10 featured events, showcasing more than 154 acts across multiple venues in Hastings, including family activities, Umbrella Parade, Le Grand Mardi Gras Ball, and UnConvention, a day-long music industry event with diverse panellists. The climax is the Fat Tuesday Tour, with 24 emerging and established bands touring Hastings Old Town venues, performing three 20-minute sets each. See hastingsfattuesday.co.uk.
Officers in Broken Arrow are looking for the man they say broke into a church.
They said the man stole money, laptops, and tools from Immanuel Lutheran Church early Friday morning.
The department shared this picture on its Facebook page.
If you recognize him, call Broken Arrow Police.
China FM to attend G20 meeting alongside Tillerson
by Staff Writers
Beijing (AFP) Feb 14, 2017
Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi will attend a G20 gathering this week, China announced Tuesday, setting up a possible first encounter with new US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
Last week, as Sino-US tensions over Taiwan simmered, it seemed Wang would skip the meeting of top diplomats from the Group of 20 nations opening in Bonn Thursday to be at a Beijing event.
But following a conciliatory call between US President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping, Wang has suddenly found time to go to the high-level gathering, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told reporters at a regular press briefing.
He declined to comment on whether Wang would meet Tillerson, who is expected to make his international diplomatic debut at the Bonn conference.
The summit will mark the highest-level brush yet between China and the Trump administration, which angered Beijing by questioning a decades-old position acknowledging that Taiwan is not separate from China.
But Trump on Friday reaffirmed US adherence to the so-called "One China" policy in a phone call with Xi.
Trump described the conversation as "very warm", in an apparent effort to ease frictions.
The billionaire politician has threatened to upend decades of multilateralism and raised fears of trade wars with his "America first" positions.
Geng, the Chinese foreign ministry spokesman, said Beijing hopes the G20 gathering will "send positive signals on supporting multilateralism, enhancing global governance and creating an innovative, interconnected, open and inclusive world economy".
Trump's insurgent campaign for the White House included frequently lashing out at China, which he accused of currency manipulation and stealing American jobs.
He raised eyebrows in the wake of his election victory with a protocol-busting telephone conversation with Taiwan's President Tsai Ing-wen.
He later threw doubt on the "One China" policy, suggesting that it was up for negotiation and could form part of talks on trade, drawing rebukes from official Chinese media.
Taiwan has been ruled separately since the two sides split in 1949 at the end of a civil war.
Posted by Mike Florio on April 17, 2017, 6:14 PM EDT
The Colts have the most important position in football covered. It's the rest of the roster that needs work.
As to the critically important job of keeping the team's franchise quarterback healthy, the offensive line knows that it needs to do more in 2017. Offensive lineman Jack Mewhort believes it will.
“Continuity is a big thing on the offensive line,” Mewhort told reporters on Monday. “Continuity and then consistency with the guys that you have in there. So once you can establish those two things, I believe you have a chance to have a really good offensive line. I believe we have the talent in that room. And whoever comes in or comes out or leaves, we're going to make do with whatever we got. Those young guys from last year did a great job and they're all going to be a year older. So the key is, like I said, to just keep improving every day and not rest on things that you have done. The coaches did a great job stressing that to us – not getting complacent and to keep moving forward. We know we have a lot of room to improve and that's one of our goals.”
To get there, the offensive linemen for the most part stayed in Indianapolis throughout the offseason, working out together and otherwise spending time together. Will that make a different from September through December?
“Well, you think about the NFL,” Mewhort said. “The stereotypical NFL player is a cool guy that likes to get in warm weather and go to the night clubs. The opposite of that is our offensive line room. We're all pretty much Midwest guys. Le'Raven [Clark] is a Texas guy, but we don't have a ton going on socially. So we like to hang out with each other, and we enjoy each other.
“We're friends, and we've been through a lot together just in that year with those young guys. I think we really enjoy being together and laughing and hanging out. I mean that's all we do. Pretty much laugh, hang out and eat. That's the gist of it. So, yeah, we enjoy being around each other coming in here every day and pushing each other and kind of establishing that connection so when we go out and hit the field that we kind of have a leg up and we're able to gel with each other better.”
Whether that helps keep Andrew Luck from getting banged around excessively will be revealed when the time comes to play games that count in less than five months.
American Bar Association monitors report misdemeanor defendants in Nashville often aren't told they are entitled to a lawyer even when their charges mean they could end up behind bars.
The Justice A. A. Birch Building, which houses Davidson County criminal court operations, in downtown Nashville, Tennessee (Michelle Morrow/The Tennessean via AP Photo)
The defendants were booked, photographed, fingerprinted and then led into Court 1A in the county courthouse in Nashville. There was no judge. Prosecutors handling the misdemeanor cases invited the accused who were interested in pleading guilty to step forward and finalized plea deals for suspended sentences and an array of fines. There were no defense lawyers, nor were any of the defendants advised they were entitled to one.
Later that day in September 2016, a group of five defendants was called up by a local prosecutor and offered the previously arranged plea deals, some of which might have resulted in days behind bars. One defendant asked to see a judge. The prosecutor said that was not possible, and that her only choice at that moment was to plead guilty, or to plead not guilty and go to trial. The defendant could only speak to the judge, the prosecutor said, if she rejected the plea offer. Again, none of the defendants was told they had the right to see a lawyer before entering any plea.
The scenes in Nashville's Court 1A last year are included in an American Bar Association report examining what the organization sees as one of the most routine constitutional violations taking place in U.S. courts every day: the failure to notify indigent defendants facing misdemeanor charges that can carry jail time that they are entitled to a lawyer. The report, done by the association's section on civil rights and social justice, was approved and released by the ABA's board Friday afternoon.
The report's authors declined to comment on the ABA effort, saying that the document speaks for itself.
“Volunteer lawyers repeatedly observed both judges and prosecutors violate indigent defendants' right to counsel under Tennessee law,” the report states.
Nashville District Attorney Glenn Funk did not reply to an inquiry sent to his office seeking comment on the report.
The ABA report said the lack of counsel for defendants facing misdemeanor charges punishable with time behind bars is “an extremely serious and pervasive problem that can no longer be ignored or tolerated.”
The report points to a number of studies in recent years that had begun to better document the problem, including work the ABA had done in several states in 2006. “There is a shocking disconnect between the system of justice envisioned by the Supreme Court's right-to-counsel decisions and what actually occurs in many of this nation's misdemeanor courts,” it says.
The report cites two Supreme Court decisions in establishing that many of those charged with misdemeanors are entitled to a lawyer. A 1972 case said that such lawyers were required even in misdemeanor cases, absent a “valid waiver of counsel” by the defendant. Thirty years later, the report stated, the court made clear that defendants being offered suspended sentences — deals that spare defendants immediate imprisonment so long as they meet certain conditions — were also due representation by a lawyer.
In Nashville, the ABA had volunteer lawyers spend Sept. 12, 2016, in Davidson County General Sessions Court. The ABA described the effort as the launch of a national project to “review practices in misdemeanor courts in other states throughout the country.” In Tennessee, there are state provisions that make explicit the right to a lawyer, even for those facing misdemeanor charges.
The defendants in the courtrooms monitored by the ABA were typically facing minor drug charges or driving with suspended licenses, offenses that could result in jail time. The report describes an assembly-line atmosphere, done almost entirely without the presence of defense lawyers.
When a judge did turn up in Court 1A, she merely confirmed with the court clerk that plea deals had been signed, according to the report.
“The judge did not inquire whether the defendants understood the plea agreement or its consequences; did not inform defendants of their right to counsel and to a trial; and did not ask if defendants were waiving any of their rights,” the report states. “After accepting the pleas, the judge announced that she would return to the bench after the clerk had seven more pleas prepared. During the morning's court session, this process was repeated several times.”
Joseph Ozment, president of the Tennessee Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers, said the prosecutors are not looking out for the defendant's rights. Ozment also blamed the judges overseeing the cases.
“I think it's an ethical conflict for the district attorney, I think they're putting themselves in a position of representing a defendant when they start advising them of rights,” he said. “The trouble is that the judges let this practice go on. There's a judge in that courtroom that can say, ‘No, I'm not allowing you to do this.' Why the judges are allowing this is more troubling than the fact that the district attorney is doing it.”
Ozment said judges may allow the practice to lower their caseload and to dispose of cases quickly.
“I think it's a situation where a judge is more concerned with the number of cases in his courtroom than making sure that the prosecutor is doing their job and the defendant's rights are protected.”
Presiding Judge Gale Robinson in Nashville did not respond to a request for comment sent to him Friday through the state's Administrative Office of the Courts.
The report also states that the ABA's observers did not see the prosecutor inform defendants that there is a waiver process if they couldn't afford to pay fees or fines.
The ABA lawyers spoke in detail with the woman who asked to see the judge and rejected a plea deal.
“She was a single black woman, age 37, with three children, ages 14, 10, and 8,” the report states. “Her disabled grandmother also lived with her. She worked two jobs to take care of her family and brought home just under $1200 monthly. After paying rent of $715, she had very little left to meet everyone's needs. She reported having been to Court 1A five times in the past two years, facing charges of driving on a suspended license. Each time, her experience was the same. She was assessed a fine she could not afford and, for this reason, she was unable to get her license reinstated.”
A court bailiff overheard the ABA lawyers talking with the defendant. The bailiff then informed the defendant that she could go to the clerk's office on a different floor of the courthouse and ask for a waiver that might lower the amount of the fine. The defendant told the ABA lawyers that during her previous appearances in Nashville's courts, she was never told about the form even after telling the court she couldn't pay the fines.
Several ABA observers then went to the clerk's office to obtain about a dozen of the forms to make them available in Court 1A.
“The clerk replied she was only permitted to hand out one copy, and people who needed them had to request them from her directly,” the report states. “When the observers asked how defendants were supposed to know that these forms existed, she replied they would have to know they existed in order to request them.”
Nashville's Clerk of Courts, Howard Gentry, did not respond to an inquiry for comment on the report's findings.
Duvall's slam helps Reds beat Diamondbacks 7-4
Duvall's slam helps Reds beat Diamondbacks 7-4
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018, 06:02 IST 8 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
PHOENIX (AP) — Adam Duvall and Scott Schebler have been part of a four-player platoon system in Cincinnati's outfield.
Interim manager Jim Riggleman plans to play them more now, and Wednesday's performance showed why.
Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and the Reds rallied for a 7-4 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping last-place Cincinnati salvage the finale of the three-game set.
"Your corner outfielders have got to be productive offensive players," Riggleman said, "and both of them are heating up a little bit."
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings. The left-hander struck out 10, walked one and threw two wild pitches.
"I thought I was making some good pitches there," Corbin said. "It was just those two I'd obviously like to have back."
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Cincinnati right-hander Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in his first win since May 4, yielding four runs and seven hits. He was 0-3 with a 12.79 ERA in his previous three starts.
Raisel Iglesias got four outs for his ninth save in his first appearance since being sidelined by a biceps injury. Pinch hitter Daniel Descalso and Jarrod Dyson singled to start the ninth but Goldschmidt fouled out, Duvall made a sliding grab of Jake Lamb's sinking liner to left and Murphy popped out.
Corbin was cruising with a 4-0 lead when Tucker Barnhart and Votto opened the fourth with singles and Suarez walked on a 3-2 pitch to load the bases. That brought up Duvall, who hit a drive into the seats in left-center for his second career grand slam.
"That at-bat went from real bad to real good real quick," Duvall said. "I took a first-pitch strike right down the middle, a first-pitch fastball that I thought was a slider. The pitch after that I swung at one kind of in the dirt. But it was good to see one up and put the barrel to it."
Suarez opened the sixth with a single, Duvall struck out and Schebler launched a shot 433 feet to right.
"I got that one pretty good," Schebler said. "He threw me about eight straight sliders, just finally got one up. ... After throwing it that many times it seemed like he was going to keep coming with it until I proved I could hit it."
It was a disappointing finish for Arizona after a fast start.
Dyson led off the first with a single and Goldschmidt, moved up to second in the batting order in recent games, knocked Romano's 1-1 pitch into the visitor's bullpen for his seventh homer of the season. After Jake Lamb flew out, Murphy doubled to the left-center gap and scored on David Peralta's single, sliding in just ahead of Billy Hamilton's throw from short center field.
Murphy's fourth home run in his last six games made it 4-0 after three.
GOLDY'S ENCOURAGEMENT
Romano complemented Goldschmidt on the home run he hit on what the pitcher said was a good pitch. Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said it was a good sign for the slumping slugger.
"I've said this now for the past year and a half," Lovullo said, "any time a hitter is staying on a ball and hitting the ball the opposite way it's very encouraging."
It was Goldschmidt's first homer at home this season.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Reds: Iglesias threw a 45-pitch bullpen session on Monday without any negative results, setting the stage for his reinstatement.
Diamondbacks: RHP Shelby Miller, recovering from Tommy John surgery, threw five innings in his first rehab start for Class A Visalia on Tuesday night, allowing a run and four hits. He struck out eight with no walks.
UP NEXT
Reds: Following an off day, Tyler Mahle (3-6, 4.76 ERA) starts Friday night at San Diego. The Reds finish a nine-game trip with three against the Padres.
Diamondbacks: RHP Clay Buchholz (0-1, 1.64 ERA) pitches Friday night in the opener of a three-game set against Miami.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — An appeals court has upheld the conviction of a former Ohio sheriff imprisoned for public corruption.
Ex-Athens County Sheriff Patrick Kelly was accused of pocketing cash by selling county vehicles to a salvage yard and spending public money on clothes and meals. He was sentenced to seven years in prison.
His attorney argued there was insufficient evidence to convict Kelly on several charges, including theft and engaging in a pattern of corrupt activity.
Defense attorney Scott Wood also questioned instructions to the jury and alleged the court wrongly found Kelly guilty of contempt.
The Fourth Ohio District Court of Appeals rejected those arguments in a unanimous ruling last week, saying there was sufficient evidence to support the convictions.
"Warehouse 13" star Eddie McClintock will return as a recurring guest star in the upcoming episode of "Bones" Season 12. Add to that, the official plot description and promo clip of episode 8 "The Final Chapter: The Grief and The Girl" is provided here.
According to Buddy TV, "Warehouse 13" star Eddie McClintock will officially reprise his guest role in the upcoming episode of "Bones" Season 12. The 49-year old American actor portrays the role of FBI Agent Tim "Sully" Sullivan.
Sully happens to be Brennan's old flame. He will reappear in "The Final Chapter: The Grief and The Girl".
Advertisement
As per the official plot synopsis of episode 8 titled as "The Final Chapter: The Grief and The Girl", Spoilers Guide notes, "A blast from the past returns. A recent loss creates a rift between Seeley Booth and Temperance Brennan, as they deal with their grief in different ways. Meanwhile, an old flame (returning guest star Eddie McClintock) from Brennan's past comes to visit."
Aside from that, here's a quick rundown of the final twp episodes of "Bones" Season 12 have returned to a more balanced tone.
In "The Tutor in the Tussle," the culprit who shot an upscale school tutor, learned about Camille Saroyan's (Tamara Taylor) dislike of spiders, found out there is something in this world that brings Colin Fisher (Joel Moore) the intern joy, and that James Aubrey's (John Boyd) lack of appetite gives him away every time.
Then in "The Flaw in the Saw", Booth and Brennan settled an argument by log rolling, chainsaw experiments rocked the Jeffersonian.
Elsewhere, a woman running through the woods in a park sees a corpse. Brennan and Booth get a call about it while Brennan is discussing Max Keenan's (Ryan O'Neil) new pacemaker with him. The body was brought to the Jeffersonian, where the team attempted to solve the case.
"Bones" Season 12 episode 8 is titled as "The Final Chapter: The Grief and The Girl". The upcoming episode is slated to premiere on Wednesday, February 21, 2017, at 9:00 p.m. EST first and exclusive on FOX Television Network.
— Montreal Canadiens general manager Marc Bergevin has drastically overhauled his team over the past two seasons with some blockbuster trades (P.K. Subban for Shea Weber; Mikhail Sergachev for Jonathan Drouin) and some massive contracts (re-signing Carey Price, signing Karl Alzner in free agency). As Eric Engels of Sportsnet points out the Canadiens are extremely unique in how they are almost purposely designed to be reliant on their goaltender (both in a financial sense and in the way the team plays on the ice), while the team has seen progressively worse results when it comes to its ability to go deep in the playoffs. Put it all together and you have what could be a make-or-break season for the Canadiens' GM. [Sportsnet]
— Auston Matthews is coming off one of the best rookie seasons in recent NHL history. Now he is being tasked with helping to deliver the first Stanley Cup in Toronto in more than 50 years. No pressure, kid. [Sports Illustrated]
— Defenseman Nikita Zadorov was a healthy scratch for the Colorado Avalanche in their season opener after arriving in training camp late and not getting back up to speed in time. The Avalanche had more than $9.4 million in salary sitting out as scratches on Thursday. It did not stop them from defeating the New York Rangers by a 4-2 margin thanks to a two-point night from Matt Duchene. [Denver Post]
— If it seems like there have been a lot of hat tricks so far this season, that is because there have been. The 2017-18 season is the first time since 1917-18 that four different players have recorded hat tricks in season opening games.
2017-18 is the second season in NHL history to feature four hat tricks in season-opening games (Hyland, Malone, Noble, Denneny in 1917-18). pic.twitter.com/ty7IQNDOVH — NHL Public Relations (@PR_NHL) October 6, 2017
— The first goal in Little Caesars Arena history belongs to Anthony Mantha. The Detroit Red Wings won their debut game in their new building over the Minnesota Wild by a 4-2 margin. [YouTube]
— The Chicago Blackhawks routed the Pittsburgh Penguins on Thursday night by a 10-1 margin. Patrick Kane had a couple of highlight reel assists during the game.
That's according to Sky Sports, who also claim the Hammers have no intention of selling the forward.
Arnautovic joined West Ham from Stoke for a club-record £24m fee last summer.
The 29-year-old netted 11 goals during the campaign and made a further eight assists.
Sky Sports indicate that West Ham value the player at £50m as Jose Mourinho looks to add support for Romelu Lukaku.
United boss Mourinho worked with Arnautovic at Inter Milan but questioned his mentality at the time.
I love my dreams, and I've been having vastly entertaining ones for decades, many of which I can still recall, years later. But when one's dreams get in the way of writing, well, something is called for.I used to mock these drug commercials which warned of “vivid dreams,” but of late my nocturnal version of HBO has been working overtime, and, just as Johnny Cash sang about his dreams of a nasty boss, I have been waking up in the morning feeling tired.Not just tired, but exhausted. Sometimes so exhausted that I sleep longer than I am comfortable with. What's a poor dreamer to do?Ordinarily I wouldn't complain about my dreams; they are fascinating at times. But a little less night-time excitement might be in order.Could it be one my medications causing my overdose of evening drama? And, if so, just which one?I'm not likely to discard my Diabetic medication, or my high blood pressure meds. My anti-seizure medication? Nope.And a couple of others, but you really aren't interested in the contents of my medicine cabinet.Time to talk to my doctor.One can have too much of a good thing, even if that good thing consists of richly detailed dreams, tales of action and adventure, browsing through dream bookstores or a hundred other subjects.And hey, what is the point of a great dream, if you are too damn tired to write about it the next morning?******Not tired at all as I write in tune with the Donna Summer CD “On the Radio.”Love to love you, baby . . .*****My interview withhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ev5O8kVZ0DQ"On the Air with Richard S. Drake" celebrates 26 years on the air in 2017.****What is called "apathy" is, I believe, a feeling of helplessness on the part of the ordinary citizen, a feeling of impotence in the face of enormous power. It's not that people are apathetic; they do care about what is going on, but don't know what to do about it, so they do nothing, and appear to be indifferent. - Howard Zinnrsdrake@cox.net
SEOUL: Five years ago, Kim Jong Nam, the half-brother of North Korea's ruler, pleaded with his younger sibling to spare his life, according to two lawmakers in South Korea.
He wrote a letter to Kim Jong-un, who took power after their father Kim Jong Il died in December 2011, and asked him to withdraw a standing order for his assassination, according to the lawmakers, who were briefed by South Korea's spy agency.
"We have nowhere to go, nowhere to hide. We are well aware that the only way to escape is suicide," Kim Jong Nam said in a letter to Kim Jong-un, one of the lawmakers said.
Kim Jong Nam, 46, died after an assault, possibly with poison, at an airport terminal in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, on Monday. U.S. and South Korean government officials have said they believe he was assassinated by agents from the North.
The eldest son of Kim Jong Il, Kim Jong Nam was hidden from public view for years because his father and actress mother were not legally married. He was not shown to his grandfather, North Korea's founding President Kim Il Sung, until he was five years old.
Kim Jong Nam spent nine years at an international school in Geneva.
When he returned to Pyongyang, he joined the government. His father became leader in 1994 and Kim Jong Nam was expected by some eventually to succeed him - until the Disneyland incident.
In May 2001, Kim Jong Nam was nabbed at Tokyo's Narita airport and held for using a false Dominican Republic passport. He was accompanied by his wife, another woman believed to be a nanny, and a four-year-old boy, his son, according to media reports.
He said the family wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland. All four were deported and went back to North Korea via Beijing.
His father was embarrassed and after that, Kim Jong Nam's star was on the wane.
Kim Jong Nam's mother Song Hye Rim ended up living in Moscow, away from him, and died there after struggling with depression for years. Kim said he often visited the mother's grave in Moscow.
LOVED BEING FREE
After the Disneyland incident, much of the rest of Kim Jong Nam's life was spent overseas, first in China and then in Macau.
South Korea's intelligence service said he had wives and children both in Beijing and Macau, according to lawmakers.
"Because I was educated in the West, I was able to enjoy freedom from early age and I still love being free," he said in notes to a Japanese journalist, Yoji Gomi, who wrote a book on Kim Jong Nam in 2012. "The reason I visit Macau so often is because it's the most free and liberal place near China, where my family lives.
South Korean lawmakers said the spy agency told them that young, unpredictable Kim Jong-un had issued a "standing order" for his half-brother's assassination after he took power, and that there had been a failed attempt in 2012.
"Kim Jong-un said: 'I just hate him. So get rid of him,'" Kim Byung-kee, one of the lawmakers, cited the spy agency as saying about the standing order.
Some analysts have said Jong-un believed his brother could be used in any overthrow of his regime.
After that, Kim Jong Nam did not stay long in any place, and travelled frequently between various cities in Southeast Asia and China.
Kim Jong Nam had not kept his disdain for his brother a secret.
"I'm his half brother, but I've never met him so I don't know," he said in another note to Gomi.
"I'm concerned how Jong-un, who merely resembles my grandfather, will be able to satisfy the needs of North Koreans. Kim Jong-un is still just a nominal figure and the members of the power elite will be the ones in actual power. The dynastic succession is a joke to the outside world."
He added: "The Kim Jong-un regime will not last long. Without reforms, North Korea will collapse, and when such changes take place, the regime will collapse."
Numerous North Korean officials have been purged or killed since Kim Jong-un came to power. Those include his uncle, Jang Song Thaek, who was considered the country's second most-powerful person and was believed to have been close to Kim Jong Nam, who he had helped raise.
"I was raised getting special love from the aunt and uncle and I am not denying that they are even now taking special care of me," Kim Jong Nam said in a note written to Gomi before his uncle was killed.
0 Supreme Court keeps revised Pa. congressional map in place
sh; Republican leaders' efforts to stop Pennsylvania from using a new congressional district map in midterm elections were dealt a potentially fatal blow Monday when the U.S. Supreme Court and a panel of federal judges both ruled against them.
The courts rejected requests to throw out or halt use of the map imposed last month by the state Supreme Court, which had ruled that a 2011 GOP-crafted district map violated the state constitution's guarantee of free and equal elections.
The pair of rulings makes it highly likely that this year's congressional elections in Pennsylvania will be conducted under district lines widely viewed as more favorable to Democrats than the 2011 map.
The previous map was drafted to aid Republican candidates and proved to be a campaign winner for them, leading the GOP to a 13-5 edge in the state's congressional delegation for all three elections in which it was used.
Both decisions came with just one day left for the state's congressional candidates to circulate petitions to get on the May 15 primary ballot. State Rep. Rick Saccone, who lost the 18th district special election to Conor Lamb last week, said on Facebook he had enough signatures to run in the new 14th district in Fayette, Westmoreland, Washington and Greene counties.
The U.S. Supreme Court turned down the request without comment.
TRENDING NOW:
The panel of judges said it had no authority to act in the matter except to dismiss the case.
"The plaintiffs invite us to opine on the appropriate balance of power between the Commonwealth's legislature and judiciary in redistricting matters, and then to pass judgment on the propriety of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's actions under the United States Constitution," the judges wrote. "These are things that, on the present record, we cannot do."
Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf called the federal judges' ruling the right decision and said it will let the state move ahead with a fair map.
DOWNLOAD THE WPXI NEWS APP
The Democratic majority on the state Supreme Court had ruled in January that a map Republicans crafted in 2011 amounted to an unconstitutional gerrymander.
After Wolf and lawmakers in the GOP-controlled General Assembly did not produce a replacement, the court enacted its own map last month and gave candidates extra time for petition gathering.
The federal judges' decision comes in a case brought a month ago by eight sitting Republican congressmen and two GOP state senators. They argued the state justices infringed on the Legislature's prerogative and did not give lawmakers enough time to come up with a replacement.
The panel said the senators have only two votes in their chamber, calling that "inadequate as a matter of law to allow a lawsuit premised on an institutional injury to the General Assembly." The eight Republican congressmen, the judges wrote, may have wasted resources campaigning in their old districts, but they cannot prove that was caused by a violation of the U.S. Constitution's Elections Clause.
"The cost of shifting district boundaries — in terms of both campaign funding and constituent fealty — is surely appreciable," the judges wrote. "But the federal congressional plaintiffs have identified no legal principle tethering that cost to a legally cognizable interest in the composition of their electoral districts under the Elections Clause."
In a separate case, two senior Republicans in the state Legislature who were on the losing end of the state Supreme Court decision asked the U.S. Supreme Court to issue a stay, which would have resulted in the use of the 2011 map for this year's congressional elections in Pennsylvania. They wanted the new map put on hold while they pursued an appeal to the nation's highest court.
A group of 18 Democratic voters sued in state court last year to challenge the 2011 map, a case the state Supreme Court put on a fast track before throwing out the former district lines.
All five Democrats on the state Supreme Court said the map violated the state constitution, but one of the Democrats joined both Republicans in objecting to the majority's determination to enact a new map for this year's races.
More than 40 candidates had filed petition paperwork by mid-day Monday, according to state elections bureau data. The deadline to submit at least 1,000 voter signatures to get on the primary ballot is Tuesday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Have your say
Water you waiting for!
That's the message to Hartlepool youngsters who are being urged to take advantage of free swims at the town's Mill House Leisure Centre, in Raby Road.
Now in its fifth year, the scheme enables children under the age of 16 to swim for free.
The scheme operates on weekdays between 10am to 1.30pm, and runs until Friday, September 1, excluding Bank Holiday Monday, August 28.
More information can be found at www.gethartlepoolactive.co.uk, while a leaflet, with full details and bus timetables, can be obtained from the Civic Centre and all leisure centres and libraries.
The leaflet can also be accessed HERE.
http://bit.ly/2uilWyz
Jennifer Garner, 45, has been keeping quiet about Ben Affleck's new girlfriend, but a source recently told RadarOnline.com that she's now willing to meet Lindsay Shookus, 37 – if Affleck agrees to follow her rules.
“Jennifer wants to meet [Lindsay] alone without Ben,” said a source to Straight Shuter. She is “all about the kids,” and thinks she should get to know Shookus before the actor introduces her to the rest of the family.
If Affleck, 45, can live with her conditions, than Garner has no problem with him dating the Saturday Night Live producer.
As Radar readers know, various sources have claimed that Garner has truly moved on from her rocky relationship with her baby daddy and is living her best life while focusing on her children and career. Affleck, on the other hand, has been looking worse than ever as he parades his lady around town.
PHOTOS: Marriage Trouble? Ben Affleck & Jen Garner Living Separate Lives – Troubled Pair Not Seen Together In 31 Days
Recently, he was allegedly caught shopping for booze with Shookus – who is also a party girl – while Garner was looking sexy and happy with friends. Now that the moment's come to meet her husband's new girlfriend, the stunning actress has decided to take the high road.
Affleck may be in a new relationship, but is there really a question as to who is winning the breakup? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below.
Straight Shuter's Rob Shuter has all the latest gossip.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
× Stray bullet hits Texas legislator in the head at New Year's celebration
WESLACO, Texas – A Texas lawmaker is lucky to be alive after an apparently stray bullet hit his head during a New Year's celebration early Sunday, authorities said.
State Rep. Armando “Mando” Martinez, D-Weslaco, said his wife had just given him a kiss shortly after ringing in the new year with family and friends, and the next thing he knew, “it felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head.”
A bullet fragment had just punctured the top of the south Texas legislator's head.
Martinez said he had just stepped outside a home in a rural neighborhood north of Weslaco when he was hit.
Martinez, 40, was transferred to the neurosurgical unit at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen, where surgeons removed the bullet fragment. The fragment had penetrated his skull and lodged itself into the dura mater, the top layer of the brain, doctors told Martinez.
The fragment appears to be from a .223 caliber round, said Martinez, who spoke to CNN by phone on Sunday while recovering at the hospital.
“Had it gone any further, I don't think we would be having this conversation,” Martinez said.
Hidalgo County Sheriff Eddie Guerra said Martinez's survival was nothing short of a miracle.
The sheriff's office is investigating the shooting, and investigators “have reason to believe that (Martinez) was hit by a stray bullet,” county sheriff's office spokesman JP Rodriguez said.
“There is no evidence to indicate he was targeted,” Rodriguez said.
“It was a miracle last night. I was given another chance at life and I'm grateful for it,” Martinez said.
Martinez was elected to a seventh term in November and scheduled to take the oath of office January 10.
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd will be subjected to a comedic roast as he picks up his 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University.
Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd will be subjected to a comedic roast as he picks up his 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University.
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
By CHRISTINA A. CASSIDY and DAVID A. LIEB
Associated Press
An Arizona lawmaker who repeatedly harassed women has become the first since the swell of the #MeToo movement to get kicked out of office by colleagues but likely will not be the last to face repercussions amid intensifying scrutiny of sexual misconduct in state legislatures.
The heightened focus on harassment and misconduct has led to growing calls for change in a year that already has seen an unusually large number of women expressing interest in running for office.
"This conduct perpetuates the good-old-boys culture all too familiar to women in workplaces across the nation," said Ohio state Rep. Teresa Fedor, one of several female Democratic lawmakers who called this week for the resignation of Republican Rep. Bill Seitz because of offense remarks. "Women and men deserve better, not more of the same tired excuses. It's time for a change."
With his expulsion on Thursday, Arizona Rep. Don Shooter became the 15th state lawmaker to leave office since the start of 2017 (the others resigned) after being accused of sexual misconduct. About 20 others have faced lesser consequences, ranging from forced apologies to suspensions to the loss of powerful leadership posts, according to a state-by-state review by The Associated Press.
Sexual harassment investigations are ongoing against other state lawmakers, including in California, Hawaii, Kentucky and Oregon. On Friday, the Democratic leaders of the California Assembly and Senate released records that show four current lawmakers have faced such complaints since 2006, although none was formally disciplined. They include a 2017 allegation against a female lawmaker, Democratic Assemblywoman Autumn Burke, who later took responsibility for engaging in sexually charged banter.
The issue is already beginning to resonate in election campaigns. Women have stepped forward as candidates in five of the eight upcoming elections across the nation to replace lawmakers who resigned amid sexual misconduct allegations.
In California, a former legislative staffer who says she was aware that a co-worker was being sexually harassed is now running for the lawmaker's seat. The alleged incident happened years ago when former Assemblyman Raul Bocanegra was serving as chief of staff for another lawmaker. Bocanegra resigned in November amid multiple allegations.
Yolie Anguiano said she decided to run for Bocanegra's seat in Los Angeles' San Fernando Valley after the allegations surfaced and that she regrets not speaking up at the time about what she knew. Anguiano said she was fearful of retaliation and believes electing more women is critical to addressing issues such as health care and education.
"I want to have that seat at the table to bring up these policy issues but also to hold those folks who are hurting other people, whether they are men and women, to hold them accountable," she said.
In Oklahoma, Amber Jensen, a Democrat who represents a rural part of the state, is running to replace former state Sen. Bryce Marlatt, who resigned in September after being charged with sexual battery stemming from an incident with an Uber driver. Jensen said she attended last year's women's march in Oklahoma City and was inspired to see so many women stepping forward.
"I feel like a woman's voice is missing from the very conversations that affect all women," Jensen said. "I am tired of men making decisions for women."
In what could be a historic election, many women have said they plan to run for office this year for the first time at all levels of government, from statehouses to Congress. That is driven largely by Democratic frustration over the election of President Donald Trump, but the #MeToo movement also is playing a role.
Experts say lawmaker resignations and retirements can provide an opportunity for women, because it's easier for a political newcomer to be competitive in an open seat rather than challenging an incumbent with name recognition and a stockpile of campaign cash.
"When the issue is sexual harassment and men behaving very badly, it also opens up a window for a woman candidate," said Debbie Walsh, who leads the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University. "Whether it's true or not, women are perceived to be more ethical and honest and far less likely to behave in the manner that these lawmakers did."
Some men also are citing accusations of sexual misconduct against male lawmakers as part of their impetus for mounting electoral challenges this year.
Brian Kent Strow, an economics professor at Western Kentucky University, said he was frustrated when negotiations to fix the state's multi-billion public pension debt fell apart last fall following reports that four Republican lawmakers had secretly signed a sexual harassment settlement. One of those lawmakers was Rep. Michael Meredith, Strow's representative and someone he had voted for in the past.
When the daughter of one of Meredith's Republican colleagues subsequently accused the lawmaker of sending her inappropriate Facebook messages, Strow decided to challenge Meredith in the Republican primary.
"That made me upset, that the real business of the state would get sidetracked because people were misbehaving personally," said Strow, adding: "I had basically had enough."
Meredith declined to comment Friday about the accusations or his re-election bid.
___
Associated Press writers Adam Beam in Frankfort, Kentucky, Bob Christie in Phoenix and Julie Carr Smyth in Columbus, Ohio, contributed to this report.
___
An earlier version of this report had an incorrect spelling of Amber Jensen's last name.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Advertisement
South Korea's spy agency said on Wednesday that Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, was poisoned by two suspected North Korean female agents, according to MPs briefed by the intelligence agency.
The agency also said North Korea had long prepared for the murder of Kim Jong-nam, the MPs said, although they did not explain how the agency knows that.
Kim was killed at an airport in Malaysia's Kuala Lumpur on his way to the Chinese territory of Macau, where he had been living, the MPs said, adding that he had been given China's protection.
Police reports said the two female agents fled in a taxi and were being sought by Malaysian police.
Malaysian authorities detained a woman from Myanmar in connection with the investigation, Malaysian state news agency Bernama reported.
Meanwhile, police were checking surveillance tapes for more clues over his death, a senior official said.
An autopsy will also be performed on the body of Kim Jong-nam on Wednesday, police said.
“If the murder of Kim Jong-nam was confirmed to be committed by the North Korean regime, that would clearly depict the brutality and inhumanity of the Kim Jong-un regime,” South Korean Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, who is also the country's acting president, told a security council meeting.
Al Jazeera's Harry Fawcett, reporting from Seoul, said: “The National Intelligence Service here says this is a long-standing order from the North Korean leadership. There was [reportedly] an attempt in 2012 to kill him. There have long been efforts to eradicate this family member.”
While there was speculation over the timing of the incident, the head of spy agency has said that North Korea probably just made the most of an opportunity that presented itself, said Fawcett.
‘Chemical spray'
Kim, 46, was targeted Monday in the shopping concourse at the airport and had not yet gone through immigration for his flight to Macau, said a senior government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case involves sensitive diplomacy.
Kim, who died on the way to hospital, told medical workers that he had been attacked with a chemical spray, the official said.
Although Kim had been tipped by some outsiders as a possible successor to his father, others thought that was unlikely because he lived outside the country, including recently in Macau, Singapore and Malaysia.
OPINION: Trouble for Trump in North Korea?
Advertisement
He reportedly fell further out of favour with the current North Korean leader when he was caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001, saying he wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
A Malaysian police statement confirmed the death of a 46-year-old North Korean man whom it identified from his travel document as Kim Chol, born in Pyongyang on June 10, 1970.
“Investigation is in progress and a post-mortem examination request has been made to ascertain the cause of death,” the statement said.
Kim Jong-un's ‘paranoia'
Ken Gause, who has studied North Korea's leadership for 30 years at the CNA think-tank in Washington, said Kim Chol was a name that Kim Jong-nam has travelled under.
He is believed to have been born May 10, 1971, although birthdays are always unclear for senior North Koreans, Gause said.
Mark Tokola, vice president of the Korea Economic Institute in Washington and a former deputy chief of mission at the US embassy in Seoul, said it would be surprising if Kim was not killed on the orders of his brother, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim in the past.
“It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un,” Tokola wrote in a commentary on Tuesday.
Although there was scant evidence that Kim Jong-nam was plotting against the North Korean leader, he provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose his brother.
The reported killing came as North Korea celebrated its latest missile launch, which foreign experts were analysing for evidence of advancement in the country's missile capabilities.
For the next several days, North Korea will be marking the birthday of its late leader Kim Jong-il, the brothers' father, though they have different mothers.
The major holiday this Thursday is called the “Day of the Shining Star” and will be feted with figure skating and synchronised swimming exhibitions, fireworks and mass rallies.
Since taking power in late 2011, Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials in what the South Korean government has described as a “reign of terror”.
The most spectacular was the 2013 execution by anti-aircraft fire of his uncle, Jang Song-thaek, once considered the country's second-most powerful man, for what the North alleged was treason.
Gause said Kim Jong-nam had been forthright that he did not have political ambitions, although he was publicly critical of the North Korean regime and his brother's legitimacy in the past.
Delivering school supplies to the students of Oak View Elementary School was Rotarian Jake Twaddle, Oak View Counselor David Warner, and Rotarians Geoff Stamp, Jeff Fluke, Suzanne Plant and Tom Pellegrino.
The Rotary Club of Maple Grove recently donated school supplies to area students in need. The supplies included items as big as backpacks and as small as erasers, glue, markers and ruled paper notebooks. The supplies were received by students of Oak View Elementary School and counselor David Warner.
The Maple Grove Rotary Club meets at 6:45 a.m. every Tuesday morning at 3 Squares Restaurant in Maple Grove. The meetings end promptly at 8 a.m. Guests are welcome. For more information call Tim Deets at 763-710-0351.
The Rotary Club of Maple Grove is one of 35,000 Rotary clubs in more than 200 countries across the globe with 1.2 million Rotarians worldwide. For more information go to portal.clubrunner.ca/2186
Two women who claimed they were harassed and sexually assaulted by veteran actor Steven Seagal said the #MeToo Movement gave them the courage to finally make their stories public years after the alleged incidents.
Standing with their attorney, Lisa Bloom, the two women— Fabiola Brugger Dadis and Regina Simons— told a room full of reporters during a press conference Monday at Bloom's Woodland Hills, Ca. law firm, that Seagal assaulted them when they were just young women trying to break into Hollywood. Both women filed reports with the Los Angeles Police Department, Bloom said.
Simons said she was in her late teens when she was raped by Seagal. She said she was an extra on the 1994 film “On Deadly Ground.” Simons said Seagal invited her to a wrap party at his home, but when she arrived, there was no one else at the house.
“He took my hand and led me into an adjacent room, which appeared to be a bedroom,” Simons read from her prepared statement during the press conference. “He closed the door and approached me from behind, started kissing my neck and taking off my clothes. I was in shock . I was completely caught off guard. Seagal was more than twice my size and more than twice my age. I was not sexually active and had never been naked in front of a man before. I froze. I remember him taking off his robe and the next thing I knew, he was inside of me. There was nothing consensual about this. I could not move. I felt as if I had left my body and was watching from above. I felt tears come down my face and looked away from his gaze.”
PHOTOS: Rose McGowan Rips Other Actresses For ‘Silence' About Harvey Weinstein
Simons said Seagal attempted to contact her after several times after the alleged rape. She said the experience traumatized her and she has suffered from depression, headaches and other health issues that have become worse over the years.
“This is my truth, and while it has not been easy, I am healing,” Simons added. “For the first time in 25 years, I have allowed myself to process what happened and work through the pain. I pray that my abuser can also heal. I want him to be aware. I want him to acknowledge what happened; to be accountable and apologize.”
Dadis said she was only 17 years old in 2002 when Seagal allegedly sexually assaulted her. She claimed Seagal had been casting for the movie Genghis Khan and invited her for a meeting at the Club Bar at the Peninsula Hotel in Beverly Hills. Dedis said Seagal's assistant took her up to a hotel room where she was left with Seagal and a security guard.
The actor then allegedly told Dadis to take off her clothes and “do a catwalk” around the room while only in her bikini. After the then 17-year old Dadis complied Seagal allegedly touched her private parts.
“Steven asked me to take off my clothes, which I did although I was nervous considering he was the only one present, and do a catwalk through the room for him,” Dadis read from her written statement during the press conference. “I did so and then Steven approached me and said that he would like to act out a romantic scene to get a sense of our chemistry. I felt uncomfortable because I was in my bikini, and I shyly expressed this, however instead of respecting my boundaries, Steven slipped his hand underneath my bikini top and began pinching my nipples and simultaneously slid his hand across my vaginal area which was only meagerly covered. I quickly yelled that the audition was over and began dressing and gathering my things. Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience.”
PHOTOS: Inside Harvey Weinstein's Most Shocking Sexual Harassment Allegations: He's ‘Pathetic!'
Dadis said the security guard only let her out of the room when Seagal allowed her to leave.
“Until you have experienced sexual assault yourself, it is hard to explain why it might take so long to come public with these very disturbing experiences,” said Dadis, who now lives in Amsterdam and is pursuing a doctorate in clinical neuroscience. “So many women, like myself, live in fear of what people might say about them or what might happen as a result of reporting sexual assault.”
Bloom said she is representing both women pro bono and urged other women who might be possible victims of Seagal to come forward.
“Mr. Seagal made a ridiculous claim about me recently, that I'm paying Faviola and Regina to accuse him,” Bloom said during the press conference. “That is false. In fact, I am representing Faviola and Regina pro bono, that is, for free, because I believe in them. And neither of them has asked him for a dime.
“Listen carefully, Mr. Seagal: some things are far more important than money, and this is one of them.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
KATIE Price was forced to deny claims that she's the celebrity mum who's lost two kids to foster care after a 'glitzy lifestyle'.
The former glamour model felt compelled to speak out after an unnamed celebrity has lost two of their kids to foster care. While people have been trying to figure out who it is, some viewers were speculating it was Katie Price. The 40-year-old posted a video on Instagram live, which has now been deleted, where she said: "I'd like to clarify I'm not the person in the papers today whose kids have been banned or taken away from them.
GETTY SPECULATION: Katie confirmed that she isn't the celeb mum whose kids are in care
GETTY MOVED OUT: Princess and Junior have moved in with Peter Andre during Katie's split
“I've not been banned from seeing my kids either” Katie Price "I've not been banned from seeing my kids either." Although Katie has admitted that Princess and Junior are staying with Peter Andre while she sorts out her split, she confirmed that she hasn't had two of her children taken into foster care. Katie has been partying a little more with her new man Kris Boyson, but she's actively shown that her children are still the most important thing.
INSTAGRAM / OFFICIALKATIEPRICE MOST IMPORTANT: Katie revealed that her kids are her absolute life
INSTAGRAM OFFICIALKATIEPRICE SETS STRAIGHT: Katie sets viewers straight that she hasn't had her kids taken from her
She recently shared a photo of Kris and her two youngest children that read: "All my five children are my absolute life and now Kris Boyson has come into my life at the most challenging, the hardest time I've ever been through. "And [he's] proven to be such an amazing person, wish I'd met him years ago, he's such a mans man."
INSTAGRAM OFFICIALKATIEPRICE NEW BEAU: Her new man has been spending time with Katie and her kids
It's official – Cynthia Nixon has launched her campaign to be the next governor of New York, RadarOnline.com has learned.
In a video posted to her Twitter account, Nixon, 51, describes herself as a progressive advocate who is running for governor to fight for a better, fair New York.
“Our leaders are letting us down,” she says in a voiceover, as she is seen walking around the city. “We are now the most unequal state in the entire country, with both incredible wealth and extreme poverty.”
“Half the kids in our upstate cities live below the poverty line. How did we let this happen?”
PHOTOS: The Truth About The ‘New York Times' ‘Hit Piece' On Donald Trump Exposed In 10 Clicks
Nixon, who married her girlfriend, Christine Marinoni, in 2012, will take on current governor Andrew Cuomo.
In her announcement video, Nixon walks her son, Max, to school, and then patiently waits for and takes the subway, like a typical New Yorker.
“We want out government to work again, on health care, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subways,” she continues. “We are sick about politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us.”
Star first reported the news in August 2017.
Political experts told the Emmy winner has a real shot at the job.
PHOTOS: Revenge! Donald Trump Fighting Back Against Hillary Clinton's Smear Campaign
“She's a household name who really cares about kids and parents,” one expert said last year. “She's an unexpected candidate who can really shake things up.”
But a just-released Siena College poll of likely voters shows Nixon has a lot of work to do. Among registered Democrats, Cuomo was favored 66 percent to 19 percent over Nixon, the poll showed.
Would you vote for Cynthia? Let us know in the comments section.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
South Carolina mom who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped is charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, a day after infant was found dead in a diaper box.
South Carolina mom who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped is charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, a day after infant was found dead in a diaper box.
(Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP). This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, ...
(Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP). This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, ...
New law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
New law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
By TOM JAMES
Associated Press
SALEM, Ore. (AP) - Oregon's emergency alert systems blasted a cryptic alert to cellphones around the capital city, panicking residents by telling them simply "Civil Emergency" and "Prepare for Action" and leaving off that the threat was toxic algae at a local water supply.
Officials wanted to warn Salem-area residents Tuesday night that elevated levels of a natural toxin caused by the algae bloom had made area tap water unsafe for children and people with compromised immune systems. But that information got cut off, and a more ominous-sounding default message went out in its place, said Andrew Phelps, head of the state emergency management agency.
Officials sent a second message 31 minutes later with more information and a link to a municipal website.
Within hours of the first alert, residents stripped the aisles at one supermarket in the city's downtown center of bottled water, and a shopping cart lay tipped on its side in front of the empty shelves. Workers brought out a pallet of sparkling water, which they placed at the front of the store, and told customers they hoped they'd get more regular water in the morning.
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities' use of emergency alert systems, following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile.
In Oregon, confusion surrounded the initial alert even within the emergency management agency, with an official telling reporters the message had caught them unaware and state police asking residents via a Facebook post not to call 911 about the alert.
And when officials directed residents to the city of Salem's municipal website for more information, the site briefly crashed under the load.
"The integrated public alert warning system inadvertently defaulted to a generic message," Phelps said in a video posted on social media by the Office of Emergency Management. "I apologize for the confusion and the anxiety this incomplete message has caused."
Phelps said the message had also been broadcast via local television stations.
Cole Mahaffey, a Salem resident, set down a case of bottled water Wednesday he was carrying down the sidewalk and described the uneasy feeling of seeing the first alert arrive on his phone, with an ominous warning but no other information.
"It almost made me not want to go outside," Mahaffey said, adding that the alert caught him at the gym, and that he had interrupted his exercise routine to ask staff at the front desk if they knew what it was about. "I didn't know if there was something going on in the area, or if there was a shooter, you just had no way of knowing."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Verizon Communications Inc will pay around US$2.25 billion for a five-year partnership with the National Football League that allows users to stream games on its Yahoo and go90 platforms as well as on mobile devices, a source told Reuters on Monday.
NEW YORK: Verizon Communications Inc will pay around US$2.25 billion for a five-year partnership with the National Football League that allows users to stream games on its Yahoo and go90 platforms as well as on mobile devices, a source told Reuters on Monday.
Under the partnership, Verizon renews its agreement to stream NFL games on its mobile devices but loses its exclusive rights to the airings.
Representatives from Verizon and the NFL declined to comment on the financial terms of the deal but the No.1 U.S. wireless carrier said the deal will go into effect in January with streaming of NFL playoff games on Yahoo and Yahoo Sports, in addition to the go90 streaming platform and the NFL mobile app.
The partnership will also include mobile access to jointly-developed original content, Verizon said.
Jennifer Fritzsche, analyst at Wells Fargo, said in a research note that the deal shows how Verizon is trying to expand its mobile advertising platform. In June, Verizon bought Yahoo's core assets for US$4.48 billion and combined it with AOL to form its Oath business.
"With the recent consolidation of these properties in the Oath division, we would expect this to take on more of a growing focus for (Verizon) in 2018," Fritzsche said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Verizon estimates that it reaches more than 200 million U.S. monthly unique mobile and digital users. The company has said its goal for Oath is to contribute US$20 billion in revenue by 2020.
Verizon shares were up 0.4 percent to US$51.27 in morning trading.
(Reporting by Alana Wise, Jessica Toonkel, Munsif Vengattil and Anjali Athavaley; Editing by Peter Cooney and Marguerita Choy)
Nigerian singer, Kechi Okwuchi, is set to release her debut album titled “Don't You Dare”.
Okwuchi, is one of the two survivors in the Sosoliso Airlines Flight 1145 crash on December 10, 2005 that claimed 107 lives, 60 of which were her schoolmates from Loyola Jesuit College.
She made the “Big announcement” on her official Twitter account while urging fans to anticipate the release.
@kechi “Debut single ‘Don't You Dare' dropping next Friday, July 13. 10 day countdown begins now”.
Kechi took part in the twelfth season of the famous America's Got Talent hunt show in 2017, finishing off as a finalist.
The music sensation has gone on to graduate from the University of St Thomas, Texas, United States of America.
LOS ANGELES Bob Dylan has been accused of borrowing heavily for part of the Nobel Literature Prize lecture he finally delivered to the Swedish Academy last week.The singer-songwriter's remarks on how the book "Moby Dick" influenced him bear a close similarity to the SparkNotes summaries of the Herman Melville classic novel, according to an analysis on Slate.com.SparkNotes.com provides study guides for students in literature and other fields.
Author Andrea Pitzer, writing on Slate.com on Tuesday, listed some 20 sentences from the portion of Dylan's lecture on "Moby Dick" that closely resembled phrases or ideas on the SparkNotes website on the book.They included lines from Dylan's online lecture such as "Ahab's got a wife and child back in Nantucket that he reminisces about now and then."
The entry from SparkNotes reads "musing on his wife and child back in Nantucket," Pitzer noted.Dylan's representatives did not return calls for comment on Wednesday. Dylan, whose songs include "Blowin' in the Wind," "The Times They Are A-Changin" and "Like a Rolling Stone," has admitted in the past that he draws from other influences.
In a 2012 interview with Rolling Stone magazine, he brushed aside criticism that he plagiarized the work of other artists by saying: "It's called songwriting. It has to do with melody and rhythm, and then after that, anything goes. You make everything yours. We all do it."The media-shy Dylan, 76, delivered his lecture to the Swedish Academy last week just within the six-month time limit set by the organization in order for Nobel laureates to receive the 8 million crowns ($900,000) that goes with the prize. He chose not to attend the annual ceremony and banquet in Stockholm."If the Moby Dick portion of his Nobel lecture was indeed cribbed from SparkNotes, then what is the world to make of it? Perhaps the use of SparkNotes can be seen as a sendup of the prestige-prize economy," said Pitzer. (Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Peter Cooney)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – Buffalo School Board member Carl Paladino, facing a hearing in Albany June 22 on whether the school district can remove him from the board, has filed a civil rights lawsuit against various members of the board, the Buffalo Public School District, and the Buffalo Public School District Board of Education.
The lawsuit, filed by Dennis C. Vacco of Lippes Mathias Wexler Friedman, alleges that Paladino's rights under the Civil Rights Act and the First Amendment were violated.
“My client feels very strongly that his constitutional rights, including his right to free speech have been violated by the actions of the majority members of the Board, the Board of Education, and the school district as a result of a resolution that was passed seeking to remove my client from elected office,” Vacco said in a statement. “Certain members of the Board of Education are seeking Carl's removal in retaliation for exercising his First Amendment rights.”
Among other things, the suit makes claims against the defendants for retaliation under the United States Constitution regarding Paladino's right to free speech, deprivation of Paladino's civil rights and malicious prosecution in seeking Paladino's removal from elected office.
The lawsuit specifically names school board president Dr. Barbara Nevergold and members Sharon Belton-Cottman, Hope Jay, Dr. Teresa Harris-Tigg, Jennifer Mecozzi and Paulette Woods, as well as the school board as a whole.
“Free speech is the cornerstone to our democracy and the defendants' actions in this instance are a flagrant violation of my client's protected rights as a citizen of this nation,” Vacco said.
The Board of Education passed a resolution 6-3 in Jan. 2017 to file a petition with the State Education Department to remove Paladino from the board following statements he made in Artvoice which some board members and community members considered racist and for sharing information discussed in an executive session about teacher's contracts.
🔊 Listen to Post
Summer of 2017 is officially coming to a close and it is time for us parents to switch gears and get ready to send our little ones back out into the wide world of learning and growth.
Bye kids. Summer has been a blast but I for one am so ready for you to return to your natural habitats. We have vacationed, crafted, stayed up late, and eaten enough ice cream and popsicles to fuel my mom guilt right up to the holiday season. It is time to get down to business and get our children ready to hit the books and slay the 2017/2018 school year. Let the back-to-school prep begin!
1 | Start rolling your pennies
Or get a second job. Or sell your plasma. You are going to be really strapped for cash for the next month. God, kids are expensive. There are backpacks, lunch boxes, supplies, and shoes to purchase. Snazzy outfits will be selected with care for the first week of school just so that moms everywhere can take pictures of their spawn looking fly and post them to Facebook. (We all know the kids will be wearing ratty shorts and T-shirts everyday after that first week of school until the snow starts falling.) I have four girls in various schools this year, so if you need me I will be Googling “How to harvest your eggs for cash.”
2 | Order what you can on Amazon Prime
Let the kids look at backpacks on the computer and order them with a touch of a button. If you can manage to stand in “aisle hell” of Target for three hours as your kids debate between a troll or emoji backpack then you are my hero, but I can't do that any longer. It hurts too much.
3 | Back to routine we go fools!
Buh-bye 11 p.m. bedtimes and neighborhood barbecues that linger way into the night. It is time to enforce actual bedtimes, and it won't be pretty. Your kids will fight this one tooth and nail. They will not take kindly to having lights out by 8:30 pm with a few precious weeks of summer left, but it must be done. If you start this process now it will only make life easier for everyone the week before school starts.
I find that removing clocks from bedrooms helps with this process. Just lie to them. Tell them it is 9 p.m. when you simply can no longer parent for the day. When you feel like letting them stay up until they crash, remind yourself how miserable life will be during those first school rise and shines as you drag your small humans from their cozy beds at the crack of dawn so that they don't miss the damn bus.
4 | Re-introduce your children to books, manners, and toothbrushes
All of those things that tend to fall to the wayside during the lazy summer months must be brought back to the surface. Make a PowerPoint presentation if you are feeling up to it. A few nights ago I announced that we would be reinstating nightly reading before bed and my girls looked at me like I was spitting Swahili at them. Goodbye mind-numbing YouTube videos, hello (equally mind-numbing) Rainbow Fairy Magic.
5 | Create a color coded spreadsheet
On the sheet put of all activities that your family is signed up for in the fall. Bus schedules, school start and end times, volunteer days, soccer practice, swim practice, and music lessons are all coming at us at full speed. Color code that shit and hope that you make it to at least 80 percent of the events that you committed to. Good luck and may the odds be ever in your favor.
6 | Get healthy and get creative (virtually, at least)
I don't know what it is about fall but this is the time of year that I become a bone fide Pinterest Freak. I will scour the virtual, crafty world for healthy family recipes and crockpot meals galore and pin the hell out of them. Approximately one percent of pinned recipes will ever be attempted. Adorable back-to-school kits and crafts get hot glued together, along with my fingers. Headbands and hair bows with rulers and apples are made with the blood, sweat, and tears of mothers everywhere. Study hacks, tips, and tricks get saved for later dates (like never) and we moms are look like total winners on social media.
7 | Make four thousand appointments for the kids
Yearly physicals, dentist appointments, haircuts, perhaps a good therapy session for yourself – book away. Just block out the hours of 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. for the rest of the month and prepare to taxi the kids around to their various unfavorable appointments. Remember, it could probably be worse – you could be me and have to fit in four of everything. I'll be doubling down on the therapy thank you very much.
8 | Soak those kids up
Yes we have had our fill of summer and yes the kids are driving us bananas, but in a few weeks we will barely see them until next summer and we will miss them.
Strategic Technology Office outlines vision for Mosaic Warfare
by Staff Writers
Washington DC (SPX) Aug 14, 2017
DARPA's Strategic Technology Office (STO) this week unveiled its updated approach to winning or deterring future conflicts during Sync with STO Day, held in Arlington, Virginia. At the event-which attracted about 300 innovators and entrepreneurs, more than half of whom had never worked with DARPA before-STO program managers outlined new areas of interest and held discussions with attendees to explore innovative technology solutions for strategic national security challenges.
The foundation of STO's new strategy rests on the recognition that traditional U.S. asymmetric technology advantage-such as highly advanced satellites, stealth aircraft, or precision munitions-today offer a reduced strategic value because of growing global access to comparable high-tech systems and components, many of which are now commercially available. Additionally, the high cost and sometimes decades-long development timelines for new military systems can't compete with the fast refresh rate of electronics component technology on the commercial market, which can make new military systems obsolete before they're delivered.
STO's updated strategy seeks a new asymmetric advantage-one that imposes complexity on adversaries by harnessing the power of dynamic, coordinated, and highly autonomous composable systems.
"We've developed a technology-based vision that would enable highly complex, strategic moves by composing multiple contributing systems to enable what might be thought of as 'mosaic warfare,' in which individual components can respond to needs in real time to create desired outcomes," said Tom Burns, director of STO. "The goal is to fight as a network to create a chain of effects-or, more accurately because these effects are not linear, 'effects webs'-to deter and defeat adversaries across multiple scales of conflict intensity. This could be anything from conventional force-on-force battles to more nebulous 'Gray Zone' conflicts, which don't reach the threshold of traditional military engagements but can be equally disruptive and subversive."
U.S. military power has traditionally relied upon monolithic military systems where one type of aircraft, for example, is designed to provide a single end-to-end capability tailored to a very specific warfighting context-and be a significant loss if shot down. In contrast, the composable effects webs concept seeks a mosaic-like flexibility in designing effects for any threat scenario. By using less expensive systems brought together on demand as the conflict unfolds, these effects webs would enable diverse, agile applications-from a kinetic engagement in a remote desert setting, to multiple small strike teams operating in a bustling megacity, or an information operation to counter an adversary spreading false information in a population threatening friendly forces and strategic objectives. Mosiacs can rapidly be tailored to accommodate available resources, adapt to dynamic threats, and be resilient to losses and attrition.
"When building a mosaic, the key is the simple and versatile building blocks that artists have at their disposal from which to make complex designs," said Dan Patt, deputy director of STO. "Applying the great flexibility of the mosaic concept to warfare, lower-cost, less complex systems may be linked together in a vast number of ways to create desired, interwoven effects tailored to any scenario. The individual parts of a mosaic are attritable, but together are invaluable for how they contribute to the whole. This means that even if an adversary can neutralize a number of pieces of the mosaic, the collective can instantly respond as needed to still achieve the desired, overall effect."
The mosaic warfare concept is more highly evolved than previous approaches that envisioned a monolithic "system of systems." These were intractably complex, designed as a static configuration by a single system integrator. Attempts to make these systems of systems more flexible sought to accommodate a more diverse selection of constituent components by enforcing a particular architecture. Such constructs typically require adherence to a particular standard, or sometimes used a proprietary "universal translator" to make a limited family of systems work together. "While an open standard may offer interoperability for a period of time, developing them is time-consuming, expensive, and requires compromise. And inevitably, as soon as a standard is agreed upon, someone comes up with a new idea not considered during the standards-development process and is either locked out or the whole process must start over again. Ultimately, this approach just does not scale well," Patt said.
"The mosaic warfighting concept moves beyond any one organization, military Service, or company's system designs and the requisite interoperability standards, which are inherently inhibiting and unscalable," Patt said. "We're focused on developing processes and tools that would focus on trusted connections between known entities, enabling easy backwards compatibility and just-in-time, custom creation of any needed connections to enable rapid, intelligent, strategic assembly and disassembly of diverse systems. This construct opens a virtually limitless possibility for creating effects webs at the tactical, operational, and campaign levels."
STO's strategy stands to enhance the effectiveness of existing military capabilities across all domains - maritime, ground, air, space, and cyberspace, as well as enable new, low-cost unmanned systems that the Services, DARPA, and companies anticipate building in the future. The mosaic strategy is also anticipated to change the way the military thinks about designing and buying future systems. Instead of spending years or even decades building exquisite, monolithic systems to rigid requirements, future acquisition programs would be able to buy mosaic "tiles" at a rapid, continuous pace. The true power of the new capabilities will come from the composite mosaic effects.
The approach will draw in part on a number of existing DARPA programs that are developing enabling technologies to achieve the challenging mosaic warfare architecture, including: The Complex Adaptive System Composition And Design Environment (CASCADE) program is addressing composition of existing and new systems; the System of Systems Integration Technology and Experimentation (SoSITE) program is focused on integrating the various systems to work together; Distributed Battle Management (DBM) and Resilient Synchronized Planning and Assessment for the Contested Environment (RSPACE) are addressing battle management command and control; and Communications in Contested Environments (C2E) and Dynamic Network Adaptation for Mission Optimization (DyNAMO) are focused on seamless, adaptable communications and networking.
To further the new vision, STO has identified specific areas of interest for proposals to achieve next-generation composable effects webs: Situation Understanding, Multi-Domain Maneuver, Hybrid Effects, System of Systems (SoS), Maritime Systems, System of System-Enhanced Small Units (SESU), and Foundational Strategic Technologies and Systems. A description of each area and proposal submission guidelines are available in the STO office-wide BAA on FedBizOpps, viewable here: HR001117S0015.
Washington (UPI) Jul 31, 2017
Leonardo announced Monday it will launch the OPTSAT-3000 reconnaissance satellite Wednesday from the Kourou Europe's spaceport in French Guyana on behalf of the Italian Ministry of Defense. The satellite was delivered by Leonardo and developed via a joint venture with Thales, Telespazio, and other companies, including Israel Aerospace Industries. It will be placed in orbit using the VEG ... read more
Related Links
Eight-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt is training with Norwegian top-flight football team Stromsgodset.
The Jamaican sprinter, 31, is scheduled to play a training match against Norway Under-19s in his week at the club.
Bolt, the 100m and 200m world record holder, has already trained with Borussia Dortmund and South African club Sundowns this year.
“Maybe a club will see something and decide to give me a chance,” said Bolt, who is preparing for a charity game.
He will captain a team of celebrities and footballers at the Soccer Aid match for Unicef on 10 June at Old Trafford.
“He is a good football player, otherwise he would not have been training with us,” said Stromsgodset director of football Jostein Flo.
Flo said Bolt had been given shirt number 9.58 – his world record time for the 100m.
The Manchester United fan has spoken previously about wanting to get into professional football after retiring from athletics last year.
His arrival at Stromsgodset was a surprise for the players.
Flo said: “We told them a player was coming to try out and that he was damn fast – the door opened, and Bolt came in. It was a shock for them, they couldn't believe it.”
“He is one of the greatest athletes throughout all ages, and of course we can learn a lot from him.
“His presence will undoubtedly be a great inspiration for players, coaches, and the whole club.”
Myanmar has detained dozens of Rohingya refugees who have tried to return home, the U.N. human rights chief said Wednesday, questioning the sincerity of the government's purported repatriation program.
Myanmar has said it stands ready to welcome back some of the 700,000 Rohingya Muslims who have fled to Bangladesh since August, but so far fewer than 200 have been resettled in their homeland in northern Rakhine state.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, said his office had received reports that 58 Rohingya who tried to make it back to Rakhine were "arrested and convicted on unspecified charges."
"They then received a presidential pardon, but have simply been transferred from Buthidaung prison to a so-called 'reception center,' in conditions that appear tantamount to administrative detention," Zeid said in an oral update on the crisis to the U.N. Human Rights Council.
"Government representatives have repeatedly stated that Myanmar is ready to accept returnees and yet ... many - if not all - of those who have returned of their own accord have been detained," Zeid said.
Myanmar has signed agreements with Bangladesh and the U.N. laying out the framework for a large-scale Rohingya return but only a handful of the refugees have decided to move, while senior aid officials insist Rakhine remains too dangerous for repatriation.
The Rohingya fled a violent army crackdown in August that witnesses say included rapes by security forces, summary executions and a merciless campaign of violence, which the U.N. has described as ethnic cleansing.
Zeid said there is evidence that the atrocities in Rakhine are ongoing, including "killings and the burning of Rohingya homes."
More than 11,000 people have fled Rakhine this year, the rights chief said, in a sign that atrocities are still forcing people to flee.
Replying to the rights chief, Myanmar's delegation called Zeid's report "distorted" and insisted it was working to "expedite the repatriation process" of those displaced with a legitimate right to return.
Four years ago, faced with the possibility of insolvency and mired in a corruption scandal, state officials signed control of the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum over to USC.
Left with little responsibility, the Coliseum Commission — the joint authority of the city, county and state that had until then managed the historic venue — was reduced to three members from nine.
“It had outlived its usefulness, it was thought,” said county Supervisor Mark-Ridley Thomas, a current commissioner who also served at that time.
But current and former members say they didn't recognize one problem arising from the panel being so small.
“We screwed up,” said Bill Chadwick, a former member of the Coliseum Commission. “In between meetings you couldn't talk to anybody because it would be a Brown Act violation.”
Now, the agency with a long history of secrecy is seeking to expand — a move that would allow members to once again discuss issues privately.
The county and state have approved boosting the commission to six members, with two each appointed by the governor, the mayor and the chair of the L.A. County Board of Supervisors. The City Council is expected to sign off on the move Tuesday.
Under the state's open meeting law, the Ralph M. Brown Act, a majority of the members of a government body may not gather privately to deliberate any issue that falls under its jurisdiction. On a three-member commission, that means no two members can communicate outside of public meetings, and nothing can be referred to committee.
“It certainly puts them in an awkward position if they only have three members and they want to hand something to a committee,” said Terry Francke, general counsel of the good-government group Californians Aware.
Francke's group, together with The Times, sued the Coliseum Commission in 2012 over its secretive months-long negotiations with USC. A judge found that the commission repeatedly violated the Brown Act and ordered it to hand over hundreds of pages of emails and to pay the plaintiffs $415,000 for legal expenses.
Before that lawsuit, The Times reported that a Coliseum events manager took money from an outside events company while he oversaw its concerts, including a rave where an underage girl died from an ecstasy overdose. Subsequent reports by The Times showed a pattern of financial mismanagement and poor oversight at the commission.
“If they are increasing the number just so they can have an easier time vis-a-vis the Brown Act, that's a little disturbing,” said David Snyder, executive director of the First Amendment Coalition, a nonprofit organization that promotes free expression and open government.
“It's often more convenient for public bodies to meet outside the requirements of the Brown Act,” Snyder added, “but that inconvenience is one of the requirements of the law.”
Current commissioners say the change has nothing to do with secrecy.
“More members creates greater transparency and accountability,” said City Councilman and commission President Curren Price.
He and Ridley-Thomas also pointed out that in the last year discussions about a new NFL franchise, the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art, the demolition of the neighboring Sports Arena, and a $270-million renovation to the Coliseum have all come before the commission.
Even with USC running the Coliseum, “there is a substantial role for the commission,” Ridley-Thomas said.
One-on-one conversations in between public meetings are necessary, Ridley-Thomas said, because they afford members of government bodies more time to deliberate and to come to informed decisions. “The dialogue is not thoughtful enough in the moment,” he said.
Price said more members will allow the commission to delegate matters to subcommittees, which can gather information and testimony and report back.
Commissioners, who generally meet once a month, are not paid, other than reimbursements for travel and per diem expenses.
Under the Brown Act, meetings of standing committees that gather regularly or have ongoing authority over a specific issue must be open to the public, but those of ad hoc advisory committees that constitute less than a quorum don't have to be. Francke said government bodies sometimes use ad hoc committees to circumvent the law.
Mona Pasquil Rogers, who was appointed by Gov. Jerry Brown in February to replace Chadwick, said the current structure is inefficient because “I can't even ask my colleagues a question until we're in a meeting.”
The act does, however, permit her to ask questions of staff members.
Chadwick said the three-member arrangement was stacked against the state because the city and county members, representing the same areas, were likely to vote together and the state representative would have no opportunity to convince them otherwise.
“The state is giving up control of one of its most valuable assets,” Chadwick said, referring to the state-owned land on which the Coliseum sits.
Though he has advocated expanding the three-member commission for years, Chadwick said the current proposal doesn't go far enough.
“It's not just the six members, it's the rotation of officers,” he said. Though the commission's president is elected, the presidency is not required to rotate among the city, county and state.
Chadwick had previously assailed Ridley-Thomas for not ceding the presidency after two years, as had long been the custom.
All three current commissioners said they don't think the state is getting shortchanged.
”We're all in agreement,” Price said.
nina.agrawal@latimes.com
Twitter: @AgrawalNina
taxes
elenaleonova/Getty Images It's hard to believe the 2017 tax season is nearly here, and you'll be getting the information you need to settle up your 2016 tax return with Uncle Sam. Take advantage of the tax benefits available to you throughout the year. First, think about getting organized. It's important to have one place -- a large envelope or a file folder -- where you can accumulate tax information as it arrives. When it is finally time to fill out the tax return, a lot of information is required and every detail counts in making it a smooth process. Read on for 10 savvy tips for tax-filing season. 1. Maximize retirement plan contributions If your employer offers a 401(k) or other type of deferred pension plan, make every effort to contribute the maximum amount allowable -- especially if your employer matches your contribution. Otherwise you are leaving money on the table that could benefit you in your retirement. Think of the employer match as an immediate 100 percent return on your money. Even if there is no match, all of the funds are tax-deferred and grow tax-free. If your employer does not offer a retirement plan, then consider making a contribution to a traditional individual retirement account or a Roth IRA. The former potentially offers a tax deduction for the year the contribution is made, but both offer tax-deferred gains. RATE SEARCH: Stretch your retirement income with a CD ladder. Compare CD rates today. 2. Adjust your withholding Check your year-to-date withholding and consider changing the taxes withheld if you are expecting a large refund. This is especially important if you are claiming the earned income tax credit, or EITC, or the additional child tax credit. Why? The IRS is now required by law to hold all refunds on those returns until Feb. 15. The new law was put into place to allow the agency additional time to detect and prevent tax fraud. IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said in a statement: "It's a personal choice if you want to have extra money withheld to get a bigger tax refund, but you have options available if you prefer to have a smaller refund next year and more take-home money now." You will need to complete Form W-4, Employee's Withholding Allowance Certificate, to adjust the amount of taxes withheld and submit it to your employer.
3. Protect your identity
Speaking of tax fraud, if you received an Identity Protection PIN, or IP PIN, in the past, then you must provide this number on your tax return not only this year but on all future tax returns. An IP PIN is a six-digit number assigned to eligible taxpayers that helps prevent fraudulent returns from being filed under your Social Security number. Remember, the IP PIN is your friend in getting the IRS to accept your tax return. However, this is no ordinary IP PIN, as it changes every year. You read that correctly: every year! If you do not receive the notification in the mail, you will need to go to the IRS website to retrieve it.
RATE SEARCH: In the market for a credit card? Find and apply for credit cards from Bankrate.com's partners today!
4. Get what's yours
According to the IRS, one out of every five workers fails to claim the very valuable earned income tax credit. If you worked and earned less than $53,505 in 2016 (the limit will be $53,930 in 2017), then use the EITC Assistant tool to determine if you qualify for the credit. You must file a return in order to receive the credit. Don't miss out on this!
5. Declutter and reap a tax break
If one of your New Year's resolutions is to simplify and declutter your life, now is the time to get going. You can make money by donating all of those things you no longer need or want in your life. There are many charitable organizations that accept items other than cash such as clothing, books, electronics and other household items. The deduction is limited to the item's fair market value, and the items must be in good condition or better to be deductible. If the value of the noncash items is more than $500, then you must file Form 8283, Noncash Charitable Contributions, and fill it in with some details. But it is well worth the effort.
RATE SEARCH: Need a place to park your money? Compare CD rates at Bankrate.com today!
6. Cash in on scholarly tax breaks
If you, your spouse or dependents had higher education costs in 2016, there may be some tax savings for you. In fact there are multiple benefits available. The only difficult part is figuring out which one works best in your situation.
Basically there are three different benefits: the American opportunity credit, the lifetime learning credit and the tuition and fees deduction. There are various requirements that may limit the benefit, but the IRS once again offers a useful tool: the Interactive Tax Assistant tool to help you find your way through the maze. You should receive Form 1098-T, Tuition Statement, from your school with the information required by the IRS to complete Form 8863, Education Credits.
7. Get health coverage in order
Make sure you know what you need to report to the IRS on your health insurance. The shared responsibility provision requires that you and your family have minimum essential coverage or qualify for a health coverage exemption. Otherwise, you must make an individual shared responsibility payment for all months that you didn't have coverage or an exemption.
Most taxpayers just need to do one thing: Check the box that indicates you had health care coverage for all of 2016. If that is not the case or you received advance payments of the premium tax credit on the marketplace, then you may need to fill out Form 8965, Health Coverage Exemptions, and Form 8962, Premium Tax Credit, to complete your tax return. For more information, visit the IRS page on the Affordable Care Act.
RATE SEARCH: Looking for a high-yielding savings account? Compare rates at Bankrate.com today!
8. Know the rules about foreign accounts
Have a foreign bank account? Was the balance in the account(s) greater than $10,000 total? If the answer is yes to both, then you need to file what's commonly referred to as an "FBAR," a foreign bank account reporting form. The new name is FinCEN Report 114, FinCEN being an acronym for Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. As the name has the word "crime" in it, that should light a fire under your seat to make sure you're in compliance as the penalties are very high for failing to report.
The requirements don't stop there. If you maintain very high balances in your foreign accounts, you'll have to file IRS Form 8938, Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets.
Also, if you meet certain thresholds of ownership in any foreign corporations or partnerships, or if you are the beneficiary of a foreign trust, you should be aware of the complex reporting requirements in those instances. Just a few of the pertinent forms are: Form 5471, Information Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Corporations; Form 3520, Annual Return to Report Transactions With Foreign Trusts and Receipt of Certain Foreign Gifts, Form 8621, Information Return by a Shareholder of a Passive Foreign Investment Company or Qualified Electing Fund. All are available at the IRS website.
9. Be generous without tax repercussions
Every so many years, the IRS changes the annual exclusion for gifts that you can give without having to file a gift tax return. If you gave more than $14,000 in cash, property or gifts to anyone, you must report the gift on Form 709. If you are married, you can give a combined $28,000 and remain under the radar.
Note that this applies to the person giving the gift; if you are receiving a gift, congratulations -- you don't have to do anything. That is, unless you receive a gift from a non-U.S. person. If you happen to receive such a gift that is greater than $100,000, you will have to report this on the IRS Form 3520.
RATE SEARCH: Get some interest on your savings starting today by shopping money market accounts.
10. Be smart when you file
When filing your return, the quickest and easiest way to receive your refund is to electronically file your return and use direct deposit. If you owe money, use IRS direct pay from your checking or savings account. And whatever else you do, please make sure you keep a copy of your filed tax return. Believe me, it saves so much trouble in so many ways in the event you do happen to need it.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Jeff Carter scored his second goal of the game with 33.8 seconds left on the clock in overtime and the Los Angeles Kings recovered after giving up a two-goal lead to beat the Minnesota Wild 4-3 on Monday night.
Tanner Pearson and Dustin Brown also scored for Los Angeles, which has alternated wins and losses over its past nine games. The Kings pulled into a tie with Anaheim for third place in the Pacific Division with 86 points, and hold the tiebreaker over the Ducks.
Jonathan Quick made 24 saves for the Kings, who appeared headed to a second straight loss until Brown tipped home a point shot from Drew Doughty with 46.5 seconds left in regulation. Doughty finished with three assists.
Joel Eriksson Ek scored for the first time in 13 games with 2:31 left to give Minnesota the lead after trailing 2-0.
Eric Staal added his 39th and Zach Parise had his second goal in three games for the Wild. Devan Dubnyk stopped 26 shots for Minnesota, which is in third in the Central Division, four points ahead of Colorado.
Pearson opened the scoring before the end of the first period with his 15 goal of the year after Dustin Brown's quick no-look pass back to Pearson for a quick one-timer with 1:13 left in the period.
Los Angeles added a power-play goal in the second by Jeff Carter. Jake Muzzin's shot from the point deflected off Minnesota's Mikko Koivu, slowing the puck down and bouncing to Carter, who had an open net to the right of Dubnyk.
Carter has eight goals and two assists in 12 games since returning from surgery to repair a tendon in his ankle.
The two-goal deficit ignited the Wild, who pressured and scored their first goal about six minutes later as Parise brought the puck in the zone and skated across the front and snapping a wrist shot past Quick.
Minnesota added its own late-period goal to end the second when Staal scored his 13th goal in the past 14 games. Ryan Suter sent Staal into the zone on a long pass and Staal's quick shot flew past Quick's right shoulder with 56 seconds left.
NOTES: Los Angeles F Trevor Lewis left the game with an upper body injury and did not return. … Kings D Derek Forbort left the game in the first after he was cut near his ear by Zach Parise's skate but did return in the second. … Per the Elias Sports Bureau, Staal could join Gordie Howe as the only players in NHL history with at least nine seasons between 40-goal campaigns. Staal has his most since scoring 40 in 2008-09. … Los Angeles C Alex Iafallo was scratched for the first time since Jan. 4, a span of 32 games. Andy Andreoff was in the lineup after being scratched 11 games in a row. … Minnesota got three assists from its defensemen. Wild defenseman have now accounted for 36 goals and 142 assists this season. Their 178 points from the blue line is second only to Nashville's 181 this season.
UP NEXT
Kings: At Winnipeg on Tuesday night.
Wild: Are off until hosting Nashville on Saturday.
___
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
SINGAPORE: More cases of molest and Internet love scams were reported last year, even as overall crime in Singapore fell, the Singapore Police Force (SPF) said in its annual crime brief on Saturday (Feb 3).
The number of outrage of modesty cases increased by 22.2 per cent, with 1,566 cases last year compared to 1,282 cases in 2016.
In particular, the number of molest cases on public transport spiked by 60.5 per cent, from 129 cases to 207 cases. Molest cases at entertainment night spots also rose by 33.8 per cent, from 80 cases to 107 cases last year.
SPF said it will step up patrols at public transportation nodes, and also distribute advisories to commuters during the morning and evening peak hours. Outrage of modesty advisory posters have already been placed on the platform screen doors of MRT stations, and public education videos are being screened at bus interchanges and train platforms, it added.
The police have also been working with public entertainment outlets on measures to prevent crimes on their premises, such as the installation of surveillance cameras.
INTERNET LOVE SCAMS RISE; LARGEST AMOUNT CHEATED WAS S$6 MILLION
Advertisement
Advertisement
The number of credit-for-sex scams fell by 46.3 per cent to 418 cases, with the total amount cheated at around S$1 million in 2017, compared to S$1.7 million in 2016.
The number of China officials impersonation scams also decreased, with 186 cases last year, compared to 501 cases in 2016. The total amount cheated fell from S$23.6 million to S$12.5 million.
However, more people fell for Internet love scams, rising 29.9 per cent from 635 cases in 2016 to 825 cases last year. The total amount cheated increased by 54.2 per cent to about S$37 million from S$24 million. The largest amount cheated in a single case was close to S$6 million.
"Internet love scams have been increasing year on year. Many people are still trusting and transferring money to strangers whom they have befriended online," the police said.
Although e-commerce scams declined by 8.4 per cent, SPF said the high number – 1,961 cases in 2017 – remained a concern. The total amount cheated decreased slightly from S$1.5 million in 2016 to S$1.4 million. The largest amount cheated in a single case last year was close to S$60,700.
Graphic: SPF
SHIFT IN UNLICENSED MONEYLENDING HARASSMENT TACTICS
Following the 10-year low in 2016, the number of unlicensed moneylending-related harassment cases increased by 12.3 per cent to 3,806 cases in 2017, from 3,388 in 2016.
However, there was a significant drop of 21.8 per cent in cases involving damage to property, as more turned to harassing debtors by electronic means, SPF said. Such cases rose by 33.8 per cent to 2,783 cases last year, and formed the majority of unlicensed moneylending-related harassment cases last year.
Victims reported being harassed via SMS and social media platforms, and harassment notes were also placed inside letterboxes, SPF added.
OVERALL CRIME DOWN
Crime in Singapore fell by 1 per cent last year, from 33,099 cases in 2016 to 32,773 cases in 2017. The overall crime rate also improved, with 584 cases per 100,000 people compared to 590 cases in 2016 – a four-year low.
Graphic: SPF
The improvement was largely due to a decrease in violent and serious property crimes, which declined by 12.4 per cent to 218 cases, and theft and related crimes, which fell 4.4 per cent to 13,495 cases last year. Both types of crime fell to an all-time low in 2017.
There were also more crime-free days in Singapore last year. A total of 167 days were free from snatch thefts, housebreakings and robberies – an increase of 31 days from 2016.
"Singapore continues to be one of the safest countries in the world today," Deputy Commissioner of Police (Investigations and Intelligence) Tan Chye Hee said. But as crimes become increasingly transnational, Singaporeans "must not take our safety and security for granted", he added.
Just two days before MNAs leave for their summer break, the Parti-Quebecois is asking for tougher French-language legislation.
On Wednesday, PQ leader Jean-François Lisée said the use of French in the workplace is in jeopardy.
Citing the French Language Council, Lisée said 60 per cent of jobs posted in Montreal require English-language skills.
Back in 2008, 40 per cent of jobs asked for English to be spoken.
Lisée wants legislation that would stop employers from forcing their entire staff to be fluent in English.
“English is an important part of your economy, but if it is to the point that you can't have a job if you don't speak English, then French is no longer the most important language for work in Quebec,” Lisée said at the National Assembly. “[We] might as well all move to Wisconsin.”
Premier Philippe Couillard dismissed Lisée's comments. During question period, the Liberal leader said “there is no crisis in French.”
Couillard also suggested that the separatist Parti-Quebecois party only takes an interest in cultural or language issues when they're having internal party disputes.
On Tuesday, Couillard promised to offer support to anglophone minority communities living in Quebec.
He reiterated his promise on Wednesday when responding to Lisée's language-law question in the National Assembly.
The premier said French has gotten stronger in the rest of Canada and inside Quebec, with 69 per cent of anglophones speaking French in la belle province.
That's up from just 37 per cent of anglophones being able to speak French in the 1970s.
Getty Images
With Calvin Ridley signing his four-year deal with the Falcons, 15 drafted players remain unsigned.
Eleven of those are first-round choices, including the top four overall picks. In fact, only three of the top-10 picks have signed.
The 49ers, Browns and Giants all have two players left to get under contract.
49ers
OT Mike McGlinchey (1st round, 9th overall)
WR Dante Pettis (2nd round, 44th overall)
Bears
LB Roquan Smith (1st round, 8th overall)
Bills
QB Josh Allen (1st round, 7th overall)
Broncos
RB Royce Freeman (3rd round, 71st overall)
Browns
QB Baker Mayfield (1st round, 1st overall)
CB Denzel Ward (1st round, 4th overall)
Colts
LB Darius Leonard (2nd round, 36th overall)
Giants
RB Saquon Barkley (1st round, 2nd overall)
DL RJ McIntosh (5th round, 139th overall)
Jaguars
DT Taven Bryan (1st round, 29th overall)
Jets
QB Sam Darnold (1st round, 3rd overall)
Patriots
RB Sony Michel (1st round, 31st overall)
Steelers
S Terrell Edmunds (1st round, 28th overall)
Vikings
CB Mike Hughes (1st round, 30th overall)
In a video shared online, a man in black t-shirt was seen throwing a bicycle with the ofo logo down from a height.
SINGAPORE: Bicycle sharing start-up ofo on Thursday (Jun 15) confirmed it has lodged a police report, after a video showing a man throwing one of its bicycles down from a high floor of what looked like a Housing and Development Board (HDB) block surfaced online.
The video was posted on Vimeo on Thursday morning and was subsequently shared widely after being posted on discussion platform Reddit.
In the video, a male voice could be heard in the background saying: "This is not my fault, I swear to god", while another man, clad in a black t-shirt, picked up a bicycle with the ofo logo and threw it down from a height.
Responding to queries from Channel NewsAsia, Ms Angela Cai, the global public relations lead for ofo, said: "This is something that goes beyond vandalism and poses a great threat to people's safety. We will not tolerate this and will work with the police and make sure justice is served."
Channel NewsAsia has reached out to the police for confirmation.
Advertisement
- Advertisement -
The EU's diplomatic chief Federica Mogherini on Monday condemned “all attacks on Jews everywhere in the world” as she met Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Brussels.
Foreign ministers from the 28-member bloc are set to urge Netanyahu — making the first visit to the EU by an Israeli premier in more than two decades — to restart “meaningful” dialogue aimed at reaching peace with the Palestinians.
The visit comes after US President Donald Trump officially recognised Jerusalem as the Israeli capital — a move widely condemned by international leaders but which Netanyahu said made peace “possible”.
- Advertisement -
“Let me condemn in the strongest possible way all attacks on Jews everywhere in the world, including in Europe, and on Israel and on Israeli citizens,” Mogherini said ahead of an informal breakfast meeting between Netanyahu and the EU foreign ministers.
Her remarks come after Netanyahu criticised Europe for “hypocrisy” for condemning Trump's announcement but not rockets fired into Israel from Gaza.
She said the “worst thing that can happen now is an escalation of tensions, of violence” and restated the EU's position that a two-state solution with Jerusalem as capital for both Israelis and Palestinians was the only sustainable way to resolve the conflict.
Both Israelis and Palestinians claim Jerusalem as their capital and previous peace plans have stumbled over debates on whether and how to divide sovereignty or oversee holy sites.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
“Former Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue is the leading candidate to be tapped as Donald Trump's secretary of agriculture. Perdue has won statewide office twice, theoretically making his confirmation easier,” Playbook reports.
“Agriculture and veterans affairs are the two cabinet posts that Trump has not yet filled. Of course, as we've now learned, Trump sometimes changes his mind. Nothing is official until it's announced.”
Getty Images
Damarious Randall now has the most retweeted tweet of any NFL player, ever. It's not really a record he wanted.
The Browns new safety's tweet saying if the Cavaliers win the NBA Finals he'll buy a jersey for anyone who retweets him has now more than 800,000 retweets.
“Do I get a trophy?” Randall quipped, via Nate Ulrich of the Akron Beacon Journal.
Randall admits he underestimated Cleveland fans, expecting no more than 100 retweets.
“I mean, I definitely didn't think it would go as viral as it did,” said Randall, whom the Browns acquired in March via a trade with the Packers. “I mean, I definitely didn't think the Cleveland fan base would go this crazy about it. Obviously, it was a joke, but just to know how passionate this fan base is, I mean, it's just really encouraging.”
Randall obviously has not endeared himself to his new fan base.
His teammates have given him a hard time, and Browns coach Hue Jackson addressed Randall's social-media gaffe in a team meeting.
“What Damarious found out is that there are a lot of passionate Cleveland fans here, and you've got to be careful about what you say,” Jackson said. “I don't think he meant [to do] any harm. I think he has a love and a respect for [Steph] Curry, obviously. But I think he found out that, hey, look, in this city, it's about the Cavaliers and LeBron James, and that's the way we all talk about it.
“This is Damarious' first year with us, and I'm sure there are a lot of lessons learned. I've tried to take our team through those lessons because I think it's important. So I don't think we'll have any more of those [problems] the rest of the way. But sometimes those things do have to happen, so we can remind ourselves exactly what social media can do, and it can put you in a tough spot.”
CAPE TOWN: South African Rugby have announced the venues for the Springboks' three home matches in the 2018 Rugby Championship, including a fixture against world champions New Zealand in Pretoria.
The Boks will start their campaign at King's Park in Durban when they host Argentina on Aug. 18, before travelling to South America for the return fixture at a venue that has yet to be decided.
After matches away to Australia in Brisbane and New Zealand in Wellington, they return home to host the Wallabies at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium in Port Elizabeth on Sept. 29.
South Africa will finish their campaign against New Zealand at altitude at Loftus Versfeld in Pretoria, where they have won their last nine tests since a 45-26 loss to the All Blacks in 2006.
The Boks played their home Rugby Championship matches in Port Elizabeth, Bloemfontein and Cape Town in 2017, when they finished third in the competition.
SA Rugby announced this month that the side would host England in three test matches in June, 2018 to be played in Johannesburg, Bloemfontein and Cape Town.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Nick Said, editing by Ed Osmond)
TOKYO (Reuters) - Asian stocks rebounded from a two-month trough on Thursday and the euro enjoyed a respite after sinking to its lowest in 10 months as the political turmoil in Italy that roiled global financial markets showed signs of easing.
Visitor looks at an electronic board showing the Japan's Nikkei average at the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) in Tokyo, Japan, February 9, 2016. REUTERS/Issei Kato/Files
Spreadbetters expected European stocks to open slightly higher, with Britain's FTSE edging up 0.05 percent, Germany's DAX adding 0.1 percent and France's CAC rising 0.05 percent.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.75 percent and the Shanghai Composite Index gained 1.4 percent after news that growth in China's vast manufacturing sector accelerated strongly and well above forecasts in May to an eight-month high.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.6 percent after slumping on Wednesday to its weakest since early April.
South Korea's KOSPI added 0.5 percent and Japan's Nikkei advanced 0.8 percent.
Overnight, the Dow rose 1.25 percent and the S&P 500 climbed 1.27 percent.
Global stocks were battered, safe-haven government prices rose sharply, and the euro tumbled earlier in the week after Italy's two anti-establishment parties scrapped plans to form a coalition.
That raised the prospect of a new general election, stoking fears such a vote would effectively be a referendum on Italy's euro membership.
A degree of calm, however, returned with the two anti-establishment parties renewing efforts to form a coalition government rather than force Italy into holding elections for the second time this year.
“Experience shows that these ‘crises' tend to settle down for long periods once the initial adjustment of market expectations has been effected,” Carl Weinberg, chief international economist at High Frequency Economics, wrote in a note to clients.
A successful auction of five- and 10-year government bonds also assuaged concerns about Italy's ability to finance itself after the turbulence in its debt market sparked the biggest one-day spike in two-year bond yields in 26 years. Bond yields rise as prices fall.
“The financial markets have been able to assess and digest the situation in Italy over the past few days and it is now time for a bit of a reprieve from the turbulence,” said Masahiro Ichikawa, senior strategist at Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management in Tokyo.
“The reprieve will allow the markets to return their focus back on fundamentals, such as Friday's U.S. non-farm jobs report.”
The euro stood little changed at $1.1664 after rallying 1 percent the previous day. The currency had sunk to $1.1510 on Tuesday, its lowest since late July 2017.
The dollar index against a basket of six major currencies dipped 0.1 percent to 94.055 after surging to a near seven-month peak of 95.025 on Tuesday.
The U.S. currency traded at 108.780 yen, off a low of 108.115 brushed on Tuesday when risk aversion in the broader markets increased investor demand for yen, which is often sought in times of market unrest.
The dollar received some support as signs of an easing in Italy's political crisis pulled U.S. Treasury yields up from multi-week lows.
The 10-year Treasury note yield stood at 2.849 percent after declining on Tuesday to 2.759 percent, its lowest since April 11.
Crude oil prices eased after rallying overnight.
U.S. crude futures fell 0.18 percent to $68.09 a barrel after gaining 2.2 percent on Wednesday when Russia's central bank expressed caution on plans to boost oil supply.Prices fell to a six-week low of $65.80 a barrel on Tuesday amid concerns that Saudi Arabia and Russia might increase their output.
Brent crude lost 0.35 percent to $77.23 a barrel after jumping 2.8 percent on Wednesday.
- Advertisement -
National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Uche Secondus, has promised to reconcile all aggrieved members of the party.
Secondus stated this on Monday, in Abuja, while resuming office as the newly elected Chairman of the PDP.
According to Secondus, his first assignment would be to reconcile with other aspirants who felt aggrieved at the outcome of the convention.
- Advertisement -
“By the special grace of God, elections have come and gone and I declare to you that there is no victor, no vanquished.
“Our first assignment will be to bring all and sundry together, that is reconciliation.
“We reassure leaders of our party, especially those who contested this election; we have already started work and by the grace of God, it will be productive,” he added.
Potential drinking risks amid Alcohol Awareness Month
More than 10 percent of US children live with a parent with alcohol problems. April is Alcohol Awareness Month, and while everyone deserves to enjoy a drink now and then, here is some information on alcohol you'll want to know.
The CDC reports that if alcohol is consumed, it should be consumed in moderation; up to one drink per day for women and no more than two drinks per day for men. But what is considered a “drink”? 12 ounces of beer, 5 ounces of wine, or 1.5 ounces of liquor is all it takes! Two out of three drinkers report drinking above these moderate levels at least once a month. Martha Carucci, Author and Recovering Alcoholic, knows the effects it can have.
“Alcoholism takes its toll on your body in so many different ways,” said Carucci.
But where's the harm for moderate drinkers? Alcohol's effects are not just over time but even on a single occasion. If not consumed in moderation, it can cause heart problems that could lead to high blood pressure or even a stroke. It can damage your liver, causing fatty liver disease or cirrhosis. It can even increase your risk of developing certain cancers, including cancers of the mouth, throat, liver and breast.
“Physically I felt horrible, and I just knew, it was really starting to take its toll on me physically,” Carucci told Ivanhoe.
So enjoy your happy hour drink, but don't make it five!
There have been some studies done that show red wine, in moderation, may be healthy for your heart. The antioxidants or polyphenols help prevent coronary artery disease, a condition that leads to heart attacks by protecting the lining of blood vessels in your heart. But again, moderation is key!
Contributors to this news report include: Gabriella Battistiol, Producer; Katie Campbell, Assistant Producer; Roque Correa, Videographer and Editor.
Author: Ivanhoe Newswire
Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, Friday identified the controversial anti-open grazing laws in Benue and Taraba states as the source of the unending crisis in the two middle belt states.
The police boss told the Senate joint Committee on Police Affairs and National Intelligence that the enactment of the laws against the opposition of herdsmen was responsible for the problem in the states.
Idris appeared before the joint committee in camera following the directive of the Senate in plenary that he should be summoned to explain why he failed to comply with the mandate of the upper chamber to apprehend perpetrators of the January 1st mayhem in Benue state.
Herdsmen suspected to be Fulani swooped on two Benue communities on New Year Day and killed not less than 73 persons.
Chairman, Senate Committee on Police Affairs, Senator Abu Ibrahim, refused to brief reporters after the closed door interface with the IGP, insisting that he would only report back to the Senate as directed.
A source close to the committee, however, said that Idris was categorical that the anti-open grazing laws in Benue and Taraba should be blamed for the continuing killings in the states.
The source also said that the IGP told the committee that over 120 people have bee arrested as those behind the crisis in the states.
Asked whether the IGP wanted the laws scrapped, the source noted that Idris was not categorical on the issue of scrapping the laws in the two states.
Ray J. Robinson, 90, of Alton, died at 11:15 a.m. Monday, Oct. 2, 2017, at Eunice Smith Home in Alton.
A private, family-only funeral service will be conducted Oct. 9 at Elias, Kallal and Schaaf Funeral Home in Alton. Burial will follow at Valhalla Memorial Park in Godfrey. Military burial rites will be provided by Alton VFW Post 1308.
Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it will force Australians to use its Australian website instead of its much larger U.S. site to avoid a new sales tax, setting the stage for a showdown with rival eBay Inc in the No. 12 economy.
SYDNEY: Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it will force Australians to use its Australian website instead of its much larger U.S. site to avoid a new sales tax, setting the stage for a showdown with rival eBay Inc in the No. 12 economy.
The retail giant said it would subject Australians to the process known as "geoblocking" from July 1, when 10 percent Goods and Services Tax (GST) applies to imported online goods worth less than AUS$1,000 (US$756).
Advertisement
"While we regret any inconvenience this may cause customers, we have had to assess the workability of the legislation as a global business with multiple international sites," an Amazon spokesman said, adding that the firm was taking the measure to comply with the legislation and not to avoid paying tax.
The move will likely drive traffic to Amazon's Australian website, testing the patience of shoppers who have complained about its thin product range - a tenth the range of its U.S. site - and uncompetitive prices since it began taking orders in December.
It may also benefit Amazon's main rivals, from California-headquartered online market eBay to smaller Australian merchants which had campaigned to have the GST apply to all goods shipped from overseas.
National Retail Association CEO Dominique Lamb said Amazon's move was a surprise.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"You have to wonder if they are trying to funnel more traffic to its Australan website," she said.
An eBay spokesman said the U.S. company was working on a way to collect the Australian tax from sellers around the world without cutting access for Australians.
"eBay's GST solution ... allows imports to Australia to continue without any structural barriers, redirects or blocks to the buyer experience," he said.
FAIR SHARE
Until now, GST has applied only to most goods sold in Australia and imported goods worth over AUS$1,000, making relatively low-cost imported items cheaper than their equivalents in local stores.
Australian Treasurer Scott Morrison announced the change in April 2017, eight months before Amazon opened its Australian unit.
"The second-biggest company in the world, run by the richest man in the world, shouldn't get a leave pass from paying tax in Australia," Morrison said in an email statement on Thursday.
"If multinationals aren't forced to pay their fair share of tax, they will have a competitive advantage over retailers here in Australia, on our own main streets and in our shopping centres."
Shares of local e-commerce site Kogan.com Ltd closed up 0.8 percent while shares of electronics retailers JB Hi-Fi Ltd and Harvey Norman Holdings Ltd, seen as direct Amazon competitors, closed up 2.2 percent and 1.4 percent respectively. The broader market rose 0.4 percent.
(US$1 = 1.3224 Australian dollars)
(Reporting by Byron Kaye; Editing by Stephen Coates)
LAHORE-Abdul Islam Nazir won the 1st Bin Qutab Foundation Golf trophy here at Royal Palm Golf and Country Club on Monday.
Nazir achieved the ascendancy over his nearest rival Asif Ahmed through a round of sustained golfing skill application that involved, power hitting off the tees on all tar-4's, meticulous shot placing accuracy on the approach shots and avoiding any putting hicups.
On a rather hot sunny day, apparent was the hostility amongst the leading single handicap amateurs who showed ample guts and courage to compete in this golf event held to highlight the existence of the Foundation hospital in Bhubhar, Chakwal which restores hopes of the underprivileged rural population in health sector.
The field of 62 aspirants consisted of over a dozen potential aspirants, eager to win, and though they played well, victory evaded them because they could not reflect ease on many of their six foot putts which included players like Faisal Sayid, Shahid Abbas, Abbas Chaudry and Hameed Sharid. While Abdul Islam topped the gross section in handicap category 0-12, with a round of 82, his challenger Asif Ahmed also ended the competition at the same score but as per rules Islam was awarded the Bin Qutab Trophy as he had a better score on the back nine. As for the events in other categories, the winner in net section of handicap category 0-12 was Abdullah Sharif with a score of net 70. He showed good powers of recovery to edge past Amir Kabir who had to be content with the runners-up net prize. As regards the senior contestants, those who demonstrated unruffled golf were Irfan Raja and Mansoor Zaigam. First gross was captured by Irfan Raja and Mansoor Zaigam was first in net category.
Winners in handicap category 13-18 were Saeed ul Haseeb, first gross and Waqar Butt, second gross. Net category performers were Ale Naeem (1st net) and Imran Amjad (2nd net). Nearest to the pin prize went to Ahsan Kabir and longest drive was hit by Khalid Chaudry. In the end, Khawaja Khawar Rasheed, Chairman Citizen Police Business Committee, and Bashir Malik, Founder Bin Qutab Foundation, awarded prizes to the winners.
The Florida Department of Health has chosen five new marijuana growers in the last few weeks.
The new nurseries selected are: Treadwell Nursery, Sunbulb Company, 3 Boys Farm, Plants of Ruskin and Loop's Nursery and Greenhouse.
Treadwell Nursery has been selected as Central Florida's second medical marijuana grower. Treadwell, in Eustis in north Lake County, has not yet gotten the greenlight to grow cannabis.
Knox Nursery grows medical marijuana in Winter Garden and has a retail store in Orlando. During the last legislative session, Florida lawmakers approved a bill to implement Amendment 2, the medical marijuana amendment approved by voters. That bill requires the state to add 10 new medical marijuana growers by October of this year.
More than 10,000 new patients have signed up for medical marijuana cards in the last few months – a sign of Florida's growing medical marijuana market.
WMFE is a partner with Health News Florida, which receives support from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
Health reporting on WMFE is supported in part by Florida Hospital.
PARIS: A car ploughed into the outdoor terrace of a pizzeria in the small town of Sept-Sorts east of Paris on Monday, killing an 8-year-old girl and injuring several other people, BFM TV reported.
France's national gendarmerie said they were dealing with an incident in Sept-Sorts and urged the public not to hinder their operation. It gave no further details.
BFM TV said the driver of the vehicle had been arrested. An official from the Seine-et-Marne prefecture declined to comment.
The incident occurred less than a week after an Algerian national was arrested on suspicion of deliberately ramming a hire car into a group of soldiers on a patrol in a Parisian suburb, injuring six of them.
(Reporting by Richard Lough and Yves Clarisse, editing by Larry King and Mark Heinrich)
Our readers have shared with us some of their favourite spots in the county to see these beautiful flowers.
The UK is home to half the world's population of bluebells and here in Sussex we are spoilt by the number of places to see them flowering in full glory. The peak time to see bluebells is from late April to late May - so get your walking shoes on and go and see them for yourself soon!
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
New Delhi: Home loan rates have fallen to their lowest level in six years with the State Bank of India, the country's largest lender, cutting the effective rate to 8.6% from 9.10%.
SBI, the country's biggest lender by assets, on Sunday cut its lending rates by 90 basis points for maturities ranging from overnight to three year tenures. It has reduced the marginal cost of funds based lending rate (MCLR) to 8 per cent for one year tenure, from 8.9 per cent.
So, home loans up to Rs 75 lakh, earlier available at 9.1%, can now be taken at 8.6%. For others, the rate would be 8.65%, against 9.15% earlier. Besides SBI, the Union Bank of India and the Punjab National Bank also cut rates.
The reduction in lending rates by several public sector banks will make the affordable home loan scheme, announced by PM Modi on Sunday, available at a little over 4% for borrowers seeking loans of up to Rs 9 lakh.
The Prime Minister on December 31 announced that loans of upto Rs 9 lakh taken in the New Year under two new schemes of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana will receive interest subvention of 4 per cent and loan of upto Rs 12 lakh will get a 3 per cent interest waiver.
By Clayton Johns
CONCORD, N.C. – February 14, 2017 – If eight consecutive nights of racing sounds challenging, it is. Four DIRTcar UMP Modified drivers are adding another layer to that task when they compete at the 46th DIRTcar Nationals at Volusia Speedway Park in Barberville, FL from February 14-25, 2017.
David Stremme, Nick Hoffman, David Reutimann and Brian Ruhlman are gearing up to tackle eight straight nights at Volusia, but all four drivers are also chassis builders. They'll not only be focused on their own equipment, but also on as many as a dozen others competing in cars they've fabricated.
Stremme, who enters his third season operating Lethal Chassis in Mooresville, NC, anticipates he'll have up to 13 customers racing at Volusia. Organizing for a trip of this length, with customer service and maintenance in mind, is a challenging task, but one Stremme's ready to tackle.
“I've always been a planning and scheduling type person,” Stremme said. “I would say we're prepared as much as we think we need to be, but I don't think you're ever prepared [enough]. I'll bring a whole other trailer with stuff for our customers.”
Nick Hoffman, the two-time defending DIRTcar Nationals UMP Modified champion, is also based in Mooresville as the builder of Elite Chassis. Now in its fifth year, Hoffman and his team are currently building their 65th car and expect as many as seven clients to compete at Volusia. Countless hours of preparation have gone into the offseason to make sure he can service his teams as needed in the Sunshine State.
“It's the biggest thing for me. If we have seven cars down there, I have to have stuff for myself but I'll also bring 10-15 bumpers and I'll have my trailer packed front to back and all the way to the top with tires and body panels,” Hoffman explained. “It's a lot of preparation to get stuff built and stocked up for this.”
David Reutimann, the owner of Beak Built chassis in North Carolina, knows that space in the trailer is always at a premium. Regardless, he'll find a way to meet his customers' needs.
“You'll have some guys say ‘while you're coming down, how about you bring us four or five bumpers'. Sometimes it's a bit of a juggling act to get everything in there,” Reutimann said.
Clarklake, Mich. native Brian Ruhlman, the owner and builder of Ruhlman Racecars, is also knee-deep in his planning. Ruhlman also expects to have a handful of competitors driving equipment with his stamp at the DIRTcar Nationals. Last year, he found Victory Lane at Volusia for the first time and knows another successful trip south is the best publicity available.
“For us, it's more of a marketing deal in order to keep yourself relevant. If you go down there and run well or win races, that kind of makes you relevant within the market for the year,” Ruhlman explained.
In theory, it seems like a stressful operation, but only until the cars are loaded and out of the shop. Then, its time to race, relax and enjoy a reunion of sorts amongst customers, who often become good friends.
“Our customer base is really spread out, which is a good thing for us. I've got guys all over the place and everybody kind of congregates down there because that's the only thing going on. It's nice to see them face-to-face,” Ruhlman said.
There's an added benefit to the rare opportunity to learn and converse with customers in person.
“The approach I take, with all of our customers, they get exactly what we're running, unless we're working on something new,” Ruhlman said. “Being an engineer, it's a lot easier to explain the why. Here's what it does, here's why it does it and here's how to manage it.”
Stremme echoed a similar sentiment, but highlighted the DIRTcar Nationals are more than a business trip.
“I'll be honest, when I get to the track, that's my de-stress time. You work so hard in the shop to do all this stuff, but when you go there and you can see a customer run well, that result is what's refreshing from the work in the shop,” Stremme said.
“The biggest thing is I pretty much get along with all my customers really well. We're all a bunch of buddies,” Hoffman said. “We try to treat it like a vacation as much as we can. That's what makes it different from any other race the rest of the year.”
It doesn't mean competitive spirit is thrown out the window. Each of these drivers knows there's plenty of prestige associated with a Gator trophy.
“My main thing is I want to win, but I want my customers to win too. I want them to run as well as I do and we try to give it everything we've got,” Stremme said.
The DIRTcar Nationals are also a measuring stick for a number of drivers who hope to reach Victory Lane throughout the season.
“Pretty much anybody that's anybody in the Modified world is there racing. You can win at a local racetrack on any given level and feel like you're in pretty good shape, but then you'll go to a place like Volusia and realize how far you're off,” Reutimann said. “Sometimes it's a reality check.”
“We get to race against some cars that we don't get to race against for the rest of the year,” Hoffman said. “I think it improves your whole program for the rest of the year racing against that competition level.”
The historic DIRTcar Nationals is the most accessible motorsports event during the Florida in February jaunt. Every ticket is a pit pass, so fans can get up close and personal to all the action. Fans will be able to meet their favorite drivers from each of the competing series below.
Voltage Pictures to finance and introduce to buyers in Cannes.
Wonderland Sound & Vision and Voltage Pictures have signed Amy Schumer to play the lead in the comedy I Feel Pretty.
Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein wrote the script and Silverstein will make his feature directorial debut on the project, which Voltage is financing and will introduce to international buyers on the Croisette next month.
Plot details remain under the proverbial wraps – at least until Cannes buyers start to talk about it in the coming weeks. Voltage jointly represents US rights with UTA Independent Film Group.
The producers anticipate a summer production start for I Feel Pretty on the East Coast.
Schumer will serve as a producer alongside Wonderland's McG and Mary Viola, and Voltage's Alissa Phillips, Dominic Rustam, and Nicolas Chartier.
Phillips brought the project in for Voltage. Jonathan Deckter will serve as executive producer for Voltage.
Schumer was last seen in the comedy Trainwreck and stars opposite Goldie Hawn in Fox's May 12 release, Snatched.
Next up for Schumer will be the Universal drama Thank You For Your Service opposite Miles Teller, due out in autumn.
Its name sounds like an artifact of the Cold War, but the Voice of America — the international news source funded by the U.S. government — has changed geography and technology. VOA just began a 24-hour Russian-language news channel on several platforms to reach Russian speakers throughout the old Soviet empire — a clear pushback against Russian government-run programming. Yet it's home-front happenings that have put VOA in the news: first, the 2013 repeal of a law restricting the use of VOA-produced news inside the U.S., and then, toward the end of the Obama administration, a law that pulled the plug on a bipartisan board supervising the Broadcasting Board of Governors and replaced it with a CEO who's selected by the president and confirmed by the Senate. That's sounded alarm bells for people who worry that President Trump might want to convert VOA into his own megaphone. John F. Lansing, who's the head of the Broadcasting Board of Governors, told NPR that it would be “illegal” for the administration to tell VOA what to broadcast. And It's director, journalist Amanda Bennett, details an operation that is government-funded, but, she says, not government-run.
Find the full archive of "Patt Morrison Asks" podcasts here or search for "Patt Morrison Asks" on iTunes.
To read this week's column, click here.
Want unlimited digital access to the L.A. Times? Patt Morrison listeners can sign up here for eight free weeks.
MORE PATT MORRISON ASKS
Mike Judge: The election is over, but our idiocracy is here to stay
The tweets that Donald Trump and other politicians don't want you to read
Stanford linguistics professor John Rickford on the legacy of Ebonics
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion or Facebook
No fewer than 100,000 Nigerians are diagnosed with cancer every year, the United Nation (UN) agencies said yesterday.
Also, more than 40 women and 26 men die every day from breast and prostate cancer in Nigeria., with a with the survival rate put at 1:5.
But despite the rising cancer scourge, 28 African countries lack even one radiotherapy machine for cancer treatment, according to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
The director-general of IAEA, Yukiya Amano, said millions of people continued to suffer from cancer in developing countries due to the lack of access to effective prevention, screening, early diagnosis and treatment.
Amano, at an event commemorating World Cancer Day in Abuja, called for continued efforts to ensure greater access to vital cancer services to prevent millions of people from cancer deaths annually.
He said: “Twenty-eight African countries do not have a single radiotherapy machine”, he said, but he did not identify the countries.
“The IAEA will continue to work hard to change that, and to improve facilities in other regions of the world where the need is also great. “We will strive to continuously improve the services we offer our Member States so they can provide better care – and hope – for their people.”
According to him, addressing the challenges confronting the developing world would remain a priority for the agency.
Globally, cancer is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide, with approximately 14 million new cases and eight million cancer-related deaths annually.
There are concerns that the number of new cases could rise by about 70 per cent over the next 20 years.
This discovery increased global burden that cancer inflicts on people – both poor and rich.
Meanwhile, the World Health Organisation (WHO) 2017 Report shows that cancer is responsible for one in six deaths globally.
According to the data, each year, 8.8 million people die from cancer, with about two-thirds occurring in developing countries.
The data shows that Nigeria has had a significant increase in deaths from common cancers within four years.
WHO said that in 2008 breast cancer killed 30 Nigerian women daily, adding that by 2012 this figure rose to 40.
According to the organisation, prostate cancer killed 14 Nigerian men daily in 2008. It said that by 2012, the figure increased to 26.
“In 2008, liver cancer killed 24 Nigerians daily; by 2012 this had risen to 32. Over 100,000 Nigerians are diagnosed with cancer annually, with a dismal survival rate of 1:5,“ WHO stated.
According to WHO, one-third of cancers is preventable, another one-third curable and the last third can have good quality of life with appropriate care.
Nigerians Urged to engage in Physical Exercises
As Nigeria joins the rest of the world to commemorate the World Cancer Day, minister of health, Professor Isaac Adewole, has called on Nigerians to always engage in physical exercises to reduce the risk of suffering from cancer.
The minister, who stated this in his World Cancer Day message, said that any form of consistent physical activity will promote healthy living, reduce obesity and sedentary lifestyle, and other non-communicable diseases.
According to him, this year's theme: “We can. I can”, is geared towards exploring individual and collective drive in reducing the global burden of cancer.
The campaign outlined actions that communities and individuals could take to save lives, achieve greater equity in cancer care and make fighting cancer a priority at the highest political level.
On the individual's role in fighting cancer, Adewole said individuals could make healthy lifestyle choices by engaging in weekly physical activities for at least two and half hours for adults.
He also urged Nigerians to avoid tobacco smoking, eat healthy diet, limit alcohol intake and stay safe under the sun.
He noted that early detection makes it easier to treat and cure.
Spelling out roles expected from communities in the fight against cancer, the minister praised various organisations and professional bodies that have dedicated sporting programmes, encouraging them to sustain the tempo.
Adewole also said that communities should dispel myths that lead to stigma and discrimination against people living with cancer among them.
He called on governments to commit adequate resources to reduce cancer death and provide better quality of life for patients and survivors.
The minister, however, stated that the Federal Ministry of Health had made significant effort in awareness creation by developing jingles on cancer awareness in five Nigerian languages: English, Hausa, Igbo, Yoruba and ‘Pidgin-English'.
These, Adewole said, were available for broadcast to the general public on Radio and social media.
“The Ministry is continuing her partnership with the Nigeria Union of Road Transport Workers (NUWRT) to broadcast the awareness jingles on another 1000 long distance buses while the office of National Coordinator for Cancer Programme, Federal Ministry of Health provided technical and material support,” he added
The minister further said that the commissioning of a new radiotherapy machine at the National Hospital, Abuja (NHA), recently, would provide for easy access to radiation treatment for Nigerians.
He disclosed that another new machine donated by Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company (SNEPCO) was within the country and would be operational at NHA in the next few months.
According to him, the facility at Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH) should be offering full and uninterrupted service by June 2018.
He further stressed the commitment of the federal government to rolling out nationwide screening for breast and cervical cancer in women and prostate cancer among men in 2018.
Despite these giant strides, the minister regretted that there remained some factors militating against these efforts to effectively combat the scourge of cancer in Nigeria.
The key barriers to treatment of cancer in Nigeria, the minister said, include poor awareness, poor health seeking behaviour, low level of non-governmental investments, low number of skilled health care personnel, and funding gaps, amongst others.
To surmount these barriers, Adewole said government was committed to the development of the Public Private Partnership strategies to address the funding gaps and manpower shortages.
He therefore called on interested stakeholders in the national and international arena to partner with Federal Ministry of Health so that more laudable achievements could be recorded in the management of cancer cases in the country.
You never get a second chance to make a first impression and that is why Rebecca ghosted Evan.
The Oklahoma City Thunder just announced its 2017-18 regular season schedule. The 10th season for the team will launch with a home game Thursday, October 19.
Oklahoma City is scheduled to appear on national television at least 36 times during the 2017-18 season.
Single-game tickets for all Thunder games will go on sale at 10 a.m. central on Friday, September 8, through okcthunder.com/tickets. Tickets sold directly from the team will only be available for purchase by fans in Oklahoma, Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Nebraska, a news release states.
Get the full schedule at OKCThunder.com.
In “Manchester by the Sea,” a film that is largely about grief and the gradual recovery from it, Michelle Williams' character Randi Chandler explains how she feels after the tragic death of her children. A few years after watching them burn in a house fire set accidentally by her husband, Randi says, “My heart is broken and it's always going to be broken.”
It's a simple statement, but one that sums up a thematic trend in Hollywood right now. Several filmmakers, including “Manchester by the Sea's” writer-director Kenneth Lonergan, have centered on the loss of a child, which is arguably one of the darkest subjects available to a storyteller.
Lonergan's film is one of several about this unthinkable tragedy, a topic that Hollywood has historically dealt with only sporadically. Over the past few months a few such movies have emerged, including “Manchester by the Sea,” “Arrival” and “Collateral Beauty.” Each film builds much of its central narrative around a child's death and how that loss affects a parent. They are all about how the parent copes following the loss, rather than the loss itself, and offer various insights about what happens to someone when they are left behind alive.
'Manchester By The Sea' trailer "Manchester By The Sea" stars Kyle Chandler, Michelle Williams and Casey Affleck. "Manchester By The Sea" stars Kyle Chandler, Michelle Williams and Casey Affleck. See more videos
“It seems to be the season for these movies,” says David Frankel, director of “Collateral Beauty,” a film about a man named Howard (Will Smith) who pens letters to the personified concepts of death, love and time after his daughter passes away from cancer. “The loss of a child is so devastating and so irreparable. I've seen the devastation and grief it can bring to people and how hard it is to emerge from that cloud and why it's such a struggle. You see how the death of a child wrecks the marriages and leaves people feeling isolated and lonely and unable to connect. In the end, this movie advocates for connection.”
Hollywood has historically touched on the sort of grief that the loss of a child brings, but it's not necessarily a subject matter that pervades the big screen. Many films, including the recent “A Monster Calls,” focus on the death of a parent, which can have similar tones, but to find several movies so close together centered on children passing is unusual. John Cameron Mitchell's “Rabbit Hole,” Alejandro G. Iñárritu's “21 Grams,” Robert Redford's “Ordinary People” and Krzysztof Kieslowski's “Three Colors: Blue” exemplify past Hollywood dramas on the topic. All are notably dark, forcing the characters to face grief head on. “Arrival” handles that grief differently, ultimately arguing that there is a humanity in sadness.
The film, based on Ted Chiang's 1998 short story “Story of Your Life,” opens with a montage that unspools the birth, childhood and death of the protagonist's daughter. In the first five minutes you watch as Louise Banks (Amy Adams) engages with her daughter over the course of her childhood and then sees her die from cancer. It's instantly heartbreaking, but it becomes even more so over the course of the film as you realize that the past, present and future are all malleable in the hands of director Denis Villenueve and screenwriter Eric Heisserer.
“What compelled me to write it was the way it made me feel: Both heartbroken and uplifted at the end, with a head full of ideas,” says Heisserer. “I was desperate to share that with a wider audience. I admired how Ted's story reinforced the Tennyson quote, ‘'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.' As a people we get so caught up in the milestones of birth and death, but it's the moments in between that have the most value. Louise understands this. And I aspire to be like her in that regard.”
'Arrival' trailer Amy Adams, Jeremy Renner and Forest Whitaker star in "Arrival." Amy Adams, Jeremy Renner and Forest Whitaker star in "Arrival." See more videos
For Villeneuve, childhood is connected to nature. There are purposefully many shots in “Arrival” of Louise's daughter Hannah in the woods or engaging with wildlife throughout the movie. “Cynicism is growing and our hope for the future is narrowing down,” the director notes. “We seem to be more and more disconnected with nature. That, I think, in the movie is linked to seeing the death of innocence. There's something strong there that artists are exploring in different ways. It's very, very dark subject matter. It's always striking to see these trends.”
Villeneuve sees “Arrival” as less about grief and more about the sense of rebirth that comes with loss. It asks the viewer to find warmth in the darkness, which is something that “Collateral Beauty” also focuses on. Both films are about the idea that with death there can come something else. Loss can help you see the world in a new way.
“[The movie] tells us that we must not be afraid of death and embrace it in order to be really able to embrace life,” Villeneuve says. “For me, it's a lesson of humility, to be closer to our own condition and our own nature. [Louise] will be more open to the tragedy and the beauty of life. It's an antidote to cynicism.”
Allen Loeb, who wrote “Collateral Beauty” after several years of toying with the concept and being unable to shake the idea, could have set the story around various types of loss. But, for him, the death of a child is the worst thing someone can endure.
“I needed the character [of Howard] to be really, really wounded,” Loeb says. “And, of course, it could have been losing a spouse or a few other things. But I really went all the way with what I consider personally to be the largest vulnerability we all have in this world: Losing a child.”
All these films, including “A Monster Calls,” which centers on a child learning to channel his sadness as his mother dies of cancer, look for the light that comes after the darkness. They all ask: What can we gain from the loss?
Heisserer, for instance, wants “Arrival's” viewers to remember that sadness comes because we felt a real bond with another person and now something palpable is missing from the world. “It reminds us that grief and loss affect us so deeply because we chose to connect with someone just as deeply,” the writer notes. “Despite the pain, it's a good sign. And when we think of that loss, it's noble to also think of the contributions that person gave us. Their presence in the world. Their echoes and footprints.”
Over the years, driven entirely by curiosity, I've tried vipassana meditation, reiki and Pranic Healing—not so long ago, I even spent a new year's eve at the GMCK Arhatic Yoga Ashram in Mulshi near Pune, the Asia headquarters for Pranic Healing. It's fair to say that I've met a number of healers over the years, so when I received an email from Atmantan Wellness Centre saying they're going to host one of the “world's best healers” as a special incentive for guests visiting the resort around the new year, curiosity struck again.
I met the London-based Jacqueline Bourbon at a hotel room in Nariman Point. Bourbon had offered to conduct personal healing sessions in lieu of interviews and as I was the last interaction for the day, I entered an already charged room. A healer, transformational teacher, medium and a sage, Bourbon calls her practice ‘Spiritual Healing', which like other energy-based healing practices such as Reiki, is a transfer of energy that works on a patient on a physical, mental, emotional and spiritual level, on an unconscious and conscious level.
I didn't need much convincing myself, but for those who do—Bourbon's BSc in occupational psychology and her articulate and informed approach is likely to put even skeptics trying energy healing for the first time at ease. That she's a passionate advocate of integrating holistic and alternative practices with conventional medicine is also a bonus.
This is Bourbon's third trip to India and I ask if she's looking forward to her month-long stint at Atmantan—a new holistic resort that we've written about earlier here—and if healing works better while on holidays. “You are away from the pulls and stressors of “everyday” life, and when you are relaxed, you are infinitely more receptive,” she says. Edited excerpts from an interview.
Does Spiritual Healing work on cynics as well or does the recipient have to come to you with an open mind and a willingness to heal?
It's easier if the person comes with an open mind and heart. As a matter of fact, I also work a great deal with animals and babies. They are always incredibly receptive to healing as they are able to sense more readily something that is good for them. Naturally, I don't have to ask them to come with an open heart or mind.
I regularly work with cynics. It's quite normal to be doubtful if you have not had any experience of healing before. I don't seek to persuade them with words.
It works under most circumstances. I believe that if a recipient has come to me, there is already a part of them that is open, and willing to heal, or they would not bother to come. All of my work is permission-based. Since I rarely use touch, I am able to help people working remotely without being physically present, in all corners of the world.
How would you respond to people who call energy healing a pseudo-science? Is there any anecdote you could share?
I would rather not refer to healing as a science at all, although there are correct disciplines and some scientific principles involved in the transmission of energy, but I would rather refer to it as a ‘Healing Art'.
I regularly work in collaboration with doctors across the world, and in fact established a practice with some doctors in London's Harley Street in 2009. My belief and experience is that illnesses are diseases of the mental, emotional, or spiritual bodies, which if left unheeded, manifest in the physical as an illness. Spiritual Healing can reach the parts that medicine and surgeries cannot as it works simultaneously on all those levels. I always encourage doctors that I work with to give me their “hopeless cases” where the condition consistently recurs, or is believed to be terminal. I firmly believe in the power of traditional western medicine working alongside and collaboratively with alternative and holistic practices such as Spiritual Healing, and it is my dream to see this properly established in years to come. Some of my doctor colleagues are also yoga instructors, practitioners in acupuncture and Chinese medicine, or Naturopathy themselves, and it is a pleasure to work as a team with them.
If you'd like some examples, one springs to mind: the first is that my own spiritual mentor was diagnosed with cancer many years ago when I first started to practise. I gave her regular healing between her diagnosis and her operation for bowel cancer. When she awoke from the anaesthetic, the doctor said that once he had opened her up, he thought he had the wrong patient, as the tumour that he had seen on a scan and the one he operated on were completely different, as it had shrunk significantly from her first consultation. Later, on a follow-up consultations, tests indicated that the cancer had spread and had gone to her liver. She called me in some distress. I could not feel that she had any cancer left in her body, arranged quickly to give her more healing and asked her to be re-tested as soon as possible as she was naturally distraught at the idea that it had returned as a secondary cancer and in a less easily treatable place (in those days). When they re-tested they found that the cancer was not there.
What is the best time to try Spiritual Healing? Would you say it is a time of the year or before milestones in one's life such as marriage or a new job?
Generally, people come when they have a problem in their life that has unsettled them. I also treat many friends and co-workers who are without particular problems, and who just need a personal boost. It can give you terrific energy if you just need a little extra spring in your step! We call it a “turbo-charge”.
Sometimes people do come when they anticipate issues that might arise—these are generally people who already have had some positive experience of healing. I am frequently consulted by politicians before future elections, for example. I myself believe that pre-emptive is better than curative, but, I don't think the time of year or a particular milestone is an essential factor. I do see people come at a particular time of year when they have anniversaries of trauma or bereavement as it is also helpful for them to honour or pass these occasions peacefully.
Does it help for partners or families to try Spiritual Healing together so they can share their experiences?
Interesting question! I do in fact treat couples, and sometimes whole families. But in the first instance, I always see each individually, as in the example of a couple, it is often one partner that is causing a problem for the other, and it isn't always helpful to see them together.
Some of the treatment and healing is done while talking, and sometimes without words. In any case, I never discuss what I do with people, even between husband and wife. It is their prerogative to discuss freely with each other if they choose. Once they are at that point, I am happy to see them together as well as individually.
When I work on children under the age of 12, one parent must always be present, so they too benefit from healing while I work on their child. This sometimes helps communication and the bond to also be improved between the child and parent.
On occasions, I have worked on a whole family as the issue that affected them required this. The power intelligently goes to wherever it is needed, so if I feel it is appropriate to work on a group together, then this is quite possible. I have also worked on sports teams as a group.
While individual sessions are more powerful and concentrated, it is obviously more powerful when couples or families come together, albeit being treated separately as the sharing of experiences itself is a very powerful tool and facilitator for them. I work with a Swiss gentleman who says he has benefitted greatly from sessions with me and ruefully wished a while ago that his wife would be more open to such sessions. I told him to rely on the power of the spirit, and sure enough, after several months, for the first time she also asked to work with me quite independently. I know that the sharing of their experiences since has strengthened something between them, which was a joy to see. What I frequently see happen is that one person comes in for treatment—the others then observe an acute positive change, are intrigued, and then come themselves.
Jacqueline Bourbon is conducting sessions for $300 each at Atmantan Wellness Report in Pune until January 10, 2017. Visit Atmantan.com for details
Big-name dividend stocks build their reputations as reliable payers over decades. But they don't always offer investors the best opportunity to earn attractive returns. Today I'll discuss whether a little-known tech stock could be a better choice than pharma giant AstraZeneca (LSE: AZN) for investors wanting both income and growth. Against the odds Defying expectations, AIM-listed XLMedia (LSE: XLM) has doubled in value over the last two years. This internet marketing group makes most of its money by recruiting new customers for online gaming operators. Investors have always been a bit suspicious about the quality of this business. There's always a risk that…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Big-name dividend stocks build their reputations as reliable payers over decades. But they don't always offer investors the best opportunity to earn attractive returns.
Today I'll discuss whether a little-known tech stock could be a better choice than pharma giant AstraZeneca (LSE: AZN) for investors wanting both income and growth.
Against the odds
Defying expectations, AIM-listed XLMedia (LSE: XLM) has doubled in value over the last two years. This internet marketing group makes most of its money by recruiting new customers for online gaming operators.
Investors have always been a bit suspicious about the quality of this business. There's always a risk that regulatory changes — or Google changes — could hit profits. However, management is aware of this risk and the company is taking steps to diversify.
On Monday, XLMedia announced the acquisition of a US price comparison website www.moneyunder30.com, which should complement a similar business acquired recently in Canada. Personal finance is a large and growing market, so could provide an attractive opportunity.
It's also worth noting that even this company's critics admit that its financial performance has been very impressive since it floated in 2014. Net profit has risen from $9.8m in 2014 to $23.9m last year. This progress has been backed by strong cash generation, leaving net cash of $35.2m at the end of last year.
Shareholders have been rewarded with rising dividends, which give the stock a trailing yield of 4.4%. But despite the shares' strong performance, the current share price of 133p gives an undemanding forecast P/E of 12.7. In my view, it's not too late to consider investing in this stock.
What about AstraZeneca?
Star fund manager Neil Woodford has recently restated his commitment to AstraZeneca. According to his blog, Mr Woodford's view is that “very little of what I believe the company will achieve is reflected in today's share price”.
One particular point made by Mr Woodford is that the firm's current valuation doesn't give much credit to chief executive Pascal Soriot's goal to double sales by 2023. I agree. If Mr Soriot is able to deliver on this ambitious target, then if profit margins remain stable, the shares could be worth significantly more.
What concerns me is that private investors are not in a position to judge the commercial potential of AstraZeneca's pipeline. For us, it's pretty much a black box out of which successful new products may one day emerge.
The evidence so far seems to be that progress is slow and costly. The group's net debt has risen from almost nothing at the end of 2013, to $10,657m at the end of 2016. Although after-tax profits have recovered from a low of $1,233m in 2014 to $3,499m in 2016, this still leaves the stock on a trailing P/E of 22.
A further improvement in profit to $4,594m is expected for 2017. This puts AstraZeneca on a forecast P/E of 15, with a prospective dividend yield of 4.8%. For investors with a patient outlook and confidence in the group's plans, this could be a decent entry point.
My concern is that for the stock to look cheap, I have to take a significant leap of faith in the company's ability to transform its portfolio. I'm not really comfortable with this, so I'm staying away for now.
NEW DELHI/LUCKNOW: The faction war in the ruling Samajwadi Party (SP) of Uttar Pradesh Monday reached the Election Commission (EC) with Mulayam Singh Yadav staking claim over the ‘cycle' symbol, a day after he was deposed from the post of president by the group headed by his son Akhilesh Yadav.
At the same time, Mulayam cancelled the January 5 party convention called by him, apparently on fears that there could be a low turnout compared to the convention held by his son in Lucknow on Sunday.
The faction headed by Akhilesh, the Chief Minister, will also approach the EC on Tuesday to assert their right over the symbol, which is crucial for the upcoming assembly elections. Ram Gopal Yadav is likely to represent the faction.
Election Commission sources said it is unlikely to intervene till it hears both the sides.
Mulayam reached Nirvachan Sadan here Monday evening along with his brother Shivpal Yadav, his close confidante Amar Singh and former MP Jaya Prada to put forth his stand on the feud, which has virtually split the party he had founded 25 years ago.
“I am still the president of Samajwadi Party and the decision of the rival camp to appoint Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav as the party chief is against party's constitution,” Mulayam told the full Election Commission. Claiming to have the backing of the SP Parliamentary Board, he said the party symbol ‘cycle' belongs to him as he is the party president, sources said.
Mulayam told the Commission that Ram Gopal Yadav, who had moved a resolution at emergency convention of SP in Lucknow on Friday last anointing Akhilesh as party president, had been expelled from the party and was not authorised to take any decision regarding SP, the sources said.
Mulayam said the convention of the rival camp, which passed a resolution to anoint Akhilesh as the new party chief, passed no resolution removing him (Mulayam) from the post. He said as per the SP's constitution, such a decision needs the backing of the Parliamentary Board, which was absent.
Sources in the Commission said it will follow Paragraph 15 of the Election Symbols (Reservation and Allotment) Order, 1968 to proceed on the dispute. It gives power to the Commission “in relation to splinter groups or rival sections of a recognised political party.”
“Both the sides will have to stake claim over the symbol otherwise how would EC know that there is a dispute…We don't go by media reports,” said an EC official. The Commission could ask both sides to pick a new party name and symbol in the interim if the existing symbol ‘cycle' is frozen.
Toronto Police are back at a Leaside home in their investigation of alleged serial killer Bruce McArthur.
Police previously found the remains of seven men in planters on the property where 66-year-old McArthur did landscape work and stored equipment. McArthur is accused of killing eight men.
On Wednesday, officials said police dog services “revisited the property on Mallory Crescent and provided indication that requires further excavation.”
Police also said that a search between May and June of 100 other properties related to McArthur's business turned up nothing.
McArthur is charged with eight counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of Skandaraj Navaratnam, Selim Esen, Andrew Kinsman, Majeed Kayhan, Dean Lisowick, Soroush Mahmudi, Abdulbasir Faizi and Kirushna Kanagaratnam. Kayhan's remains have yet to be identified.
A months-long search of McArthur's apartment on Thorncliffe Rd. yielded more than 1,800 exhibits and 18,000 photos of the unit and its contents, police have said.
0 Fort Pitt Museum documents Pittsburgh's origins
Pittsburgh's settlement history dates back to the early 1700s, when fur trappers and traders first started building outposts along the riverbanks.
However, the strategic value of the land at the confluence of three rivers, the primary method of commercial transport at the time, soon drew soldiers to the area, and the area became the focal point of several wars and conflicts.
Nowhere is this history more alive than at the Fort Pitt Museum.
Located in Point State Park, the museum encapsulates the military origins of Pittsburgh, beginning with the aborted British attempt at building Fort Prince George on what is now the park site. The capture of the uncompleted fort by the French sparked the French and Indian War.
The French then built Fort Duquesne at the site, which last several years until the French destroyed it ahead of a British advance. The British then built Fort Pitt, named after British Secretary of State William Pitt the Elder, giving Pittsburgh its name.
The Fort Pitt Museum focuses on that era of the confluence, documenting a foundational episode of the city's history with artifacts, displays, tours and interactive activities.
The museum also periodically hosts reenactments of daily life from the 18th century as well as military maneuvers, and even fires a recreated six-pound cannon.
The museum was built and operated by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission in 1969, but was taken over by the Senator John Heinz History Center after a state budget crisis in 2009.
Although not under the museum's care, perhaps the most fascinating remnant of Fort Pitt sits right outside its doors. Known as the Blockhouse, the structure dates back to 1764, when it was built as a redoubt for Fort Pitt, making it the oldest standalone building in Western Pennsylvania.
The Blockhouse, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is owned and operated by the Daughters of the American Revolution.
Fort Pitt Museum
601 Commonwealth Pl.
412-281-9284
Open 10 a.m.-5 p.m. daily except for some holidays.
Admission: $8 for adults, $7 for seniors, $4.50 for children 6-17 years old, children 5 and under are free.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Bhubaneswar: Chief Justice of the state High Court Justice Vineet Saran has released a book on collection of selected speeches of Governor SC Jamir at Raj Bhavan today in the presence of a distinguished gathering of intellectuals, writers, academicians and eminent personalities from art, literature and culture, at Raj Bhavan here on Sunday.
The book containing selected important speeches of the Governor has been segregated into ten sections, namely, contours of higher education, national and international themes, religion and philosophy, literature and culture, ecology and tribal development, youth, children and women issues, development of public administration, health and research, role of media and finally great statesmen. The speeches reflecting the Governor's deep understanding and appreciation of the subjects and his vision of where he wants to see Odisha and India has been published by Raj Bhavan, Bhubaneswar.
Addressing the occasion, Saran appreciating the character, attitude, devotion and commitment,vast knowledge and long experience of serving in many distinguished positions of Jamir, said that the book would get appreciation of readers and ignite young and thinking minds with his dream and his message.
Among others, First Lady of the state Alemla Jamir and Principal Secretary to Governor CJ Venugopal were also present.
The United States, Mexico and three Central American nations will this week unveil plans to work with billionaire Carlos Slim's charity to tackle crime in Central America and find new ways of slowing migration, according to a draft document.
MEXICO CITY: The United States, Mexico and three Central American nations will this week unveil plans to work with billionaire Carlos Slim's charity to tackle crime in Central America and find new ways of slowing migration, according to a draft document.
Top U.S., Mexican and Central American officials meet in Miami on Thursday and Friday to discuss how to cut migration and improve conditions in Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, a cluster of poor, violent countries known as the Northern Triangle that most U.S.-bound migrants set out from.
The document, seen in Mexico, contains an agenda for the two-day meeting in Miami and lists several specific objectives it refers to as "deliverables." It is a draft document, and could be subject to change.
U.S. officials hope Mexico will step up efforts in Central America, especially since President Donald Trump's proposed budget contains deep cuts in U.S. aid to the area.
Trump took office vowing to slash illegal immigration to the United States. He has created tensions with Mexico's government with accusations that the country is sending criminals north and a pledge to build a wall along the U.S. southern border.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Miami summit was the brainchild of U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary John Kelly, who will be joined by Vice President Mike Pence.
Trump will be in Miami beginning Friday, although not at the same meeting. Instead, he is expected to address future U.S.-Cuba policy.
According to a draft document between the United States and Mexico after consultation with Northern Triangle countries, the first day of the meeting will focus on "prosperity", and the second on security.
On the second day, the document mentions a memorandum of understanding between USAID and the Carlos Slim Foundation to "focus on training to support the professionalization of crime and violence prevention units throughout Central America and enhance economic opportunities for at-risk youth."
Consulted on the matter, the charitable arm of Mexican tycoon Slim said it was in talks with USAID, but gave no further details.
Slim, one of the world's richest men, is one of the main telecoms providers in Central America, with business interests across various industries throughout the region.
Kelly, who previously ran U.S. Southern Command, helped former President Barack Obama design his Alliance for Prosperity, a US$750 million initiative that sought to curtail migration with development and gang-fighting projects.
Reuters has reported Kelly aims to retool the Obama-era alliance without a large increase in U.S. funding, by pressing Mexico to take more responsibility for governance and security in Central America, and with more private capital.
Trump's 2018 budget proposal envisages slashing U.S. aid to Guatemala by almost 40 percent from 2016, while cutting aid for Honduras and El Salvador nearly a third.
Kelly's DHS referred all questions on the document to the State Department, which did not immediately reply to requests for comment. Neither did Mexico's foreign ministry.
The foreign ministries of Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The meeting envisages a commitment to develop a regional migration observatory to slow the flow of Central Americans heading north to the United States.
"Tracking and collection of data around migratory flows originating from Northern Triangle countries is critical to better develop and direct policy to mitigate illegal migration," the document says.
The meeting will include efforts to deepen coordination and professionalize regional crime-fighting and law enforcement, while Washington would reaffirm its support for a free press and independent graft-tackling bodies like Guatemala's CICIG.
The United States expects Northern Triangle nations to show "a will to pursue cases that reach political and economic elites," said the document.
The "prosperity day" aims to come up with strategies to cut red tape, boost tax revenues in Central America and improve a regional power network, allowing Mexico to sell more electricity to the energy-poor region.
Still, a senior Mexico official, speaking on condition of anonymity, feared the Miami meeting would yield few concrete results other than "good intentions."
(Reporting by Gabriel Stargardter; Additional reporting by Mica Rosenberg, Nelson Renteria, Sofia Menchu and Gustavo Palencia; Editing by Dave Graham and David Gregorio)
Liberian President George Weah on Wednesday decided to reduce import taxes on more than 2,000 commodities to combat rising inflation.
A statement from the Ministry of Information said, the decision will see the reduction of taxes on a large number of goods imported onto the Liberian market.
George Weah has thus asked his tax administration to submit his proposals “within 72 hours”.
The President has instructed the Ministry of Trade and Industry to urgently implement a consistent and proportionate reduction in the prices of the products concerned in order to bring relief to the poor.”
According to the statement, customs taxes will therefore fall from 81 to 40 % on more than 2,000 products widely consumed by Liberians.
Weah was elected in late December, 2017 on a “pro-poor” program.
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain says it is ready to move to the next phase of Brexit talks and set out details of the future relationship it wants with the European Union.
Opening rounds of talks with Brussels have made little headway, with EU negotiators demanding greater clarity from the British delegation. The EU has warned that an already-tight timetable could be delayed ahead of a scheduled March 2019 exit.
Britain is keen to start talking about its post-Brexit relationship with Europe, wary of the need to reassure anxious businesses, citizens and investors. But, Brussels has insisted that progress must be made on divorce arrangements first.
"We've been crystal clear that issues around our withdrawal and our future partnership are inextricably linked, and the negotiations so far have reinforced that view," a source in Britain's Brexit department said.
Britain said it was preparing to publish several papers, including plans for a new customs arrangement and a proposal on how to resolve the difficulties of a non-physical border between Ireland and Northern Ireland.
"These papers show we are ready to broaden out the negotiations," the source said.
The next round of talks is due at the end of the month, with both sides looking for progress towards a solution to three of Brexit's thorniest problems: how much Britain should pay to leave, what rights British and EU citizens will have, and how to manage a land border to the bloc in Ireland.
The decision to announce the publications indicates Britain's desire to counter criticism from Brussels about its approach to the talks.
In July, EU officials said progress was difficult not because Britain had unacceptable demands, but because it had no position at all on many issues. [nL5N1KI4UC]
A British paper focused on "issues unique to Northern Ireland and Ireland" is expected ahead of the talks, but no further details of the proposal were provided on Sunday.
Separate papers would also address "Continuity in the availability of goods for the EU and the UK" and "Confidentiality and access to official documents", the Brexit department said.
Eager to push talks past the opening divorce issues and on to the future trading and legal ties to the bloc, Britain also promised a series of "Future Partnership" papers in the run-up to October's European Council.
The first will be a proposal for new customs arrangements.
The nominations for the 2018 Golden Globes are being revealed this morning in Los Angeles, with Alfre Woodard, Garrett Hedlund, Kristen Bell and Sharon Stone sharing the announcement duties.
The Golden Globe Awards are scheduled to air live on NBC from the Beverly Hilton Hotel on Sunday, Jan. 7 at 5 p.m. Seth Meyers will host.
The complete list of winners and nominees:
FULL COVERAGE: 2018 Golden Globe nominations »
Actor in a limited series or motion picture made for television
Robert De Niro, “The Wizard of Lies"
Jude Law, “The Young Pope"
Kyle MacLachlan, “Twin Peaks"
Ewan McGregor, “Fargo"
Geoffrey Rush, “Genius"
Television limited series or motion picture made for television
“Big Little Lies"
“Fargo"
“Feud”
”The Sinner”
“Top of the Lake: China Girl”
Television series, musical or comedy
“Black-ish"
“Master of None"
“Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”
“Smilf”
“Will & Grace"
Supporting actress in a series, limited series or motion picture made for television
Laura Dern, “Big Little Lies"
Ann Dowd, “Handmaid's Tale”
Chrissy Metz, “This Is Us"
Michelle Pfeiffer, “Wizard of Lies"
Shailene Woodley, “Big Little Lies”
Supporting actor in a series, limited series or motion picture made for television
David Harbour, “Stranger Things"
Alfred Molina, “Feud: Bette vs. Joan"
Christian Slater, “Mr. Robot”
Alexander Skarsgard, “Big Little Lies"
David Thewlis, “Fargo”
Actress in a television series, musical or comedy
Pamela Adlon, “Better Things"
Alison Brie, “Glow”
Rachel Brosnahan, “Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”
Issa Rae, “Insecure"
Frankie Saw, “Smilf”
Actor in a television series, musical or comedy
Anthony Anderson, “Black-ish"
Aziz Ansari, “Master of None"
Kvin Backo, “Dick”Macy, ”Shameless”
Eric McCormack, “Will & Grace "
Actress in a limited series or motion picture made for television
Jessica Biel, “The Sinner"
Nicole Kidman, “Big Little Lies"
Jessica Lange, “Feud: Bette vs. Joan"
Susan Sarandon, “Feud: Bette vs. Joan"
Reese Witherspoon, “Big Little Lies"
MORE: Original film songs stir up a wide variety of emotions »
Film
Original score, motion picture
“Three Billboards Outside of Ebbing, Mo.”
“Dunkirk”
“The Post”
“Phantom Thread”
Motion picture, foreign language
“A Fantastic Woman"
“First They Killed My Father"
"In the Fade"
“Loveless"
“The Square"
Motion picture, animated
“The Breadwinner”
"Boss Baby"
“Coco"
“Ferdinand"
“Loving Vincent"
Screenplay, motion picture
“The Shape of Water”
“Lady Bird"
“Molly's Game”
“The Post"
“Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri"
After a Toronto police officer peacefully brought in the suspect in Monday's deadly van attack, CKWS wanted to find out more about how officers are trained to deal with potentially deadly situations. Bill Hutchins sat down with Sgt. Stephen Carter, who is the head of the Kingston Police training unit.
READ MORE: Toronto van attack suspect charged with 10 counts of 1st-degree murder, 13 of attempted murder
Carter explained that Kingston Police are specifically taught how to de-escalate extremely stressful situations. He said the way Const. Ken Lam disarmed and arrested the suspect, Alek Minassian, who allegedly mowed down dozens of people in North York on April 23, was a textbook example of how an officer should be dealing with high-stress situations.
“We've been using [de-escalation techniques] for decades in Kingston,” said Carter. He believes that Kingston is ahead of the curve when it comes to de-escalation because of the precinct's dedication to training its officers.
WATCH: Gallery of video relating to the police officer who took down the Toronto van attack suspect
One specific technique Carter singled out was their partnership with Queen's University drama students. These students act out crisis situations and officers are able to practice their reactions to potentially dangerous events.
“We build a very wide range of scenarios,” said Carter. “It really helps.”
The officers training in these dramatizations are also equipped with heart monitors. Carter says that often in high-stress situations, cognitive critical thinking goes out the window and is replaced by adrenaline-fueled reactions.
READ MORE: These are the victims of the Toronto van attack
“We're trying to de-escalate ourselves so we have a chance to end these situations peacefully,” Carter said. He added that if they cannot plan for every situation, they try to control police reaction.
“If we can control the human body we can control that process better.”
Candis Lucky Numbers and Candis Hidden Gems July 2017
Don't miss out on a surprise windfall – check now to see if you've won with Candis Member Draws!
Loyal members can now win up to £5,000 in our new Candis Hidden Gems draw. If you've been a Candis subscriber for over 12 months you will be awarded an extra number for each additional year of your membership up to five in total. Scroll down to find out more and check if you're a winner!
Candis Lucky Numbers
If your number is below claim your prize by calling 0844 545 8190.
Each number here wins a top prize of £2,500
04173738
04293032
20266578
Each number here wins £25
01022376
01031767
01042951
01054364
01056478
01102565
01117174
01122563
01133558
01155365
01172654
01222575
01465571
01525662
02034983
02040517
02044950
02053241
02054468
02061950
02091657
02094471
02104980
02112252
02154581
02183646
02202168
02205963
02213551
02223547
02242639
02286981
02294382
02507680
02545960
02757778
03053357
03062667
03091060
03163142
03164162
03193040
03266071
03285782
03304651
03317174
03325677
03364546
03434655
03445357
03667274
04053469
04057380
04101381
04103840
04106869
04113883
04152628
04162461
04165161
04202840
04222879
04252752
04253258
04303376
04343950
04375068
04396883
04405466
04414971
04436163
04526271
04545576
05061170
05067683
05074074
05075577
05081963
05112357
05134781
05142170
05172752
05173363
05174364
05182537
05182562
05185661
05192878
05212876
05222876
05256873
05425467
05556667
06082237
06112140
06114773
06132260
06214961
06234145
06253942
06283161
06293664
06315282
06385559
06435263
06525571
06525681
07083674
07152852
07215368
07256478
07283660
07323336
07435882
07456282
08151648
08175877
08202235
08236466
08254361
08335155
08344052
08355455
09102057
09115260
09123080
09171832
09277483
09314151
10146480
10162662
10164661
10172326
10174149
10182077
10183665
10184083
10206170
10213879
10243378
10373947
10374458
11144755
11152249
11182562
11185463
11205559
11213866
11263241
11293373
11414653
12193682
12344251
12526270
13305077
13314583
13354379
14304559
14384851
14395559
14737780
15165178
15254048
15262742
16184563
16324151
16355557
16506773
16507481
17202952
17234781
17243252
17244549
17405083
18204565
18223472
18225681
18254045
18264558
18264749
18293945
18296970
18324463
18394041
18567180
19235568
19294059
19363960
19464978
19485556
19486171
19486182
20275053
20337180
20667380
21254757
21295060
21303152
21415968
22242731
22243383
22265376
22374378
23273141
23434962
23596272
24303479
24434879
24446076
24466970
24515362
25303648
25343863
25374879
25547173
26467579
26486366
27425461
27576582
28415275
29323581
29354060
30354044
30395380
30414982
30497683
31333658
31365058
31385967
34385272
35454766
35576680
37485564
37516669
37546975
37566372
38446970
38565768
38627076
39486567
40425156
46556268
48537173
48606769
50525976
54717782
54737476
55586470
59657080
67687383
Candis Hidden Gems
Loyal members can now win up to £5,000 in our brand-new Candis Hidden Gems draw!
Are you a winner? If your number is below claim your prize by calling 0844 545 8190
This month's Candis Hidden Gem number and the winner of £5000 is:
EM09293143
If you've been a Candis subscriber for over 12 months you will be awarded an extra number for each additional year of your membership up to five in total. These will be your original number, plus up to four more with the additional hidden gem letters added that indicate the length of your membership:
TOPAZ = TP
RUBY = RB
SAPPHIRE = SP
EMERALD = EM
Need more information? Read our FAQs at the bottom of this page!
Each number below WINS £50:
TP01021930
TP01195869
TP01202657
TP01205874
TP01324567
TP01404378
TP02107682
TP02111352
TP02234370
TP03070962
TP03264550
TP03276383
TP03397583
TP05071668
TP05104177
TP05163642
TP07244878
TP08111238
TP10121848
TP12186063
TP13237378
TP13565772
TP14152839
TP14203340
TP14203658
TP15467882
TP18235356
TP22324578
TP23415967
TP24284476
TP25263777
TP27395255
TP38445355
TP38768183
TP54555769
RB01184772
RB01192744
RB02062026
RB02186578
RB02262840
RB02376877
RB04164353
RB04255081
RB04386578
RB05243276
RB06163964
RB07495357
RB09131951
RB10304261
RB11374464
RB12154244
RB17475874
RB19355477
RB20505873
RB21546682
RB23263275
RB28525569
RB28676870
RB37597778
RB39425056
RB39456583
SP01051669
SP01112672
SP01193649
SP01284763
SP02265657
SP02597383
SP03055360
SP03123346
SP03174763
SP03183950
SP03436367
SP04184964
SP04347477
SP04394967
SP05162526
SP06071939
SP06121566
SP06323461
SP06486083
SP07324554
SP07445265
SP08264978
SP08324445
SP12224962
SP13154166
SP13334051
SP14355661
SP15175766
SP16626681
SP18255774
SP18557481
SP19215281
SP19293460
SP19576975
SP22246983
SP24567276
SP25335162
SP27364277
SP30315664
SP30666873
SP44546083
SP47647580
SP55585976
SP57607482
SP65707576
EM01065370
EM01091837
EM01294661
EM01437173
EM01557382
EM02071733
EM02084951
EM02101117
EM02173337
EM02175057
EM03051619
EM03064374
EM03256370
EM04072979
EM04161952
EM04162836
EM04182175
EM04195562
EM04202549
EM05071031
EM06085860
EM06182227
EM06447682
EM06537683
EM08112154
EM09101641
EM11293065
EM11364253
EM12384959
EM12417980
EM13172941
EM13334053
EM13334565
EM18217576
EM18374358
EM19575860
EM20224662
EM20364551
EM24335882
EM32405481
EM33396474
EM37447276
EM39505876
EM42456182
Candis Hidden Gems FAQs
I can't remember my membership number
We can help! Call our Customer Relations Team on 0800 814 5400.
Where do I get my extra Candis Hidden Gems numbers?
Don't worry, we will allocate these numbers automatically as your membership is renewed. Your number will be entered in the next available monthly draw.
How do I know what my Candis Hidden Gems numbers are?
In the first year of your membership you have your Candis Lucky Number, which is the same as your membership number.
In the second year of your membership you will have a Topaz Hidden Gems number, which is your membership number with the TP prefix.
In your third year your Ruby number has the RB prefix.
In your fourth year your Sapphire number will be your membership number with the SP prefix.
In the fifth year your Emerald number will be your membership number with the EM prefix
I've already been a member for five years, will I get all the extra numbers in one go?
Yes! Your extra numbers will be included from the very first Candis Hidden Gems loyalty draw.
I've been a member for over five years, why can't I have more extra numbers?
As a brand-new feature for members we think the extra four numbers allowed in the Candis Hidden Gems loyalty draw is both an exciting addition and a fair way of rewarding our loyal subscribers without making the numbers system too complicated.
Why do I have to use the Claim Line if I am a winner?
This is so we can verify your claim in order to send you your prize. You can choose to email your [email protected] The Candis Club member draw rules state… Any claim made, either by letter, email or on the Claim Line, must include the entrant's full name and address and either their winning Candis Lucky Numbers and/or their Candis Hidden Gems number/s. Should these details not correspond with the records held by the Club, then the claim will not be paid.
Help, none of these questions answers my query!
Don't worry. There are three ways we can help.
1. You can use Live Chat by clicking here to ask your question
2. You [email protected]
3. You can call our friendly Customer Relations Team on 0800 814 5400
- Advertisement -
Raba's dismissal was the turning point in Barcelona's 2-0 win at Villarreal on Sunday, Luis Suarez has admitted as the La Liga leaders maintained their grip on the league table.
Barça restored their five-point lead at the top of LaLiga with victory at the Estadio de la Ceramica, Suarez and Lionel Messi with the goals.
However, they were made to work hard for the three points with the game with the game finely poised until Raba was sent off on the hour after a dangerous lung at Sergio Busquets.
“We knew the pressure we had, because our rivals had won and that forced us to put in a good game and add three more points,” he said, as quoted by Mundo Deportivo.
- Advertisement -
“In the first half, we struggled to create clear chances, also Villarreal played well. After the break, we managed to improve.
“Villarreal are always a very difficult opponent here at home, and it is true that the first half was very even but, after the sending-off, we were able to create more chances.”
Although Suarez credited Villarreal's solid display but also thought Barça were well worth the win after lifting their game in the second half.
The introduction of Paco Alcacer helped turn the tide further in Barça's favour and the striker set up Suarez's strike within 15 minutes of coming on.
The Uruguay star added of his fellow attacker: “The introduction of Paco went very well, it was once again demonstrated how important Alcacer is for the team.”
WASHINGTON: U.S. Marine Corps General and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Joseph Dunford will meet with the head of the Russian army's General Staff Valery Gerasimov on Thursday in Azerbaijan, Dunford's office said in a statement on Wednesday.
"The military leaders will discuss a variety of issues including the current state of U.S.-Russian military relations and the importance of consistent and clear military-to-military communication to prevent miscalculation and potential crises," the Office of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Writing by Susan Heavey)
MANILA: The Philippine police have received cash payments for executing drug suspects, planted evidence at crime scenes and carried out most of the killings they have long blamed on vigilantes, said two senior officers who are critical of President Rodrigo Duterte's "war on drugs."
In the most detailed insider accounts yet of the drug war's secret mechanics, the two senior officials challenged the government's explanations of the killings in interviews with Reuters.
Almost 9,000 people, many small-time users and dealers, have been killed since Duterte took office on June 30. Police say about a third of the victims were shot by officers in self-defence during legitimate anti-drug operations. Human rights monitors believe many of the remaining two thirds were killed by paid assassins operating with police backing or by police disguised as vigilantes - a charge the police deny.
The two senior officers, one a retired police intelligence officer and the other an active-duty commander, claimed the killings are in fact orchestrated by the police, including most of those carried out by vigilantes. They spoke with Reuters on the condition of anonymity.
"It is the Philippine National Police doing it," said the retired intelligence officer. "This killing machine must be buried six feet under the ground." He said he was angry about the impact of the killings on police discipline and wanted "to put Duterte on the defensive." Reuters was unable to independently verify if the police are behind vigilante killings.
The president's office and the Philippine police did not respond to questions from Reuters.
'ONLY THE POOR ARE DYING'
The intelligence officer has authored an unpublished 26-page report on the conduct of the drug war in an effort to organise opposition to Duterte's campaign. The report, titled "The State-Sponsored Extrajudicial Killings in the Philippines," provides granular detail on the campaign's alleged methods, masterminds and perpetrators. The document has been shared with leaders of the Catholic Church in the Philippines and with the government-funded Commission on Human Rights.
Some of the report's accusations against individuals could not be confirmed by Reuters; the news agency is therefore not publishing the full document. Many of its findings, however, support and expand upon previous investigations of the drug war by Reuters and independent human rights monitors.
The report claims that police are paid to kill not just drug suspects, but also - for 10,000 pesos (US$200) a head - rapists, pickpockets, swindlers, gang members, alcoholics and other "troublemakers."
It also claims that civilian members of the so-called Davao Death Squad, which rights activists allege killed hundreds of people in Duterte's hometown of Davao, were drafted to "augment and assist" the police's current nationwide anti-drug operation.
The report doesn't provide documentary evidence for its accusations, which the intelligence officer said were based on accounts from 17 serving or former policemen, including the commander Reuters interviewed. The police commander said he agreed to talk because he was upset that authorities are targeting only petty drug suspects. "Why aren't they killing the suppliers?" he asked. "Only the poor are dying."
The second half of the report is largely political in nature, asserting that Duterte has close ties to Communist forces in the Philippines. Many in the military and police are concerned by what they see as Duterte's leftist sympathies. Since taking office, the president has released Communist rebels from prison to restart peace talks.
The report also calls the drug war a "social cleansing" campaign similar to that launched in Mao Zedong's China, with Duterte aiming to have drug addicts "physically eliminated."
NEW LEADS
The Commission on Human Rights has reviewed the report and the accounts could open up new leads in ongoing investigations, said chairman Chito Gascon. Church officials confirmed receiving the report as well.
"We should do all we can to follow any lead that could ultimately shed light on these killings with the view to ultimately holding the perpetrators to account," said Gascon.
The fresh claims come amid growing criticism of the drug war. In February, the country's influential Catholic Church called it a "reign of terror." The campaign has also sparked street protests and lawsuits.
Duterte's police chief, Ronald Dela Rosa, halted police operations for most of February after it emerged that an anti-drug unit had kidnapped and murdered a South Korean businessman last year. The killings continued but at a slower pace. On March 6, Dela Rosa announced that the police were resuming their drug operations.
In March, a former policeman, Arturo Lascanas, testified in the Philippine Senate about his role in vigilante-style killings in the southern city of Davao, where Duterte was once mayor. Lascanas was the second Senate witness to link Duterte to the Davao Death Squad. Duterte denies ordering any killings, either as president or mayor.
In a subsequent interview, Lascanas told Reuters that for over a decade he was paid for carrying out the liquidation of drug suspects and criminals. In the early 1990s, he said, he was paid 3,000 to 5,000 pesos (US$60-US$100) for each of the "jobs" he performed. By the early 2000s he was earning tens of thousands of pesos for each operation, he said. Lascanas said he had no documentary proof of the payments. He has since left the country.
UNPLUGGING CAMERAS
In the past nine months, police acknowledge having shot dead more than 2,600 suspects during their operations. They say such shootings occur after suspects open fire on undercover officers trying to catch them dealing drugs.
But these so-called "buy-busts" are actually well-planned executions, said the commander interviewed by Reuters. The commander said targets are chosen from lists of suspects drawn up by police and local officials, who later coordinate to unplug security cameras in the neighbourhood where a killing is planned. According to the report, street lamps are also switched off.
"There is no such thing as a legitimate buy-bust," the commander said. "The dealers know the cops and won't sell to them."
Instead, he said, a team of police operatives will execute the target, who is almost always unarmed, then plant guns and drugs at the crime scene to justify the use of deadly force.
"We have to plant evidence for the legality of the operation," the commander said. "We are ordered to do these operations, so we have to protect ourselves."
The commander said officers put the gun in the dead suspect's hand and pull the trigger with the victim's finger so forensic testing will show that the suspect fired a gun.
Late last year, he said, police crime-scene investigators told their fellow officers to place the guns at a slight distance from the suspects, rather than in their hands, to make things look more realistic.
Most drug suspects in his precinct are shot by rookie cops who are either eager for the experience or nominated by their superiors, the commander said. The superiors refer to this as a "baptism by fire."
Each member of the team is quickly paid according to two factors, said the commander: his role in the killing and the target's value.
CASH REWARDS
According to the report, the cash "reward scales" for drug killings range from 20,000 pesos (US$400) for a "street level pusher and user," to 50,000 pesos for a member of a neighbourhood council, one million pesos for "distributors, retailers and wholesalers," and five million for "drug lords."
Police officers kill for money, said the commander, but also out of fear: Even the police are afraid of being included on a "watch list" of drug suspects drawn up by police and local officials.
Officials have been killed for not cooperating, he added. He said he was aware of two cases but did not provide details on exactly what happened.
Reuters reported last year that the watch lists were effectively hit lists, with many of those named ending up dead. Another Reuters investigation showed that police officers were killing 97 percent of the suspects they confront in violent buy-bust operations, the strongest evidence yet that the police were summarily executing suspects.
Officers also cooperate because they know the police force's flawed disciplinary system, which fails to adequately investigate even a fraction of the killings, means there is little chance they will get caught, said the intelligence officer.
One sign of the drug war's success, says the government, is that more than a million users and pushers have voluntarily registered with the police, a process known as "surrendering."
But the commander said police are given a quota of "surrenderers," and fill it by using city ordinances to arrest men who are drunk or shirtless - a misdemeanour known as "half-naked" - then forcing them to register as drug suspects.
Reuters learned of the intelligence officer's 26-page report from him and interviewed two Catholic priests in Manila who said they had encouraged him to compile it. One of the priests said he edited the report; the other said he helped distribute it among a small group of clerics and human rights activists. Both are helping organise opposition to Duterte's drug campaign.
The Church's initial reluctance to criticize Duterte's drug war was prompted by a desire to "give him a chance" when he took office, said one of the priests. But the killings, along with the president's overtures to Communists, made many in the Church feel their values were under attack, he said.
The intelligence officer said he hoped the report would be used as evidence at the International Criminal Court. In October, the Hague-based tribunal said it could prosecute suspects if the killings were "committed as part of a widespread or systematic attack against a civilian population."
(Additional reporting by Neil Jerome Morales in Manila. Edited by Peter Hirschberg and Andrew R.C. Marshall.)
SINGAPORE: A taxi crashed into a power supply box at the junction of Hoy Fatt Road and Rumah Jalan Tinggi in Bukit Merah on Monday (Dec 11) morning.
The police said they were alerted to the accident at 10.15am.
Channel NewsAsia understands that the taxi had crashed into a parking gantry before knocking down the power supply box.
The driver, a man in his 50s, suffered minor injuries but did not want to be taken to hospital.
Nobody was injured in the accident which involved a taxi crashing into a parking gantry and power supply box. (Photo: Gary Haris)
A passerby, Mr Gary Haris, said he was driving from Hoy Fatt Road towards Jalan Rumah Tinggi when he saw the aftermath of the accident at around 1pm.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The incident happened at the junction of Hoy Fatt Road and Jalan Rumah Tinggi (Photo: Gary Haris)
The incident happened at the junction of Hoy Fatt Road and Jalan Rumah Tinggi. (Photo: Gary Haris)
He said that the road was closed by traffic police while the taxi, a yellow CityCab, was being towed away.
Police investigations are ongoing.
Authorities in Muskogee ended an extensive warrant sweep targeting suspects of domestic violence.
Law enforcement agencies in Muskogee picked up 32 people throughout the past several months during their second sweep of Operation Purple Rain.
So far, they've apprehended nearly 75 people in the entire operation, but for this sweep, 15 of the 32 were arrested for domestic violence, three were arrested for sexual assault and 14 others were arrested in other felony complaints.
Several Muskogee agencies worked together to make it happen, including the U.S. Marshals Service.
The Muskogee Police Department sees over 50,000 calls to their police department every year and they say over half of those calls stem from some sort of domestic violence.
Officials hope they can continue to keep offenders off the streets and provide justice to the victims.
“They need to know that there's someone on their side. That they don't have to worry about someone coming home and being intoxicated and under the influence of drugs and starting a fight and abusing,” Muskogee County District Attorney Orvil Loge said.
Loge said they don't believe this is the last sweep they will do regarding this operation.
The prospect of cooties didn't bother me in Kindergarten when I pinned down my crush at recess and laid one on him (though I was a little disappointed when he cried and stormed off towards the water fountain). Fortunately, my kissing abilities and understanding of consent have both improved since then, and it turns that even if cooties are real, they might actually good for your health. Seriously: Making out has some very real, science-backed benefits that you can read about, below.
1. Kissing is good for your teeth—as long as you're both fairly hygienic
According to New York-based cosmetic dentist Sivan Finkel, kissing leads to increased saliva production, which helps our teeth rid themselves of harmful bacteria. “The extra saliva helps re-mineralize the teeth and protect them from acid attacks,” he said.
Even better, some experts say saliva's mineral ions can also promote repair of small lesions in tooth enamel—but again, oral hygiene is key. “Before you swap [spit], check their breath and if they pass the sniff test, then kiss away,” says Dr. Finkel.
2. Kissing can give your immune system a boost
More than 700 types of bacteria have been found in the human mouth, but no two people have the exact same makeup of oral germs, so exchanging saliva with someone can introduce your body to new “foreign” bacteria—which isn't a bad thing.
“Trillions of microorganisms live on or inside us and collectively they're known as the microbiome,” says Shilpa Ravella, gastroenterologist and Assistant Professor of Medicine at Columbia University Medical Center. Dr. Ravella points to a recent Dutch study that found that when we kiss for more than 10 seconds, around 80 million bacteria transfer between us and our partner, which can introduce new and sometimes helpful bacteria into our mouths. “Many studies have shown that having a variety of bacterial species correlates with good health. A diverse microbiome can help regulate the immune system and protect against harmful germs.”
We'll take that over a booster shot any day.
3. Kissing can lower anxiety
One of the primary health benefits of kissing, from a chemical standpoint, is its ability to release the hormone oxytocin, also known as the "love" hormone, according to Stephanie Hartselle, MD, Assistant Professor of Psychiatry at Brown University, who cites its ability to induce a sense of calm, relaxation, and bonding in humans. Since the hormone is released during foreplay, orgasm, and, yes, kissing “It has been shown to be as powerful as meditation and many anti-anxiety medications in producing a feeling of peace and contentment,” Dr. Hartselle says.
Research has also shown kissing to lower the chemical cortisol, which is associated with stress.
4. Kissing can help lessen allergic reactions
Bet you never knew making out can help ease itchy symptoms that come with nasal or skin allergies.
Stay with us on this one: In 2006, allergist Hajime Kimata studied 24 patients with two types of allergies: mild atopic eczema (a skin allergy) and mild allergic rhinitis (a nasal allergy). She studied them before and after kissing lovers or spouses for 30 minutes while listening to soft music.
"Usually, when you have an allergy, your body overreacts by producing IgE, an antibody to a specific allergen," says Srini Pillay, M.D, a Harvard psychiatrist. "But in these groups, after kissing, this antibody was decreased, thereby decreasing the allergic reaction and symptoms."
5. Kissing can help lower blood pressure
According to New York-based plastic surgeon Dr. Ryan Neinstein, our lips are made up of blood vessels, which get dilated during kissing. “The blood is then directed towards the face and away from the rest of the body," he says. "So the demand on the heart goes down resulting in lower blood pressure."
Also, remember that fact about cortisol? When cortisol levels are lower, so is your blood pressure. "The more you kiss, the more your heart races, and the more your blood flows ultimately reducing high blood pressure,” says Dr. Neinstein.
6. Kissing can help delay signs of aging
Another reason to kiss as much as possible: Its increased blood flow to the face can stimulate collagen production and contribute to anti-aging. "The higher blood flow increases the number of small blood vessels helping to nourish the machinery of the skin,” Dr. Neinstein says.
It also stimulates the production of collagen and elastin, which is the substance “that beautiful skin is made of.”
“In order to move your lips, your whole face has to get involved, which increases elasticity," he adds. "Have you seen face yoga, or facercises? There are yogis, estheticians and dermatologists training women to do exercises for their face to stimulate collagen and reduce the need for a face lift. Passionate kissing can lead to firming the face, especially the bottom half of the face.”
7. Kissing is kind of like a treadmill—for your face
While a “simple” kiss only burns a calorie or two, kissing with tongue uses all the muscles in your face and can burn up to 26 calories per minute.
“There are 43 muscles in your face and eight in your tongue,” says Dr. Hartselle.“Kissing increases the blood supply to those areas by dilation of the vessels, and it's possible that the muscle workout combined with the facial flushing is allowing your facial muscles to be healthier and revitalized with extended kissing sessions.”
8. It increases your sex drive
This one may seem obvious, but Dr. Rachel Abrams, a physician, integrative health expert, and author, points out that testosterone—the hormone responsible for sex drive in both women and men—is released into saliva during prolonged kissing.
“In a study, males were more likely than females to initiate open-mouth kissing and kissing with tongue contact, and male saliva contains measurable amounts of the sex hormone testosterone, which can affect libido,” says Dr. Abrams. “Testosterone is also an anti-depressant, and helps with mental focus.”
Jaipur, Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje today directed officials to make medical diaries of pensioners online in a month's time.
Addressing a gathering in Sumerpur of Pali district, Raje directed the officials to make the medical diaries of pensioners online so that their problems are resolved at nearest E-mitra kiosk.
The chief minister inaugurated seven development works in Sumerpur worth Rs 25 crore.
Raje also directed the BJP legislator from Sumerpur Assembly constituency to make efforts to develop sports facilities in the area in model schools and school of excellence to encourage sports enthusiasts.
She also directed the officials to submit a report in seven days on purchase of Isabgol and cumin seeds at Sumerpur Mandi to ensure that the farmers do not have to sell their produce in Gujarat.
Gator time: Record number apply to University of Florida
GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) The University of Florida says it got a record number of applications in the last few months.
UF officials announced Tuesday that nearly 35,000 prospective students asked to be admitted to the school in the summer or fall of 2017. That's a nearly 8 percent increase over last year.
The university said it had accepted more than 13,000 students – or about 38 percent of those who applied. Last year UF admitted 42.5 percent of those who applied.
Those who got into UF have until May 1 to tell the university whether they plan to become part of the “Gator Nation.”
UF President Kent Fuchs called this year's incoming class “among the most competitive ever.” The average grade point average of those admitted is 4.4 and the average score on the SAT exam was 1349.
CARSON, Calif. (AP) — Ryan Hollingshead had a goal and an assist, helping FC Dallas beat the Los Angeles Galaxy 3-2 on Wednesday night.
Dallas (6-1-5) is unbeaten in its last six games against Los Angeles (5-7-1).
FC Dallas scored two goals seven minutes apart in the first half. Mauro Díaz sent a pass along the top of the 18-yard box and Ryan Hollingshead curled it inside the post in the 33rd minute. It was Díaz's seventh assist of the year. In the 40th minute, Hollingshead passed it across goal to find Cristian Colman at the far post for a bouncing header.
Carlos Gruezo added a breakaway goal in the 66th for a 3-0 lead.
Los Angeles got on the board in the 69th when Zlatan Ibrahimovic rolled a shot inside the far post following a defensive turnover. He scored on a volley in stoppage time after FC Dallas was reduced to 10 men following Colman's red card.
Double eviction week in the Big Brother house is always tense. Fans and houseguests are permanently on edge as the battle for Head of Household, Power of Veto and the live eviction play out within a few nail-biting minutes. But nothing could prepare the BBCAN5 Odyssey for what was about to happen when the first double eviction shook up this season as Emily Hawkin and the season's veteran queenpin Neda Kalantar exited the house after a shocking major-alliance mutiny.
“I don't know how you're supposed to come to terms with losing out on your dream the second time,” Neda said in much better spirits than how fans last saw her when she exited the house in tears on Thursday night.
The evening's events escalated so quickly once her close ally Sindy Nguyen won the HoH competition and put Dillon Carman and Jackie McCurrach immediately on the block. But when Jackie saved herself with a veto win, Sindy was swayed by Ika Wong into backdooring Neda – even though they were all members of The Six alliance, who had been dominating the game all season.
The three faced off in a screaming match in the pantry before Neda was eventually evicted by a 7-1 vote.
“Sindy likes to make big moves for television. I think Sindy just took that opportunity to do it,” Neda explained, walking Postmedia Network through one of the most jaw-dropping evictions in the Canadian reality franchise's history.
“It was really tense. Me and Ika are really intense people already so for us to be going at each other, everyone's faces were like ‘What the heck is going on right now?' When I was named as the replacement nominee, I just kind of wanted to tell Sindy to stop her fake crying. That's all I wanted to say.”
But the 25-year-old entrepreneur stated that she knew Ika would turn on her eventually, as there were cracks in their alliance from the very beginning of the game.
“It really started early on. From Day 3, there was always something maybe every other day that happened with Ika where she was just an emotional person and very exhausting to work with. It was just a long time coming where the trust was getting chipped away.”
But Emily – who exited the Odyssey just prior to the drama – believes that it was the immunity advantage that Canada gifted Neda that really impacted how she played the game this season by contributing to how she treated people.
“That makes me so happy. Oh my god. That is fantastic. I love it,” Hawkin said when she found out it was Neda who left the house immediately after her.
“I think her whole game strategy would have been different if she didn't get that immunity. I think she started rubbing people the wrong way and was more entitled because she had that immunity and she knew nobody could touch her. But for Sindy to do that, it's kind of surprising. It's wicked-awesome but it just goes to show that nobody really trusts Neda 100%.”
Big Brother Canada airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Thursdays on Global.
Sunrisers Hyderabad produced a superb bowling performance to outwit Mumbai Indians by 31 runs in a tricky low-scoring encounter here on Tuesday to condemn the defending champions to their fifth loss in six games in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
On a day for bowlers, Mumbai bowled out Hyderabad for 118 in 18.4 overs but the hosts were then bundled out for 87 in 18.5 overs at the Wankhede. Hyderabad ended their two-match losing run and are third in the points table with eight points from six matches.
Hyderabad bowlers hunted in pack, with medium pacer Siddharth Kaul picking three wickets, while leg-spinner Rashid Khan and pacer Basil Thampi picking took two wickets each. Sandeep Sharma, Mohammed Nabi and Shakib Al Hasan picked a wicket each.
Earlier in the first innings, put in to bat, the Sunrisers failed to recover from the dreadful start, of being reduced to 46/4 inside the powerplay, with Shikhar Dhawan (5), Wriddhiman Saha (0), Manish Pandey (16) and Shakib Al Hasan (2) all back in the hut inside the first six overs.
Skipper Kane Williamson waged a lone battle with a fighting 21-ball 29, laced with five hits to the fence before veteran Baroda batsman Yusuf Pathan (29 off 33 balls; 4×2, 6×1) took on the mantle, despite losing his partners at regular intervals.
Dhawan, who returned to the playing XI after missing the previous game against Chennai Super Kings (CSK), looked uncomfortable after being hit on his thigh and was bowled by Mitchell McClenaghan the very next ball.
One ball later, Saha perished for nought after being caught behind by Ishan Kishan off McClenaghan.
With the team struggling at 20/2, Manish joined Williamson for a brief 24-run third wicket stand before Hardik ended Manish's stay with a wide delivery, comfortably caught by skipper Rohit Sharma at cover.
Mumbai could not have asked for a better start, with Bangladesh all-rounder Shakib falling prey to confusion, and Suryakumar Yadav's direct throw at the stumps was enough to reduce the visitors to 46/4.
Pathan then joined Williamson, who looked fluent with his strokes but lost concentration on the very first ball after the strategic time-out to be caught behind by Kishan off Hardik Pandya.
With Williamson back in the dug-out, Mohammed Nabi (14) joined Pathan for a brief 23-run sixth-wicket stand before leg-spinner Mayank Markande's googly clipped the top of middle and leg of the Afghanistan all-rounder.
Pacer Jasprit Bumrah then came back to jolt the visitors with the wicket of the other Afghan Rashid Khan (6) caught behind before Markande knocked off the off-stump of Basil Thampi (3) to reduce the Sunrisers to 106/8.
Sunrisers fell prey to yet another confusion in the middle, this time losing the wicket of tail ender Siddharth Kaul (2), comfortably run out by Hardik.
With Sandeep Sharma (0 not out) in company, Pathan's ploy of playing the waiting game only resulted in a monstrous six off Mustafizur Rahman, but the Bangladeshi came back in style to pack back the right-hander the next ball, and restrict Sunrisers for a meagre 118.
During the chase, Mumbai too began on a horrendous note. Ervin Lewis (5), Ishan Kishan (0) and Rohit Sharma (2) fell soon as the hosts were reduced to 21/3 in 5.2 overs.
Suryakumar and Krunal Pandya then shared a handy 40-run partnership to keep Mumbai on track.
Legs-spinner Rashid Khan got a LBW decision against Krunal to break the partnership, with Mumbai needing 58 from 8.2 overs.
Rashid struck again to dismiss Kieron Pollard (9) in the first delivery of the 14th over to increase the visitors's hopes – which grew further when Suryakumar was caught by Rashid off Thampi in the following over. At this juncture, Mumbai were 77/6, still needing 42 off 5.1 overs.
In the following over, medium pacer Siddharth Kaul got two LBW decisions against Mitchell McClenaghan (0) and Mayank Markande (1) as Mumbai tottered at 80/8 at the end of 17 overs.
Amidst all this, India all-rounder Hardik Pandya had scored just three runs off 16 deliveries and was Mumbai's sole hope. But Kaul made him his third wicket when he was caught by Thampi at third man in the fourth delivery of the 18th over.
Thamp then had Mustafizur Rahman (1) caught by Deepak Hooda at midwicket to complete Mumbai's annihilation.
Brief Scores: Sunrisers Hyderabad 118 in 18.4 overs (Kane Williamson 29, Yusuf Pathan 29; Mayank Markande 2/15, Hardik Pandya 2/20, Mitchell McClenaghan 2/22) vs Mumbai Indians: 87 all out in 18.5 overs (Suryakumar Yadav 34; Siddharth Kaul 3/23, Basil Thampi 2/4, Rashid Khan 2/11).
LILY Allen proved she really does have no shame in her latest social media post.
She's known for her controversial and outspoken behaviour. And the mum-of-two was up to her usual antics again on Wednesday as she took to Instagram to share a snap of herself completely naked, save for a few golden chains and her trademark hooped earrings. Splashing around for not just one but three sexy snaps, the Smile singer put on a cheeky display for her 848k followers as she promoted her new album No Shame, which is due to be released in June. In the first of the flesh flashing photos, the 33-year-old can be seen in all her glory as she relaxes in a tub full of bubbles whilst her hands cover her bare breasts. Whilst in the second up-close shot the songstress shows off her famous wild side as she playfully grimaces at the camera.
INSTAGRAM / LILY ALLEN NO SHAME: Lily Allen went completely naked in her latest Instagram post
Lily's Allen's most SHOCKING Tweets Outspoken pop princess Lily Allen sparks continual Twitter controversies 1 / 9 Twitter Lily Allen sparked fury after tweeting about Rochdale grooming gang victims
The third and final picture is another headshot as this time the star throws a seductive stare as her bright pink hair takes centre stage. Naturally London-born Lily's fans were quick to inundate her with comments on the photo, which has since racked up a whopping 20,311 likes. One wrote: “You are an amazingly attractive woman!” A second exclaimed: “THIS WOMAN NEVER AGES." Whilst a third joked: “Oh I wish I were a little bar of soap. Lol.”
INSTAGRAM / LILY ALLEN HOT MAMA: Mum-of-two Lily looked incredible in the saucy snaps
INSTAGRAM / LILY ALLEN CHEEKY: The singer playfully posed for the camera in these intimate photos
And a final wrote: “Dear God Lily in the bath I'm going to faint.” But not everyone was so blown away by the songwriter's nude display. One user joked: “Way too much fairy liquid.” A second added: “Washing your sins away? Really, How long you got love?…” Meanwhile Lily recently spoke out about how her time away from the spotlight to raise her children caused her to lose her sense of identity and ultimately caused the breakdown of her marriage.
Marc Piasecki/FilmMagic CHEATED: Lily recently admitted she had cheated on ex-husband Sam
RIYADH: Saudi police are hunting for arsonists who torched a woman's car, only a week after the kingdom lifted a decades-long ban on female motorists.
Salma al-Sherif, a 31-year-old cashier based near the holy city of Mecca, told local media that her car had been deliberately set alight this week by men "opposed to women drivers".
Advertisement
"The incident is being investigated by security officials," Mecca police said in a statement released late Tuesday by local authorities.
"We are searching for the culprits."
On Jun 24, women celebrated taking the wheel for the first time in decades as the ultra-conservative kingdom overturned the world's only ban on female drivers.
For decades, arch-conservatives justified the ban saying that allowing female motorists would promote gender mixing and promiscuity.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sherif said she faced abuse from men in her neighbourhood soon after she began driving in a bid to ease her financial pressures.
"Half of my salary of 4,000 riyals (US$1,067) was spent on a driver to take me to my workplace and drive my elderly parents," Sherif told the pro-government daily Okaz.
"But from the first day of driving I was subjected to insults from men."
Sherif received an outpouring of support from Saudis on social media, with many posting pictures of her burning vehicle and denouncing the attack as a "terrorist act".
Local reports did not say whether her car was insured.
Authorities have sought to show the driving reform had religious approval, with the kingdom's top clerical council emphasising the lifting of the ban was in line with Islamic values.
But many are still wary of a backlash from hardliners, amid a torrent of sexist comments against women drivers on social media.
Many women say they are staying off the streets, testing reactions in a society torn between conservatism and a modernisation drive launched by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
Some 120,000 women have applied for driving licences, according to an interior ministry spokesman, but it remains unclear how many have been issued.
For now, the women taking to the roads appear mainly to be those who have swapped foreign licences for Saudi ones.
SINGAPORE: The Football Association of Singapore will "continue our discussions" with the Singapore National Olympic Council (SNOC) and Sport Singapore (SportSG) in its appeal to get their nomination to the Asian Games approved, it told Channel NewsAsia late on Wednesday (May 30).
The statement was made in response to queries after it emerged that the Singapore Under-23 team had failed to gain a nomination from the SNOC to participate in the upcoming Asian Games.
Advertisement
The SNOC earlier on Wednesday released a list of 246 athletes from 22 sports who made the first cut, but football was left out of the list.
Channel NewsAsia understands that the results put forward by the FAS do not meet SNOC's criteria. For athletes to receive a nomination, they have to meet the "selection criteria of a sixth-place finish at the Asian level", said SNOC.
Athletes and National Sports Associations have until Jun 15 to meet the qualifying mark.
The Singapore U-23 team did not make it past the group stages of the previous Asian Games, finishing third in their group behind Palestine and Tajikistan.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In last year's SEA Games, they failed to advance from the group stages, finishing behind Malaysia and Myanmar.
In March, they lost 3-0 to their Indonesian counterparts. They also suffered losses to Cambodia and Timor Leste in the Hassanal Bolkiah Trophy competition, exiting at the semi-finals stage.
The Young Lions have been doing well in the Singapore Premier League so far under the guidance of Fandi Ahmad however. After nine matches played, they are in fourth, with three wins and draws.
Players in the Singapore U-23 team include Fandi's two older sons Irfan and Ikhsan, as well as midfielders Hami Syahin and Adam Swandi. All four are considered to be the future mainstays of the senior national team.
FAS's head of national teams management, Mr Eric Ong, said that the team should be given a chance to compete in the Asian Games as "playing top quality opponents ... is key for the team to further enhance its competitiveness and development".
"We are working closely with the Singapore National Olympic Council and Sport Singapore on our selection for the 2018 Asian Games. The Asian Games is important in the lead-up to the 2019 Southeast Asian Games and the 2020 Asian Football Confederation Under-23 Championship, which serves as the qualifier for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo," said Mr Ong.
Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet L. Yellen on Tuesday painted a largely upbeat picture of the economy, telling lawmakers that somewhat faster wage growth is in store for workers, even as she signaled that the central bank would consider raising interest rates as early as next month.
Most analysts are not looking for a Fed rate hike until June, and Yellen and her colleagues, at their last policy meeting two weeks ago, gave little indication of an imminent move. Yellen didn't change her tune Tuesday, but with inflation on a favorable path and the labor market continuing to expand — the economy added a strong 227,000 jobs in January — she left open the possibility of a rate increase when the Fed next meets in mid-March.
The Fed "expects the evolution of the economy to warrant further gradual increases in the federal funds rate," Yellen told the Senate Banking Committee on the first of two days of hearings, part of congressionally mandated testimony and a report on monetary policy and the economy. Policymakers last lifted their benchmark short-term rate in December, for only the second time since the Great Recession ended in 2009.
At the same time, Yellen reiterated that there is considerable uncertainty in the economic outlook. She cited as sources fiscal policies, productivity growth and developments abroad, although not directly referring to President Trump or his plans for tax reform and other policy changes.
“We recognize that there may be significant economic policy changes and that those changes could affect the outlook. We're very well aware of that,” Yellen said. “And we don't yet have enough clarity on what changes will be put in place to really clearly factor those policy changes into the economic outlook .… We will wait to gain greater clarity on policy changes.”
Despite being pressed by lawmakers, she declined to evaluate Trump's economic initiatives or speculate about what they might mean for the economy. Hopes for fiscal stimulus, particularly tax cuts, but also substantial infrastructure spending as well as a rollback of business regulations, have fueled a surge in stock markets.
Stocks rose Tuesday, with major indexes hitting new highs, despite the possibility of a rate hike as early as next month.
“While it is not my intention to opine on specific tax or spending proposals, I would point to the importance of improving the pace of longer run economic growth and raising American living standards with policies aimed at improving productivity,” Yellen said, noting in particular education and training to improve workers' skills.
In answers to lawmakers' questions, Yellen did weigh in on a couple of Trump's policy moves, in general. She said, for example, that slowing immigration would tend to slow the economy, as the pace of economic growth is based primarily on changes in labor force and productivity gains.
On the Affordable Care Act, which Trump and many in the GOP want to repeal, Yellen said, “Healthcare … does account for a very significant share of spending, and a loss of access to health insurance could have a significant impact on spending of households for other goods and services, and beyond healthcare itself, have impacts on the economy.”
Some analysts think that the uncertainty hanging over federal programs will keep Fed policymakers on hold until June. “Once the fiscal stimulus is passed, however, we expect the pace of interest rate hikes to increase markedly, with as many as three rate hikes in the second half of this year,” said Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics.
Many investors remain skeptical of a Fed rate hike next month. But Curt Long, chief economist at the National Assn. of Federally-Insured Credit Unions, said that “a strong jobs report in three weeks could tilt expectations toward a move.” The next monthly employment report, for February, will be released a few days before the Fed policy meeting.
Chris Rupkey, chief financial economist at MUFG Union Bank in New York, was more confident about an imminent rate increase after Tuesday's hearing. Not only did Yellen hint at a rate hike, he said, but the Fed leader also gave a clear indication that she did not want to be behind the curve by moving too slowly.
"There's the usual disclaimers and hedges, but we think she is raising the curtain for a potential rate hike in March this year,” Rupkey said.
Besides monetary policy, Tuesday's three-hour hearing also highlighted the Fed's role as a regulator and the sharp partisan divide on Trump's nascent moves to scale back the Dodd-Frank rules enacted in response to the financial crisis a decade ago.
Sen. Mike Crapo (R-Idaho), chairman of the Banking Committee, said he was encouraged by Trump's executive order to review those regulations and their impact on the financial system. Like other Republican lawmakers, he raised concerns that they were hampering lending and economic growth.
“Financial regulation should strike the proper balance between the need for a safe and sound financial system and the need to promote a vibrant, growing economy," Crapo said in his opening statement.
Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio), the committee's ranking Democrat, pushed back on that thinking, saying that "many of my Republican colleagues are dead set on going far beyond reasonable adjustments and seeking to repeal reforms that are key to preventing the next devastating financial crisis."
Yellen, for her part, said that U.S. banks were now better capitalized, noting that "I believe the financial system is much more resilient than it was."
Responding to Brown's question whether the rules had constrained businesses' access to finances, Yellen cited a survey from the National Federation of Independent Business, a leading small-business lobbying group. She said only 4% of respondents had reported trouble getting all of the loans they needed.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Thyssenkrupp has offered workers commitments on jobs and investments to get union backing for its deal with Tata Steel to merge their European steel operations, several people close to labour union IG Metall said.
A logo of ThyssenKrupp AG is pictured outside the ThyssenKrupp headquarters in Essen, November 23, 2017. REUTERS/Thilo Schmuelgen
Details of the offer are to be discussed at a meeting of management and labour representatives on Tuesday, the sources told Reuters on Sunday.
German industrial group Thyssenkrupp and India's Tata Steel agreed in September to merge their European steel operations, creating the continent's second largest steelmaker with revenues of 15 billion euros ($17.7 billion).
But workers at Thyssenkrupp fiercely oppose the deal, concerned more steel jobs will be lost on top of the 2,000 already announced.
IG Metall has demanded 10-year guarantees for jobs, plants and investments and has set a Dec. 22 deadline for an agreement.
German weekly Bild am Sonntag had on Sunday cited Thyssenkrupp personnel chief Oliver Burkhard as saying in an internal memo that the industrial group was prepared to make commitments on future investments and job security.
“With our proposal, we want to secure jobs at the future joint venture into the next decade,” it had quoted him as saying.
Chief Executive Heinrich Hiesinger hopes to reach a final deal with Tata Steel in early 2018 but that depends on whether he can get it passed by Thyssenkrupp's supervisory board, where labour leaders hold half of the seats.
“If the employer's side wants to move forward now, then that's a signal to which we will respond,” Knut Giesler, the head of IG Metall in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia said.
Thyssenkrupp declined to comment on the matter.
($1 = 0.8501 euros)
- Advertisement -
The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) has arrested and quizzed a former Director-General of Small and Medium Enterprises Development Agency of Nigeria (SMEDAN), Alhaji Bature Umar Masari, over an alleged fraudulent award of N184.5 million contracts.
According to a statement by the commission's spokesperson, Mrs Rasheedat Okoduwa, a copy of which was made available to newsmen in Abuja, on Sunday, Masari was quizzed by the commission on his alleged role in the fraudulent awards of specialized entrepreneurship contracts to his cronies who were neither professional nor qualified to execute the projects.
The N184, 469, 550.03 contract sum was for specialised and sundry contracts in six states of Plateau, Adamawa, Borno, Ekiti, Katsina and Ogun, including the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja.
- Advertisement -
ICPC said that the former DG also allegedly demanded and received kickbacks from contractors that were awarded the contracts and as well, used his position as head of SMEDAN to confer corrupt advantage on himself.
The offences, according to the statement, which were allegedly committed in 2014 violated Sections 10 and 19 of the Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Act, 2000.
Preliminary investigation by ICPC revealed that Masari allegedly received several millions of naira as kickback between May and October, 2014, for the contracts awarded.
“He was alleged to have received a huge kickback from contracts including those for strategic empowerment programme, a creation of matchmaking platform for MSMEs development and other enterprises support services.
“The former SMEDAN DG has been released on administrative bail after questioning by the commission,” the statement added.
When it comes to her tumultuous relationship with Jax Taylor, Brittany Cartwright isn't listening to her friends.
Page Six spoke to “Vanderpump Rules” star Scheana Marie at Z100's Jingle Ball Friday where the reality star, who's no stranger to relationship drama herself, revealed there's no getting through to Cartwright, 28, when it comes to Taylor.
“We all give her advice but she doesn't take any of it,” she told us. “So we've kind of gotten to the point where it's just like look, you do you, it's your life.”
The “Vanderpump” beauty, 32, also says she “100 percent” believes Taylor cheated on Cartwright with former SUR waitress Faith Stowers while Stowers was working as a home care aide for a 95-year-old woman.
“It's Jax. Nothing really surprises me when it comes to him,” she quipped.
Taylor, 38, famously cheated on ex Stassi Schroeder during the Bravo hit's first season.
Despite all the drama, Marie said, “Right now I think [Jax and Brittany] are in a really good place.”
That doesn't mean he's off her naughty list this holiday season, though. What he deserves most? “A kick in the balls.”
Related Video 1:10 Stassi Schroeder: No one on ‘Vanderpump Rules' is all natural
Troubled singer Aaron Carter, 29, has left rehab after just two weeks of treatment, RadarOnline.com has learned. The star entered the facility on September 22, after writing on Twitter: “Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.”
“Aaron has left the facility where he has been working on his wellness. Several legal and personal matters arose that required his immediate and in-person attention,” his publicist Steve Honig told PEOPLE in a statement. “He is still very much committed to his wellness and will be continually working toward being the best person possible.”
Carter checked into the facility after worried friends told police he was “on the verge of death” and possibly suicidal.
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom' Tailspin! From Financial Ruin To Drug Rehab & Impending Divorce — 10 Reasons Leah Messer's Had The Worst Year Ever
“Everyone is worried about him,” said a source at the time. “I hope he gets the help he needs on his own time.”
Pals of the star called 911 days before he entered rehab, telling officials that Carter was driving drunk after having gotten high on computer duster.
The insider added that Carter was “very ill” after battling various ailmet and testing positive for opiates.
“Aaron has decided to enter a facility to improve his health and work on his overall wellness,” Honig told PEOPLE the day Carter decided to check himself into rehab. “He is going to do this privately and focus all his attention on being the best person and performer possible. He is grateful for the support and love from his fans and looks forward to coming back stronger than ever before.”
PHOTOS: No Shame! Josh Duggar's Porn Star Lover Hits The Beach While He Checks Into Rehab
It's been month since Carter's worried friends first claimed the singer needed serious help if he wanted to stay alive. Now, it seems, he's quit rehab once again!
Do you think Aaron Carter will be okay or should he stay in rehab? Let us know in the comments below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
A court here on Wednesday rejected Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's plea for copies of his visuals and statements recorded by the probe agency in connection with an alleged assault on Chief Secretary Anshu Prakash by two Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MLAs on February 19.
Delhi Police had, on May 18, questioned Kejriwal and sought to know from him the sequence of events on the fateful day.
Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Samar Vishal rejected Kejriwal's plea and said that there is no specific provision for providing a copy of the statement to a witness, whose statement has been recorded by police.
“The investigation agency is not obligated under the law to give the person a copy of his recorded statement, more particularly when the status of that person is not clear — that is, whether he will be made an accused or a witness, and further when the agency is of the view that handing over any such statement will be prejudicial to its investigation,” the court said.
The court also noted that the right of the accused to get a copy of the documents from the prosecution accrues after a police report is filed and he is summoned as an accused.
Kejriwal had sought directions to the case Investigating Officer to supply a copy of the CD of his statement recorded by police on May 18. Kejriwal told the court that the Delhi Police had videographed the proceedings.
He told the court that later that day, the police told the media that the Chief Minister had evaded certain questions by not giving specific and proper answers, which according to him is “factually incorrect”.
Kejriwal alleged that the police conduct indicated that they could go to any extent to frame him or other AAP leaders in the case or tamper with his statement as a witness in the case.
Delhi Police opposed the plea, saying it is not maintainable.
WOULD you dare to wear these sheer dresses and jumpsuits on your big day.
GETTY RACY LACY: A model bares all at Barcelona Bridal Week
Gone are the days of the modest flesh-covering wedding dress as naked gowns took centre stage at Barcelona Bridal Week. Models bared everything as they took to the runway in barely-there bridal attire. Naked fashion has been big news this year and it seems the daring look has filtered into bridal collections too.
Celebs SHOCK in naked dresses Celebs ditch bras in mesh dresses. 1 / 17 Getty Images When nipples and booty collide: Blac Chyna strips near-nude for SlutWalk
One of the most striking looks at the fashion event was a completely see-through bridal jumpsuit. The outfit, designed by Pronovias, was completely sheer aside from some intricate lace detailing. Long sleeves features pretty buttons and a long train with more floral embroidery flowed from the back. The blonde model teamed the racy look with solider stilettos and nude knickers.
GETTY ALL WHITE: The Pronovias show featured a whole host of naked bridal dresses and jumpsuits
X-rated fashion shows TREND ALERT: The most revealing outfit during fashion week. 1 / 38 Getty Images
Elsewhere another blonde bombshell flaunted her curves in an extreme plunging gown. The skirt of the dress was completely transparent at the front save for some delicate white flowers, which covered the models modesty. Two further naked wedding dresses were also featured as part of the daring collection.
GETTY SHOW DOWN: Naked fashion has been big news on the catwalks this year
F2 tossers shoot for 4th straight win
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By Jerome Lagunzad
Games Today
(The Arena, San Juan City)
4:15 p.m. – Sta. Lucia vs Smart
7:00 p.m. – Generika-Ayala vs F2 Logistics
Reigning titlist F2 Logistics intends to close out its first-round campaign in style against rejuvenated Generika-Ayala today in the resumption of the 2018 Chooks to Go-Philippine Superliga (PSL) Grand Prix action at The Arena in San Juan City.
The Cargo Movers will go into their 7 p.m. showdown determined to stretch their winning streak to four and formally claim the No. 2 seed in the next round even as the Lifesavers aim to give themselves an added confidence after a sluggish start.
Generika-Ayala finally broke the ice at the expense of newcomer Smart, 25-21, 25-23, 23-25, 22-25, 15-11, over the weekend which could be the start of something big after dropping its first four matches.
That's why F2 Logistics coach Arnold Laniog is reminding his wards not to look that far ahead.
“One game at a time,” he said. “All teams are equally tough. Every team is capable of springing a surprise. That's why we have to watch the videos, go back to the drawing board and carefully plot our game plan.”
Clashing in the opener set at 4:15 p.m. are unpredictable Sta. Lucia and winless Smart.
The Lady Realtors, running at fifth with a 2-3 mark so far, are eager to bounce back from a four-set loss to the Cargo Movers exactly a week ago and put themselves on the upper-half of the eight-team field going to the next round.
Cocolife, Cignal, Sta. Lucia, Foton and Generika-Ayala are still jostling for positions from Nos. 3 to 7, making this week's matches very crucial.
While the Cargo Movers, bannered by reigning tourney MVP MJ Perez and Kennedy Bryan, will come in as the odds-on favorites, the Lifesavers are expected to give them a tough grind, with imports Darlene Ramdin and Symone Hayden leading the way.
Related
comments
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Europe and South America will do battle again for soccer supremacy in the World Cup quarter-finals but with many of the usual combatants having already exited, there is a fresh feel to a line-up that promises a new or long-absent finalist.
SAMARA, Russia: Europe and South America will do battle again for soccer supremacy in the World Cup quarter-finals but with many of the usual combatants having already exited, there is a fresh feel to a line-up that promises a new or long-absent finalist.
While Africa, Asia and North America will not be represented, dashing any hope of a revolutionary breakthrough in the eventual destination of the trophy, at least one of this year's finalists will not have reached the title decider for half a century, if at all.
Advertisement
With perennial challengers Germany, Spain and Argentina all having exited a tournament that has thrown up a never-ending series of surprises, the draw has a distinctly unbalanced feel in terms of the talent weighing on either side.
In one half, England, who played their one final when they won the title in 1966, and Sweden, who lost to Brazil on home soil in the 1958 final, will meet in Samara on Saturday with a last-four clash against Croatia or Russia awaiting the winner.
Neither the hosts, whose previous best was a single semi-final appearance as the Soviet Union in 1966 or Croatia, who also reached the last four in 1998, were expected to challenge but have significantly outshone many supposed superiors.
On the other side of the draw, five-times winners Brazil takes on Belgium's so called 'Golden Generation', and 1998 champions France face Uruguay, who were crowned twice in the tournament's early history.
Advertisement
Advertisement
It is here that the habitual battle between soccer's two dominant continents, who have produced all previous World Cup winners, will take place.
While it is the fourth time in the last seven tournaments that no team outside of Europe or South America is in the last eight, even this quadrennial conflict will spurn its usual template.
Overturning long-held preconceptions about football's two main land masses, this year's quarter-finals pitch thrilling and adventurous European teams against pragmatic, stubborn and defensively-minded South American opponents.
Brazil, usually the game's great entertainers, and Uruguay boast the meanest defences at the World Cup having both conceded once in their four games.
Their opponents, Belgium and France, are more focussed on creating havoc at the other end.
Uruguay kept Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo at bay in their 2-1 last-16 win, just as France banged in four against Argentina at the same stage. They play in Nizhny Novgorod on Friday.
MISERLY BRAZIL
The spotlight on Brazil is still stubbornly trained on talisman Neymar, who has been defined by his histrionics as much as his performances in Russia, yet the true heroes of their current side are seemingly stationed at the other end of the pitch.
Brazil's defensive record under coach Tite has been remarkable, with only six goals conceded in 25 matches, and they have been just as miserly in Russia.
Belgium, however, are the tournament's highest scorers with 12 in four straight victories including their superb comeback from two goals down to beat Japan in the last 16.
In Eden Hazard and Kevin de Bruyne, Belgium, who last reached the semis in 1986, have two of the game's most devastating creators.
Yet as they walk out to face world soccer's mightiest superpower in Kazan on Friday, they might wish they were playing relative minnows Sweden instead.
That could have been their fate had they lost their last group game to England, who have been handsomely rewarded for finishing runners-up with - on paper - what appears to be a far-easier route to the final.
Having overcome Colombia on penalties in the last 16, England manager Gareth Southgate will probably feel his decision to field a second-string side against Belgium has been vindicated.
If England gets past workhorses Sweden, whose brand of football is not the easiest on the eye, they will face either Russia or Croatia, who play each other in Sochi on Saturday.
None of the teams in this side of the draw, including England, would have begun the tournament with realistic expectations of reaching the final.
Yet what were once distant dreams are now edging closer to reality.
(Reporting by Toby Davis; Editing by Christian Radnedge)
- Advertisement -
Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos on Monday advised corps members to acquire vocational skills to qualify for a start-up capital from the Lagos State Empowerment Trust Fund (LSETF).
Ambode gave the advice at the closing of the orientation course for the 2017 Batch B corps members deployed in the state.
The governor was represented by the state Commissioner for Special Duties, Mr Oluseye Oladejo.
According to the governor, the objective of the LSETF is to support young people to become job and wealth creators.
“I am aware that the Skills Acquisition and Entrepreneurship Development (SAED) programme was one of the activities in which you were engaged during the orientation.
“I urge you to take your post-camp training serious and acquire vocational skills of your choice.
“This will qualify you for a start-up capital from the Lagos State Empowerment Trust Fund that was established to provide financial support for Lagos residents and NYSC members serving in the state,'' he said.
The governor noted that the objective of the National Youth Service Scheme (NYSC) was to foster unity among the various ethnic groups in the country.
“I have no doubt that the orientation course has adequately prepared you for the next phase of your service.
- Advertisement -
“You are expected to exhibit good qualities such as tolerance, patriotism, diligence and perseverance in your various places of primary assignment.
“As you prepare to step out of this camp, I implore you to participate actively in anything that will positively affect the lives of others,'' he said.
Ambode called on the corps members to contribute meaningfully to the socio-economic development of their host communities.
The state Coordinator of the NYSC, Mr Mohammed Momoh, said that 2,549 corps members participated in the orientation course in the state.
Momoh said that the corps members were taken through well-structured programmes such as citizenship and leadership training, para-military drills and lectures on self-actualisation.
He urged the corps members to accept in good faith, their postings to their places of primary assignment.
The coordinator also advised them not to go on unauthorised journeys outside Lagos.
“If you must travel, permission must be obtained through the proper channel.
“I encourage you to be agents of change and good ambassadors in your places of primary assignment.
“I enjoin you to key into the federal and state governments grassroots-oriented programmes aimed at enhancing the socio-economic development of your host communities,'' he said.
Weekend one of Coachella is done and it was a good one.
Kendrick Lamar kept it simple as he closed out the first weekend.
But it was Lady Gaga who stepped in for Beyonce that crushed it with her new song The Cure, take a listen:
Not having a stellar night was Radiohead, who encountered a serious technical difficulty when their sound system kept cutting out causing the band to leave the stage, twice.
When they finally fixed it and the band returned, they filled the crowd with oldies like “Creep” and “Paranoid Android”.
Other than Radiohead's technical issues, the first weekend a success and no wild musical moment to report.
Getty Images
The Giants may be in the market for a certain very good young running back with the No. 2 overall pick Thursday night.
But one of their existing backs appears to be on the shelf for a bit.
According to Art Stapleton of the Bergen Record, Giants running back Paul Perkins was a bystander during today's minicamp because of a pectoral injury suffered while training, and his left arm was in a sling.
There was no word about the extent of the injury, or whether it happened during the Giants program or when he was working on his own beforehand.
In his absence, Wayne Gallman and free agent pickup Jonathan Stewart alternated with the starters in practice.
The Giants appear to be considering running back Saquon Barkley with the second pick, which would make a lot of the running back issues there moot. But Perkins was plagued by injuries last year and managed just 41 carries for 90 yards in 11 games.
Getty Images
Chargers third-string running back Andre Williams broke a wrist on the final play of Sunday's victory over Washington and will miss the rest of the season, coach Anthony Lynn said Monday.
Williams will undergo surgery.
While Williams played only five offensive snaps this season, he was a core special teams player with 95 special-teams snaps.
That means Branden Oliver, who hasn't played since Oct. 29, likely takes over Williams' snaps on special teams. Oliver has played 68 offensive snaps and 15 special teams snaps this season.
HONG KONG: Most Asian markets started clawing back losses on Monday (Aug 14) as spiralling tensions over North Korea showed tentative signs of easing and safe haven assets lost momentum.
Fears of a catastrophic confrontation between Washington and Pyongyang were calmed when CIA director Mike Pompeo said Sunday there was "nothing imminent" in the escalating stand-off.
Regional equities were also boosted by a positive lead from Wall Street on Friday, after investors waded back into the market following a three-day sell-off.
Hong Kong was back in positive territory Monday after slumping two per cent Friday, while Shanghai ended the day higher despite data showing Chinese industrial production slowed sharply in July as government efforts to rein in debt weighed on demand.
However, Tokyo closed one per cent down as traders returned from a three-day holiday weekend to play catch-up after Asian and European shares had dropped Friday, with the Nikkei finishing at its lowest level in more than three months.
Investors largely shrugged off official data showing Japan's economy grew by a faster-than-expected one per cent in the three months to June, as the accelerating world number three economy marked its longest economic expansion in more than a decade.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"What we're seeing today is relief at the (geopolitical) situation not deteriorating over the weekend, something traders were clearly wary of towards the end of last week," said Oanda analyst Craig Erlam.
European stocks moved higher at the start of trading on Monday with London, Paris and Frankfurt all up.
As markets started recovering, the dollar rose against the Japanese currency to above 109.7 yen in afternoon trade - although still off ¥109.99 in Tokyo on Thursday - while gold halted its advance after jumping 2.4 per cent last week.
"We're seeing a small unwinding of ... risk aversion trades, with gold trading slightly lower and the yen and Swiss franc off against the dollar, pound and euro," Erlam added.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Indices could reap the benefit of investors returning following losses worldwide last week, triggered after President Donald Trump threatened to unleash "fire and fury" on North Korea, and Pyongyang countered by announcing plans to test-launch missiles toward Guam.
'NOT OUT OF THE WOODS YET'
"There is a still a 'buy the dips' mentality running through financial markets, assisted by global growth in a good spot (while) global corporate earnings have been strong," said Chris Weston, chief market strategist at IG Markets.
Seoul, which endured a torrid time last week with stocks losing 3.2 per cent, finally broke its four-day losing streak, while Sydney also saw gains.
However, analysts cautioned that with joint South Korean-US military exercises scheduled and North Korea celebrating "Liberation Day" Tuesday, volatility could return to markets.
"We are not out of the woods yet and the situation in North Korea will remain front and centre," said Weston.
Wall Street had called a halt to the global slump on Friday, with analysts saying the Dow was boosted by weaker than expected consumer price inflation (CPI) figures, seen as reducing pressure on the Fed for an early rate rise.
Crude prices edged lower later Monday after holding steady for much of the day as the market continued to weigh rising global supply against output curbs from OPEC members and other leading producers.
"Oil seems to have found an equilibrium point and as long as we continue to see US inventories decline, it may be content to hold around here," said Ric Spooner, an analyst at CMC Markets in Sydney.
- Key figures around 0820 GMT -
Tokyo - Nikkei 225: DOWN 1.0 per cent at 19,537.10 (close)
Hong Kong - Hang Seng: UP 1.4 per cent at 27,250.23 (close)
Shanghai - Composite: UP 0.9 per cent at 3,237.36 (close)
Euro/dollar: DOWN at US$1.1798 from US$1.1824
Pound/dollar: DOWN at US$1.2995 from US$1.3015
Dollar/yen: UP at ¥109.74 from ¥109.11
Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 13 cents at US$48.60 per barrel
Oil - Brent North Sea: DOWN 31 cents at US$51.79 per barrel
New York - Dow: UP 0.1 per cent at 21,858.32 (close)
London - FTSE 100: UP 0.3 per cent at 7,333.42
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
As northern Europe swelters, Parisian bus drivers have won a years-long battle: the right to wear shorts during a heat wave.
PARIS: As northern Europe swelters, Parisian bus drivers have won a years-long battle: the right to wear shorts during a heat wave.
French public officials generally wear formal uniforms, and employers show little flexibility. But, bowing to longstanding staff requests, state-owned transport operator RATP will allow its 15,000 drivers to wear bermuda shorts or skirts from June to September when temperatures rise above 28 Celsius (82F).
Advertisement
"It has been a recurring conversation every year and this year, surprise, we got them," said bus driver Abdelkader Arioua.
Men - who make up 90 percent of the drivers - will receive trousers that can be turned into shorts with a zipper, while women will receive skirts.
(Reporting by Geert De Clercq; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
http://www.ruairiglynn.co.uk
Image: Soundforms – Flanagan Lawrence
We're pleased to welcome Paul Bavister to the IALab teaching team. He has been project architect for several award winning public schemes including the Acoustic Shells in Littlehampton; Soundforms, the first-ever mobile acoustic shell with the capacity for a full orchestra; and the award winning Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama. He was also involved in the redevelopment of the foyers at Sadler's Wells theatre, and a modular acoustic paneling system for the Royal College of Music.
Dora Stoutzker Hall – RWCMD – Flanagan Lawrence
Paul is currently leading the team for Riverside Studios, a project which will reinvigorate the iconic space to provide a state of the art facility and create a new ‘Digital Arts Centre' comprising purpose built production studios, a cinema, theatre facilities, rehearsal space, a restaurant and café/bar. Paul is also involved with the design of The University of St Andrews New Music Centre in Scotland, as well as a new auditorium in Sunderland.
Acoustic Shells Littlehampton – Flanagan Lawrence
Having graduating as an architect from the Bartlett School of Architecture in 1999, Paul's career began in restaurant and retail, with work evolving over the years since to specialise in the public sector, in particular acoustic and performance spaces. Paul is an active member of sound art group Audialsense, and has given lectures on the relationships between sound art and architecture at universities across London. Paul is both a design tutor and PHD candidate, at the Bartlett School of Architecture.
Richard Burton Theatre – RWCMD – Flanagan Lawrence
Paul joined Flanagan Lawrence in 2007 and made Associate Director in 2010. In 2016 he was promoted to Senior Associate Director R&D, where he is responsible for leading the practice's research and design.
Paul Bavister – Photo by Philippe Brysse
"[S]ocial media has created cyber-bridges over which those who do not have our best interest in mind can cross and we are allowing it. No wall is going to protect us from that...," he said in early February. "What we need now are activist investors to send a message that responsible oversight is needed."
Willie Nelson is blaming Utah's high altitude for forcing him to cut a performance near Salt Lake City short.
Nelson ended his show early at the USANA Amphitheatre in suburban West Valley City on Sunday night.
“Willie's doing great, actually, but we have to cut the show short and we wanted to thank you for coming out and make sure that everyone gets home safe,” someone on stage told the crowd.
READ MORE: Willie Nelson cancels two Las Vegas shows due to ‘bad cold'
The singer gave an update on Twitter early Monday morning, blaming the incident on altitude sickness due to the venue's 4,300-foot altitude.
He apologized in a statement posted to his social media accounts, writing: “This is Willie I am sorry to have to cut the SLC show short tonight The altitude got to me. I am feeling better now and headed for lower ground.”
Story continues below This is Willie I am sorry to have to cut the SLC show short tonight The altitude got to me I am feeling better now & headed for lower ground — Willie Nelson (@WillieNelson) August 14, 2017
The 84-year-old country music legend was forced to cancel several concerts earlier this year due to a bad cold.
READ MORE: ‘Forever Country' video features 30 top country artists
WATCH BELOW: Willie Nelson cancels shows due to illness
“We regret to inform fans that Saturday, January 28 and Sunday, January 29 performances of Willie Nelson & Family: Vegas On My Mind have been cancelled due to recent illness and will not be rescheduled,” a statement read on his Facebook page.
Watch Willie Nelson in Salt Lake City in the video above.
—With files from The Associated Press
As Noah Whiteman entered Northeast High School four years ago, he had one goal — to become valedictorian of his 2018 class.
After four years of striving for academic excellence, Whiteman achieved his goal, earning the coveted valedictorian title of his class. With a 4.0 GPA, he overcame the challenges of music theory, calculus, and physics.
The 18-year-old says music theory was the most difficult class he took at Northeast because he enrolled in the class before he could read music.
"(Music theory) kind of kicked my butt," he joked. However, he was able to improve his C to an A by the end of the class.
When he needed help with calculus or physics, he turned to the Internet for help.
From first through eighth grades, Whiteman was homeschooled — along with his four younger sibling — by his mother who was an aerospace engineer. His homeschooling experience wasn't strictly regimented, school work could be finished during the day or evening.
He says academic excellence has been instilled in him by his parents, both college graduates, who always encourage him and his siblings to do their best in school.
Whiteman's family moved to Pasadena in 2007 from New Hampshire; prior to that they lived in Massachusetts. The family moved to Pasadena because Whiteman's father was hired to help with a political campaign in the area.
Aside from typical high school classes, Whiteman is also president of the Student Government Association and vice president of the National Honor Society. He ran for student government because other students often look to him for answers.
Although he doesn't play in the band at Northeast, he knows how to play piano, guitar, and ukulele. Neither of his parents are musicians; however, his grandfather plays taps on the bugle during military funerals.
Overcoming stage fright, Whiteman performed on stage for the first time in Northeast's winter musical "Grease." He played the supporting role of "Roger" in the production.
Whiteman ran track and cross-country. He prefers long-distance running and ran a mile in 5 minutes, 4 seconds during his sophomore year.
Whiteman has been swimming competitively for 10 years at the Severna Park Racquetball & Fitness Club.
Incorporating his aptitude for swimming with a desire for work, Whiteman became a lifeguard at a pool in Glen Burnie.
Photos of the people and places as featured in the "Pasadena" column in the Maryland Gazette.
Whiteman's plans for the summer are straightforward--he'll be working as a lifeguard 40 hours per week.
At summer's end, he will move into one of the campus dormitories at the University of Maryland, College Park. With a $32,000 Presidential Scholarship under his belt, Whiteman says he chose College Park because "the price was right."
While in college, he plans to earn a double major in mechanical and aerospace engineering. Although he isn't focused on where he will end up after college, he wants to volunteer with Engineers Without Borders. The organization volunteers all over the world helping to solve engineering feats for people in need.
Quilt exhibit
Team members and visitors of Hospice of the Chesapeake are feeling the comfort and caring of an annual exhibit of a meticulous and generous art form by a special group of people in the community.
Gallery 90, located throughout the nonprofit's administrative building on the John & Cathy Belcher Campus, 90 Ritchie Hwy., will feature “Wrapped in Love,” an exhibit of some of the many lap quilts created and donated by individuals and guilds to bring comfort to patients in Anne Arundel and Prince George's counties.
Local quilting circles have provided hundreds of quilts with a patriotic theme to give to veterans as part of Hospice of the Chesapeake's Honor Salutes over the past several years. They also have crafted quilts for patients, including pediatric patients.
A quilters' reception will take place 9 a.m.-noon June 8. To register for the reception, or to schedule a private, docent-led tour of the exhibit, contact Renate Little at 443-837-1512 or rlittle@hospicechesapeake.org.
Strawberry festivals
Community United Methodist Church, 8680 Fort Smallwood Road, is holding a strawberry festival 11 a.m.-3 p.m. Saturday.
The festival will have food, games and entertainment for the whole family. Food items for sale include homemade crab cakes, grilled chicken, hot dogs and strawberry dessert bar. Guests may create their own dessert at the bar or purchase one already prepared.
For details, call the church at 410-255-1506.
Jenkins Memorial Church, 133 Riviera Dr., is also holding its annual strawberry festival and flea market 7 a.m.-1 p.m. June 9. Breakfast sandwiches will be available from 7 a.m., while supplies last. The flea market begins at 7 a.m. Spaces are available for purchase, $7 for no table or $10 table provided. Lunch starts at 10 a.m. Menu includes homemade crab cakes, hot dogs, barbeque, cake, ice cream, strawberries and more.
Contact Sherry Kruger at 410-437-7861 to reserve a flea market space.
CAPTION Eddison Hermond, 39, of Severn was last seen at 5:20 p.m. Sunday near La Palapa restaurant on Main Street, according to Howard County police. Eddison Hermond, 39, of Severn was last seen at 5:20 p.m. Sunday near La Palapa restaurant on Main Street, according to Howard County police. CAPTION Eddison Hermond, 39, of Severn was last seen at 5:20 p.m. Sunday near La Palapa restaurant on Main Street, according to Howard County police. Eddison Hermond, 39, of Severn was last seen at 5:20 p.m. Sunday near La Palapa restaurant on Main Street, according to Howard County police. CAPTION Chase Cook dissects Steve Schuh's tax claims regarding $110 million in savings. Chase Cook dissects Steve Schuh's tax claims regarding $110 million in savings. CAPTION Annapolis Sons of the Signers are restoring an old fire carriage that is powered by steam. Annapolis Sons of the Signers are restoring an old fire carriage that is powered by steam. CAPTION See and hear the sights and sounds of the 2018 Naval Academy graduation and commissioning ceremony. (Ulysses Muñoz / Baltimore Sun video) See and hear the sights and sounds of the 2018 Naval Academy graduation and commissioning ceremony. (Ulysses Muñoz / Baltimore Sun video) CAPTION State Highway Administration spokesman John Schofield talks about roadway upgrades that could ease beach traffic woes. State Highway Administration spokesman John Schofield talks about roadway upgrades that could ease beach traffic woes.
Share your Pasadena news with Atalie Day Brown at adbrownmdgazette@gmail.com
Getty Images
The Giants added cornerback B.W. Webb to the roster on Monday and he'll have company as a new addition to the team.
Wide receiver Cody Latimer announced on Twitter that he has reached agreement on a deal with the Giants. Latimer comes to the team after spending the last four years with the Broncos.
Latimer came to the Broncos as a second-round pick in the 2014 draft. He never found much of a role on offense as he caught 35 passes for 445 yards and three touchdowns in 45 games with the team.
According to multiple reports, the Giants are also expected to sign defensive lineman Josh Mauro. Mauro visited with the team and will join former Cardinals and current Giants defensive coordinator James Bettcher upon finalizing the contract.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - An Oklahoma City man is facing a murder charge in the death of his girlfriend's infant daughter.
Oklahoma City police said Tuesday that 8-month-old Amilia Tuell had died in a hospital after being found critically injured over the weekend.
A police report said the baby had been in the care of Michael Bradley when police were called Sunday to check on her at home in the southwest part of the city. After an interview, Bradley was booked into the city jail on a complaint of child abuse.
That complaint was amended to first-degree murder after the girl died.
Police are asking anyone with more information to contact them.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Google's flagship Android device has now sold over 1 million units, media reported, saying the figure was reached based on downloads of an application exclusive to the device.
While this is a milestone in the eight-month history of Pixel seen as Google's answer to the Apple iPhone, the number is overshadowed by its competition.
In comparison, Apple sold over 70 million iPhones (which included iPhone 7) in the last quarter of 2016 while Samsung is estimated to have sold 5 million units of Galaxy S8 in the first month of its release.
According to Arstechnica, Google doesn't release sales data but the installations of the device-exclusive “Pixel Launcher” app has just passed the 1 million mark.
The data includes pre-installed apps on new Pixel phones and doesn't count installs on third-party devices and so can accurately estimate the number of Pixel phones sold, the report said.
Launched last year, Pixel is the first smartphone that works as an intelligent personal assistant and knowledge navigator.
The 5-inch smartphone is equipped with Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chipset, 4GB of RAM and runs on Android Nougat 7.0 operating system.
The device also has Pixel Imprint — a fingerprint scanner on the back of the smartphone for quick access to all apps, texts and e-mails.
The United States Agency for International Development (USAID), in collaboration with the Ghana Health Service (GHS), have initiated digitization of healthcare in rural and hard-to-reach communities using touchscreen tablets.
Under this partnership, which also includes; the Korean International Cooperation Agency (KOICA), Samsung, and Good Neighbors (a Korean NGO) – a tablet-based tool was developed to allow health workers to electronically collect and analyze health records.
A statement copied to the Ghana News Agency in Accra on Friday, explained that, the transition from manual (paper and pen) to digital records would enable the GHS to better manage patient cases and promote efficiency in data management.
On February 1, 2018, the development partners launched the e-Tracker and handed over 2,590 tablets to the GHS, which would be distributed across the Upper East, Eastern, and Volta Regions.
The e-Tracker aligns with the government's development agenda to boost the country's journey toward full digitization.
According to the statement, the e-Tracker relies on the District Health Information System, whereby health facilities enter their summary reports into an electronic database.
The statement said it enables health workers to enter information on a tablet that automatically feeds into the district database; reducing inefficiencies in data capture, recall bias, and inaccurate reporting.
The statement said the e-Tracker is an initiative led by GHS, with support from USAID, KOICA, and Samsung. Under this partnership, USAID has contributed $2,000,000.00 through technical assistance whilst Samsung Corporation has contributed a matching $2,000,000.00 through the procurement of tablets. KOICA facilitated the collaboration between USAID and Samsung.
Source: GNA
Marzhan Nurzhan has a mission. The 25-year-old from Kazakhstan is rallying global youth to tackle one of the biggest threats to her generation. But time may be running out.
On January 25, partly in response to North Korea's recent weapons tests, international scientists moved the hands of the Doomsday Clock — a symbolic gauge that measures the risk of nuclear war — to 11:58. It's the closest to midnight we've been since 1953.
Midnight represents Armageddon.
Nurzhan has been an international advocate for nuclear disarmament ever since she learned of the impact nuclear weapons had on her country. Two million Kazakhstanis still suffer cancer and birth defects, the fallout from decades of Soviet weapons tests.
While many international organizations are active on nuclear disarmament, advocates like Nurzhan face a major challenge getting ordinary people engaged, especially youth. During the Cold War, public demonstrations against nuclear arms were common. Today, not so much. Increased threats haven't increased public interest, says Nurzhan.
Rob van Riet, peace and disarmament co-ordinator for the World Future Council, says nuclear disarmament “feels too large for a lot of people and they feel powerless.”
Issues like climate change are daunting, but tangible. Ordinary citizens can contact politicians, demanding policies that reduce emissions. More importantly, people have at least some control over their household energy use.
But making superpowers give up their huge arsenals, let alone influencing a rogue state like North Korea, seems unattainable.
Still, Nurzhan and van Riet insist ordinary people can help reduce the global risk of nuclear conflict.
A powerful tool is divestment. The U.S., Russia and China want to upgrade their aging nuclear arsenals, and develop new types of smaller weapons that could be used on the battlefield. The companies that build parts for those bombs are supported by investors like pension funds, and even our personal RRSP funds. We can pressure investors to drop these companies from their portfolios, pushing them to get out of the bomb business.
Canada is uniquely positioned to be a leader in nuclear disarmament. As climate change makes Arctic waters more accessible to submarines, Russia and the U.S. increasingly see the north as a key part of their nuclear strategy, according to van Riet. As a respected Arctic nation, Canada could lead the campaign to make the region a nuclear-free zone.
Likewise, with public pressure, Canada could play a diplomatic leadership role and insist that all nuclear states follow the example of China and India and declare a “no first-use” policy. This would reduce the risk of conventional conflicts escalating into nuclear war.
But if Canada is to be that leader, we have to make it a priority for our government.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has been conducting town halls across the country — a great opportunity to raise the issue, notes Douglas Roach, a former Canadian senator and ambassador for nuclear disarmament.
“If he's is not hearing from people, he's going to think people don't care,” Roche pointed out.
The Cold War may be a distant memory, but its terrifying ghost still haunts us. It's time for us to engage again on nuclear disarmament. The clock is ticking.
Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. For more dispatches from WE, check out WE Stories.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) – Outside temperatures are dropping, and thermostats dials are going up. It can get expensive sometimes, and that's why DTE Energy has shared some tips on how to save your money this winter.
Cleaning or replacing furnace filters is one way to efficiently heat your home.
Use caulk or weather stripping to seal air leaks at doors or windows.
Next, add insulation to your home to improve comfort and efficiency. Doing both can save up to $200 on your energy bill
Also, make sure rugs, drapes or furniture are not blocking air flow to registers or heaters.
DTE Energy offers free home energy consultations to help identify specific ways to lower your energy bill.
Currently, DTE serves 450 Michigan communities, with future hopes of generating electricity renewable, and providing safe and reliable sources of energy for future generations.
Schedule a consultation by calling 866-796-0512 or visiting their website.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Health care has gone to the dogs. My dog in particular.
Where do I sign up?
Two weeks ago, I noticed my dog Butter walking oddly. So I took her to the vet and within an hour she had blood work, X-rays, a full exam and she was diagnosed.
It turns out she had torn her knees. That's not the medical diagnosis. The name is too long for me. But if she were a human it would be the same as tearing both of her ACLs.
So they had to be fixed. Within two weeks of her initial exam, Butter got into a specialist and surgery was scheduled. She had a two-day stay. Her own cage. Her own team of doctors and we were given daily updates.
The service was fast and impeccable. We picked her up over the weekend and while she has a long recovery, she now has one of two new knees without any waits or delays. Just. Like. That.
READ MORE: Ontario Patient Ombudsman finds hospitals are main source of complaints
Now, this isn't cheap: Each leg is $7,000. Thankfully we have head to tail insurance on her and 90 per cent of this is covered.
Now, the point of me telling you about Butter is not to lecture you on pet insurance, which I urge any pet owner to get, but more to illustrate how much more dignified animal care is in Ontario than human patient care.
If you need a knee replacement today in the province of Ontario, you are waiting, on average, 286 days. In Hamilton, it's a staggering 403 days.
Those numbers are from the Government of Ontario website. So that wait could go longer assuming you aren't bumped.
The provincial government, which is desperate to turn the page on shameful health headlines, says it is investing $1.3 billion over three years to reduce times. But the backlog is so long and specialists too few it will barely make a ripple.
And it's even worse in other areas. If you have cancer, Ontarians are waiting too long for testing and diagnoses. If you need certain stem cell treatments, you have to go to the U.S. If you get stuck in emergency care, hallways are now an acceptable and expected treatment zone. But maybe the worst is how we treat, or rather mistreat, seniors.
My sweet girl Butter broke her elbow. The only way she will eat is off of a spoon. Going to be a long recover. #dogslife pic.twitter.com/MKzxLS5NZo — Alex Pierson (@AlexpiersonAMP) November 26, 2017
Unless you have money, and lots of it, you are stuck waiting on provincial care. And the reality is you don't get what you pay for.
Take those with dementia and Alzheimer's who depend on specialized care. THEY are the forgotten ones.
READ MORE: Auditor general says wait times for cancer biopsies not meeting targets
My stepdad, who recently died of complications due to dementia, spent the last 14 months of his life on a waiting list. He stayed in a residential home. Not a medical facility, which he needed, but it's all that was available. He ended up getting an infection that no one caught it in time. He died, in part, because the facility wasn't set up to deal with medical issues. Even in his dying days at the hospital we were told there he would have to wait for palliative care. I reminded the nurse that death doesn't wait for Ontario's waiting lists. And it didn't.
Ted died in a hospital room with other patients forced to listen to his final moments. Zero dignity for him. Zero regard for the others.
WATCH BELOW:
Welcome to Ontario health care in 2017. Desperate to mute all these nasty health headlines, the province has promised to open 2,000 more beds to address crushing demand. Given the Liberals have closed upwards of 20,000, adding 2,000 more will do little to cure what ails our health-care system.
Yet again, constant expensive band-aids that don't actually fix the problems.
We aren't serious about health care in this country. It's not working. And no one is brave enough to have an honest conversation about changing it. Yes, we could implement and pay for private care, which, BY the way, already exists. But we could substantially improve the system we have by scaling back on the ever-growing bureaucracy and never-ending waste. Imagine what we could have done with the $8 billion thrown away on E-health?
So yes, heath care really has gone to the dogs. And it's the kind of health care most of us can only dream of.
0
Anyone who's seen Ridley Scott‘s recent Alien movies can make the argument that he really dislikes his human characters. They're quite dumb, not particularly endearing, and are decidedly less interesting than either the extraterrestrial species that hunt them or the artificially intelligent assistants tasked with babysitting them. The franchise has a long history of androids who have been programmed with both good and bad intentions, but the most recent additions–Michael Fassbender‘s David and Walter–are the most interesting yet.
At least, Scott thinks they are. The veteran filmmaker has designs on putting the Xenomorph creations on the backburner and focusing on A.I. for the sequel to Alien: Covenant and beyond, presumably. He said as much during a recent podcast chat with Empire (via SR). Scott, an executive producer on Blade Runner 2049, another pro-A.I. film franchise, seems to be totally over aliens, which is unfortunate. But if A.I. ends up becoming the dominant (artificial) lifeform over humans, I'm all for it.
Here's what Scott had to say about Alien: Covenant and its sequel:
“I think the evolution of the Alien himself is nearly over, but what I was trying to do was transcend and move to another story, which would be taken over by A.I.'s. The world that the AI might create as a leader if he finds himself on a new planet. We have actually quite a big layout for the next one.”
So if you were a fan of the ever-evolving Xenomorphs and wanted to see what new transitional states were in store, looks like you're out of luck. On the other hand, if you're a fan of the many, many iterations of artificially intelligent androids that appear throughout the Alien universe, you can expect more of that in the years ahead.
I'm sure you have thoughts, so let us know what they are in the comments!
Getty Images
Longtime NFL defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul is reminding Americans that a Fourth of July celebration can go horribly wrong for those who don't handle fireworks safely.
Pierre-Paul, who lost much of his right hand in a fireworks accident on July 4, 2015, posted some extremely graphic and disturbing pictures of what his hand looked like in the immediate aftermath of the accident.
“It's been [three years] since my accident and I can truly say I'm very blessed and fortunate to be where I am in life,” Pierre-Paul wrote. “Looking at these pictures seems unreal and crazy. How your life can change in the blink of an eye. One of the greatest American traditions in celebrating 4th of July is with fireworks. Unfortunately, tomorrow someone will be injured playing with fireworks. We are celebrating the birthday of our great nation. I'm glad to still be alive to show you the outcome of what happened to me. Please don't feel sorry for me, trust me your boy fine even with missing fingers lol. Be safe out there otherwise, this can be you.”
Pierre-Paul was a free agent who had been franchised by the Giants at the time of the accident, and it forced him to miss half the season and cost him millions of dollars. He was traded to the Buccaneers this year.
ENTERTAINMENT
K-pop group BTS has made the list of the top 10 musicians in the United States for 2017, according to American music publication Billboard.
BTS ranked No. 10 on Billboard's Top Artists year-end chart this year, as seen on the company's website Monday (local time). Ed Sheeran and Bruno Mars led the chart, trailed by Drake, Kendrick Lamar, The Weeknd, the Chainsmokers and Justin Bieber.
The chart ranks artists based on their performance on the Billboard Hot 100, Billboard 200 and Social 50 charts, and also touring revenue.
(Big Hit Entertainment)
The group also took second place on the Billboard's Top Artists -- Duo/Group category after The Chainsmokers, while taking the No. 1 spot on the Social 50 Artists year-end chart.The group's smash hit album "Love Yourself: Her" ranked No. 32 on the Independent Albums year-end chart.Last week, BTS' latest song "Mic Drop" reached No. 28 on Billboard's Hot 100 chart, making it the first Korean boy band to join the crucial top-40 list. The group's album "Love Yourself: Her" peaked at No. 7 on the Billboard 200.The group has achieved a major breakthrough in the US this year, having been invited to performance at the American Music Awards last month. (Yonhap)
The Senate on Wednesday challenged Prof. Attahiru Jega, former chairman of INEC, to prove the bribery allegation he levelled against members of the National Assembly.
The decision followed a Point of Order moved by Senator Isah Misau (APC-Bauchi), drawing the attention of the Senate to the comment attributed to the former INEC boss.
While relying on Order 43, Misau said: “I want to recall that on Democracy Day, Prof. Attahiru Jega accused all lawmakers and, particularly the National Assembly committee chairmen, of asking for and taking bribe while carrying out their oversight functions.
“I take exception to it and want the Professor to mention those he knew were involved. It is by so doing that we can be upright in the fight against corruption in this country.”
Misau also said that his privileges were breached with the alleged comment, adding that he was embarrassed by the unsubstantiated allegation by Jega.
“My point of order is based on the lecture made during Democracy Day. The President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria was in attendance.
“During the lecture, the guest lecturer who is an elder statesman and the former Chairman of INEC, Prof. Attahiru Jega made a statement which I feel I have to bring to this sitting.
“He made mention that some committee chairmen of the National Assembly are notorious in demanding or collecting bribes, which I feel is very weighty because that programme was televised live.
“The thing they need to understand is that these live programmes are watched around the world. I am a member of ECOWAS parliament and after the lecture, I went to the parliament, most of the parliamentarians were asking me if what Prof. Jega said was true.
“I found it difficult to explain to them and I feel that not only Prof. Jega but anybody that would make statements concerning the credibility of this Senate and the chairmen should be bold enough to mention the committee chairmen, especially when it is about fighting corruption in Nigeria.
“If we really want to fight corruption and want to help the government, he would not be making such statements without mentioning the committee chairmen and those who gave him that sort of information.
“I felt embarrassed. We need the professor to throw more light on what he said.”
In his remark, the President of the Senate, Dr. Bukola Saraki, said it was important for Jega to substantiate his allegation.
He urged eminent stakeholders in the country to be wary of their comments to avoid portraying the country in bad light before the world.
“I was at the programme with the Speaker and we were highly embarrassed by this kind of comment. All of us are committed to the fight against corruption and this type of statement does not help. “It is a slight on the integrity of some of us. If he has the evidence, he should bring them forward.
“To say that is to suggest that every member of the National Assembly is part of this and those who are not part of it are condoling such action, which is far from the truth.
“If he cannot come out and name them, he should not make such statements. If there are cases like these, we have always said that we are not going to cover up for anybody.
“For future accusations, they should name them and see what the institution would do in trying to ensure that the necessary sanctions are taken,'' Saraki said.
Advertisement
A former governor of Benue State and serving senator of the Federal Republic, George Akume, has fired back at those criticizing President Muhammadu Buhari for failing to deliver on his campaign promises.
Akume said anyone who is saying Buhari has achieved nothing since he assumed office is either blind or too myopic to see anything good about the current government.
The former Senate Minority Leader insisted that despite the attacks on the president, the APC-led government has not in any way disappointed the nation since it came on board on May 29, 2015.
The APC chieftain in an interview with Vanguard voiced his conviction thus, “I want to say with all emphasis that APC has not disappointed and has not failed this nation. We must recognise one fact that this government inherited a zero economy, we started from ground zero. Some said it's even minus. There was nothing. We had a meeting with the president, we know what he told us on what he had to do before they started paying salaries.
“I believe we have not disappointed Nigerians There was no money, don't forget that when President Olusegun Obasanjo was leaving, we had N64 billion in foreign reserves. By the time President Muhammadu Buhari took over, we had less than N30 billion. The economy was comatose – everything including toothpicks were being imported and irredentist movements were all over the place.
Advertisement
“We had the Boko Haram ravaging the North-East, and in the South South, we had serious security challenges. Don't also forget the fact that we had serious issues of kidnapping, robbery and the rest. I don't want to talk about corruption. Nigerians know very well what took place in the past.”
Akume faulted the belief in some quarters that his partyman and governor of his state, Samuel Ortom is helpless over the killings of his kinsmen by suspected Fulani herdsmen.
He said, “Actually, I want to correct the impression you have created that the governor is helpless. The governor is not hopeless, he's not helpless. The governor has taken fundamental steps as the chief security officer of Benue State, to guarantee the security of lives and property.
“I would come to that later. But I want to state this and very emphatically too, that there had always been a conflict between farmers and cattle rearers, it's something that can never be completely eliminated, but it's something that can be brought under control. I was a small boy in those days, I was born in the 50s and I went to school in the 60s.”
Lucas Torreira's proposed £26m move to Arsenal from Sampdoria is not a done deal yet.
The 22-year-old is still away at the World Cup with Uruguay, and Football London say the Gunners are denying his arrival is set in stone.
Arsenal reporter Charles Watts said: “If everything goes to plan, Torreira should be an Arsenal player after Uruguay's participation at the World Cup comes to an end.
“But I'm categorically told by sources at Arsenal that no deal has been concluded, so until the contract is actually signed it can't be certain that the move will go through. No medical has taken place and no signatures have been put on any contracts.
“But an agreement is there in principle which should be ratified after the player returns from Russia.”
A white elephant gift exchange is a holiday tradition where a group of friends, family members or coworkers exchange useless and wacky gifts during a holiday party.
You can either play by Secret Santa rules or each person draws a number to determine who goes first. The person who draws number one chooses a gift and opens it for everyone to see. Each person after that can either steal an already opened gift from someone before them or he/she can choose an unopened gift.
If a gift is stolen from someone, that person gets to pick another unopened gift. This process continues until the last person has gone. A gift can only be stolen three times so the fourth person to steal it gets to keep it.
Generally this type of holiday exchange is for entertainment so you do not have to spend a lot of money on the gift and the funnier or weirder, the better! Here are 30 ideas for your white elephant gift exchange this year:
1. Star Wars Ice Cube Trays
2. Cat Bingo
3. Beer Belly Fanny Pack
4. Human Face Anti-Stress Balls
5. Drinking Buddies Cocktail/Wine Glass Markers
6. Crazy Patterned Socks
7. Selfie Toaster
8. Bubble Gum Refrigerator Magnets
9. Foot Hammock
10. The VERY Embarrassing Book of Dad Jokes
11. Ugly Christmas Sweater
12. Toilet Golf
13. Bacon Flavored Toothpaste
14. People of Walmart Calendar
15. Dog Butt Magnets
16. Horse Head
17. Googly Eyes Stickers
18. Microwavable S'mores Maker
19. Unicorn Onesie
20. Finger Hands Finger Puppets
21. Pickle Lip Balm
22. Adjustable Visor with Spiked Hair
23. Smuggle Your Booze Sun Sunscreen Lotion Flask
24. Bubble Wrap Rain Jacket
25. Prank Pack iArm
26. Poo-Pourri Toilet Spray
27. Moose Oven Mit
28. NapSack Sleep Hood
29. Meat Maniac Insect & Bug Candy
30. Holiday Toilet Paper
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
KALAMAZOO, Mich. (WOOD) — Even as ArtPrize wraps up in Grand Rapids, the first Friday of the month still means Art Hop in downtown Kalamazoo.
Four budding artists, all within months of graduation from Western Michigan University's Gwen Frostic School of Art, are telling their stories through art.
“I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was a little kid. I was never able to sit still, keep myself focused on one thing for very long. When I started doing long exposure stuff, I kind of took it as a challenge,” WMU David Borzkowski said of his photography.
Borzkowski is from Kalamazoo and a Kalamazoo Promise recipient. He said the patience his work demands has freed him from something he has battled since childhood.
Classmate and fellow senior Kate Goold is showcasing her photography of disappearing downtown Detroit architecture.
“I've always been interested in why these buildings aren't getting rebuilt or like why they're just been left abandoned,” she said.
She's well aware her work is not only art, but also a way of archiving vanishing history.
“One of my favorite images up at Art Hop is of a piano like up, the keys are vertical. It will never look that way again,” Goold said.
Zoie Uznis' series inside our WOOD TV8 studio in downtown Kalamazoo features huge eyeballs and faceless women. The series is called “Consume Me.”
“My work is based mostly around the male gaze and being a modern woman,” Uznis said. “Women, I want them to be empowered and pumped up and just realize you don't have to be consumed. You can go out there and do your own thing.”
On the other side of things, Hayden Simpson's work features models with their eyes cropped out.
“I want people to more focus on the features of the actual individual and less on their persona or personality,” Simpson said.
And when you're just starting out, like Simpson, sometimes your models are anyone who will sit still long enough. In one of Simpson's largest pieces of art, he used his dad as a model.
Where to find these artists at Art Hop:
David Borzkowski 's work will be shown at Diekema Hamann at 612 S. Park St.
's work will be shown at at 612 S. Park St. Kate Goold 's work will be shown at Consumer's Credit Union at 125 S Kalamazoo Mall.
's work will be shown at Consumer's Credit Union at 125 S Kalamazoo Mall. Zoie Uznis' work will be shown at the WOOD TV8 studio at 151 Rose St.
will be shown at the WOOD TV8 studio at 151 Rose St. Hayden Simpson's work will be shown at Webster's Prime on the second floor of the Radisson Plaza Hotel at 100 W. Michigan Ave.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
MUMBAI: Singer Ed Sheeran, who took a break from social media and the public eye for the last 12 months, will unveil new music on Friday.
The singer uploaded a silent video on Twitter on New Year's Day to update his fans about his upcoming work, reports mirror.co.uk.
In the video, the star held up a piece of paper that read: "New music coming Friday."
It comes after he recently dropped a hint about his next album as he changed all his social media profile pictures to blue squares.
Songwriter Amy Wadge, who wrote ‘Thinking Out Loud' with Sheeran, last week confirmed "his album is done". She added it will "break the internet" when it's released.
He came out of temporary retirement to pen ‘When Christmas Comes Around', the single of ‘The X Factor' winner Matt Terry.
(Source: IANS)
His story is one I think we can all relate to. One that will melt your heart. He has a strong message for bullies of all kinds.
The outpour of support for Keaton has been nothing short of incredible.
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ pic.twitter.com/3l8P4fKAqW — Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 10, 2017
Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best https://t.co/pqDgay77l9 — LeBron James (@KingJames) December 11, 2017
This broke my 💔 today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton https://t.co/8XBbFmnuc1 — KATY PERRY (@katyperry) December 10, 2017
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
Keaton, will you've my guest at the Premiere of #InfinityWar too? I think you are about one of the coolest kids I have ever seen! Can't wait to meet you in person, pal. Forget those ignorant kids. One day, very soon, they are going to feel pretty stupid for this. https://t.co/BqJLxu25GN — Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) December 11, 2017
Bullying sucks. If you know someone who's getting bullied or getting bullied yourself, TELL SOMEONE.
SINGAPORE: Celebrities Shane Pow and Sheila Sim have signed on to Mediacorp's The Celebrity Agency (TCA), the agency announced on Tuesday (Dec 12).
One of the "8 Dukes" of Mediacorp formed at the 2014-Star Awards, Shane has signed an exclusive artiste management contract with TCA.
The actor made his debut in the 2012 drama It Takes Two and has filmed 24 dramas in five years, including new productions to be telecast in 2018 such as Channel 8 drama Mind Matters, Toggle original series Die Die Also Must Serve and Dance with Me.
He has also starred in local movies, performed in a musical and hosted for various Channel 8 programmes, while also being the face of recent Singtel campaign You Make The Call which got more than 1 million views on YouTube.
"I really appreciate the opportunities that Mediacorp has given me over the years and I'm optimistic about the prospects and progression of my career by joining TCA," said Shane.
"I'm still chasing after the dream of getting a nomination for both acting and hosting so I will continue to work even harder and hopefully I can achieve it together with TCA soon.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
A partner of modelling agency Nu Models, actress and television personality Sheila Sim has been working with TCA via the agency for the last two years.
Her decision to be fully managed by TCA stems from her desire to "devote more time in developing a career" as a professional actress and entertainer, said TCA.
“I'm so excited to join the TCA family and I look forward to new beginnings and new opportunities! It feels surreal to be in the same family as my besties in showbiz!” said Sheila.
Having started off as a fashion model, she made her television acting debut in the 2013 drama I'm In Charge.
Her acting resume now includes the supernatural comedy Mystic Whispers, medical drama You Can Be An Angel Too, blockbuster Hero and the long-running family drama 118, for which she was nominated for Best Supporting Actress at the Star Awards 2016.
Her upcoming projects include Toggle Original series VIC and the 2018 drama Hope is Here.
“I see a lot of potential in both Shane and Sheila, and was very keen to sign them as fully managed artistes," said head of TCA Georgina Chang. "They are great to work with, and have high commercial demand.”
Five Army Cadet Corps in the region get training on building shelters, lighting signal fires.
Senior cadets constructed a signal fire and demonstrating to the junior cadets on how to light it. Photo by Sergeant Anderson
The 1813 Cranbrook cadets teamed up with five other units in the region for a cold weather exercise on winter survival earlier this year in Radium.
Hosted by the Radium Rod and Gun Club, the five Army Corps cadet units from Cranbrook Fernie, Creston ,Gold and Invermere learned how to survive on snow-covered ground where temperatures reached daytime highs of -15 Celsius and nighttime lows of -18.Celsius.
“This training is valuable to all cadets and staff, as leadership and communication; combined with the weekend training they learned skills that will last a lifetime. Our cadets will be better prepared for the unforeseen situations, when they are participating in outdoor and back country activities”, said Captain McConnell, 2756 Invermere Corp.
Survival skills are needed for all types of natural environments and all Sea, Land and Air cadets are taught basic techniques, including how to avoid ending up in an emergency survival situation.
Knowledge gained in practical survival exercises, rather than a textbook, dramatically increases their chances of being rescued.
Specific skills for junior cadets included learning how to build fires for survival and cooking, what to look for in site selection for a shelter and some of the hazards of winter camping to watch for, such as avalanches.
Outside of the campsite, cadets learned how to find safer paths while snowshoeing to prevent falls into hollow spots or tree wells.
Senior cadets learned what items are best to have in personal survival kits and how to build shelters with the materials around them. As a team, they built a signal fire while also realizing how difficult it can be to light it.
The Cadet Program aims to develop in youth ages 12 – 18 the attributes of good citizenship and leadership, promote physical fitness and stimulate the interest of youth in sea, land and air activities of the Canadian Armed Forces.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Italy's Banca Carige says:
* SIGNS IT OUTSOURCING DEAL WITH IBM
* APPROVED 2018 BUDGET GUIDELINES
* CONFIRMS TARGETS IN ITS 2017-2020 INDUSTRIAL PLAN Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
U.S. stock futures dipped and Asian shares were on the defensive on Thursday after a media report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated by a special counsel for possible obstruction of justice.
TOKYO: U.S. stock futures dipped and Asian shares were on the defensive on Thursday after a media report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated by a special counsel for possible obstruction of justice.
Investors' appetite for riskier assets was also dampened by soft U.S. data and after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as expected and gave its first clear outline on its plan to reduce its US$4.2-trillion bond portfolio.
Weak inflation readings, in particular, cast doubt on the Fed's view that the economy is continuing to strengthen.
S&P mini futures dipped 0.2 percent in early Asian trade after the Washington Post reported that Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice.
Mueller is investigating alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign. Trump's legal team denounced the report.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The news came just after the No. 3 Republican in the House of Representatives, Steve Scalise, was shot by a gunman angry with Trump and other Republicans. Scalise was listed in critical condition.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.1 percent while Japan's Nikkei fell 0.4 percent.
Asian markets were also waiting to see if China's central bank would follow the Fed with another round of money market rate increases, as it did in March. But traders were divided over the possibility, with some analysts noting the yuan is in better than a few months ago while liquidity in China has already been tightening.
The U.S. dollar bounced back from seven-month low against a basket of currencies after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its US$4.2-trillion portfolio of bonds.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen said the process could start "relatively soon", while projections of Federal Reserve Board members also showed they expect one more rate hike by the end of year.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Yet the Fed's decision was over-shadowed by surprisingly weak U.S. economic data released before the rate announcement.
Consumer prices unexpectedly fell on month in May and the annual increase in core CPI slipped to 1.7 percent, the smallest rise since May 2015, after advancing 1.9 percent in April.
Retail sales fell 0.3 percent last month - the largest fall since January 2016 and way below economists' expectations for a 0.1 percent gain - amid declining purchases of motor vehicles and discretionary spending.
The data had knocked the dollar and U.S. bond yields to its lowest level in seven months against a basket of currencies.
The dollar index had fallen to as low as 96.323 on Wednesday, having shed nearly six percent on the year, before bouncing back a tad on the Fed's policy tightening.
The euro traded at US$1.1210, after having hit a seven-month high of US$1.1296.
The dollar fetched 109.35 yen, not far from Wednesday's eight-week low of 108.81 yen.
The 10-year U.S. Treasuries yield had slipped to as low as 2.103 percent and last stood at 2.129 percent.
"You cannot help the impression that there is a gap between the Fed's bullish inflation forecast and the weakness in actual data," said Daisuke Uno, chief strategist at Sumitomo Mitsui Bank.
"The Fed seems to think the weakness is temporary. But that view will be tested in coming months," he added.
Money market instruments such as Fed fund futures show market players see the likelihood of one more rate hike this year as less than 50 percent.
Crude oil prices were listless after having slumped nearly 4 percent to their lowest close in seven months on Wednesday, on an unexpected large build in gasoline inventories.
Brent crude futures slipped another 0.4 percent in early Asian trade to US$46.83 per barrel, near a five-month low of US$46.64 touched in early May.
Many other commodity prices are also under pressure. Thomson Reuters CRB index tumbled to 14-month lows, having fallen almost 12 percent from this year's high hit in January.
(Editing by Kim Coghill)
An Annapolis man was shot and killed late Sunday while standing outside in an apartment complex off Forest Drive.
Officers were called to the Graff Court in the Reserve at Quiet Waters complex for a report of a shooting.
Police said they found the body of Juan Carlos Machado Rivas, 28.
Witnesses told police Rivas was standing outside when he was approached by several people. Rivas are shot and killed.
Anyone with information about the homicide is urged to contact Detective Charles Bealefeld or Detective Andrew Ascione at 410-260-3439 or cebealefeld@annapolis.gov and agascione@annapolis.gov.
Residents of Obajana, the host community of Dangote Cement Company in Lokoja local government area of Kogi State, have been told to embrace the attitude of maintaining proper hygiene and planning in every aspect of their lives.
The state commissioner for Environment and Natural Resources, Usman Yahaya made the appeal while declaring open the Public Enlightenment Programme on Sanitation and Planning in an industrial area, organized by the Kogi Built Environment and Building Materials (BEBM) Exhibition, a Non Governmental Organization (NGO), in partnership with Ministry and Dangote Cement Factory, held at Obajana, yesterday.
The commissioner noted that Obajana, Oyo, Apata and Iwa communities hosting the largest cement company in Africa are presently witnessing fast growth in population as well as infrastructural advancement stressing that the inhabitants must change their habits for the better, especially as it affects proper planning and sound sanitation in order to justify the gains of establishing the giant industry in the zone.
In its bid to ensure the cleanliness of all the hosting communities of the cement company, the commissioner disclosed that the state government on its part would provide a good number of public toilets this year to all the nooks and crannies of the industrial area to improve on the sanitary condition.
“As you know government alone cannot tackle the maintenance of sanitary environment. It must be shared between government and the people. Government also is ready to encourage private public partnership arrangement to ensure that wastes are properly handled in our society”, Commissioner stated.
“ The state government will not relent in monitoring the activities of the Dangote Cement Company through private public partnership means to prevent the hazards of toxic wastes capable of causing air pollution so as to protect the good heath of residents around the industrial area” the commissioner further assured.
Dr. Olusegun Obaje of the Specialist Hospital, Lokoja, in his counseling on health issue during the sensitization programme, blamed the poor condition of most people's health to inability of them observing basic hygiene in their living environment.
He advised the people to always imbibe the spirit of cleanliness in their personality, environment, houses and surrounding “Make sure that you keep your houses and surrounding clean, don't live with mosquitoes, don't breed rats/cockroaches, don't hesitate to provide toilets in your homes and above all don't build close to the factory or embark on construction of illegal structures”
Dr Obaje also counseled the people on the danger of the constant Lassa fever out break in parts of Nigeria which has led to the untimely deaths of innocent citizens in recent times with a warning that they should try as much as possible to avoid rats having access to their living homes “Rat has been discovered to be the main causes of Lassa fever if it has contact with our food. Try to device means of getting rats killed physically or prevent from entering your houses'
In a paper presented by the publisher of The Nigerian Post Community Newspaper, Mr. Michael Abuh, Titled ‘Preparing Obajana and Neighbouring Communities for population challenge as a result of location of Africa largest cement company in the zone”, the publisher described effective planning and improvement on sanitation situation in the industrial communities as a total failure and woeful.
He said the industrial zones needed proper planning and restructuring so as to meet the increasing population demands for the provision of basic infrastructure such as potable water, roads, hospitals and educational institutions.
Abuh maintained that Dangote Cement Company on its part has not done enough in its social responsibility to the host communities and urged the management of the factory to intensify efforts to address the shortcomings.
The Bajana 111 of Obajana in Oworo District of Lokoja Local Government Area, Kogi state, His Royal Highness, Oba Idowu Isenibi(JP), who spoke on behalf of other traditional rulers at the event, said that the sensitization program is a welcome development that would further assist in attracting more investors to come and invest in the area.
He thanked the organizers for the gesture with assurance that they as royal fathers will impress on their subjects to show improvement on their planning and sanitary conditions.
Government officials drawn from Kogi state Town Planning Board, Environmental Protection Board and Sanitation and Waste Management Board in their separate Goodwill messages dwelt mainly on the effective use of land to ensure comfort, industrial harmony, functionability of any situation, beauty environment and equitable allocation of resources amongst others.
They attributed the success of every humanbeing and beyond to proper planning and execution appealing to all and sundry to embrace the gesture.
LONDON: Last year turned out to be a disappointing one for new drug approvals with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration clearing just 22 new medicines for sale, the lowest number since 2010 and sharply down on 2015's tally of 45.
Across the Atlantic, the European Medicines Agency recommended 81 new prescription products against a 2015 total of 93. Unlike the FDA, the EMA includes generic drugs in its list.
The slowdown suggests the pharmaceuticals industry may be returning to more normal productivity levels after a spike in approvals in 2014 and 2015, when the haul of new drugs reaching the market hit a 19-year high.
Several factors led to the fall in the approval rate in 2016, John Jenkins, the FDA's director of the office of new drugs, told a conference last month.
Notably, five new drugs that had been scheduled for approval in 2016 ended up winning an early green light at the end of 2015. There was also a decline in drugs being filed for approval and the FDA rejected or delayed more applications in 2016 than in the previous two years.
Some of the delayed drugs may yet go on to win approval in 2017, including Roche's multiple sclerosis treatment Ocrevus and Sanofi and Regeneron's sarilumab for rheumatoid arthritis.
Most industry executives remain upbeat about the hunt for new medicines, given recent advances in fighting cancer and an improved understanding of the genetic basis of other diseases, which has resulted in full development pipelines at many firms.
But it remains challenging to get new drugs through the approval process and to secure a decent financial return once they are launched, given resistance from healthcare insurers and governments to the rising cost of medical treatment.
According to consultancy Deloitte, returns on research and development investment at the top 12 pharmaceutical companies fell to just 3.7 percent in 2016 from a high of 10.1 percent in 2010.
Increasing political pressure over the high prices of many modern medicines is a growing challenge at a time when biotech and pharma companies are developing more drugs targeted at niche patient populations.
The issue is exemplified by the last drug to win FDA approval in 2016. Spinraza, from Biogen and Ionis Pharmaceuticals, is the first medicine to treat patients with spinal muscular atrophy, a rare and often fatal genetic disease. It comes at a huge cost of US$125,000 per dose.
That price, implying a total cost of US$625,000 to US$750,000 for patients in the first year and US$375,000 in subsequent years, is likely to invite "a storm of criticism, up to and including Presidential tweets", according to Leerink analysts.
President-elect Donald Trump has vowed to bring down drug prices.
For a graphic on U.S. FDA drug approvals, click: http://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/rngs/USA-DRUGS/01M0110L20G/USA-DRUGS-01.jpg
(Editing by Louise Heavens)
COLOMBO (Reuters) - Sri Lanka are keen to visit Pakistan in September, potentially becoming the first high-profile team to tour the country which has played most of its home international matches in the United Arab Emirates in the last eight years due to security situation.
Gunmen attacked a bus carrying Sri Lankan players in Lahore in 2009, wounding six players, and killing six security staff and two civilians.
Pakistan has since been largely starved of international cricket, apart from a short visit by Zimbabwe in 2015.
Their full series against Sri Lanka in the UAE may see the return of international cricket on home soil.
"I am keen to take my team to Pakistan," Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) President Thilanga Sumathipala said at the Asian Cricket Council's annual general meeting in Colombo.
"We have had our security experts visit and make an assessment, and things look positive with things improving all over the country and especially Lahore being cleared.
"We have three T20 games coming up against Pakistan in September and we would like to play at least one of those games in Lahore."
The International Cricket Council also wants to support the tour of a World XI to Pakistan next month, subject to security clearance, for a three-match T20 series to help revive international cricket in the country.
Sumathipala called for support for Pakistan from the Asian neighbours.
"I call upon each one of you as members to play your role and give Pakistan the security of your support," he added.
"There is always risk - there were two attacks in London during the Champions Trophy - but cricket continued under the security assurances of the ICC, so likewise we too must be as accommodating and understanding as possible with our members and extend our fullest support to them as the cricketing family of Asia."
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
With nearly 50 one- and two-year career degree and certificate programs, Johnson County Community College not only prepares students for their futures, but also commits itself to giving them the tools they need to make career-minded decisions throughout their educational journeys.
Enter JCCC's Career Development Center. With many soon-to-be graduates pursuing new opportunities, both students and employers can take advantage of the College's career resources.
Student Career Services
For many students, college is a time of discovery; a time to uncover interests and pursue new opportunities. When it comes to making transformative educational and career decisions, such as selecting a major or accepting a first job, JCCC's Career Development Center is poised to lend advice, resources and more on the following topics:
Investigating majors and careers: With the help of a Career Development Center advisor, students can find out information about JCCC's programs, and discover potential jobs related to various areas of study. For students looking for further clarity, JCCC offers experiential learning opportunities, including informational interviews, job shadowing and service learning, so students can gain real-world experience.
With the help of a Career Development Center advisor, students can find out information about JCCC's programs, and discover potential jobs related to various areas of study. For students looking for further clarity, JCCC offers experiential learning opportunities, including informational interviews, job shadowing and service learning, so students can gain real-world experience. Crafting educational action plans: After selecting a major, the Career Development Center can help students map out the requirements for their degree or certificate, as well as create a program plan that accounts for a transfer, if necessary.
After selecting a major, the Career Development Center can help students map out the requirements for their degree or certificate, as well as create a program plan that accounts for a transfer, if necessary. Finding internships and jobs: JCCC has a free job posting database – JobLinks – managed by the Career Development Center. Job and internship seekers can visit this one-stop shop to view current openings.
JCCC has a free job posting database – JobLinks – managed by the Career Development Center. Job and internship seekers can visit this one-stop shop to view current openings. Assisting with interviews, resumes and cover letters: Students are encouraged to bring drafts of their resumes and cover letters to the Career Development Center for review – no appointment necessary. And when it comes to interviews, practice makes perfect. Students have access to an online system aimed at improving interview skills, and can also participate in mock interviews.
These resources and more help JCCC students graduate with confidence knowing they possess the skills for lifelong career success.
Employer Recruitment Services
According to a ManPowerGroup survey, 40 percent of employers in the U.S. have difficulty filling jobs. That's why JCCC is committed to making it easy for companies in the KC region and beyond to discover qualified and career-ready candidates.
Have a job opening? There are several ways to alert JCCC students and alumni:
JobLinks SM for Employers: The same portal students use to find jobs is the portal employers use to post jobs. It's free and simple – just follow these instructions.
The same portal students use to find jobs is the portal employers use to post jobs. It's free and simple – just follow these instructions. Career Development Center Job Posting: Openings are posted for one month in the Career Development Center office, featured on two campus job boards and forwarded to the appropriate academic programs to post for their students.
Employers can also help cultivate talent by participating in JCCC's intern development program, a partnership between the employer, the college and the student.
JCCC's shadowing program is another option for employers looking to support a JCCC student's career exploration, while promoting the company to potential future employees.
Set Your Tomorrow into Motion
Creating a stronger workforce starts with teaching students valuable career skills. JCCC's Career Development Center helps make this happen. Learn more at http://www.jccc.edu/student-resources/counseling/career/.
Anna Junker, Postmedia Aug 14, 2017
A former Calgary-area teacher is stuck in a tangle of red tape in Scotland, unable to teach abroad while returning to Canada would mean leaving her new family behind.
Heather Cattanach, a former Strathmore teacher originally from Vancouver, has been in the United Kingdom since 2015. She found a job as a teacher in Forres, Scotland and also met her now-husband Gary and in the summer of 2016. The two then began to look into visa options for Cattanach with her working visa set to expire in January 2017.
To remain in Scotland, she needed a sponsorship from her employer, but a series of legal entanglements left her in an immigration limbo.
Now she faces an uncertain future, caught between layers and layers of visa red tape.
"I am fully capable and keen to support my family but because of rules and regulations, I am forced into a position of feeling helpless. I feel like the U.K. has imprisoned me, I don't have the right to free movement and I am not allowed to work. I feel stuck," said Cattanach in an email.
After initially being turned down by the council — the equivalent of a Canadian school board — she finally won sponsorship approval, but it was too late.
"In order for the council to sponsor me, I needed to prove I was the only applicant to apply. I had six months since I was hired to apply for my Tier 2 working visa," said Cattanach.
By the time Cattanach finally received the confirmation from council they would sponsor her, it was past the six-month deadline for applying for the working visa.
Her subsequent application for a human rights visa, which stressed it would be inhumane to separate herself and Gary because of how close she has become with his two young children, was not submitted in time.
A letter from the Home Office, the equivalent of Canadian Immigration and Citizenship, said there was no flexibility after missing the window.
"As Ms. Cattanach did not submit her application in time and before her last period of leave expired, the conditions of that leave will not continue for her and she is not allowed to work," said the letter.
"Furthermore, we are only able to expedite an application if there are extremely extenuating or compassionate circumstances such as the death of a loved one and evidence has to be provided to support this. Therefore we are unable to expedite Ms Cattanach's application as she does not meet the criteria."
Once she received that letter, Cattanach had to stop working immediately and has been out of work for six and a half months. She continues to be tangled up in red tape, with the Home Office still in possession of her passport, which expired in June.
"They will give me my passport but then they will cancel my visa application," said Cattanach, who would then have to return home to Canada, leaving her family status in a frightening limbo.
For Cattanach, the experience has been both financially and emotionally draining, having to miss being with family during hard times.
As of last week, the government switched her visa application to a spousal visa, which could take anywhere from six weeks to six months for approval.
ajunker@postmedia.com
On Twitter: @JunkerAnna
A place steeped in so much history it needed a self-guided tour just to cover it all.
It's called Stroll Through History and it's bringing the past to life in Boyne City.
Michelle Dunaway and chief photojournalist Corey Adkins take us along for a tour in this week's Northern Michigan in Focus.
Charming, quaint and beautiful are some of the words you'll hear when you listen to people describe downtown Boyne City.
“We moved here 20 years ago and the thing that really struck us is just driving down Water Street, and just immediately we felt like we were home. It has just such a homey, I don't know what it is, but everybody is super friendly. It's such a tight-knit community,” says Kecia Freed, Stroll Through History.
You can also add historic to that lists.
“The history of the town, I was surprised to find out and learn it was just a booming downtown industrial center around the turn of the century. Big lumber industry, but they also had major chemical plants, and brickyards, and pig iron and, of course, the lumber mills brickyards, and they even had a cigar factory here, just all kinds of stuff,” explains Freed.
Almost every building you see has ties to the past and Boyne City Main Street has come up with a way all you history buffs can learn these stories. It's called Stroll Through History and it's all free.
“We put together a self-guided walking tour of the downtown historic district, or at least of the downtown buildings, so there are 52 locations. So, we made these brochures and there's also an audio description of each location. The brochure has a map in it and each location is on the map, then you can page through and we've tried to include photos of what the original building look like that or what was there before that building,” says Freed.
Like the Dilworth Hotel, once called The Wolverine, or the Old Masonic Temple.
And yes, there is an app for that!
“You can download this free app from iTunes and listen to the audio descriptions of each location on your phone as you go around,” explains Freed.
A fun way for technology to take you on a trip back in history to Boyne City's roots.
“I hope that they would get the same way I felt when we moved here in just a Lean how much was here. I mean, it's so cool and it opens your eyes and suddenly you're looking at everything differently and trying to imagine what it must've been like, it's almost enchanting to feel that way.”
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
First of its kind. Now you can explore Cape Town's best venues and get a free on arrival. Forget about buy one, get one free, with Clink you buy none and get one free! All you have to do is download the awesome new app, Clink, which is available for both Apple and Android devices.
Everyone who downloads Clink can enjoy a 7-day free trial. That means 7 drinks on us! If you enjoy the concept of getting to know your city with a free drink a day, then you can become a Clink member. Membership to Clink is the cost of 2 drinks. That's right, for R90 per month you get over R1300 worth of drinks!
How Clink works
When you open the app, you will see a list view of Clink venues. Currently there are over 40 Cape Town venues. All the Clink venues are sorted by distance from you, so you can always find your nearest venue first. Simply choose a venue, browse their free drinks on offer, go to venue and claim your free drink.
Clink Venues
The list of participating venues is growing all the time and already includes some of the best spots in town, such as:
Persies Tavern
Van Hunks
Black Irish
Botany Gin & Bubbles
Copper Club Eatery – Tygerwaterfront and Newlands
Café Roux
Fat Cactus – Gardens, Woodstock and Mowbray
Orphanage Cocktail Emporium
Nomad Bistro
President Hotel
Slug & Lettuce Long Street
The Mash Tun
The Village Bistro – Durbanville and Paarl
The Stud Burger & Saloon
Trenchtown
Therapy Restaurant
The Royal Oak
The Beach Tavern
The Dry Dock
Café Obrigado
Forex Bar
Inside on the Greens
La Bella Rosa
Casa Woodstock
Driftwood Café
EJ's Strand
Lighthouse on Loxton
El Mariachi
Sangrita Arcade
Peacock Indian Fusion
Portuguese Taverna
Saul's Grill
Remex Mexican
Bombshelter Brewery
And more….
You can explore awesome spots all around the city or you could go back to the same venue each day for another free drink, even if you're not the type to explore your options you're still winning with Clink
Referral
You can also share your unique code with friends in exchange for up to three months of free drinks.
Gift Vouchers
Why not give the gift of 365 drinks to someone special for 50% of the cost of normal Clink membership? That's right, for just R540 you can buy someone a free drink every day for a year! Go to https://theclinkapp.com/gift-voucher/
The links:
Website: www.theclinkapp.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/clinkapp
Download: http://onelink.to/gxpt9p
How to videos: https://theclinkapp.com/how-to-videos
India versus Bangladesh has never been much of a rivalry as the Men in Blue had largely dominated meetings between the two sides.
The most famous and important victory for Bangladesh came in the 2007 World Cup when they shocked India and facilitated the latter's ouster from the tournament.
The rivalry became serious during the 2015 World Cup with Bangladesh crying foul at some 'controversial' umpiring decisions during their loss to India in the quarter-finals.
Things took a nasty turn after Bangladesh's 2-1 ODI series victory at home against India in 2015 when a local newspaper printed a photo of the Indian batsmen with their heads half-shaved to show the effects of pacer Mustafizur Rahman's cutters. There were reports of Indian superfan Sudhir Gautam being attacked at Mirpur during that series.
The Bangladeshi fans were then given a bad name again as a section of them chose to photoshop an image of bowler Taskin Ahmed holding the 'severed' head of India captain MS Dhoni ahead of the 2016 Asia Cup final in Bangladesh. The photo went viral on social media and caused considerable bad blood between the fans of the two countries. The move backfired spectacularly for Bangladesh as India romped home to an eight-wicket victory to win the Asia Cup.
The two sides met again in the group stages of the 2016 World T20 which India won by just one run. That match at Bengaluru would be remembered for Bangladesh's spectacular collapse with three balls to go and two runs to win. It will also be remembered for Dhoni's stunning run out of Mustafizur off the last ball.
India goes into the semi-final clash in this year's Champions Trophy as favourites, but if their 'noisy' neighbours aspire to get into their first final of an ICC event, they will be relying on these five key players:
Tamim Iqbal
Bangladesh's leading run scorer in ODIs with 5,673 runs, Tamim Iqbal is among the greatest batsmen to play for the 'Tigers'. He is Bangladesh's top scorer in this tournament with 223 runs with scores of 128 and 95 against England and Australia respectively. On his day, the southpaw can decimate any bowling attack and Bangladeshi fans will be looking at their star opener to lead the attack against the mighty Indians on Thursday.
Shakib Al Hasan
In Shakib Al Hasan, Bangladesh has the world's best all rounder across all formats of the game. The 30-year-old is the most experienced player for the 'Tigers' along with captain Mashrafe Mortaza. His sparkling 114 off 115 balls against New Zealand, under pressure, helped Bangladesh qualify for the semi-finals from a group which also had England and Australia. His experience of playing with and against the Indian players in the Indian Premier League (IPL) will be crucial as Bangladesh look to book a place in their first Champions Trophy final.
Mahmudullah
After making his ODI debut in 2007, Mahmudullah has established himself as an integral part of the Bangladesh squad. The 31-year-old is a handy off-spinner and reliable batsman lower down the order. His record-breaking partnership of 224 runs with Shakib in the group stage encounter against New Zealand helped Bangladesh reach the semi-final of the 2017 Champions Trophy. His centuries against England and New Zealand in the 2015 World Cup shows that he has what it takes to deliver on the big stage.
Mustafizur Rahman
The left-arm medium pacer burst on to the ODI scene in 2015 with 13 wickets in his debut series when Bangladesh recorded their first ever series victory over India. Rahman became only the second bowler after Zimbabwean Brian Vitori to claim two five-fors in his first two ODIs. The 21-year-old's off-cutters troubled the Indian batsmen in that series and captain Mortaza will be relying on him to do the job once again.
Taskin Ahmed
Another bowler to watch out for is the right-arm pacer Taskin Ahmed. He picked 5/28 on his ODI debut against India and has formed a formidable partnership with fellow pacers Mustafizur and Rubel Hossain. In Taskin and Mustafizur, Bangladesh has a potent duo capable of restricting the in-form Indian openers Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan.
With Pakistan awaiting the winner of the semi-final clash between India and Bangladesh, the 'Tigers' would want these five stars to shine and lead them to their first ICC tournament final.
For the latest updates from ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Click Here
ARSENAL boss Unai Emery has been backed to complete the signings of Stephan Lichtsteiner and Sokratis Papastathopoulos.
Former Gunners striker Kevin Campbell believes the duo will bring much-needed experience to the side. Arsenal struggled last season, only managing a sixth place finish in the Premier League, a massive 37 points behind champions Manchester City. That saw the end of Arsene Wenger's 22-year reign at the Emirates as he was replaced by Emery. But Campbell thinks Lichtsteiner and Papastathopoulos would be the perfect pair to bring in this summer. “They need experience and toughness,” he told ESPN FC.
GETTY Arsenal transfer news: Stephan Lichtsteiner is expected to move to the Gunners
Arsenal transfer targets: 10 players that could sign for new manager Unai Emery WHO are the Arsenal transfer targets that could sign now that new manager Unai Emery has been installed? 1 / 10 GETTY Ever Banega - No player has played more times for Emery than the 200 appearances racked up by the Argentinian midfielder across both Sevilla and Valencia. Would be a great reinforcement
“They need experience and toughness” Ex-Arsenal forward Kevin Campbell “Because that is everything that Arsenal has lacked. “That experience and that toughness and being able to go away and grind out a victory at one of your rivals, Arsenal haven't done that in years. “So that type of experience and knowledge is key.”
GETTY Arsenal transfer news: Sokratis Papastathopoulos is also set to move to the Gunners
Lichtsteiner is set to leave Juventus as he is out of contract and could move to Arsenal on a free transfer. Borussia Dortmund centre-back Papastathopoulos is reportedly close to a switch to the Gunners with a £16m move likely to be confirmed this week. Lichtsteiner made 32 appearances for Serie A champions Juventus last campaign, as the Old Lady won a domestic treble.
In the 1990s, a federal judge barred him from performing under his former band's name. Otis Williams, the band's lone original member, sued Edwards for trademark infringement after he had used variations that included "The New Temptations." He was allowed to use "The Temptations Review featuring Dennis Edwards," and performed under that name for nearly two decades, according to Roberts.
Just as pinwheels whir in the wind, creating blue and silver spirals in front of the Sheridan County Courthouse and Sheridan High School, Sheridanites whir into action to stop child abuse from affecting families in the community.
Wyoming recorded 1,077 unique cases of child abuse in 2015, and an estimated 1,750 children died from child abuse and neglect in the United States in 2016. Children advocacy centers like Sheridan's Compass Center for Families, as well as students partnering with children through various programs, help Sheridan push prevention.
Taylin Maxwell and her family serve as some of those prevention pushers, working on the front lines as a foster family.
“We have seen kids come in with all different cases of child abuse, from neglect to actual (physical) abuse to emotional,” Maxwell said.
She learned the signs of child abuse and neglect early on — noticing physical marks on a child or a distant or clingy child, a sign of emotional abuse. Growing up with foster siblings that suffered from child abuse has helped Maxwell pick up on abnormalities in her job at the YMCA.
Maxwell said each child entering her home becomes family, and because of the impact her foster siblings have had on her life, Maxwell wrote every name she could remember on an individual blue and silver pinwheel staked into the front lawn at Sheridan High School Friday morning.
The blue and silver pinwheels have represented the national symbol for child abuse prevention since 2008 through Prevent Child Abuse America.
Sheridan County joins in the Pinwheels for Prevention cause, bringing awareness to child abuse prevention efforts in the county.
Sheridan High School student Kelly Moodry organized an individual event at the high school one day after the county-wide event at the courthouse.
Maddy Estes volunteers for the Big Brothers Big Sisters program in Sheridan. She never experienced child abuse firsthand but believes it is commonplace in the program.
“That's why some people become a Big,” Estes said, “so that they can make a change in other kids' lives and make it different for them maybe because it wasn't like that for themselves.”
Estes appreciated the training in how to detect child abuse before matching with her Little. Not only does BBBS teach participants how to identify possible abuse, it trains them on what to do in those situations.
Compass Center for Families in Sheridan works on the other side of the spectrum in hopes at alleviating child abuse through education for the parents.
Compass does this by implementing protective factors.
The five protective factors — parental resilience, social connections, concrete support in times of need, knowledge of parenting and child development and social and emotional competence of children — are the foundation of the “Strengthening Families Approach.” The factors, if established well, create strong families, positive environments and promote optimal child and youth development.
“Compass uses this information about protective factors to inform our programs and frames how we work with families,” said Susan Carr, executive director of Compass. “With our programming, we are always reflecting on what our goals are — successful families and healthy children — and determining if we are doing that through the lens of the strengthening families framework.”
Compass began implementing protective factors after learning about them from a community conversation hosted by Jennifer Davis of the Wyoming Children's Trust Fund last year at the Sheridan County Fulmer Public Library.
“When I heard the information presented, my brain just exploded with ideas of how it could help us make much more forward progress with our families,” Carr said. “It is a goal to make true and lasting change, and this framework just spoke to me in a way that I never had happened before.”
More than 30 states are shifting policy, funding and training to build protective factors with families. Strengthening Families is coordinated by the Center for the Study of Social Policy and supported by several other national partner organizations.
“We recognized last year that many families didn't know what questions to ask or where to go, and we thought we should be doing a better job or supporting families to learn new skills in advocating for themselves,” Carr said.
“We started making sure we were checking in with each family several times a month just to see how they were doing. These informal case management sessions allowed us to build better rapport with families and helped them recognize their own strengths and abilities that maybe they hadn't been able to identify before.”
Through education, awareness and early detection, the community continues its push for child abuse prevention.
SINGAPORE: Singapore and Switzerland are not competitors when it comes to the development of financial technology (fintech) and with both countries being small financial hubs, it is important to cooperate, said Swiss Finance Minister Ueli Maurer.
Mr Maurer was speaking to Channel NewsAsia after his tour of Lattice80 – a not-for-profit fintech hub located along Robinson Road – on Tuesday (Apr 18). The minister is in Singapore as part of a week-long trip in Asia and was leading a 20-member delegation, which comprised of representatives from the Swiss banking industry.
“It is important to have good relationships and today is a step to network between the two countries… I think it is important that small countries (which) are important financial centres have this network and understand the need to cooperate,” he said.
“We are not competitors (and) we can cooperate together.”
Last year, the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) and the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (Finma) signed a cooperation agreement to foster greater cooperation on fintech.
Mr Maurer noted that Singapore's fintech scene is on a “high level” and there are learning points for Switzerland, such as in the case of consumer protection. “We are a little bit not in the same speed as you… but I think we can go step by step.”
The minister also noted that Singapore's fintech sector benefits from its close proximity to a big Asian market, and can act as a stepping stone into Asia for Swiss fintech start-ups. For Singapore firms looking to expand into Europe, Switzerland can similarly do the same.
Swiss Finance Minister Ueli Maurer listens to a presentation at Lattice80. (Photo: Tang See Kit)
“Singapore's fintech (sector) is on a high level and we have to learn from you… We can continue this sense of cooperation between Singapore and Switzerland,” Mr Maurer said.
Lattice80 is one of the organisations that the Swiss delegation is visiting during their time in Singapore. Launched in November 2016, more than 80 foreign and local fintech firms have taken up spaces at Lattice80, which is dubbed the world's largest fintech hub by Singapore-based private investment group Marvelstone.
Ms Gina Heng, co-founder of Lattice80 and CEO of Marvelstone Group, noted that European start-up founders are among those who have taken up residence at the fintech hub as they view Singapore as the first step for their ventures in Asia.
“They see this as a central location to kick-start their companies. There's good infrastructure and legal system, with a supportive government. We are also near to many countries which which makes it easier in terms of outreach,” she said.
A report by Deloitte dated September 2016 listed Singapore among the top fintech hubs globally, citing a business-friendly environment, adequate government support and access to expertise.
The report did not rank the 21 fintech hubs that were evaluated. Instead, it assessed the countries based on three main factors - the Global Innovation index, the Global Financial Centre index and the Doing Business index - and both Singapore and London scored the best score of 10. Switzerland scored 42, coming in behind Silicon Valley, New York and Hong Kong.
Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
GENEVA: Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
Tens of thousands of war-related fatalities among city dwellers accounted for 70 percent of civilian deaths in the two countries during the period, the agency said. The Yemeni cities of Taiz, Sadaa and Sanaa have also become deadly battlefields.
"This is all the more alarming as new offensives (against Islamic State militants) get under way in cities like Raqqa in Syria or intensify in Mosul, Iraq," said Robert Mardini, ICRC regional director for the Middle East.
"Taiz remains partly besieged just as daily air strikes and shelling continue to terrify residents," he told a news conference to launch an ICRC report called "I Saw My City Die".
The phenomenon is not limited to the Middle East, Mardini said. "We see also that many other conflicts are taking place in urban areas in other places such as Somalia and Afghanistan and other countries."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Battles raging in cities, which are "today the new normal unfortunately", damage vital infrastructure and disrupt basic services including health care, Mardini said.
"The impacts of warfare are quickly multiplied with exponential consequences. If a power line is hit, (there is) no water, no electricity, no waste water treatment. There are contamination outbreaks and massive challenges to run hospitals," he said.
Yemen's two-year civil war has been marked by a Saudi-led coalition carrying out massive air strikes to restore President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to power and end rule by the Iran-backed Houthi militia.
Yemen's health system has all but collapsed, compounded by a deadly outbreak of cholera, a water-borne disease that can kill within hours, the ICRC said.
"In the last 6 weeks, 1 in 200 Yemenis have contracted cholera while almost 1,000 have died. The outbreak has not seen its peak yet. It's just accelerating," Maria Del Pilar Bauza Moreno, ICRC health coordinator in Yemen, said by video from Sanaa.
More than 5,000 new cases of cholera were reported each day last week in Yemen, bringing the total to some 135,000. The ICRC has flown in four cargo planes with chlorine to treat water, as well as intravenous fluids to rehydrate patients.
"Cholera has found the perfect ground - deteriorated living conditions, poor hygiene behaviour, unsafe drinking water in most of the cities, collapsed sewage systems, and uncollected garbage everywhere," Bauza Moreno said.
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; editing by Mark Heinrich)
SYDNEY: An Australian report into child sex abuse on Monday recommended new laws to compel clergy to report sex abuse allegations they hear in religious confession.
Current laws in most Australian states uphold the confidentiality of the religious confession.
A government-sanctioned inquiry into child sex abuse said it heard that some perpetrators who confessed to sexually abusing children went on to reoffend and seek forgiveness again.
"Clergy should not be able to refuse to report because the information was received during confession," the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse said in a statement attached to the report on Monday.
"Persons in institutions should report if they know, suspect or should have suspected a child is being or has been sexually abused."
The government did not immediately respond to the report.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Royal Commission had previously heard that 7 percent of Catholic priests working in Australia between 1950 and 2010 were accused of child sex crimes and that close to 1,100 people filed child sexual assault claims against the Anglican Church over a 35-year period.
A royal commission is Australia's most powerful kind of government-appointed inquiry and can compel witnesses to give evidence and recommend prosecutions, but it does not make laws.
"Priests are able to say that they didn't have to divulge anything in confessional because of this privilege - this would change that," barrister Miiko Kumar, a legal academic at the University of Sydney, said of the commission's recommendation.
"It would make it absolutely clear that this should be an offence and a priest can't claim the privilege."
A similar rule, overriding the confessional privilege in Church law that prevents clerics from sharing information, was introduced in Ireland in 2012.
A spokeswoman for Australia's Catholic Church did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Michael Quinlan, a legal expert at Catholic University Notre Dame in Sydney, previously told the inquiry that confession is a sacrament "at the heart of the Catholic religious faith" and to change its legal status would undermine religious freedoms. (US$1=1.2661 Australian dollars)
(Reporting by Tom Westbrook; Editing by Michael Perry and Neil Fullick)
Tue, Feb 14: We're learning more about one of the flight instructors tragically killed in a plane crash west of Calgary. As Tracy Nagai reports, Jeffrey Bird was a father, and former member of the military.
The 25th annual Harvesters fashion show and luncheon Thursday kicked off a series of three fashion shows this week at South Coast Plaza's Pavillon special-events venue to help the Costa Mesa mall celebrate its 50th anniversary.
Twelve luxury designers were featured at the Harvesters show, benefiting Second Harvest Food Bank of Orange County.
The two other fashion events are the Harper's Bazaar show and party from 6:30 to 9:30 p.m. Friday and designer John Varvatos' fall and winter collection at 7 p.m. Saturday, followed by a concert and party.
For more information, visit southcoastplaza.com.
A RESORT owner was arrested for allegedly offering P20,000 to policemen in exchange for the release of two drug suspects.
Avon Ho, 49, was arrested inside the Parian Police Station at around 7 a.m. on Tuesday — about four hours after Crisreb Chavez and Sarah Rafols were arrested during a drug bust in Barangay Lorega San Miguel, Cebu City.
Ho is the friend of Chavez's mother Christine.
Sought for comment, Ho claimed she was requested by Christine to dangle money to the operatives in the hope that Chavez and Rafols would be released.
Investigators were conducting an investigation to determine whether or not they would also file charges against Christine.
A bribery complaint is being readied against Ho who is currently detained at the Parian Police Station.
Chief Insp. Kenneth Paul Albotra, commander of the Parian Police Station, warned those planning to bribe policemen not to even attempt to do so or they will face the consequences of their actions.
“This (Ho's arrest) serves as a lesson. You just can't buy the police. We are doing our job and we will really arrest anyone who tries to impede the administration of justice,” he said in an interview.
Parian police operatives conducted an operation in Barangay Lorega San Miguel that led to the arrest of six persons, including Chavez and Rafols, at past 3 a.m. on Tuesday.
Police seized 1.22 grams of shabu valued at P14,396 from the suspects.
They are facing charges for alleged violation of Republic Act 9165 or the Comprehensive Dangerous Drugs Act of 2002, particularly selling and possession of shabu.
The offense is non-bailable.
Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo's 10-year-old Amur tiger (Panthera tigris altaica), Changbai, gave birth on Nov. 25 to four tiger cubs, although only two survived. The two surviving cubs, both females, were removed from Changbai when she showed no interest in taking care of them. Both two-week-old cubs are in seclusion in the Zoo hospital, housed in a 90-degree ambient temperature enclosure, with a base warmed to 85 degrees to sustain the cubs' warmth.
“We are hand feeding the babies five times a day,” explained Zoo Director Gregg Dancho. “They are being given a feline milk replacement formula, supplemented with vitamins. They are a little underweight, possibly due to the age of their mother and the fact that there were four kittens in the litter.” Survival of the two remaining cubs is still a challenge. Zoo veterinarians and animal care staff are doing everything they can to get them through this critical time. It will be several more weeks before the cubs will be available for viewing by the public.
Zoo staff was aware of the tiger's pregnancy through fecal hormone testing, and had been keeping a 24-hour watch on Changbai for the past few weeks. A female tiger at the age of ten has only a twenty percent change of a successful pregnancy, so good husbandry and a quick response from the animal care team makes a difference. When Zoo staff saw the firstborn kitten unresponsive and that Changbai was disinterested in grooming or nursing the remaining kittens, a decision was made to remove them to begin feeding. A second kitten died later that night.
Zoo veterinarians and animal care staff are providing around the clock care and supervision for the remaining cubs. The two kittens' survival is an important step forward in maintaining the genetic diversity of Amur tigers worldwide, a critically endangered species that is rapidly disappearing from the wild. The kittens' survival to two weeks was a critical milestone, but it will be another few weeks before they can be considered out of danger.
Dancho said that every possible effort was being made to help the kittens survive.“The birth of these kittens brings a few more precious tigers to the population, which can help ensure the survival of these majestic animals for future generations.”
Bridgeport Mayor Joseph P. Ganim said, “The news of two tiger cubs born at our own Beardsley Zoo is very exciting. I have to commend the staff at the Zoo for all they do caring for the animals, and most recently, for providing the conditions that led to the miracle of these valuable baby cubs. If you didn't already have enough reason to visit Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo in Bridgeport, now you have two new very cute reasons.”
Amur tigers, also known as Siberian tigers, are very rare. According to the Association of Zoos and Aquariums' (AZA) statistics, today's tigers are thought to occupy less than seven percent of their original range. Threatened by habitat loss and degradation, poaching, tiger-human conflict, and loss of prey, four of nine subspecies have disappeared from the wild just in the past hundred years. The future of the Amur tiger has been a major concern of the world's zoos for many years.
All tigers now have protected status in the wild, but that doesn't guarantee their safety. A breeding program recommendation comes from the Species Survival Plan (SSP), administered by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums in accredited zoos. Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo is home to the parents, a male, Petya, and a female, Changbai, who joined the Zoo family last winter. Managed by the SSP, inter-regional transfers are arranged with careful attention to gene diversity in the hope that successful breeding will take place. Chang was sent to Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo as an excellent genetic match to the Zoo's resident male tiger.
Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo will provide update on the kittens' condition on its website and on Facebook.
About Amur tigers
The Amur, or Siberian tiger, is a rare subspecies of tiger, and the largest cat in the world. Adult male tigers can weigh up to 675 pounds, with females weighing up to 350 pounds. Chang is small for a female Amur tiger, weighing 297 pounds. Similar to people's fingerprints, no two tigers have the same striped pattern. Amur tigers differ from other tigers with fewer, paler stripes, and a mane that helps to keep them warm. They live in southeast Russia as well as small areas of China and North Korea. They live for 10-15 years in the wild, and up to 22 years in captivity.
About Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo
Connecticut's only zoo, celebrating its 95th anniversary this year, features 300 animals representing primarily North and South American species. Visitors can visit Amur (Siberian) tigers and leopard, Brazilian ocelot, Mexican wolves, and Golden Lion tamarins. Other highlights include the South American rainforest with free-flight aviary, the prairie dog exhibit with “pop-up” viewing areas, the New England Farmyard with goats, cows, pigs, sheep, and other barnyard critters, plus the hoofstock trail featuring bison, pronghorn, deer, and more. Guests can grab a bite at the Peacock Café, eat in the Picnic Grove, and enjoy a ride on the indoor carousel. For more information, visit beardsleyzoo.com.
We hate the phrase “T-Mobile Tuesdays,” but the carrier's latest offer is certainly worth some eyeballs: $4 tickets to the summer blockbuster Deadpool 2 for the company's legion of mobile subscribers.
The catch? You'll have to wait until May 15—the Tuesday in question—to score your tickets, which you'll first have to claim through T-Mobile's app (iOS, Android) and redeem in the Atom Tickets app (iOS, Android), all for a movie that starts screenings on May 17.
In other words, if you wait for T-Mobile's offer, you're going to be screwed for Deadpool 2's opening weekend unless you happen to live in a place where nobody sees the movies. (And if you do, are your local theaters even on Atom Tickets?)
That, or you're going to be stuck in some horrible seat because that's all that will be left: a coveted upper-right-corner seat in the theater, far away from the action, or the neck-destroying front row.
Advertisement
Pro tip: Just buy your Deadpool 2 ticket right now
Our advice? If you know you're going to see Deadpool 2 opening weekend, fire up Atom Tickets right now and grab however many seats you know you'll need. Don't worry about the price; this is just a land grab.
On May 15, when T-Mobile releases its offer, you'll want to go back into the app, cancel your purchase—which you can do up to 30 minutes before the movie starts for a full refund—and rebook those freed-up seats with your T-Mobile promo code (or however the carrier is getting you cheap seats).
This technique isn't foolproof. Someone else might beat you to the seats you gave up between the time it takes you to cancel your order and place a new order—a risk you're going to have to take for cheap seats.
Advertisement
When I tested the order-cancel-reorder process, Atom Tickets freed up my reserved seat as soon as I canceled my original order, so you'll want to be be quick about your re-buying, use two devices to cancel and reorder your coveted center seats ASAP, or do the entire process at some odd hour of the morning or night so nobody steals your seats.
Is this trick sneaky? Yes. Would Deadpool approve? Probably. Are you going to get prime center seating at a pretty popular movie for only $4? Here's hoping.
As the season progressed, Old Mill and Severna Park established themselves as the top two teams in the county and appeared to be poised to play multiple times late in the season.
On Tuesday, Round 1 went to the Patriots.
Sydney Faulcon scored 10 of her game-high 18 points in the fourth quarter to help Old Mill rally for a 44-35 victory over Severna Park. Old Mill (18-2) won its third straight regular-season county championship and is just one win away on Friday from a third straight unbeaten run through the county.
The Patriots scored just two points in the third quarter and trailed 27-25 heading to the fourth. After not shooting a single foul shot the first three quarters, they went 13 for 17 in the fourth to help seal the win.
"I didn't think it would be this way, but we were a little more nervous than I thought we would be," Old Mill coach Rick Smith said. "We should be ready for games like this, but I just felt like we weren't."
Severna Park (18-3) fell behind by as many as 12 points in the first half, but outscored the Patriots 16-2 over a 10 minute, 30 second spans of the second and third quarters and went into the fourth up by two.
That's when Faulcon took over.
The Patriots' 6-foot-2 sophomore center was able to get good positioning down low throughout the fourth. She hit a pair of free throws 45 seconds in to put the Patriots up by one, then after the Falcons went back ahead, she secured an offensive rebound and scored to put Old Mill up for good at the 6:30 mark. As Severna Park hung around, Faulcon scored six more points the rest of the way to help her team hang on.
"We were a lot more aggressive in the fourth quarter," said Faulcon, who added eight rebounds, three steals and three blocks. "We practice our free throws a lot, so we had confidence we were going to make our free throws."
Rebecca Lee added 11 points, 16 rebounds and four blocks. She went 5 for 7 from the line in the fourth after going scoreless since midway through the second.
"Our outside shots weren't going in as much, so we had to slow it down," Lee said. "Getting the fouls and making those foul shots was really important."
It was already established prior to the game that the teams would meet in Tuesday's county championship game at Arundel. As the top two teams in Section I of the Class 4A East Region, a third meeting is not out of the question.
"Now that we already played them, we can prepare and learn from our mistakes," Lee said.
Katie DeFeo battled through foul trouble and led the Falcons with 12 points and two rebounds. She scored all eight Severna Park points in the fourth.
"We played really well," Severna Park coach Lisa Magness said. "In the fourth quarter it came down to free throws and ball-handling and we didn't win that battle."
Caroline Duffy added nine points and eight rebounds for the Falcons, who are in the county championship game for the first time since 2002, which was Magness' senior year at Severna Park.
"We get them in seven days," Magness said. "We'll go back and review the film and see what we can tweak."
Sev. Park (18-3)510128-35Old Mill (18-2)1211219-44
Severna Park (35)
Davis 1 0-0 2; Ryan 2 2-5 6; Domshick 1(1) 1-2 4; Duffy 4(1) 0-0 9; DeFeo 6 0-1 12; Giblin 0 2-2 2; Spilker 0 0-0 0. TOTALS: 14(2) 5-10 35.
Old Mill (44)
Parker 1 1-2 3; Dailey 1 2-2 4; Hall 3(1) 1-2 8; Faulcon 7 4-4 18; Lee 3 5-7 11; Atkinson 0 0-0 0; Galloway 0 0-0 0; Bagnell 0 0-0 0. TOTALS: 15(1) 13-17 44.
Russian President Vladimir Putin met Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Cairo on Monday for talks on cooperation and tensions in the Middle East following Washington's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
CAIRO: Russian President Vladimir Putin met Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Cairo on Monday for talks on cooperation and tensions in the Middle East following Washington's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Putin's visit reflects growing ties between Russia and Egypt, the second largest recipient of U.S. military aid after Israel and a strategic U.S. partner in the Middle East because of its control of the Suez Canal.
Putin, who is due to fly to Turkey after Cairo, briefly visited a Russian base in Syria before arriving in Egypt and ordered Russian forces to start withdrawing from Syria after a two-year military campaign.
Putin and Sisi are expected to sign bilateral agreements, including one for Egypt's Dabaa nuclear power plant, and to discuss resumption of Russian flights to Egypt as soon as possible, a presidential spokesman told MENA state news agency.
Moscow halted civilian air traffic to Egypt in 2015 after militants bombed a Russian Metrojet flight leaving from the tourist resort of Sharm el-Sheikh, killing 224 people onboard.
The high-level Russian visit comes after the U.S. government in August decided to deny Egypt US$95.7 million in aid and to delay another US$195 million because of its failure to make progress on human rights and democratic norms.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Patrick Markey; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
For months, one lone Weezer fan has been begging for a cover of Toto's "Africa". Why? Because it would be awesome!
Now, just last week, Weezer responded to @WeezerCoverAfrica. However it wasn't exactly the response he or she had been hoping for. Instead, the band gave an epic rendition of Toto's "Roseanna".
Video of Weezer - Rosanna
In what might be the most epic and elaborate trolling session, Weezer left fans in agony, still hoping to hear "Africa".
Good news! Weezer recorded a version of "Africa" too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now, they didn't make of whole lot of changes to the song. It's a little more rock-ish. Have a listen for yourself...
Getty Images
The Eagles hope to be celebrating a big win on Sunday and a former member of the team is celebrating his election to the Hall of Fame on Saturday.
Mike Klis of KUSA reports that Brian Dawkins was voted into the Hall in his second year of eligibility.
The safety entered the NFL as a second-round pick of the Eagles in 1996 and played for the Eagles through the 2008 season. He then moved on to three years with the Broncos before retiring after the 2011 season.
Dawkins was named a first-team All-Pro four times during his career and finished his career with 37 interceptions, 26 sacks, 36 forced fumbles and 19 fumble recoveries. Those numbers speak to the impact that Dawkins made over the course of a career defined by his ability to play both the run and pass as well as any player at his position.
Dawkins, who now works for the Eagles, will be part of the same class as former Philly teammate Terrell Owens.
A new interchange at Macleod Trail and 162 Avenue South opened on Sunday, but the city says its unique design may take some getting used to.
“Please don't be on your phone or texting when you're going through here the first time,” said Mac Logan, General Manger of Transportation for the City of Calgary. “Watch the road markings, pay close attention to the traffic lights and you'll start to get to flow.”
READ MORE: Macleod Trail divergent diamond interchange project hits major milestone
The project is Canada's first Diverging Diamond Interchange, and the city acknowledges it may seem strange for some drivers at first. While travelling through the interchange, traffic crosses briefly onto the opposite side of Macleod Trail.
“The only weird thing about it is there's an intersection on either side and when you cross through the intersection onto the green, you very briefly end up driving on the left side of the road, so you feel like you're in England,” Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi said.
The city has produced the following animation to help explain how the interchange works.
The city hopes the new interchange will improve traffic flow through the area. Logan says until now, this intersection has been a troublesome bottleneck.
READ MORE: Calgary to construct innovative interchange on Macleod Trail
“The Macleod-162 was probably the biggest delay along Macleod Trail south of, say, Chinook Mall. The southbound queues were at least a kilometre long in the afternoon and the northbound queue was a kilometre long in the morning… any kind of accident could double those back ups.”
In total, 100,000 cars are expected to travel through the interchange every day. The cost of the project was $78 million; $13 million more than the city originally estimated. Construction will not be completely finished on the interchange until later this fall, and a 50km/hr speed limit will remain in effect until then.
Last year Blizzard made what I felt was a huge mistake in scrapping the Battle.net brand, which gamers have associated with properties like StarCraft and Diablo for decades. The company has now reversed that decision, in what can only be a humble acknowledgment of my wisdom in these matters.
“The technology was never going away, but after giving the branding change further consideration and also hearing your feedback, we're in agreement that the name should stay as well,” the company wrote today in a blog post.
The reasoning in 2016 was that there was “occasional confusion and inefficiencies” from Blizzard, the game development company, and Battle.net, the game launcher and matchmaking service, having different names.
I'm pretty sure that wasn't actually a problem then, and I don't think there's one now. But probably to throw a bone to the marketing manager who suggested this ill-advised course of action in the first place, the service will now be known as “Blizzard Battle.net.”
Zug zug, but we'll all still just call it Battle.net. Hopefully forever.
Pier 39 turned 39 years old this year & has been celebrating with 39 weeks of events throughout the 2017. On Saturday October 14 they'll be celebrating their golden birthday.
Starting at 5 PM there will be roving glow-in-the-dark entertainment, DJs, a silent disco, live music, and fireworks at 9 PM.
For more, head to Pier39.com.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Venezuelan opposition lawmakers on Wednesday said security forces used excessive violence during a raid to capture protesters in a sprawling middle-class apartment complex carried out after officers came under fire.
CARACAS: Venezuelan opposition lawmakers on Wednesday said security forces used excessive violence during a raid to capture protesters in a sprawling middle-class apartment complex carried out after officers came under fire.
Videos taken during the raid show an armoured truck smashing through the gates of the Los Verdes complex, in an operation that Interior Minister Nestor Reverol said resulted in the capture of 23 people who had been involved in attacks on security forces.
"These subjects were involved in violent acts in which several officials were injured by gun fire," Reverol said, describing clashes at a barricade close to the apartments as the trigger for the raid.
Los Verdes is located in a Caracas neighbourhood that has been the site of almost nightly clashes over two months since protests broke out against government restrictions on the opposition and chronic shortages of basic consumer goods.
With at least 68 killed since April, the increasing intensity of protests and the government response has led some to warn that Venezuela risks descending into deeper political violence.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The government calls violent protesters "terrorists" who want to overthrow President Nicolas Maduro, and says that acts including attacks on police, the burning of vehicles and a looting and arson attack on a court building this week delegitimize their cause.
Dozens of car windows were smashed and at least 12 elevators broken during the operation on Los Verdes, said a Reuters witness at the site on Wednesday. One resident said an agent shot her dog in the eye.
"They are mafia criminals armed by the government," said opposition lawmaker Tomas Guanipa, describing as "vandalism" the government action at the complex, which houses some 4,500 people.
Small protests and clashes rumbled on in several parts of Caracas and other cities on Wednesday, with security forces firing tear gas to clear a roadblock in a wealthy part of the capital and protesters burning a car.
Reverol said two people were killed in an accident when one motorcycle hit another after turning back from an opposition barricade on Wednesday.
The opposition street movement has been fanned by Maduro's plan for July 30 elections for a special assembly to rewrite the constitution, which critics say are stacked in the government's favour and will result in the opposition-controlled congress being dissolved.
The opposition is determined to stop the vote, calling instead for a presidential election. In a sign of how heated rhetoric has become, opposition lawmakers warn the situation could descend into armed conflict if protesters are not heard.
"If this government insists on going ahead, the world needs to know, sadly, what is coming here is a major war for the Venezuelans," said lawmaker Juan Requesens at a sit-in protest blocking a Caracas highway on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Diego Ore; Editing by Leslie Adler)
On May 22 a terror attack killed 22 people and injured dozens more at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England. After tweeting that she was "broken," Grande called off the next few stops of her Dangerous Woman tour. But she soon returned to Manchester to raise money for the bombing victims and their families. When she announced it, she posted a statement on Twitter saying she would not let hate get in the way of providing a "safe space" for her fans. Melvin Benn, managing director of the concert's producer, Festival Republic, told Billboard that Grande "was very traumatized after the attack, but it was very important to her to support the victims and show a level of defiance that stands up to this bloodlust and ambivalence towards innocent individuals and tells the terrorists that they are not going to stop us."
Just as she was wrapping up her tour, which she returned to after the benefit concert, Grande got emotional as she opened up to Coveteur about the impact the bombing had on her—and why she insisted on returning to the tour regardless. "I don't think I've been through anything as traumatic as [what] we've been through," she said as her voice cracked and she blinked back tears. "So…[tour] can be a lot.... Calling it off and going home was not an option. The message of the show was too important. For the crew and everyone involved, it's become more than just a show for us. We are really grateful to be here and really grateful for this show."
After her last performance in Hong Kong, however, she planned to take a step back and focus on her own well-being. "I think what I'm probably going to do [after the tour] is check in on my health," she said.
The benefit concert in Manchester , which included Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber, and Katy Perry, raised over $13 million to help people recover from the attack. "I want to thank you so much for coming together and being strong," Grande told her fans at the event. "I love you guys so much, and I think the kind of love and unity you're displaying is the medicine the world needs right now."
Royal Canadian Legion Branch 56 in Port Colborne will be taking time next Friday to remember those who served in the Dieppe Raid during the Second World War.
Bob Saracino, second vice-president of Branch 56, described the raid as a battle that taught a valuable lesson and started the ball rolling toward D-Day in 1944, but at a frightful price.
The Dieppe Raid took place 75 years ago on Aug. 19 and involved nearly 5,000 Canadian troops, of which only 2,210 returned to England, many of whom were wounded. Saracino said 907 Canadians lost their lives as a result of the raid.
He said although there is controversy surrounding the Dieppe Raid, he wants to recognize those who fought and sees the day as important because of how it affected the war from that point forward.
The Legion will be having a short ceremony at King George Park, on Clarence Street at Catharine Street, on Aug. 18 at 11:30 a.m., the day before the anniversary of the raid. The public is invited to attend.
Saracino said he will share about the raid and there will be a wreath laying with the colour guard on site.
He said he is looking into whether any Port Colborne residents took part in the battle. While there are a couple names that popped into his head, he wants to confirm the two men did indeed participate in the raid before announcing anything. Should they prove to have been a part of the raid, they will be recognized at the ceremony.
lbarton@postmedia.com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
The Nintendo Switch has been a massive success for Nintendo, shipping nearly 15 million units to date and outselling the lifetime sales of the Wii U in less than a year. Nintendo has always worried about the system's security — the company has refused to provide backup options for saved games because it's terrified the capability will be abused by hackers. Now, the entire point is moot. Every single Switch ever shipped has a flaw that Nintendo literally can't patch out of the system.
According to the hacker team ReSwitched, their attack Fusée Gelée, is:
[A] coldboot vulnerability that allows full, unauthenticated arbitrary code execution from an early bootROM context via Tegra Recovery Mode (RCM) on NVIDIA's Tegra line of embedded processors. As this vulnerability allows arbitrary code execution on the Boot and Power Management Processor (BPMP) before any lock-outs take effect, this vulnerability compromises the entire root-of-trust for each processor, and allows exfiltration of secrets e.g. burned into device fuses.
Translation: Katherine Temkin and her team have found the keys to the kingdom. However Nintendo may address this in the future, there's no fixing the Switches that have already shipped — because the vulnerability that allows this exploit to exist is a code mistake in the read-only bootrom set before the device leaves the factory. There's nothing to be done about it once the device has left the building.
The hack is a buffer overrun attack that allows data to be copied into protected memory, where it shouldn't have access, and allows the attacker to run arbitrary code. Ars Technica notes that forcing a Switch into USB recovery mode is potentially difficult — except that there are methods, including specialized devices, that can perform this task simply and on demand.
On her page, Temkin notes:
[Fusée Gelée isn't] a perfect, ‘holy grail' exploit– though in some cases it can be pretty damned close. The different variants of Fusée Gelée will each come with their own advantages and disadvantages. We'll work to make sure you have enough information to decide which version is right for you around when we release Fusée Gelée to the public, so you can decide how to move forward.
Nintendo's decision to prevent saved game backups on the Switch was consumer-hostile to start with. Now, security breaches like this make it nonsensical. Every single Switch in-market today can be hacked, full-stop. It's true that these kinds of hacks can also be used to facilitate piracy (something Temkin notes in her FAQ), but by refusing to provide valid solutions for capabilities gamers want, Nintendo pushes more people towards piracy in the first place.
In the same way that not everyone who jailbreaks a phone wants to steal software, not everyone who jailbreaks a Switch wants to pirate games. Oftentimes, especially with a mobile system, people want to backup games they've already poured hundreds of hours into. Whatever marginal utility locking down saved games solved, it's over now.
One more thing to keep in mind: Nintendo may not be able to prevent the hack, but it's possible they will take action to lock Switches compromised in this fashion from connecting to Nintendo servers or using Nintendo services. Keep a careful eye on how the situation develops before committing to anything.
SINGAPORE: All Central Provident Fund (CPF) members will continue to receive at least 2.5 per cent interest on their Ordinary Account, and 4 per cent interest on their Special and Medisave Accounts from Apr 1 to Jun 30, the CPF Board said on Wednesday (Feb 15).
The computed Ordinary Account interest rate – derived from the major local banks' interest rates from November 2016 to January 2017 – was 0.24 per cent a year. As this was below the legislated minimum of 2.5 per cent, the Ordinary Account interest rate will be maintained at the minimum rate, the CPF Board said in a news release.
Likewise, the interest rate for Special and Medisave accounts will be maintained at the current rate of 4 per cent, as the computed interest rate – derived from the 12-month average yield of 10-year Singapore Government Securities plus 1 per cent – worked out to be 3.04 per cent from February 2016 to January 2017, below the floor rate.
An additional 1 percentage point of interest will continue to be paid on the first $60,000 of CPF members' combined balances in their Medisave, Special, Retirement and Ordinary Accounts, of which up to $20,000 can be from the Ordinary Account.
The concessionary interest rate for HDB mortgage loans, which is pegged at 0.1 percentage point above the Ordinary Account interest rate, will remain unchanged at 2.6 per cent, the CPF Board said.
The BETET/BSITET 2011 Result has been declared by the Bihar School Education Board (BSEB) on its official website - biharboard.ac.in. BSEB had organized BSITET Special examination for BETET/BSITET 2011 examination for Classes 1 to 5, 6 to 8, 9 to 10 and 11&12 in the year 2016. The results of Paper-I and Paper-II have been released.Candidates who had appeared in Bihar Elementary Teacher Eligibility Test (BETET) 2011 and Bihar Secondary/Intermediate Teacher Eligibility Test (BSITET) 2011 Special Examination 2016 can check their result by following the instructions given below:Step 1 – Visit the official website - http://www.biharboard.ac.in/ Step 2 – Click on the notification that reads, ‘BETET/BSITET 2011 Result'Step 3 – Enter your 10 digit Roll Number and click on SearchStep 4 – Download your result and take a printout for further referenceThe Bihar School Education Board (BSEB) has also released the official Answer Keys for both Papers for different subjects. Candidates can download the relevant Answer Keys from the official URL mentioned below:
Katherine F. Earney, 78, of Wood River, died at 6:44 p.m. Thursday, April 13, 2017, at OSF Saint Anthony's Health Center in Alton.
Visitation will be 4 p.m. until service at 7 p.m. Tuesday, April 18, at Marks Mortuary in Wood River. Cremation will follow the service.
MUMBAI: Facebook Inc's WhatsApp messenger service has responded to a call from India's technology ministry to curb the spread of false information on its platform, saying such a task required a partnership between the pair as well as with society in general.
India is WhatsApp's biggest market with over 200 million users. But false information on its app this year has contributed toward the triggering of mass beatings of more than a dozen people, at least three of whom have died.
Advertisement
On Sunday, five more people were lynched in Maharashtra on suspicion of being child abductors.
The rise in such incidents prompted the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology on Tuesday to ask WhatsApp to take immediate steps to prevent the circulation of false information and provocative content.
The ministry also said WhatsApp "cannot evade accountability and responsibility" when such services are abused by users to spread such misinformation.
"Like the Government of India, we're horrified by these terrible acts of violence and wanted to respond quickly to the very important issues you have raised," WhatsApp said in a letter to the ministry dated July 3 and reviewed by Reuters.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We believe that false news, misinformation and the spread of hoaxes are issues best tackled collectively: by government, civil society and technology companies working together."
The messaging service said it is giving users controls and information to help them stay safe, and that it plans to run long-term public safety advertising campaigns.
"As a starting point, we will soon publish new educational materials around misinformation and conduct our news literacy workshops," WhatsApp said.
The firm has recently added a feature to its app preventing users from re-adding former members of messaging groups, and has enabled group administrators to decide who can send messages. It is also testing the labelling of forwarded messages.
(Reporting by Sankalp PhartiyalEditing by Christopher Cushing)
WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump will have the chance to turn a key campaign promise into reality with this week's start of official talks to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement.
After threatening during the campaign to rip up the agreement, Trump has softened his stance a bit and spoken more recently of renegotiating the agreement as the most efficient course for the US, Canada and Mexico.
But talks to redo the controversial 1994 agreement, which eliminated trade barriers among the three countries, are expected to be thorny. The first round takes place from Wednesday to Sunday in the US capital.
Trump made NAFTA a defining issue of his campaign, frequently lambasting the deal as a "disaster" that sold out US workers and dismissing supporters who touted the deal's benefits.
"For Donald Trump this was so central in his campaign that he felt he has no choice but proceed," said Edward Alden, a senior fellow at the Council of Foreign Relations, a leading think tank.
"I think at some point the President Trump has to walk away with something that he can call victory. I don't think he could just walk away." Trump's biggest gripe with NAFTA has been the dramatic shift in the US' commercial balance with Mexico, which since the treaty's inception has gone from a surplus of $1.3 billion to a deficit of $64 billion.
NAFTA has been a bedrock of the Mexican economy, with 80 percent of that country's exports going to its Northern neighbor, an especially impactful relationship for Mexican manufacturers and farmers. The agreement has significantly boosted Mexico's auto sector, which has grown because of its supply of cheap labor as US automakers have shuttered some factories in their home country.
"Too many Americans have been hurt by closed factories, exported jobs, and broken political promises," US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said last month.
The US trade balance with Canada is more even, but that trade relationship also has points of tension in some sectors, including dairy, wine and grains.
- Long road ahead -
While the US under Trump has been the party to force NAFTA back onto the agenda, all three countries agree there will be benefits to revisiting an agreement nearly a quarter of a century old that was crafted prior to the internet era.
"Each country feels they have a lot to gain from pursuing these negotiations," said Jeffrey Schott, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, a think tank.
Trump administration officials have said they want a swift outcome to the talks, but experts think a speedy deal is unlikely. Next week's opening salvo will be followed by a second round of talks beginning September 5 in Mexico.
"The first round is basically to put forward some initial ideas and to explain them and probably the negotiators won't cover the most controversial issues in the first round," said Schott, who warned a strident "America first" push by the Trump team could cause problems.
"All three countries are committed to successful negotiations that revise and improve the NAFTA, but there is a risk that if United Stated is pushing the controversial ideas too hard that the talks could run off," Schott said.
A consideration from the Mexican side will be the 2018 presidential election. But Alden, who predicts the talks will require about two years, noted it also has an experienced negotiating team, as well as a strong consumer market for some US sectors, such as agriculture.
"Mexico has a lot of leverage too," Alden said.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Even in surrender, Missouri governor goes out fighting
Even in surrender, Missouri governor goes out fighting
As remnants of Alberto spin into the Great Lakes region, Southeast Appalachia weary after floods and mudslides.
As remnants of Alberto spin into the Great Lakes region, Southeast Appalachia weary after floods and mudslides.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). Workers clear debris from a parking lot washed out at a restaurant in Black Mountain, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). Workers clear debris from a parking lot washed out at a restaurant in Black Mountain, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and...
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and...
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and...
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Harvey Weinstein was indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said Wednesday's indictment brings Weinstein "another step closer to accountability" for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Weinstein's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said he would "vigorously defend" against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it. He called the allegations "unsupported" and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them.
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare him and "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
"Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said.
Weinstein, 66, learned of the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, according to his lawyers. Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not, prosecutors denied his request for more time.
Vance said the Weinstein camp's "recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable."
"We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand," Vance said in a statement.
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another. A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case, as it had been doing for weeks.
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Freed on $1 million bail and electronic monitoring, he is due back in court July 30, though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment.
Beyond the two women involved in the case, dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear his name" in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators that Weinstein confined her in a hotel room and raped her.
The other accuser in the case, former actress Lucia Evans, has gone public with her account of Weinstein forcing her to perform oral sex at his office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped her during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded herself confronting Weinstein and him apologizing for his conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Rose McGowan is on tour to promote her new book Brave, and it got off to a rocky start earlier in the week when the actress got into a shouting match with a transgender woman during an appearance at a Barnes and Noble bookstore. McGowan has been promoting Brave on talk shows as well as book signings, but it appears that she has canceled all upcoming appearances after the meltdown at the bookstore. In a video of the altercation, a transgender woman asks Rose McGowan about some remarks that she made on RuPaul's podcast.
In the fan-shot video footage, it appears that Rose McGowan may have been answering questions from the audience when a woman in the back steps up and says, "trans women are dying, and you said that we, as trans women, are not like regular women." She was referencing McGowan's comments on RuPaul's What's The Tee? podcast back in July of last year. The actress and woman's rights activist instantly gets angry and unleashes on the woman. Rose McGowan kept shouting, "we're the same!" back at the woman to the shock of the crowd in the bookstore.
The woman began to shout back, "this is white cis feminism!" at the top of her lungs as she was being escorted out of the building. Rose McGowan continued to shout back well after the woman was out of sight. She said.
"Don't label me, sister. Don't put your labels on me, don't you f%$#ing do that. Do not put your label on me, I don't come from your planet, leave me alone. What I do is for the f%$#ing world, and you should be f%$#ing grateful! So shut the f%$#up. Get off my back, what have you done?"
The audience is clearly on Rose McGowan's side in the video, shouting words of encouragement her way. McGowan continued to rant before being able to calm down.
The fan-shot video then jumps up a few minutes to a calm Rose McGowan. She's still visibly not happy, but she finds the time to explain herself in a calm way. It's not clear how far ahead the video jumps, but the woman is long gone by this point. McGowan explains.
"Trans women are women. What I'm trying and been trying to say is that it's actually identical. The stats are not that dissimilar. You break it down, it a much f%$#ing smaller population."
McGowan went on to talk about rape in a very graphic manner before picking up her book to read from again. The crowd cheers and she finally seems relaxed after the altercation.
After the incident, Rose McGowan took to social media to allege that the transgender woman was a paid actress and that she's quitting her promotional tour. She goes on to say that nobody in the building did anything, which isn't exactly true, as the video shows. The actress also lashed out at news websites for printing up the exact transcript of what was said in the altercation, taking extra time to tear into Variety. You can watch the video of the incident below, courtesy of Great Interesting Funny's YouTube channel.
I am canceling upcoming public appearances because I have given enough. I have given beauty, in return I was VERBALLY ASSAULTED for two full minutes @BNBuzz by an actor paid to verbally assault a woman who has been terrorized by your system. And no ONE in that room did anything — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) February 2, 2018
And everyone from my publicists, t assistants, managers and every person sitting in their chairs frozen by their weakness, a weakness called COMPLICITY. The truth is you all failed me. Again. And again. And again. — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) February 2, 2018
I would like an apology from the manager of the Union Square @BNUnionSquareNY and all security people, and the audience, who did nothing and let the paid verbal assault of an assaulted woman happen. Cool? — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) February 2, 2018
The U.S. Commerce Department on Friday moved to impose additional trade duties on the sale of Bombardier Inc CSeries jets in the United States, prompted by Boeing Co's accusation that the Canadian plane and train maker had dumped the planes at "absurdly low" prices.
WASHINGTON: The U.S. Commerce Department on Friday moved to impose additional trade duties on the sale of Bombardier Inc CSeries jets in the United States, prompted by Boeing Co's accusation that the Canadian plane and train maker had dumped the planes at "absurdly low" prices.
The Commerce Department proposed a 79.82 percent antidumping duty after a preliminary finding that the jets were sold below cost to Delta Air Lines in 2016.
(Reporting by Tim Ahmann; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
An attorney for a British cybersecurity researcher accused of creating malicious software to steal banking information says the researcher is “brilliant” and “a hero” who will eventually be cleared.
Marcus Hutchins pleaded not guilty on Monday in Wisconsin federal court to charges of conspiring to commit computer fraud. He was arrested Aug. 2 in the Las Vegas airport on his way home to England after a cybersecurity convention.
Until then, Hutchins had been seen as a cybercrime-fighting hero for finding a “kill switch” earlier this year that slowed the outbreak of the damaging WannaCry virus.
Hutchins' attorney Marcia Hoffman says he will vigorously defend himself and will be “fully vindicated” at trial.
An Oct. 23 trial date has been set.
Hutchins, 22, works for the Los Angeles security firm Kryptos Logic. But federal prosecutors say that, at least at one point in his career, he had malicious intent. In a July 12 indictment unsealed this month, Hutchins is described as having created, maintained and marketed the Kronos banking Trojan from July 2014 to July 2015.
The program — often distributed through document attachments in phishing emails — monitors consumers' online browsing and leads them to fraudulent websites designed to look like legitimate banking services. Kronos then harvests usernames, passwords and other information from unsuspecting consumers. Sellers described Kronos as capable of evading antivirus software and snooping on the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox and Internet Explorer.
The allegations from a two-year FBI investigation point to one of the cybersecurity sector's most distinctive traits: the revolving door between those trying to stop attacks and those launching them.
People often transition between hacking with malicious intent and working as well-meaning investigators. The mischievous work of the past can be an asset to companies and law enforcement agencies looking to get an edge on new waves of criminals. But it also can mar the reputation of the burgeoning industry.
Times staff writer Paresh Dave contributed to this report.
tried to win backbefore he got back together with his ex-girlfriend, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned. The Teen Mom 2 stars were well on their way to rekindling their romance, as he was even sending her secret love texts! But Lowry was blindsided by his secret trip withand called things off. Click through for exclusive details of the shocking way Lowry handled her ex-husband's betrayal!
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Chris Hughton says his players' hunger from enjoying competing at the top of the Championship has driven them to promotion.
The Brighton & Hove Albion boss has revealed that the squad has been an easy one to manage through the historic season.
The Premier League beckons next season for the Seagulls after a 34-year absence from the top flight following a dramatic day at the Amex on Bank Holiday Monday.
Their 2-1 win over Wigan all-but sealed their fate and the celebrations kicked off long before Huddersfield Town's draw with Derby mathematically confirmed Albion's promotion.
Hughton has continuously ruled out missing in the play-offs last year has inspired his side this term, but instead says they had decided they wanted more of the same fierce competition.
He said: “It's the type of individuals we have. We started the season in a very good position having good players. That's a good start.
“We knew what we achieved last year so that says we had good players. We recruited some in the summer, not many, but we recruited, so we started the season with a better team and better squad. That's a good starting position.
“I do not think it was just about missing out last year. I think the team really enjoyed being at that end of the table and winning more than games than what we were losing.
“They made up their minds that they wanted more of it and they wanted to be at this end of the table. Would I have expected us to be in the top two all season? Probably not, but I did expect us to be up there competing.
“My responsibility and always my responsibility is to manage that and I have to say, apart from the obvious of picking the team, formations and making decisions, they have not been a difficult group to manage.
“I have a very stable group of players and I have enjoyed rotating a little bit in this last period as it has brought players into the fold that perhaps have been out for a little bit. That is always a nice feel for me and the group, but it's all about this football club.”
The former Norwich boss can win the title at his former club on Friday if Albion secure the three points at Carrow Road.
This season's accomplishments are a stark contrast to when Hughton was announced as manager back in 2015.
He added: “When I came into this club on January 1 two years ago, we were in the bottom three and Nathan Jones had just taken the side. Thankfully, he had won and drawn a game just before I got here.
“I did not feel like a club that was in the bottom three in the Championship, because it is an incredibly well-run club with a wonderful support base. I am fortunate enough to go into a great training facility every day that the players still really appreciate.
“It was really perhaps just a question of doing the things that I felt could get results. Then it is down to a recruitment process and I felt we recruited really well in the summer.
“We brought in some really good, stable individuals that I felt could grow the team and they have improved since then. It's very, very well-run club with great facilities and I would like to think it's a pleasure for these players to come in every day.”
WELLINGTON: New Zealand will be without Martin Guptill for the one-off Twenty20 international against South Africa and the start of the one-day series as he recovers from another hamstring strain.
Guptill injured his right hamstring during training, a separate injury to the one on his left leg that ruled the opening batsman out of the Bangladesh T20 series in January and one-day matches against Australia earlier this month.
Auckland wicketkeeper-batsman Glenn Phillips will make his international debut as Guptill's replacement for Friday's T20 match at Eden Park, the team said on Wednesday.
Dean Brownlie takes Guptill's place in the ODI squad for the first two fixtures of the five-game series.
Selector Gavin Larsen said the 20-year-old Phillips earned his selection on the strength of his domestic form.
"Glenn was outstanding for Auckland at the top of the order ... and proved an extremely exciting player," he said in a media release.
"He bats with power; has shown he can clear the rope, and gets a deserved opportunity to showcase his skills on the international stage.
"Glenn will play as a specialist batsman only, with Luke Ronchi still taking the gloves. Playing in his home city, it will certainly be a big occasion for Glenn."
(Reporting by Ian Ransom in Melbourne; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Volkswagen expects cash outflows of 4-5 billion euros (US$4.7-5.9 billion) next year in relation to the dieselgate emissions cheating scandal, the carmaker's Chief Financial Officer Frank Witter told journalists on Monday.
WOLFSBURG, Germany: Volkswagen expects cash outflows of 4-5 billion euros (US$4.7-5.9 billion) next year in relation to the dieselgate emissions cheating scandal, the carmaker's Chief Financial Officer Frank Witter told journalists on Monday.
"I am not at all relaxed with regard to the diesel issue," Witter said. The figure is below the up to 17 billion euros in outflows expected this year.
Dieselgate has so far cost the company more than 25 billion euros and contributed to a strategy shift in the sector toward electric vehicles, with most manufacturers having announced far-reaching investment packages.
(Reporting by Jan Schwartz; Writing by Christoph Steitz; Editing by Georgina Prodhan)
UMass hockey drops 12th straight game with home 3-0 loss to Merrimack on Valentine's Day
Posted by Nick Souza on February 15, 2017 · Leave a Comment
For the Massachusetts hockey team, Tuesday night's home game against Merrimack College was a lot like spending Valentine's Day single (at least for the first two periods). UMass' (5-24-2, 2-16-1 Hockey East Association) 3-0 loss to the Warriors (12-13-5, 6-7-5 HEA) featured little drama in front of a relatively quiet crowd at the Mullins Center.
“In the first 40 minutes, they made it very tough for us to generate much,” Minutemen coach Greg Carvel said following UMass' loss. “Our compete level at the beginning of the game wasn't where it needed to be, and that allowed them to get ahead early. We weren't able to maintain any momentum until the third period.”
Already down 1-0 late in the first period, Minutemen sophomore forward Austin Plevy was ejected following a big hit on Merrimack defenseman Ryan Cook over center ice that sent Cook off the ice for the remainder of the period. Cook would later return to the game.
When asked about the impact of losing Plevy so early had on the team, Carvel seemed unfazed.
“I didn't mind it tonight. It allowed me to throw three guys together, and if I had to double shift somebody that way, and if somebody was going I would double shift him,” Carvel said. “The style of the game tonight helped make it so I didn't mind it. I usually do because it's a pain to just juggle the lines but tonight it wasn't a huge factor.”
UMass captain Steven Iacobellis echoed his coach's sentiment.
“Luckily we got some guys I feel like I have some chemistry with all around the lineup. We have some good players so it wasn't too hard to adjust. I thought those guys really stepped up and did a really good job tonight.”
The ensuing five-minute major against the Minutemen with less than three minutes left in the period led to a Warrior goal scored by defenseman Alex Carle less than 30 seconds into the penalty extending the lead to 2-0.
The Minutemen offense amounted to very little through the first 40 minutes with just 10 shots on goal as opposed to Merrimack's 26 shots.
The scoring chances were even harder to come by for UMass, with Iacobellis getting the Minutemen's best chance of the game in the latter half of the second period. Iacobellis' shot came from right in the slot but ultimately turned away by Warriors goaltender Collin Delia (22 saves).
Johnathan Kovacevic tallied Merrimack's third goal of the night roughly five and a half minutes into the second period burying a shot from the top of the right faceoff circle to put the game out of reach 3-0.
The Warriors first goal came eight and a half minutes into the game, with forward Brett Seney scoring his ninth of the season. Seney would finish the night with two points after adding on an assist in the second period.
Fighting back in the third period
Although UMass still struggles to put together a full 60 minutes, the third period seemed to be where it started coming back to life as it finally broke free from the choke hold that Merrimack had in the first two periods.
“We've been so close, not that we were close tonight, but tonight in the third period we could have just gone through the motions but the kids played hard right to the very end,” Carvel said. “The energy was great on the bench.”
Unfortunately this sudden surge that included 12 shots on goal – the Minutemen finished with 22 on the night – didn't amount to the kind of comeback that UMass was hoping for.
What looked like a major momentum shifting goal scored by Iacobellis with 12:20 left in regulation ended up getting called back due to goaltender contact.
What could have ignited the Minutemen ended up being as deflating as the opening two periods, and the unlucky break signaled the end of any possible comeback for UMass.
The Minutemen will look to end the now 12-game losing streak on Saturday when they host in-state rival UMass Lowell at 7 p.m.
Nicholas Souza can be reached at njsouza@umass.edu or followed on Twitter @nicksouza27.
In The Florida Project , Sean Baker's follow-up to Tangerine , the breakouts are the kids who dash about a touristy strip of Florida frontage road not far from Orlando's Disney World.
A couple of caveats: First, these are my favorite movies of the year, not a claim to rank the definitive best, so don't write to tell me that your favorite should have made it. Put it on your list, bro. Second: I saw more than 200 new-release movies in 2017, but the only way to have caught all of them would mean dissolving into a whiskery puddle of flesh and eyes. So, yes, I know I'm missing some things. Third: I made a list of 10 movies before seeing, in just a few days, the December releases from Paul Thomas Anderson, Alexander Payne, Guillermo del Toro and Steven Spielberg. Then I added two of their titles, to come to 12.
Finally, none of the superhero movies made this list, though I did enjoy the light-touch myth-making of Wonder Woman's first half, the '70s fantasy paperback geeksplosions of Thor: Ragnarok and the local-hero comedy of Spider-Man: Homecoming, a movie that sometimes dares to push against our entertainment culture's pathological insistence upon violent heroism as the solution to all problems. As for bloody, brooding Logan: C'mon, even in his dotage, Professor X would never let his crew endanger the lives of that poor farm family.
Dawson City: Frozen Time
The ultimate found-footage doc this side of his own Decasia (2002), Bill Morrison's meditative beauty showcases long-lost silent films — features and newsreels — discovered buried beneath a swimming pool in a Yukon Gold Rush town. Here are glimpses of the infamous 1919 White Sox, forgotten dramas with titles like The Unpardonable Sins and footage of the town itself, woven together to reveal (without spoken words) both the history of Dawson City and also what entertained the hardy folk who braved the elements to settle there — what they dreamed of.
Face Places
Something of a prank, an art project, a buddy comedy, a tour of the French countryside and an inquiry into memory and images and what it means to reveal our eyes to the world, Faces Places finds the great documentarian and photographer Agnes Varda, 88 at the time of filming, teaming up with 33-year-old photographer JR to wander France, pasting photographed portraits of the people they meet on building walls and water towers and any surface that will take them. The film is light, funny, alert, alive, the work of a great and her inspired collaborator who are forever happy to be looking.
The Florida Project
Another on-a-shoestring study of American life on the margins, Sean Baker's follow-up to Tangerine boasts a movie star (Willem Dafoe as an endearingly decent motel manager) but also, again, a cast of amateurs and newbies giving some of the year's most vivid performances. In this case, the breakouts are the kids who dash about a touristy strip of Florida frontage road not far from Orlando's Disney World. Near-homeless, holed up in a flophouse, these characters still lark through scenes of vibrant, playful, broke-ass joyousness, as Baker and his grown-up cast make sure we always know what the kiddos sometimes can overlook: the precariousness of their existence.
EXPAND Daniel Kaluuya stars in Get Out, the only 2017 studio picture that seemed to matter to people who don't live and breathe for movies. Universal Pictures
Get Out
Outside of Wonder Woman, Jordan Peele's Get Out is the only 2017 studio picture that truly seemed to matter to people who don't live and breathe for movies. Much can be said about its courage and cleverness, its horror and hilarity, but I'll leave it to this. In its first moments, Peele got American audiences to accept what white folks still have a hard time admitting: that no It clown house is as scary as the thought of being a black man walking alone at night through a strange white suburb.
God's Own Country
My favorite of this year's gay romances, Francis Lee's lusty, muddy feature debut finds a brutish young farmer discovering tenderness amid the rough beauty of northern England. Lee and his cast dare a naturalistic frankness, never shying away from the practical realities of sex, livestock or the prickly confusion of young men who yearn for something different than what they've been raised to.
Human Flow
You're right not to trust a film critic who calls a movie "stunning." But Human Flow, the documentary surveying the scope of the global refugee crisis, from Chinese artist-activist Ai Weiwei, stunned in the truest sense of the word. Again and again, over 140 minutes, Ai overwhelms with visions of populations in flight, a new mass migration that most world governments refuse to respond to. Human Flow reveals the full breadth of a global catastrophe.
EXPAND The subject of Kasper Collin's exquisitely haunted documentary meditation I Called Him Morgan is hard-bop trumpeter Lee Morgan, seen here performing with drummer Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers in 1960 in Amsterdam. © Ben van Meerendonk/International Institute for Social History. Courtesy of FilmRise/Submarine Deluxe/Kasper Collin Produktion AB
I Called Him Morgan
It's fitting that one of the great films about jazz centers on the re-creation of a lost moment. Kasper Collin's exquisitely haunted documentary meditation I Called Him Morgan, about the life and murder of the '60s hard-bop trumpeter Lee Morgan, is shrouded in shots of New York whited out with snow, the lightning of the Chrysler Building the one point of orientation. Pulsing and alive beneath it: the fascinating lives of the musicians interviewed here, a doomed romance and Morgan's crisp, insistent trumpet. It's on Netflix right now, people.
Lady Bird
Greta Gerwig's coming-of-age-weird comedy is rare not just in its brisk buoyancy or its sharply observed understanding of how place and family and friends shape a young self. It's also rare in its understanding and empathy, in its honoring of what every character would be feeling at the moments that we're watching them. The year's best scene partners: Saoirse Ronan and Laurie Metcalf.
Mudbound
The studios wouldn't touch Dee Rees' raw and intimate epic of white and black families, both poor, scrabbling through the war years on a patch of Mississippi dirt. So Netflix bought it, and that means you can savor its humanity, its clear-eyed honesty about power and economics under Jim Crow, its painful moments of hope, its vital performances and its can't-look-away sweep toward inevitable tragedy tonight.
Phantom Thread
Exquisitely acted, staged, shot and conceived, the latest collaboration between writer-director Paul Thomas Anderson and Daniel Day-Lewis guts the familiar great man's muse story that it at first seems to be telling. Vicky Krieps, as an old prick's young inspiration, seizes the movie from the big names, just as her character seizes control of the quiet, controlled life said prick has groomed her for.
The Post
I believe it's a good thing that Steven Spielberg is on the nose about the issues he's on the nose about in a movie that will be seen by America's dads and uncles. The dude collects Rockwells, believes in the sunny ol' American past, has made billions anticipating the national mood and suddenly has whipped up a movie about what it's like to be a woman in rooms full of powerful dudes at just the moment his country finally seems ready to think about that. Also: Meryl Streep goes subtle!
A Quiet Passion
"For those of us who lived minor lives and are deprived of a particular kind of love, we know best how to starve," says Cynthia Nixon's Emily Dickinson deep into Terence Davies' soaring, despairing drama about achieving greatness without ever leaving one's house. We see Dickinson starve: for love, for recognition of her genius, for any sense that humanity will not fail her.
During the Google I/O Conference last May, one of the things that they showed off on-stage was the video calling app Duo working in the Picture-in-picture Mode that was being introduced with Android 8.0 Oreo. But since then, we haven't heard about when it would actually roll out, until now. Justin Uberti, the technical lead for Duo announced on Twitter that the feature is now available for Duo users for devices that are already on Oreo.
If you need a bit of a refresher on what the PiP feature brings, you get to minimize and yet still run apps alongside other apps in this mode. For example, if you're watching a YouTube video but you need to check something on your email, you can put the video on PiP mode so you can continue watching while browsing your email. Some of the notable Google apps that you can use in this mode are as mentioned, YouTube, Google Play Movies, and Google Maps.
Now you can add Duo video calling to this list. On the sample video that Uberti posted, you can see someone doing a video call on the app then minimizing it to check on their calendar. But the video call continues because of the Picture-in-picture mode. You can trigger it by simply hitting the home button.
From the Google I/O keynote: keep your Google Duo call going across apps, courtesy of Android O's new Picture-in-picture mode. pic.twitter.com/fNR1UfQcEv — Justin Uberti (@juberti) May 17, 2017
Of course, you will only be able to enjoy this mode if your smartphone is already running on Android Oreo. The rollout has been pretty sporadic at best, but we've gotten used to that with these major Android updates of course. So you just have to wait before you can use Duo on Pip mode.
SOURCE: Google
Is your child not getting ample sleep due to early school hours? Beware, your kid is more likely to develop depression and anxiety, warns a new study.
The study reveals that children, who start schooling before 8:30 a.m., get insufficient sleep or barely meet the minimum amount of sleep, that is 8-10 hours, needed for healthy functioning of the body.
“Even when a student is doing everything else right to get a good night's sleep, early school start times put more pressure on the sleep process and increase mental health symptoms, while later school start times appear to be a strong protective factor for teenager,” said Jack Peltz, Professor at the University of Rochester in the US.
School timings not only affect the sleeping habits but also the daily functioning of the body. It aggravates major health problems like obesity, heart disease and others in adulthood.
The study, published in the journal Sleep Health, suggested that maintaining a consistent bedtime, getting between eight and 10 hours of sleep, limiting caffeine, turning off the television, cell phone and video games before bed may boost sleep quality as well as mental health.
The researchers used an online tool to collect data from 197 students across the country between the ages of 14 and 17.
The results showed that good sleep hygiene was directly associated with lower average daily depressive or anxiety symptoms across all students.
The risk of depression was even lower in the students who started school after 8:30 a.m. in comparison to those who started early.
“One possible explanation for the difference may be that earlier starting students have more pressure on them to get high quality sleep,” Peltz stressed.
SHANGHAI - Fidelity & Guaranty Life (FGL) , a U.S. annuities and life insurer, said on Tuesday it has terminated its agreement to be acquired by China's Anbang Insurance group.
Reuters reported earlier that the Chinese insurer would let its agreement acquire FGL for US$1.6 billion lapse after failing to secure all the necessary regulatory approvals.
FGL is looking at alternative strategies and "has received interest from a number of parties," it said in a news release.
Anbang did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The development casts new doubt on Anbang's commitment to U.S. deals, following its abandoned attempt last year to acquire Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc for US$14 billion.
Established in 2004, Anbang signed more than US$30 billion worth of corporate deals in the last 2-1/2 years, with high-profile investments including a US$1.95 billion purchase of the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York.
(Reporting by Engen Tham in Shanghai and Matthew Miller in Beijing; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
Jeff Goldblum, photo by Heather Kaplan
It was bound to happen sooner or later: Jeff Goldblum is ready to record some music.
Although he's been playing jazz piano in and around Los Angeles since the '90s, the 65-year-old actor, who infamously puffed his chest on Isla Nublar and became an Internet meme 20 years later, will finally release a proper studio album. There's no title yet, but it's due out later this year via Universal's own classic label Decca.
Like anything involving Goldblum, it's a neat little story. According to a Universal press release, record executives caught him performing alongside Gregory Porter on Graham Norton last November, where the two collaborated on “Mona Lisa”, and were so impressed that they immediately flew out to Los Angeles to meet the actor.
“As far as I can tell, everyone loves Jeff Goldblum,” Decca director of A&R Tom Lewis states in the release. “He's a fantastic jazz pianist, a great band leader and just about the loveliest man in the world. His love of jazz is infectious and whenever he plays he makes you feel very happy. If we can take Jeff's music into people's homes then we will be helping, in our own small way, to make the world a happier place.”
The feeling's mutual, as Goldblum adds, “I'm so happy to be in cahoots with the wonderful people at Decca, one of the coolest and most prestigious labels of all time.” Of course the same guy who played would-be human being Seth Brundle would use the word “cahoots” in his first album announcement. What a goddamn delight.
Again, you'll have to wait until later this year, but here's some good news: Goldblum will soon appear in Universal's forthcoming, not-at-all-going-to-be-awful Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, where he reprises his role as Ian Malcolm for a third time. If that's not enough, you can visit your local toystore and grab him as a hunky Funko Pop.
Great times for Goldblumheads.
LOCKPORT, N.Y. (WIVB) — Jessica Cassik is the author of several children's books which she has published through her own company, ImagineWe, LLC.
“Writing has always been my avenue,” said Cassik, the CEO of the publishing company. “I try to find different kinds of stories that people will send me or I'll create that can give an educational spin on regular day-to-day stuff kids don't know how to process.”
The topics range from talking about violence against women, anger, making friends who have autism, and the death of a parent — topics, Cassik says, she's to breach with her son who is just five-years-old. She says she began telling him about the topics, hoping he can relate and understand what she was saying by talking about these things using fictional characters.
“Using those processes, I can create other books that can touch a child's life.”
The CEO has been writing for several years. At 15, she wrote a book reflecting on her own life at the time as she was living with depression. When she tried getting it published, she found herself facing several difficulties.
“I learned it's really hard to get into publishing companies and get my book physically read.”
Through that experience – she realized there's a place in the market for someone who cares about the story, effort, and author; creating her company for budding authors and promoting advocacy.
“I just want to give authors the opportunities they deserve,” said Cassik. “If someone is willing to write a book, they deserve an opportunity.”
And now, with ten books on the shelves and a few more ready to head to the printer, Cassik feels her young company is just beginning to take off and make an impact.
“I want children to love these books like I loved books growing up.”
It's been almost two years ago since ASUS launched the Chromebook Flip. The second-gen version is almost ready just in time for the CES. ASUS is set to unveil the new Chromebook Flip 2 anytime this week but here's an unboxing video shared by the geeks over at Chrome Unboxed–our reliable source for Chrome related news.
The ASUS Chrombeook Flip 2 impresses with its sleek and sexy build. It's not exactly super slim but the touchscreen display makes it an efficient machine. It's a hybrid tablet-notebook that is ideal for those people always on-the-go. This could very well rival the upcoming Samsung Chromebook Pro and other models to be introduced this year.
ASUS' new Chromebook Flip 2 has impressed our source in paper and we're not surprised why. Before this, it was already sighted on Newegg as the ASUS C302CA powered by an Intel Core M processor and 64GB onboard storage. Interestingly, the listing was removed but Chrome Unboxed managed to order and receive one. What's actually surprising is that the device arrived with much lower specs.
On the official Newegg listing, the Chromebook was listed with a 64GB storage, 4GB RAM, and Intel Core M3. However, the actual features were only 32GB and a lower Intel Pentium. Watching the unboxing, we learned the notebook computer will have side-mounted speakers.
Note that this information was net yet final and official but we're looking forward to a grand reveal by ASUS this week at CES 2017.
VIA: Chrome Unboxed
By Sarah N. Lynch and Ross Colvin
| ALEXANDRIA, Va.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. U.S. representatives Ron DeSantis and Jeff Duncan had ducked out of baseball practice early on Wednesday when a middle-aged man in the parking lot asked them if the players in red shirts on the field were Republicans or Democrats."Republican," Duncan said before departing.Minutes later, the man, rifle and handgun in tow, opened fire on the congressmen's teammates - Republican lawmakers gathered on a muggy morning near Washington to prepare for a charity ballgame. "A killing field," U.S. Senator Rand Paul said in a televised interview, describing the scene in Arlington, Virginia."We were sitting ducks," said Representative Roger Williams.Williams, the team coach, told reporters he was hitting ground balls when he heard what sounded like a car engine backfiring.
"He's got a gun! Run for cover," Williams heard next.He dove into the dugout behind first base. Zack Barth, a staffer shot in the leg, ran in from the outfield and landed in Williams' arms.Barth texted for help as more bullets flew. U.S. Senator Jeff Flake used his belt as a makeshift tourniquet to stop the staffer's bleeding, Williams said.Taking cover behind home plate, U.S. Representative Mo Brooks saw a rifle pointing from a chain link fence behind the third base dugout.
A scream rang out from second base, Brooks said.Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the House of Representatives, had been shot in the hip and fell to the ground. He left a trail of blood as he dragged himself to the outfield, seeking distance from the gunman who said nothing as he fired.On her front porch just across the street from the field in a trendy, family-friendly neighbourhood, Reba Winstead heard a dozen shots.
"A bullet just came down my street,” she told an emergency dispatcher.Police audio obtained by media recorded a flood of frantic calls: "Shots being fired ... We need medics ... Victim down in the baseball field.”Alexandria police arrived at 7:12 a.m., about three minutes after the first emergency phone call reporting an active shooter. Members of the Capitol Police, serving as security detail to Scalise, were firing at the gunman. By 7:14 a.m., the gunman, 66-year-old James Hodgkinson from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville, Illinois, was down. Later he died. (For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2soLnME) (Additional reporting and writing by Letitia Stein; Editing by Colleen Jenkins and Howard Goller)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Two games into the season is hardly the time to panic, especially when the team in question is the Pittsburgh Penguins — a team that has won back-to-back Stanley Cups while overcoming quite a bit of adversity each time (a mid-season coaching change one year; a significant injury to one of their best players in the other).
But that doesn't mean it isn't a bit of an eye-opener when they open the season with back-to-back losses, giving up 15 goals in the process while getting completely annihilated on Thursday night in Chicago by a 10-1 margin.
Mike Sullivan called it a “wake-up call” on Friday in advance of their Stanley Cup Final rematch against Nashville on Saturday night and insisted that nobody is hitting the panic button.
Sullivan: "It's early, nobody's hitting the panic button here, but when you get beat the way we did last night, it's a wake-up call" -MC — Pens Inside Scoop (@PensInsideScoop) October 6, 2017
Quite honestly, they shouldn't be. But that doesn't mean there isn't reason for at least some mild concern with the way the team has looked through the first two games.
One of the more astonishing things about their Stanley Cup run a season ago is that they did it with what was a mostly patchwork defense that was without its best player in Kris Letang.
Overall, they were not a great defensive team during the 2016-17 season. They finished 17th in the league in goals against during the regular season, gave up more shots than your typical Stanley Cup winner does, and more often than not found themselves getting outshot and outchanced in the playoffs. What got them through it was two outstanding goaltending performances from Matt Murray and Marc-Andre Fleury, as well as the fact they had the best, and deepest group of forwards in the NHL that could pounce on any chance the opposition gave them and bury it in the back of the net.
The results were there in the short-term, but it was never a long-term recipe for success. The goaltending was always the key because without that level of play in the early rounds from Fleury they probably don't get out of the first or second round. Once that goaltending performance dropped off a little, the flaws on defense were going to be exposed.
A lot of those flaws on defense still showed up through the first two games (even with the return of Letang) and the goaltending has not been able to bail them out so far.
Murray hasn't quite gotten to his game yet, while new backup Antti Niemi fell on his face (literally and figuratively) in his debut with the team.
The question is whether or not they can remedy those flaws with the current roster.
The offseason saw the team lose forwards Nick Bonino, Matt Cullen and Chris Kunitz, while Patric Hornqvist has yet to play due to an injury. Losing Bonino and Cullen was a pretty big blow to their center depth (that they still have not really replaced) and with Hornqvist out of the lineup they are basically skating a couple of fourth lines when Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin are not on the ice and the defense still has its share of question marks, with the only change coming in the form of swapping out Trevor Daley and Ron Hainsey for Matt Hunwick.
They are still likely to swing a trade at some point to improve that center depth, and it seems logical to think that prized prospect Daniel Sprong might get the Jake Guentzel treatment this season and be a mid-season call-up after getting his feet wet in the American Hockey League.
That, along with the return of Hornqvist will certainly help fix those problems up front.
The problems on the back-end, however, might be a little more difficult to fix. Letang, when healthy, is a superstar and Justin Schultz has become the player everyone thought he could be in Edmonton. But beyond that it is still a group that has some question marks. It's been said about that group a lot over the past two years, and they've always found a way to overcome it and succeed, but the roster around them does not seem to be quite as strong on paper at the moment.
Liverpool takes on Roma tonight in the Champions League semi-finals.
The first-leg at Anfield is sure to be a must-watch match, as Jurgen Klopp's side look to build a big advantage before heading to Italy for the return leg next week.
BT Sport have broadcast rights to the game, meaning that unless you are a subscriber to the channel, you won't be able to watch the action live.
They'll be showing the match on BT Sport 2 and BT Sport HD 2 and also streaming the game on their App and website for paid-up subscribers to the premium channel.
But what if you are not signed up and want to watch the best of Liverpool's clash with Roma?
Those seeking robust dividend growth in spite of rising political and economic turbulence in the UK could do a lot worse than check out Pennon Group (LSE: PNN) right now. The Conservative Party conference this week raised more questions than it provided answers, with the outlook over the future of prime minister Theresa May and the government?s approach towards Brexit remaining clear as mud. And this was not the only news this week to trouble jittery stock pickers with a slew of PMI surveys compounding fears that the British economy is sliding fast. While the critical services report may have marginally…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Already a subscriber to our paid services (e.g. Share Advisor, Pro, Hidden Winners)? Please login here .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Those seeking robust dividend growth in spite of rising political and economic turbulence in the UK could do a lot worse than check out Pennon Group (LSE: PNN) right now.
The Conservative Party conference this week raised more questions than it provided answers, with the outlook over the future of prime minister Theresa May and the government's approach towards Brexit remaining clear as mud.
And this was not the only news this week to trouble jittery stock pickers with a slew of PMI surveys compounding fears that the British economy is sliding fast. While the critical services report may have marginally trumped expectations, new business growth was still at its lowest level since last August.
Dividends still flowing
In this environment, share pickers could do a lot worse than pile into the relative safety of Britain's utilities, I believe.
However, not all such companies are created equal, particularly after the Tories' vowed to up the attack on Centrica, SSE and the rest of the country's major electricity providers by announcing plans to publish a draft bill next week that will examine the introduction of energy price caps.
Water providers like Pennon are not immune to regulatory scrutiny, of course, but the spotlight is far less intense than on the electricity suppliers. As a consequence, I expect the South West Water owner for one to keep delivering brilliant shareholder returns.
The City is expecting earnings at Pennon to keep on growing, with rises of 2% and 12% chalked in for the years ending March 2018 and 2019 respectively. And so dividends at the business are expected to keep chugging skywards also.
Last year's 35.96p per share reward is anticipated to rise to 38.5p in the present period, and again to 41.3p in fiscal 2019. As a result, Pennon sports mountainous yields of 4.8% and 5.2% for this year and next.
Construct colossal returns
But the FTSE 250 play isn't the only big yielder worthy of attention in these uncertain times. Indeed, I believe housebuilder Persimmon (LSE: PSN) is also worth checking out at the present time.
Now look, I realise that the FTSE 100 share is more attuned to the fate of the broader economic and political landscape than the likes of Pennon. A Bank of England rate hike later this year or in early 2018 is still being touted in many quarters, a situation that could take a bite out of homebuyer demand. And of course, the impact of a worsening Brexit malaise on economic conditions and consumer confidence could also harm buying activity.
However, I am confident that Britain's colossal homes shortage — a point underlined at this week's Conservative conference — should continue to support home values, and thus continue pushing profits at Persimmon and its peers higher.
My view is endorsed by the number crunchers, who are predicting earnings expansion of 18% and 5% in 2017 and 2018 respectively. And so dividends are also expected to keep growing (from 110p per share in 2016 to 133.9p this year and 136.8p next year).
I reckon subsequent yields of 5% and 5.1% make Persimmon worthy of serious consideration by income chasers.
FIFA U-17 World Cup Highlights: India vs USA - As It Happened
News18 Sports Updated:October 6, 2017, 10:26 PM IST
21:55(IST) That's it then, it ends 3-0 in favour of USA 21:47(IST) span> span> India have certainly shown they can compete at the highest level. They were a bit unnerved initially but the team has managed to compete with USA 21:44(IST) GOAL: USA survived the scare and started a counter-attack, Carlton beat the defence and eventually put the ball in the back of the net. India is now down 0-3, but the scoreline doesn't reflect the valiant display of the Indians 21:42(IST) 21:34(IST) Nongdamba Naorem was the player who made that great effort 21:28(IST) India make two substitutions, striker Rahim Ali is on in place of Abhijeet Sarkar 21:20(IST) USA should have had a third there, Akinola had just the goal-keeper to beat but hit that over the goal post 21:17(IST) Had that gone in, the decibel levels would have gone up at the JLN stadium here in Delhi 21:13(IST) Not the luckiest of days for India on the field 21:11(IST) India are now trailing by 0-2, this had to happen, as the USA are a far superior team. It's a learning curve for these boys who will benefit from this experience 21:09(IST) strong> strong> The Indian goal-keeper has been a bright spot for India 21:05(IST) The players are back on the ground and India get a lucky break almost immediately but Aniket is unable to take advantage of the mistake. Eventually USA manage to get the ball out of their box 20:53(IST) That's half-time then and India are trailing 0-1 against a very tough USA team. Coach de Matos can be proud of his boys' efforts so far, given the wide gap between the two teams but yes they have a job at their hand in the second half. 20:46(IST) India stringing some good passes here and showing signs of intent. That was another great attack, hitting USA on the break. 20:40(IST) India on the attack and they are entering the final third of the Brazilians now with good solo runs. India will have to throw more bodies into attack in order to create problems for the American defence 20:36(IST) USA on the attack again and this time it was from the right flank but the final cross left a lot to be desired from. India have spread the play now, there are more players moving up in the mid-field. The most imp[ortant thing is not topanic here. Anything can happen and there is a lot of time 20:32(IST) India will have to attack now they cannot afford to stay back 20:30(IST) span> span> 20:26(IST) Poor delivery from the flank means India's first real attack doesn't yield good results 20:22(IST) The Indian defenders have shown good composure in the face of some great attacking play from USA 20:20(IST) From the looks of the first match so far it seems India will have to follow the strategy that Greece followed in the EURO 2004. Defend till the end and expect that a goal comes through from somewhere. The Indian mid-fielders are trying to carry the ball too far without passing and that is what is hurting possession currently 20:16(IST) It has been one-way traffic so far and as expected USA has been dictating play so far. They are creating space on the flanks and also spreading the play wide cleverly. Both the flanks have been changing the line of play pretty well, but India's defence so far has managed to stand tall. It is clear that India will have to park the 'proverbial bus' and keep defending for the 90 minutes 20:11(IST) Amarjit Singh Kiyam, the Indian captain commits a foul far outside the penalty box and USA has a free kick. Sargent hits it straight at the wall. India survives another scare 20:09(IST) Both teams haven't managed to keep possession of the ball till now. The game pretty much swinging from one end to another. India managing to get the ball out of their half a few times. But clearly USA is on top and they look menacing right now 20:07(IST) span> span> 20:04(IST) That's the first ball inside the attacking third for the USA, the winger tries to cross from the left but the ball is collected safely by Indian goal-keeper Dheeraj Singh 20:03(IST) span> span> Coach de Matos already giving instructions from the sidelines 20:01(IST) The match is about to begin and the Indian team as told by the commentator has actually travelled more than 200,000 air miles during their preparation over the last two years 19:55(IST) Prime Minister Narendra Modi is on the pitch now and he is meeting both the teams. Captain Amarjit Singh introducing the young players to the Indian PM. And this is followed by the national anthem of both the countries. Load More
PREVIEW: More than 50,000 people will be present at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on the opening day of the 2017 FIFA U-17 World Cup on Friday, when hosts India will make their world cup debut across all age groups, male or female. The excitement is expected to touch fever pitch once the referee kicks-off the second game of the day.
The historic moment, something all of India has been waiting for and talking about, will be graced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, though he is not expected to stay for the 8 PM kick-off, which is when the Indian colts will be in action.
The Blue colts, now coached by the Portuguese Luis Norton de Matos, have travelled extensively over the last two years playing a variety of opponents in the process, and one of the teams they faced was USA, who beat them 4-0 in Goa just over a year ago.
There is no doubt that this is a very big moment for Indian football and the task on hand will be daunting.
USA have played in all the editions of this tournament previously, and with the likes of U-20 star Josh Sargent leading the attack, the task on hand only gets harder.
"It is a huge moment for India to be participating in the World Cup. But this is only the first step towards the future," De Matos warned while speaking to the media on the eve of the match.
"The players know very well what they are facing tomorrow, but football is a game where anything can happen. We have to prepare and know the strengths of our opponents and weaknesses," de Matos added.
The Indian colts will be led by the midfielder Amarjit Singh, who along with the likes of Jeakson Singh, Suresh Singh, Aniket Jadhav and Komal Thatal will be expected to shoulder the burden of troubling the US defensive line.
But more than the attack, it is the defence that will be under scrutiny. India will begin without right back Boris Singh who is carrying over a red card offence from earlier, and it is up to the likes of Sanjeev Stalin, Anwar Ali and the USA based Namit Deshpande, who will have to hold strong in front of the goalkeeper Dheeraj Singh.
"The process starts at the back and it will be very crucial to defend well. Everyone will have to defend, because that is the way to get a result," said the coach on the eve of the opening game.
"We create chances, but unlike more established teams we take more chances to find the back of the net." The need of the hour is teamwork to ensure the World Cup dream does not leave a bitter taste in the mouth.
"We have made our sacrifices and worked hard to reach this place, and now the time has come for us to go and give it our best shot," said a confident Amarjit before he heads out for one final practice session ahead of the big game.
"It is essential to not panic in the game because otherwise it will be difficult to replicate the things we have done in training," the coach concluded. "USA is a very strong team in comparison to the Indian team. They have very potent attack, but we will work hard and try to make a game of it and make India proud."
USA, though will not be taking anything for granted against the hosts. "India is a very hardworking team and the home conditions coupled with the massive home support is bound to help them up their game on the day," John Hackworth noted.
One of the aspects that might be of concern to the visiting team will be the local weather conditions, but the young forward Josh Sargent very calmly dodged that bullet saying, "Last year we got used to the conditions pretty quickly and we expect the same this time as well."
"We go into the game as favourites, but we know that India are a good team who will work hard all through the game," he added.
When asked if it would be one sided affair against the hosts defence, Hackworth pointed out, "India's forward line has some exciting talent and unless we can contain them it will be difficult for us to eke out a result in our favour."
"When we played India last year, we won, but the score line is not a true suggestion or estimate of the true potential of the hosts," quipped Hackworth.
Irrespective of the result on the opening day, the much-awaited debut at the world stage is likely to be the reason, world football's 'Sleeping Giant' finally wakes up.
#amarjit singh, #luis norton de matos, #amarjit singh kiyam, #u17 world cup, #fifa, #fifa u-17 world cup, #fifa woorld cup live, #aniket jadhav #sanjiv stalin #komal thatal
Getty Images
While the football-following world was enjoying the first half of Thursday night's Patriots-Buccaneers game, Panthers quarterback Cam Newton posted on social media his apology for making a sexist remark more than 24 hours earlier. Regardless of whether anyone believes the apology was or wasn't sufficient, the apology may have had a separate objective — to give Newton a way to avoid being questioned about the issue by reporters after his next game.
Spin it forward to Sunday in Detroit. Newton goes to the podium, ready to address whatever does, or doesn't, happen against the Lions. Someone asks him about Wednesday's observation that it's “funny” a female reporter would ask about pass routes. And Newton says that he has apologized, and that he has said all he's going to say about it in his video.
Of course, not everyone can pull off the “it's already been addressed” approach. Newton will be facing a room full of reporters, male and female, many of whom may be feeling regret over the failure to ask a “funny how?” follow-up immediately after Newton said what he said. They may not be willing to take “it's already been addressed” for an answer, and they may keep asking him about it.
Newton then will face a dilemma. Does he answer the questions? Or does he walk away, like he did after Super Bowl 50?
Either way, there's still at least one more chapter to this one, and it will play out at or around 4:00 p.m. ET on Sunday.
The Nigerian Navy in Rivers says it has seized a vessel and arrested three suspected smugglers for allegedly shipping undisclosed litres of diesel for sale without approval.
Capt. Suleiman Olorundare, the Commanding Officer of the Nigerian Navy Forward Operating Base, Bonny, disclosed this to newsmen on Wednesday in Port Harcourt.
“MV Orbit II” and three Nigerian crewmen were held on Feb. 5 at Yellow platform on the Bonny Channel by troops on routine patrol of waterways and creeks.
“When our troops boarded the rogue vessel, they demanded for the license to lift the petroleum product and the crewmen couldn't present any document or permit to move the product.
“Subsequently, the vessel was seized and the crewmen arrested on suspicion of engaging in illegal bunkering of petroleum product,” Olorundare said
He said that the navy invited the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) to test the quality and quantity of the diesel as part of its preliminary investigation.
“DPR in the course of investigation confirmed the petroleum product to be illegally refined Automotive Gas Oil (diesel).
“The quantity of the petroleum product has not been determined due to the fact that the vessel had no calibration chart to determine the quantity of product in the vessel's storage tank,” he said.
Olorundare said that the quantity of diesel would be determined by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in the course of further investigation.
He also attributed the current decline in the soot menace and other cases of hydrocarbon pollution in Port Harcourt and its environs to collaborative efforts by the security agencies.
The commanding officer said that apart from the use of Swam Buggy to destroy illegal refineries, the navy had targeted rogue ships to make it difficult for oil thieves to sell their loot.
“We feel that if there is no market for oil thieves to sell their illegally processed petroleum products, the criminals will eventually reduce or end production.
“Also, our focus is to ensure that rogue ships don't enter our waters to lift illegally refined crude oil. We are passionate about putting them out of business,” he said.
Olorundare also gave an assurance that the navy would continue to maintain zero tolerance to all forms of criminality on the waterways as well as maintain 24-hour patrol of the maritime environment.
Receiving the suspects, David Inyang, EFCC's Head of Counterterrorism and General Investigation, commended the navy for its synergy with the commission.
Inyang, who said the commission would conduct speedy investigation into the matter, also pledged that the suspects would be arraigned in court if found culpable.
The captain of MV Orbit II admitted to journalists that the diesel was lifted from Douala in Cameroon without the permission of the Nigerian authorities.
“We thought it was not necessary to seek permission for our entry into Nigeria. We regret our action,” the suspect said.
Getty Images
The Bills saw linebacker Preston Brown sign with the Bengals as a free agent and their search for new players to replace him on the depth chart includes a 2017 member of Brown's new team.
Field Yates of ESPN reports that Kevin Minter visited with the Bills. Minter signed with the Bengals last March and started seven of the nine games he played for Cincinnati last season. Minter, a 2013 second-round pick in Arizona, had 32 tackles in those appearances.
Minter isn't the only veteran linebacker in the mix for Buffalo. John Keim of ESPN.com reported late last week that Will Compton was also slated to visit with the team. Compton spent the last five years with the Redskins and had 19 tackles and an interception in nine games last year.
Brown is the only linebacker to leave Buffalo in free agency, although Ramon Humber remains a free agent. Buffalo has also signed former Jets linebacker Julian Stanford.
TV chef Jamie Oliver and a group of MPs has launched a major offensive against cereals and sweets that could lead to their demise.
The group has called for a ban on cartoon characters promoting sugary food – including the likes of Tony the Tiger, the Milky Bar Kid and the Honey Monster.
As was as axing "brand-generated characters or licensed TV and film characters”, they have also called for junk food adverts before the 9pm TV watershed to be banned.
And they are planning a move to force supermarkets to remove unhealthy snacks – like cereals – from the end of aisles and checkouts, and junk food price promotions restricted.
With thousands flocking to state parks on the Fourth of July, seven of them were full to capacity and closed to additional visitors by Wednesday afternoon, Maryland Natural Resources Police said.
The closed parks, a fraction of the 75 across the state, are:
» Sandy Point State Park in Annapolis
» Rocky Gap State Park in Flintstone
» Patapsco Valley State Park - Avalon Area in Elkridge
» Cunningham Falls State Park in Thurmont
» North Point State Park in Edgemere
» Gunpowder Falls State Park Hammerman Area Beach in Middle River
» Greenbrier State Park in Boonsboro
The closed parks could open up by late Wednesday afternoon as visitors head elsewhere for fireworks and other evening festivities, said Natural Resources Police spokeswoman Candy Thomson.
State parks are declared at capacity when their parking lots fill up, and no further visitors are allowed, she said. After a few hundred parking spots open up, each park is reopened.
Sandy Point in Annapolis, a beach on the western end of the Bay Bridge, filled to its parking lot's 1,500-spot capacity by 9:30 a.m., and Rocky Gap was half full by 8:15 a.m., Thomson said.
Sandy Point is full nearly every summer weekend, she said, but officials didn't know whether it would be on the Wednesday holiday. Natural Resources Police and the Maryland Park Service fully staffed the parks, assuming they might, she said.
“If the Fourth of July was on a weekend, we'd just shrug our shoulders,” Thomson said. “When it's midweek, you're not quite sure what you're going to get.”
cmcampbell@baltsun.com
twitter.com/cmcampbell6
As the shock wore off, questions about the future of “Roseanne” came into focus. Was Tuesday's stunning cancellation the true end of the sitcom reboot, or is there a possibility of the show carrying on in a new incarnation without its titular star?
Multiple sources close to the situation say that there have been extremely preliminary discussions among key players — including executive producer Tom Werner, co-star and EP Sara Gilbert, and showrunner/EP Bruce Helford — about options for keeping the ensemble together in some form without Roseanne Barr. Barr sent the show into a death spiral on Tuesday after posting a racist tweet late Monday night that sparked outrage via social media, so much so that ABC pulled the plug on its most-watched program.
Sources cautioned that Werner, Gilbert, and Helford are realistic about the long odds against keeping the show going without Barr. The hurdles are significant to keeping key cast members on board, plus the challenge of persuading ABC or another network to take a gamble on a show without the star that has always been at its center. Sources said there were no discussions with ABC regarding a possible new path given the drama inherent in the cancellation that came within hours of Barr's tweet equating former Obama administration advisor Valerie Jarrett with an ape. Barr subsequently apologized, but ABC and Disney brass came to the conclusion that they had no choice but to sever ties in light of her offensive statement, which came on the heels of other questionable comments made by Barr via social media.
Nonetheless, a hit show is a rare commodity. Werner and Gilbert were the driving forces in making the reboot happen in the first place. Werner is a partner in the Carsey-Werner Co., which produced the original “Roseanne” series that ran from 1988-1997 on ABC. Gilbert grew up as an actress on the show and by all accounts was integral in breathing new life into the Conner clan. As such, Werner, Gilbert, and Helford (also an alum of the original series) are heavily invested in the revival.
The pain of the cancellation was magnified by the fact that the revival had been wildly successful. It premiered in March to 18 million-plus viewers, and maintained a healthy audience throughout its nine-episode run. In an ironic twist of fate, the show's writing staff was just assembling on the CBS Studio Center lot in Studio City, Calif., on Tuesday morning to begin work on Season 2 when news of ABC's cancellation decision came down. “Roseanne” settled there because Gilbert is a co-host of the CBS daytime panel show “The Talk,” which also tapes on the lot.
Discussions about a possible future for the show were also complicated by Werner being in London on Tuesday. Co-star John Goodman, who would be crucial to any revamped series, is also away with his family and has not been in communication with the “Roseanne” team. But a source close to the actors said he was greatly upset by the cancellation as he had enjoyed revisiting his iconic role as Dan Conner as well as the working atmosphere on the show. “Roseanne” in its original run was known for drama and blow-ups behind the scenes. This time around, by many accounts, production ran much smoother. Sources credited the combination of Werner, Gilbert, and Helford for keeping everyone — especially the notoriously volatile Barr — on an even keel and focused on the work at hand.
Another hurdle to keeping the show going in a new form is the speed with which decisions need to be made. Actors would need some certainty that the show has a future in order to keep their schedules open, particularly for an in-demand thesp like Laurie Metcalf. The same is true for the show's writing staff, which was a strong lineup of sitcom veterans. To make the show economically feasible and use existing sets, producers would need to have a basic timetable for production within a month or so, industry sources said.
One factor that could benefit a resurrection effort is the bill ABC and Carsey-Werner are facing if they do shut down the show for good. Key actors are said to have a minimum 10-episode guarantee for Season 2, which had an initial order of 13 episodes. The highest echelon of writers and producers also have some minimum episodic guarantees. The fact that Carsey-Werner and ABC will have to write those checks regardless could be the impetus for trying to forge ahead, even in less than ideal conditions.
Sources said the writing staff did not assemble Wednesday at CBS Studio Center. “Everyone is still shell-shocked,” a source said.
Perhaps the biggest question hanging over the effort to soldier on is whether viewers will still tune in for a show about the Conner family without the larger-than-life personality of Barr as its comedic engine. But there are numerous logistical and financial hurdles to clear before writers and producers can even begin to think about tackling that challenge.
JERUSALEM: The Middle East saw a fifth day of protests on Monday (Dec 11) over US President Donald Trump's declaration of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, while further global condemnation followed the deeply controversial move.
While tens of thousands of protesters gathered in Lebanon, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met EU foreign ministers in Brussels, declaring that the move he has lauded as historic "makes peace possible".
He also said he expected "all or most" European countries would follow the United States - but the 28-nation bloc's foreign policy head Federica Mogherini gave him a stern rebuff, telling him to "keep his expectations for others".
In Cairo, Russian President Vladimir Putin denounced Trump's decision as "destabilising" while calling for a resumption of long-stalled Israeli-Palestinian talks.
And after meeting Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Ankara later Monday, Putin said the Trump declaration could "derail" peace efforts.
At a joint press conference, Erdoğan said he and Putin had taken a similar approach on the issue, while accusing Israel of continuing to "add fuel to the flames".
Advertisement
Advertisement
Erdoğan has been perhaps the most outspoken of global leaders in warning about the consequences of Trump's move.
Earlier on Monday he said in a speech in Ankara that Washington was a "partner to bloodshed".
Hezbollah, which fought a war with Israel in 2006, organised a demonstration in Beirut in which tens of thousands of people chanted "Death to America!" and "Death to Israel!"
In Tehran, hundreds of diehard Iranian conservatives rallied against Israel and said Trump had hastened its demise by his decision.
In Ramallah in the Israeli-occupied West Bank, dozens of Palestinians threw stones at Israeli soldiers, who responded with tear gas and rubber bullets.
"We came here against Trump's decision and we want to send a message that Jerusalem is and will stay our capital, and we will stay to defend it," one protester in a black ski mask told AFP.
There were also low-level clashes in Hebron and the Gaza Strip.
About 27 Palestinians were wounded by live fire or rubber bullets throughout the day, the Red Crescent said.
Palestinian demonstrations have declined in number and intensity since reaching a peak on Friday, but there are concerns they will again increase later this week.
Late Monday, at least two rockets were fired at Israel from the Gaza Strip, with one intercepted by Israel's missile defence system.
In response, Israel's army said it hit Hamas military positions in the strip with tank and aircraft fire.
There were no immediate reports of casualties on either side.
Four Palestinians have been killed so far in clashes or Israeli air strikes in response to rocket fire from Gaza, and hundreds have been wounded.
'WALKING AWAY'
Tens of thousands of people have protested in Middle Eastern and Muslim nations.
Palestinian leaders are outraged by Trump's move, but they also face difficult choices in how to respond since they rely on US aid and would like to salvage the possibility of a two-state solution to the conflict.
President Mahmud Abbas will refuse to meet US Vice President Mike Pence when he visits the region later this month, Palestinian officials say, a move that led Washington to accuse Abbas of "walking away" from a chance to discuss peace.
Abbas on Monday met Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, a key US ally in the region, ahead of a summit of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation on Wednesday.
Egyptian presidential spokesman Bassam Radi said Sisi reaffirmed Cairo's "firm" position on the need to maintain the legal and historical status of Jerusalem and support for an independent Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as its capital.
Netanyahu, who has been dogged by corruption investigations against him at home, has lauded Trump's declaration.
On Monday, he was in Brussels as part of a two-day trip to Europe after meeting French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris the previous day, on visits planned before Trump's move.
Macron urged Netanyahu to "show courage" and take measures to restart long-stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace efforts, including freezing settlement construction in the West Bank.
But Netanyahu, who heads what is seen as the most rightwing government in Israeli history, showed no sign of obliging, instead blaming the Palestinians for stalled peace efforts.
Monday's parley with EU foreign ministers was the first such meeting with an Israeli premier in 22 years, and came after the bloc's diplomatic chief Federica Mogherini warned that Trump's move could take the situation "backwards to even darker times".
Netanyahu later said he told the ministers to "stop spoiling the Palestinians - tell them clearly". "I think that the Palestinians need to be brought back to earth, to reality," he said.
Mogherini said the "worst thing that can happen now is an escalation of tensions, of violence", and restated the EU's position that a two-state solution with Jerusalem as capital for both Israelis and Palestinians was the only sustainable way to resolve the conflict.
GLOBAL CONDEMNATION
Trump's Jerusalem declaration upended decades of precedent and broke with international consensus, drawing global condemnation.
Jerusalem's status is perhaps the most sensitive issue in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Israel sees the entire city as its undivided capital, while the Palestinians want the eastern sector as the capital of their future state.
Trump noted in his decision that Jerusalem's final status would have to be decided in negotiations between the two sides, but the Palestinians are not convinced.
Many analysts have questioned how a fair peace process could be possible after such a major concession was made without seeming to demand anything in return.
Jerusalem is home to sites sacred to Jews, Christians and Muslims, and the Arab and Muslim world has seen the US move as an affront.
If you are one of the thousands of Winnipeggers who have gone downtown to take part in the Whiteout Street Party, you may have noticed dump trucks parked at major access points.
That's one way Winnipeg Police is trying to prevent something similar to what happened in Toronto Monday when a van struck 25 pedestrians, killing 10.
READ MORE: Toronto van attack: What we know and don't know about the deadly rampage
With close to 16,000 people crammed into tight quarters, police want to do everything possible to ensure people have a safe, good time.
“Part of that is ensuring that there are no vehicles that will either deliberately or inadvertently get through,” Insp. Dave Dalal said. “The one advantage of a movable barrier versus a cement one is that, if there's an emergency within that zone, we still have an access route for emergency personnel to get in. It's a better option for us.”
READ MORE: Jets win game 5; fans erupt at Whiteout Street Party
Dalal, a Special Events Commander, said police don't want to publicly discuss specific tactics, but noted the unpredictable nature of what happened in Toronto.
“We've seen these threats worldwide. The reason that they're so prolific is because they're hard to prevent and easy to carry out,” Dalal explained.
“I can tell you that it's in our minds, we're mindful of it, and our operational plan reflects our capability to deal with it.”
Dalal indicated their approach to the next street party will not change, stressing that their tactics attempt to deal with every type of threat.
WATCH: Winnipeg Police Insp. Dave Dalal said the Toronto attack is in their minds as they make plans for Street Party security
“People should be concerned that people in the world are doing that. You can't prevent these attacks everywhere, as you've seen. Nobody thought it would happen in Toronto, and we don't know what will happen locally but we're doing our best to make sure it doesn't happen here. We've been mindful of this type of threat, and that's why you've seen the large vehicles parked there.”
READ MORE: Winnipeg couple spends first hour of newlywed life at Whiteout Party
He said they re-evaluate their gameplan after each party, making sure they're prepared for an increased footprint and more people showing up.
Details for the next street party have not been released since the NHL has not yet publicly released the schedule for the second round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs.
THE CANADIAN PRESS Apr 17, 2017
FERRYLAND, N.L. — A towering iceberg stationed off Newfoundland's east coast is drawing dozens of people to the small shoreline community sitting in its shadow.
The massive iceberg has become a star attraction in Ferryland, where cars were backed up bumper to bumper Sunday as curious onlookers tried to get a glimpse of it.
Ferryland Mayor Adrian Kavanagh says the numbers took him by surprise, adding that the “onslaught” showed that people are interested “in that kind of stuff.”
Pictures of the iceberg have been making the rounds on social media.
Now, Kavanagh says he has to find a way to keep the iceberg there.
It's been a busy season for icebergs so far, with 616 already having moved into the North Atlantic shipping lanes compared to 687 by the late-September season's end last year.
New Delhi: India's two-day tour game ahead of their three-match Test series in South Africa has been cancelled, Cricket South Africa (CSA) said on Monday.
The Indians have instead, as per CSA, opted for training sessions on those days.
"Please be advised that the two-day warm-up match for India at Eurolux Boland Park will no longer be taking place. India have opted for training sessions on those days," the CSA said in a release.
No official reason has been given for the cancellation of the warm-up game but the change in schedule would mean that India will head into the Test series -- starting 5 January next year in Cape Town -- without a practice match.
Meanwhile, in a first, young pacers Mohammed Siraj, Avesh Khan, Navdeep Saini and Basil Thampi will be travelling with the Indian team to South Africa as net bowlers, a top BCCI official told PTI.
The idea is to help the visiting batsmen prepare well for the South African fast bowlers.
The timings for the day-night ODI matches have been changed too. All the games have been advanced by half an hour.
THE PARENTS of Alfie Evans claim they are giving the toddler mouth-to-mouth resuscitation after losing a bid to send him to Italy for treatment.
Today the High Court ruled Alfie could not be sent to Italy for treatment at the request of lawyers representing his family. His life support was switched off yesterday, but dad Tom Evans says he survived through the night and is still breathing. After the ruling, Tom said he and mum Kate are giving the 23-month old toddler mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. He told reporters: "Both Kate (Alfie's mum) and I had to give him mouth to mouth resuscitation."
ITV CLAIM: Alfie Evans' dad Tom claims he is resuscitating his son
He added: "Now they are saying that he looks really good but we all know he should be in Italy right now." After the ruling, a statement from Alder Hey hospital read: "This evening the High Court again ruled that it is in Alfie's best interests to continue with the end of life care plan developed by the clinical team who have cared for him throughout. "Our top priority therefore remains in ensuring Alfie receives the care he deserves to ensure his comfort, dignity and privacy are maintained throughout. "This includes working closely with Kate and Tom as they spend this precious time together with him.
Alfie Evans in pictures: Heartbreaking photos of Alfie in hospital View the gallery to see Alfie Evans heartbreaking journey in pictures. 1 / 7
The dragons wanted a piece of the action.
Mark Metus, a Collingwood, Ont., chiropractor and his business partner, Greg Phillips, had just demonstrated how their “revolutionary” new product — a line of wearable clips called Neuro Connect — could improve a person's balance, strength and joint function almost instantaneously.
“The technology … creates a phenomenon called quantum entanglement,” Metus told the six dragons in a November segment of the CBC program Dragons' Den, a show where entrepreneurs pitch products to venture capitalists.
Quantum entanglement is a phenomenon that's as difficult to explain to a layman as it is for a scientist to actually observe, let alone control. Leading scientists are still trying to unlock its mysteries, but that hasn't stopped some entrepreneurs from trying to cash in with quantum physics-based products marketed with bold claims beyond anything proven scientifically.
Metus's clips, as Marketplace discovered, are no different.
Metus told the dragons his Neuro Connect clips harness a scientific phenomenon called quantum entanglement. This particular model, the Balance clip, is no longer available because Health Canada says it makes ‘unapproved claims.' (CBC )
But the chiropractor's live demonstrations helped convince five dragons to go in on the deal — a $ 100,000 investment for 30 per cent of the company, NeuroReset Inc.
“It's called science,” said dragon Manjit Minhas, co-owner of Minhas Breweries, Distillery and Wineries. “I love the product and I strongly believe in science.”
Marketplace decided to take a closer look at the company after several Dragons' Den viewers complained the segment had provided a national platform for a product marketed with questionable science.
The deal fell through after the taping, when the dragons do their due diligence, but the company said it has sold more than $ 100,000 worth of product since the episode aired — four times more than before the company's national television debut.
With input from some of this country's top scientists, including a lab test conducted at the University of Toronto, Marketplace found the questions about NeuroReset's claims appear justified.
“If this is true, and passes peer reviews in a respectable journal, it would be really impressive,” said Raymond Laflamme, Canada Research Chair in Quantum Information at the University of Waterloo.
“But I doubt it.”
Stuart Phillips, a professor of kinesiology and Canada Research Chair in Skeletal Muscle Health at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ont., had a more blunt assessment:
“This is snake oil.”
‘That's crazy'
Neuro Connect wearable clips cost between $ 40 and $ 120, and there are different versions for different activities such as golfing, gardening, even office work.
According to the company's website, the clips, some of which have a copper core, are infused with a “subtle energy pattern” that wakes up neurological pathways through quantum entanglement, improving joint and muscle function.
Quantum entanglement was described by Albert Einstein as “spooky action at a distance.” Quantum physicists can't explain why this happens, but the phenomenon involves two or more particles that share a link or correlation at a distance. Imagine a pair of dice that always roll the same number when separated at any distance. Quantum entanglement has only been produced in very specific conditions and is extremely challenging to use.
Nevertheless, the unscientific demonstrations Metus used to persuade the dragons, which are no different than those shown in videos on the company's website, helped seal the deal.
Dragon Michele Romanow tests a Neuro Connect clip. (CBC )
“Walk forward onto one leg and reach up like you're reaching onto a shelf,” Metus instructs dragon Michele Romanow, co-founder of SnapSaves, an online coupon company.
“You're pretty good,” he says as he forces her arm down.
Metus then puts the Neuro Connect Balance clip on Romanow and has her raise her arm again.
“You'll see how much stronger you are,” he says.
This time he can't push her arm down.
“That's crazy,” says dragon Arlene Dickinson, CEO of one of Canada's largest marketing firms.
‘Science-ploitation'
The company's website is full of testimonials from people who claim the clips have helped with stability, pain reduction, even motor skills.
One video features Metus admitting he can't really explain the science behind his line of wonder clips.
“We don't absolutely know how it works; we just know that it works.”
For centuries, consumers have shelled out good money to businesses that use highly complex and unproven scientific claims to sell their wellness wares.
In the 1800s, belts that supposedly harnessed medical electricity were said to cure rheumatism, kidney and stomach troubles, and boost a person's energy.
More recently, in 2008, a U.S. Federal Court ordered the marketers of the Q-Ray Ionized Bracelet — a product that claimed to relieve chronic pain — to refund its customers millions of dollars for fraudulent advertising.
A decade ago, the maker of the Q-Ray bracelet had to refund millions of dollars to consumers because of unproven health claims. (CBC)
Quantum physics appears to be the latest wellness fad frontier.
Actor Gwyneth Paltrow's lifestyle website Goop, for example, has cited quantum physics to support alternative therapies for treating lyme disease, and even to explain why water has feelings.
“It's science-ploitation,” said Timothy Caulfield, Canada Research Chair in Health Law and Policy at the University of Alberta. “It's been used for a long time.”
Clip tests
Marketplace conducted its own tests using Neuro Connect Lifestyle clips.
With the help of experts at the University of Toronto's Institute of Biomaterials and Biomedical Engineering, 10 participants were asked to do two tests: a static standing balance test and a grip strength test to measure whether the clips had any effect.
Each participant did the strength and balance test three times — once with Neuro Connect clips, once with a set of name tag clips and once with no clips. It was double-blind — neither those conducting the test nor the participants were told which clips were being used.
Marketplace put Neuro Connect clips to the test at the University of Toronto's Institute of Biomaterials and Biomedical Engineering. (CBC)
The results showed there was virtually no difference for either strength or balance when using the Neuro Connect Lifestyle clip, name tag clip or no clip.
Metus disputes Marketplace's test results and said he will begin conducting his own studies soon.
‘Moral responsibility'
Joe Mimran, founder of Joe Fresh and Club Monaco and one of the dragons who went in on the deal, admits it's easy to get caught up in the moment when the cameras are on.
“You're in the heat of the deal,” he said.
“Nobody wants to sell a product that's not living up to its claims.”
Prior to the show's taping, the dragons know nothing about the product or pitch, so, like the audience, they're seeing it for the very first time.
Dragon Joe Mimran says he found Metus's pitch convincing when the cameras were rolling. (CBC)
“They seemed very credible. Chiropractor. He has a practice And there were all the science behind it. The mumbo jumbo of the science,” Mimran said.
“It's business romance and you fall for it.”
Executive producer Tracie Tighe was asked what responsibility the show has to protect consumers from products that make false or outlandish claims.
“The entertainment value of this first meeting is what appeals to our viewers and is the pillar of success for this reality format,” she said in an email. “The pitchers sign extensive releases/agreements and they are required to confirm their business proposals comply with all applicable legislation.”
Entertainment or not, Caulfield said he's “disappointed” Dragons' Den helped legitimize products that had very little science behind them.
“Do they have a technical legal responsibility to be sure that there's accurate information out there? I'm not sure,” he said. “But I'd like to believe they have a moral responsibility.”
Rules broken?
A complaint to Health Canada in November prompted two Neuro Connect products to be pulled from shelves for making “unapproved claims.”
The company was required to stop selling the Neuro Connect Balance clip and Neuro Connect Balance Spray because it didn't get the required medical device and natural health product licences from Health Canada.
But several other Neuro Connect products — including the Lifestyle clip that Marketplace tested — are still available.
In an email, Health Canada said it's investigating potential additional claims for two other Neuro Connect products. The agency said appropriate action will be taken if it finds compliance issues.
NeuroReset offers a 30-day money-back guarantee if its products don't work. And Metus said he is still trying to get licences from Health Canada for the two products the agency flagged.
When asked whether he's a snake oil salesman, Metus told Marketplace, “Everybody has an opinion, and that's quite alright.”
He said he stands by his products and will continue to sell them even though he doesn't fully understand how the science works.
“Can you criticize me for no peer reviewed studies? Absolutely,” he said. “We're helping too many people, which is why I'm standing up for it.”
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | Health News
SINGAPORE: Malaysia's decision to drop its legal challenges on Pedra Branca's sovereignty is not a surprise, said Professor S Jayakumar on Thursday (May 31), who added that the latest development has “put the matter to rest amicably”.
Professor S Jayakumar is the chair of Singapore's Pedra Branca International Court of Justice (ICJ) Committee. Alongside Attorney-General Lucien Wong, Professor Tommy Koh and former Chief Justice Chan Sek Keong, they form the core of the country's legal team for this case.
Advertisement
Professor Jayakumar, Professor Koh and Mr Chan were also part of the original team that argued Singapore's case at The Hague in 2007.
In response to media queries about Malaysia's decision to discontinue legal proceedings, Professor Jayakumar said in a statement that he was “very surprised” when the former Malaysian government filed two applications to the International Court of Justice (ICJ) last year to revise and to interpret a 2008 judgement that awarded the sovereignty of Pedra Branca to Singapore.
The former deputy prime minister said the Singapore team, alongside the foreign legal counsel, felt that Malaysia's cases “had very weak legal basis”.
“We were very confident of our own legal case on both applications,” he said. “Therefore I am not surprised that the new Malaysian Government had proposed to discontinue both these cases. This has put the matter to rest amicably.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
He added that he began working with the legal team on the cases since last February, and that all members of the team were fully prepared for the upcoming oral hearings at the ICJ.
“Some members of the team are disappointed that the cases will not be heard. They had put in a lot of work and were looking forward to arguing our cases before the ICJ Judges,” he added.
Nevertheless, Professor Jayakumar said he has been cheered by the way the Singapore team has worked on the cases throughout the past one and a half years.
He was, for one, “very impressed” by the legal acumen and dedication of the younger lawyers in the team.
“The more senior lawyers … have worked very well with the younger international lawyers in the team,” he said. “We now have a new generation of highly competent international lawyers. We are in good hands when similar international legal disputes arise in the future.”
He also highlighted the “great inter-agency team effort”, which involved close collaboration between various agencies like the Attorney-General's Chambers and Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
He also acknowledged the “excellent trio of foreign legal counsel”, comprising Professor Alain Pellet, Mr Rodman Bundy and Mr Daniel Muller.
We're still not sure about what the plans are for Google Voice but it's still alive and kicking. One of the things that people find useful in this service is the call recording feature, which apparently they also don't know what to do with. They removed it at first and then recently brought it back with an update last month. But for the past two weeks, users have been complaining that there were problems with recording their voice calls. The good news is that it seems to have been fixed as of now.
The problems that users were experiencing while using the voice recording feature of Google Voice were varied and there were a lot. But more importantly, some of the recordings done during that period may have actually disappeared, which is a pretty big problem for those who are dependent on this feature. But after a couple of weeks, it seems to have already been resolved, although we're not even sure what caused it in the first place.
Google did not make an official announcement about the incident. But in one of their responses to a post complaining about the issue, they acknowledged that they were able to resolve the issue already and that the voice recording feature should be working properly already. Their engineers are still looking into why it was acting up and they are also looking into the recordings that may have disappeared during this time.
You can check if your recordings are still intact by going to the overflow menu, open Legacy Google Voice, and then select Recorded Calls from the More section. If any of your recordings are missing, then you'd have to wait for more news from Google to see if they will be able to resolve it and bring them back.
VIA: Android Police
Follow our new CNA LIFESTYLE page on Facebook for more dining stories and videos
SINGAPORE: If you're dining at a restaurant and you glance into its kitchen, chances are, amidst the flurry of pots, pans and plates, you'll see a heavily inked arm here and a full sleeve there – grayscale patterns on skin weaving through the method and madness.
Advertisement
Chefs are known for being visual artists when it comes to what's on the plate, but from the empirical evidence, it certainly seems like they enjoy making canvases of their bodies, too.
Why do so many of them have an affinity with tattoo art? Kenneth Foong, head chef at Cure, feels it has to do with the profession's particular brand of emotion and expression. "I think chefs tend to be the kind of people who wear their hearts on their sleeves – quite literally," he said.
It helps that "in our working environment, people don't judge that much," said Jeremmy Chiam of Le Binchotan. “People would probably be sceptical of, say, a doctor with a full sleeve.”
In a kitchen, where you have to roll up your sleeves and get to work, you're allowed – maybe even encouraged – to communicate your sensibilities in the most direct way possible.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But what's the point of expressing yourself with body art if nobody asks you about it?
We asked if we could explore the stories of these chefs by navigating our way through their tats – and found a maze of heartfelt narratives living on the skin of their arms.
JEREMMY CHIAM: A CHEF'S ASCENT, A FATHER'S LOVE
Jeremmy Chiam of Le Binchotan. (Photo: Aik Chen)
Jeremmy Chiam isn't just the head chef of buzzy, back-alley-chic Le Binchotan in Amoy Street. As of December last year, the 32-year-old has taken over the reins and is now chef-owner, piloting the business as the kitchen serves up his signature French-Japanese dishes, shot through with the smokiness of binchotan or Japanese white charcoal.
It's not the easiest path to choose for someone who describes himself as happiest in the kitchen, but the chef constantly pushes himself out of familiar territory into brave new worlds for one reason only: His son.
For the past seven years, Chiam has been a single dad to nine-year-old Asher, and the ace of spades inked on the inside of his left bicep is a reminder that "I want to ace whatever I do for my son".
Another tattoo, of a cherub with a banner proclaiming, "Don't you worry, child", was inked onto the inside of his right bicep after his divorce, during which he obtained full custody of his son. "I was in bad shape back then. After things got on course again, I went and got this," he said.
On his left torso, a giant black koi swims powerfully up his back towards his shoulder blades. "In Japanese culture, black koi represent determination and perseverance," he said. "Throughout the course of my career, it's always been 'never back down'. Even when I'm at the bottommost point in my life, I'll crawl back up. Legend has it that if a koi is able to swim past the strong current to reach the dragon's gate, it will one day become a dragon."
For Chiam, who honed his skills working in kitchens, including that of modern European institution Iggy's, inspiration is abundant in Japanese culture, thanks to one of his early mentors Yoshitake Hiroki of Michelin-starred Sola in Paris. This is evident in his creations, such as uni and caviar on corn mousse, or littleneck clams served with vichyssoise and sake broth.
What goes into Le Binchotan's Uni & Caviar dish. (Photo: daphotographer)
The black koi motivates him to keep challenging himself. "In life, no matter what you do, whether you're a chef or something else, there are always ups and downs. If you don't go against the current, you'll be swept away. It's about pushing yourself to the end," he said.
As chef-owner of the restaurant, he is able to express himself "further and better". "When you work for somebody, sometimes, the business owners only care about numbers, or they don't understand the direction. Sometimes, they don't even understand food. I want to stick to what I believe in, that food is for everybody, and everybody should have the chance to savour it. People should be able to enjoy quality food without spending lots of money on it."
One of his favourite meals to cook is the daily staff meal at Le Binchotan. "We all sit and eat together, even the cleaner. We see one another more than we see our own families, so the staff meal is something I place a lot of emphasis on."
They say that food is about love and family; in Chiam's case, that's true in more ways than one, and that truth is inscribed on his body.
KENNETH FOONG: PAST, PRESENT, FUTURE AND FLOW
Kenneth Foong of Cure. (Photo: Aik Chen)
The first piece of ink that modern European restaurant Cure's head chef Kenneth Foong decided to put on his body was both an introspective guiding force, and an homage to the culinary forces that shaped him: The phrase, "Tourne vers demain mais soucieux d'hier".
The motto of renowned French chef Pierre Gagnaire, it means "looking towards tomorrow but respectful of yesterday," explained the 29-year-old. Gagnaire is the mentor of Andre Chiang, with whom Foong began his career in fine dining at Restaurant Andre in 2010. He went on to work for six and a half years in New York City in the kitchens of Eleven Madison Park and Betony before returning to Singapore nearly two years ago.
Foong recalls how Chiang's cuisine was about building on and respecting the classical principles of cooking, while attempting innovation and pushing himself to be better. "That's what he used to tell me. I held on to that for a very long time."
Having worked in some of the world's top restaurants, Foong is a chef who holds to a philosophy of studied simplicity. "The way I compose my food tends to be with very clean lines. A lot of technique goes into making said food, but you may not necessarily see it on the plate. It's not a plate with 25 different elements that looks like a skate park. Instead, the essence of simplicity is in it. That does not mean it's simple to make, but that it's not unnecessarily complicated."
Chef Kenneth Foong's white asparagus tart. (Photo: Instagram/cure_singapore)
Clean lines happen to be what he appreciates in tattoos, too. "I like very traditional, Japanese Irezumi-styled tattoos, but I don't want their bold lines – I tend to like a lot of details and very clean lines," he said. "A lot of my work tends to lean towards more neo-classical Japanese styles. If I were to sum it all up, I would use the word flow – you can see water, you can see flowy hair."
On each of his biceps sits a woman with undulating hair: The one on the left is modelled after an art piece by Japanese-American artist Audrey Kawasaki; the one on the right, a painting by Taiwanese-American artist James Jean. The struggles and triumphs of these artists inspire him, as do their works, in disparate ways.
On his arms, there are also the patterned tentacles of an octopus through which small red flowers weave their way. There are foliage, cresting waves, and the Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building and the World Trade Centre – icons of a city that welcomed him, trained him and honed his culinary identity.
"A lot of the artwork is modernism, but not quite. The way that I cook tends to be like that, too. I'm classically trained, so I use French techniques, of course, but a lot of it also draws on flavours that I'm familiar with and competent in. I draw from a lot of Japanese cuisines – working with Andre opened a door to all those flavours – and a lot of local flavours as well," he said.
And while food is this artist's chosen medium, art is also a stimulating force. "It's important to look for creativity or inspiration outside the medium that you're comfortable with," he said.
SAM CHABLANI: FROM DESTRUCTION TO PEACE
Sam Chablani of Fat Lulu's. (Photo: Aik Chen)
A beetroot, an ear of corn and a cinnamon stick dance around a whisk; a Peugeot pepper mill and what he calls "a war chicken in a pot" sit on the left forearm of Chef Sam Chablani - the lean, mean, grillin' machine of Asian barbecue restaurant Fat Lulu's.
The 34-year-old has taken charcoal-grilled satay and smoky ribs to new heights of audacity, but if you ask him about his cuisine, he'll just tell you: "Essentially, I just burn everything and I enjoy it."
There's also a steampunk squid on his right arm because "I really love squid. I was obsessed with cooking squid for the longest time." Guess that tattoo is what you'd call squid ink.
Chablani is currently on hiatus, having closed Fat Lulu's in its River Valley location, but is gearing up to re-open in a central location come Oct 1. (Meanwhile, you can catch him grilling at the electronic music festival Ultra Singapore next month.)
On the inside of Chablani's right forearm sits his very first tattoo, which he got at the age of 27 while working at the Michelin-starred Gotham Bar and Grill in New York City: The simple words, "Live to cook".
"During that week, I had connected more with food than ever before. For the first time in my life, I realised that this was what I wanted to do for the rest of my life: I wanted to cook," he said, adding: "The best part was that I was away from my mum, so she couldn't yell at me for getting a tattoo."
Chef Sam Chablani's Spicy BBQ Full Rack Pork Ribs. (Photo: John Heng)
His second piece of ink consists of the words, "Be the change", on his right forearm. "When I came back to Singapore, I was very frustrated by the food scene here. A lot of it was freezer-to-fryer, salaries were really low, anybody who wanted to be a chef was looked down upon. And if you were a girl, it was like, just become a pastry chef. It was a very negative industry about six years ago, before the rise of culinary schools," he said.
"So, I made it a point that one day, no matter what I did, I would try to change the way people viewed this industry."
For Chablani, this meant becoming "a chef instead of just a cook", so that he could provide an environment for young chefs to learn. "It's not just about food. Food is just 20 per cent of it. It's about your attitude," he said.
Next came the words, "Cook with your heart", inscribed on a knife on the outside of his right arm. This is his favourite tattoo, he said. Chablani had it done when, during a stint as head chef of The Steakhouse in Clark Quay, he had sharpened his skills so finely that he was able to sense rhythms in cooking.
"You could look at the steak and tell when it needed to be flipped. These were feelings I was overwhelmed by. It was like this amazing high," he said. "You could close your eyes and imagine a whole service – and you would be completely chill after a storm. That was what 'cook with your heart' was about – letting go and focusing on what's within instead of what's in front of you."
The panoply of kitchen paraphernalia came later, along with the words, "Curiosity", "Obsession" and "Clarity", standing for his idea development process.
Even though the piece comprises his favourite foods and tools of his trade, he calls it a "dark" tattoo because "at that point in time, I was a very angry chef". A partnership with unreliable investors resulted in his opening a restaurant that closed within three months, forcing him to fight for the staff to be paid their salaries. "That was the dark part in my life in cooking, where I was destroying myself," he said.
Confidence was fought for and salvaged by way of being appointed consultant chef when barbecue restaurant Naughty Nuri's opened at Capitol Piazza, and by the time he opened Fat Lulu's, he had gained valuable lessons and regained peace of mind.
Eventually, he said, he'll ink his way up his arms, moving "up into something with a more heightened state of inner peace".
"I'm trying to build a deeper connection with food and with myself. The obsession is there always," he said.
Hair and makeup: Joanna Ang, Sono Bello
President Muhammadu Buhari and the Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, on Friday met behind closed doors at the Presidential Villa, over some of the problems facing the state.
In an interview with State House correspondents at the end of the meeting, Obaseki said he discussed the problem of human trafficking facing the state with the President.
The governor said it was against the ethos of humanity to accept the trend which he said was common among young people.
He said his administration was ready to work with the Federal Government and its relevant agencies to tackle the problem.
He said, “I discussed two critical issues that bother us in Edo with the President.
“The first is the issue of human trafficking and illegal migration.
“As you know, this is a problem with Edo, which we have accepted and we have rolled out our strategies to deal with it.
“We want to work with the Federal Government and agencies of government to end this scourge of human trafficking and modern slavery.
“It is against the ethos of humanity for us to accept what is going on with our young people today.
“So, I came to see the President to explain what we are doing in Edo State and to solicit for more federal support for our action.”
On some returnees expressing dissatisfaction with the stipends given them, the governor said, “That is part of the challenge.
“The issues are very complex. The first set that were brought back by International Organisation for Migration were given stipends, but the last set of returnees that were repatriated, nothing was given to them and they were a bit agitated.
“What we have done in Edo is to help retunees settle and be reintegrated into their families. We give them stipends for three months.
“So, what we have done this time around is to bring them to Benin city and then give them first stipend to go back home and then be able to attend the skills acquisition centres which we have set up to train them.”
Advertisement
A Federal High Court in Lagos on Tuesday fixed March 1 for the commencement of the trial of a former Governor of Oyo State, Rashidi Ladoja, charged with N4.7 billion fraud.
Ladoja is charged alongside one of his aides, Waheed Akanbi, by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on an eight-count charge bordering on fraud.
The court fixed a new date after the prosecution counsel, Oluwafemi Olabisi, asked the court for an adjournment to enable him supply the defence team with names of more witnesses that would testify in the matter.
Before the request for adjournment, Olabisi's attempt to examine the first prosecution witness in the case had been rebutted by Bolaji Onilenla and Olumide Fusika, lawyers to the defendants.
They argued that the witness could not testify because his name was not on the list of witnesses earlier supplied to them by the anti-graft agency in 2008.
The defence lawyers said that the move by the commission was simply to ambush them, contrary to the provisions of the Administration of Criminal Justice Act.
Advertisement
In his response, Olabisi admitted the error, but pointed out that at the time of filing the case nine years ago, the Administration of Criminal Justice Law had yet to be enacted.
He, therefore, urged the court to adjourn the proceedings to enable him to file additional proof of evidence to rectify the error.
After listening to counsel, Justice Mohammed Idris adjourned commencement of trial in the case until March 1.
The EFCC had in November 2008 arraigned the duo on a 10-count charge of conspiring to convert properties and resources derived from an illegal act to personal use with intent to conceal their illicit origin.
The EFCC also alleged that Ladoja used N42million out of the proceeds to purchase an Armoured Land Cruiser Jeep and remitted about 600,000 pounds to one Bimpe Ladoja in London.
Ladoja and Akanbi, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges levelled against them.
CLEVELAND — A bag that washed ashore near a private harbour has been confirmed as coming from a small plane carrying six people that disappeared over Lake Erie near Cleveland, authorities said Monday as they resumed a search for the missing aircraft.
The city said there have been multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of Burke Lakefront Airport, where a plane carrying a family of four and two neighbours departed late Thursday. John T. Fleming, chief executive of a Columbus-based beverage distribution company, was piloting. His wife, Sue, their two teenage sons, Jack and Andrew, and two neighbours were also aboard.
Police confirmed that a bag recovered Sunday was from the aircraft. It was found near Shoreby Club Harbor in Bratenahl, a small lakeside community. No other details were released immediately.
The other debris hadn't been verified as coming from the Cessna 525 Citation.
The aircraft was headed to Ohio State University Airport, northwest of downtown Columbus. The plane suddenly lost altitude about 2 miles (3 km) out, according to a flight-tracking service.
Fleming's father has said the family and friends went to a Cleveland Cavaliers basketball game.
The city of Cleveland said there were light winds and fairly calm waters Monday for seven vessels and four dive teams searching waters 35 to 45 feet deep. The search grid area is some 2.5 miles (4 km) from east to west along the shoreline and 2 miles (3 km) north to south into the lake.
The U.S. Coast Guard and crews from Cleveland city agencies, the cities of Akron and Toledo, Ohio's Department of Natural Resources, New York State Police and Underwater Marine Contractors are involved in the search by air, shore and water.
The Coast Guard began searching the air after being notified soon after the plane's disappearance. High waves and blustery conditions prevented smaller Coast Guard boats from the Cleveland area from deploying Thursday night. A 140-foot Coast Guard cutter joined a search that covered 128 square miles (332 sq. km) of the lake on Friday.
Weather and water conditions didn't allow for recovery efforts to begin Saturday, but crews searched for the plane until darkness fell Sunday.
The Federal Aviation Administration and National Transportation Safety Board are investigating.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD/AP) — Rue21 is closing nearly 400 stores, including several in West Michigan.
The teen clothing store said it was closing about one-third of its stores nationwide as it focuses more on its online business.
The company's stores at Centerpointe Mall in Grand Rapids, Tanger Outlets in Byron Township, Riley Plaza in Holland and Maple Hill Pavilion in Kalamazoo are all slated to shut down, according to rue21's website. The company said “rueBUCKS” would not be accepted at stores that are closing.
In a Facebook post, the Pennsylvania-based company called the decision to close the stores “difficult but necessary.” Like many brick-and-mortar retailers, Rue21 has been battling declining mall traffic amid strong competition online.
The company didn't say how soon the stores will close, though its website is promoting store-closing sales.
More than 700 stores in 48 states will remain open, including sites at Green Ridge Square in Walker, RiverTown Crossings in Grandville, and The Lakes Mall in Muskegon.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
KABUL: Afghan President Ashraf Ghani left open on Saturday (Feb 3) the possibility for talks with militants who accept peace but said the door was closed to those who cause tragedies like recent attacks in the capital, Kabul.
An attack on the Intercontinental Hotel in Kabul on Jan 20 and a suicide bombing on a crowded city street a week later have stoked public anger and stepped up pressure on Ghani's Western-backed government to improve security.
The attacks, which killed more than 130 people and were claimed by the Taliban, have also raised fresh doubt about long-running efforts to initiate talks with the insurgents.
The president's office said on Tuesday the militants had crossed a "red line" and peace would have to be won on the battle field.
But Ghani raised the possibility of reconciliation with some militants in a speech to Islamic clerics in Kabul.
"Those who are responsible for this tragedy and do not want peace, the door of peace is closed to them," Ghani said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Those who accept peace, they will witness that the nation will embrace them. But there is a clear difference, our commitment to bringing peace does not mean we will sit quietly and won't retaliate."
"We will dig them out from any hiding holes."
Afghanistan's government has made such vows for years but the insurgency appears ever more resilient. Peace efforts have been made in fits and starts but without progress.
US President Donald Trump appeared to dash any hope for peace efforts on Monday when he condemned the Taliban for the Kabul violence and rejected the idea of talks.
Trump last year ordered an increase in US troops, air strikes and other assistance to Afghan forces, to force the Taliban to negotiate.
But his comments on Monday suggested he saw a military victory over the Taliban, an outcome that US military and diplomatic officials said could not be achieved with the resources and manpower he had authorized.
US Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan said in Kabul on Tuesday the US strategy had not changed and the aim was still to press the Taliban militarily to convince them that they had to negotiate.
The Taliban are fighting to drive out foreign troops and re-establish their form of strict Islamic law.
Afghanistan has long accused neighbouring Pakistan of failing to act against Taliban plotting violence from safe havens on the Pakistani side of the border.
On Friday, Ghani accused Pakistan of being the "Taliban centre" and said he was waiting for Pakistani action.
Pakistan denies helping the Taliban and a Pakistani delegation led by Foreign Secretary Tehmina Janjua visited Kabul on Saturday with the aim of fostering cooperation. Janjua called for both sides to stop the "blame game", Pakistani media reported.
The United States said last month it would cut security aid to Pakistan, complaining it was not doing enough to fight militants sheltering there.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Florida defensive tackle Taven Bryan has decided to forgo his senior year and enter the NFL draft.
Bryan announced his decision Monday on Twitter, saying coach Dan Mullen's return to Gainesville “made this decision very difficult because I have the highest regard for him.” Bryan ultimately, though, chose to move on.
The 6-foot-4, 291-pound junior from Casper, Wyoming, had 40 tackles and four sacks this season. His size, strength and quickness have NFL scouts projecting him to be an early round pick.
Bryan is the second Florida player to turn pro since the season ended.
Receiver Antonio Callaway, who was suspended for all of the 2017 season, signed with Atlanta-based agent Mel Bratton last week and hopes to get drafted. Callaway was one of nine Florida players suspended all season for alleged credit card fraud. Callaway and six others entered a pretrial intervention program that could result in the dismissal of felony charges.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
The President of the Senate, Dr. Abubakar Bukola Saraki, has said he remains a member of the Progressives Congress.
Saraki said this in reaction to the formation of a new party, Reformed APC, by some aggrieved members on Wednesday, a development to which his name had been linked.
But he said shortly after the formation of the party became public knowledge that he remains a member of the APC.
In fact, his aide on New Media, Olu Onemola, said the president of the Senate was in a meeting with the National Chairman of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, as at press time.
Crews battling a massive wind-driven California wildfire that has torched nearly 800 buildings and charred 230,000 acres are bracing on Monday to protect communities menaced by flames along the state's scenic coastline.
SANTA BARBARA, Calif.: Crews battling a massive wind-driven California wildfire that has torched nearly 800 buildings and charred 230,000 acres are bracing on Monday to protect communities menaced by flames along the state's scenic coastline.
The Thomas Fire ignited last week and is burning in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, about 100 miles northwest of Los Angeles.
"Fire will continue to threaten the communities of Carpenteria, Summerland, Montecito and surrounding areas," the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (Cal Fire)said in a Sunday night update.
Santa Ana winds and the rugged mountainous terrain have hindered firefighters as they battle the blaze, which has destroyed 790 houses, outbuildings and other structures and left 90,000 homes and businesses without power.
"A lot of these guys (firefighters) have fought a lot of fires in the past few months and are fatigued," said Fire Captain Steve Concialdi, spokesman for the Thomas Fire.
Concialdi said firefighters from 11 Western states are aiding firefighting efforts.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The fire is 10 percent contained, down from 15 percent on Saturday after it blew up on Sunday, growing by 56,000 acres in one day and making a run of 7 miles, Concialdi said.
Nearly 5,800 firefighting personnel are working on the blaze, Cal Fire said. The cost of fighting as of Sunday was nearly US$34 million, the agency added. It is already the fifth-largest wildfire on record in California.
At the University of California, Santa Barbara, final exams set for this week have been postponed, Chancellor Henry Yang said in a letter to the campus community. Air quality and transportation issues, along with power outages that have affected the school's information technology department, forced the delay of exams until January.
Some of the other fires burning over the past week in San Diego and Los Angeles counties have been largely controlled by the thousands of firefighters on the ground this week.
Both the Creek and Rye fires in Los Angeles County were 90 percent contained by Sunday morning, officials said, while the Skirball Fire in the posh Bel Air neighbourhood of Los Angeles was 75 percent contained.
North of San Diego, the 4,100-acre (1,660 hectare) Lilac Fire was 75 percent contained by Sunday and most evacuation orders had been lifted.
(Reporting by Phoenix Tso; Additional reporting by Mike Blake in San Diego, Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles and Keith Coffman in Denver; Writing by Joseph Ax and Dan Whitcomb; Editing by Peter Graff)
A U.S. jury on Friday found that the former chief executive of F-Squared Investments Inc, once the largest U.S. money manager creating portfolios out of exchange-traded funds, violated federal securities laws.
BOSTON: A U.S. jury on Friday found that the former chief executive of F-Squared Investments Inc, once the largest U.S. money manager creating portfolios out of exchange-traded funds, violated federal securities laws.
The federal jury in Boston sided with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in finding that former F-Squared CEO Howard Present intended to defraud investors or was reckless in how he touted the history of his company's flagship investment product.
The verdict came after lawyers for both sides delivered closing arguments following a four-week trial. The verdict will allow the SEC to ask a federal judge to impose an injunction and order Present to forfeit earnings and pay penalties.
Present, the co-founder of Wellesley, Massachusetts-based F-Squared, denied wrongdoing. His lawyer declined to comment.
The SEC sued Present in 2014 on the same day it announced F-Squared had agreed to pay US$35 million and admit wrongdoing to resolve claims it misled investors by falsely advertising the performance of an investment product called AlphaSector.
At its height, F-Squared was one of the largest U.S. firms of its kind, with more than US$28 billion invested with it, the SEC said. It filed for bankruptcy in 2015.
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to the SEC, beginning in September 2008, Present began marketing AlphaSector as having a successful record dating back to 2001 that was based on a multibillion-dollar wealth manager's strategy.
"But really, it was all made up," SEC lawyer Rachel Hershfang told jurors on Friday.
In truth, the data F-Squared used to market AlphaSector was based on an algorithm developed by a college student at a nearby firm and was applied to historical market data, resulting in a hypothetical performance, the SEC said.
The SEC also said an F-Squared analyst who calculated the hypothetical numbers made a mistake in the process that substantially inflated the investment performance that appeared in marketing materials Present wrote.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Despite learning about the error, Present did not tell the analyst to correct it and continued using the inflated performance figures, the SEC said.
Present's lawyer, Anthony Fuller, told jurors in his closing argument that his client honestly believed that the strategy AlphaSector was based on had actually been used with real client funds when he licensed it from another firm.
"He reasonably believed in what he was saying," Fuller said.
The case is Securities and Exchange Commission v. Present, U.S. District Court, District of Massachusetts, No. 14-cv-14692.
(Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston; Editing by Andrew Hay and Jonathan Oatis)
The Regional Trial Court (RTC) Branch 18 Judge Gilbert Moises orders status quo on the operation of Banco De Oro (BDO) branches in Cebu City until March 6.
The decision was made after a closed door meeting between the lawyers of both BDO and Cebu City Hall as well as Mayor Tomas Osmeña on Wednesday afternoon.
Another hearing is set on February 27 for the petition for a preliminary injunction by BDO.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: BDO apologizes for problems caused by threat of Cebu branch closures)
In the meantime, Judge Moises also encouraged both parties to discuss among themselves and try to come up with an amicable settlement on the issue.
The judge also ordered both parties to submit their respective memorandums within ten days on the pending petition for a preliminary injunction by BDO.
Last month, Osmeña filed a case against BDO Magallanes-Plaridel branch for under declaring its gross annual income in 2016.
READ:BDO granted TRO)
He also hinted at the possible closure of 26 BDO branches in the city after he ordered to put on hold their renewed business permits.
On Monday, the Regional Trial Court has also issued a 72-hour Temporary Restraining Order (TRO) preventing Cebu City Mayor Tomas Osmeña from closing the Magallanes Branch of Banco de Oro (BDO) Unibank.
Los Angeles tourism officials are launching an advertising campaign Tuesday with the message “Everyone is welcome” — a clear response to President Trump's proposed travel ban.
The campaign features a 93-second music video showing people of various ethnic backgrounds hugging, dancing and skateboarding near iconic L.A. tourism spots including the Original Farmer's Market, Walt Disney Concert Hall, Venice Beach and Olvera Street.
As “Real Love Baby” by Father John Misty plays, two young men share a kiss on a rainbow-colored staircase and a jogger greets a friend sitting on a restaurant patio in a wheelchair, holding the world's calmest Chihuahua.
The video will play on the social media sites for Discover Los Angeles, the tourism board for the region. It will also appear in social media feeds in Canada, Mexico, China, Britain and Australia. Discover Los Angeles doesn't have any plans currently to buy TV advertising time for the message.
Although the video doesn't mention Trump by name or attack his travel bans, Los Angeles tourism officials said the campaign was intended to fight the message that L.A. doesn't welcome foreign visitors.
“Diversity and inclusivity have always been cornerstones of Los Angeles culture, but there has never been a more crucial time to reinforce these points,” said Ernest Wooden Jr., chief executive of Discover Los Angeles.
Trump has attempted to impose two travel bans, both temporarily prohibiting visitors from largely Muslim countries. Both have been blocked by federal courts, pending reviews.
Travel industry experts say they fear that Trump's bans have sent the message that the U.S. — home to a $2.1-trillion travel industry — isn't open to all tourists.
There is yet no conclusive data to show that travel has dropped since Trump's most recent ban was announced. However, a survey of 324 corporate travel managers from the U.S. and Europe found that 37% of U.S. travel managers expect the new ban will reduce travel to the U.S. while 47% of European managers said they expect a reduction.
The survey, conducted on behalf of the Global Business Travel Assn., a trade group for the world's business travel managers, also found that the ban made 34% of travel managers worried about harassment of U.S. travelers visiting the Middle East.
Los Angeles County hosted 47.3 million visitors last year, representing the sixth consecutive year of record-breaking tourism.
In L.A. County, an “anti-welcome” message could mean the loss of 800,000 international visitors over a three-year period, according to a forecast by Tourism Economics, an independent research firm. International visitors spend an average of about $920 during each visit Los Angeles, totaling a potential loss of $736 million in direct tourism spending.
hugo.martin@latimes.com
To read more about the travel and tourism industries, follow @hugomartin on Twitter.
Super Bowl LII is looming large ahead, and fans are getting excited. To watch the Philadelphia Eagles go up against the New England Patriots, of course, but also to see the amazing musical performances scheduled to go down at the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis. Unfortunately, there's just one slight hitch. Pink is battling the flu in the hours before she's set to perform the Star-Spangled Banner at the big game, and fans are worried about whether or not she's going to be able to manage.
The Grammy award-winning singer and mom of two took to Instagram on Saturday to let fans know that she was struggling with the flu for a mom-related reason:
Trying to practice the flu away. I've been waiting to sing this song since 1991 when I saw my idol, Whitney Houston, own this song. And now, my chance has finally come. And it just so happens that this chance comes when I have two small Petri dish kids who literally cough INTO MY MOUTH and rub their snot on my cheek.
Isn't this always the way with kids? You finally get to sing the national anthem in front of millions of people and they give you their flu.
Not that the "So What" singer is actually blaming her 6-year-old daughter Willow or 1-year-old son Jameson. It's just... the timing is clearly not ideal.
Pink explained in her caption on Instagram:
I've arrived at another one of my dreams which is slowly becoming a sort of nightmare. I will tell you, this is one of the biggest honors of my life, singing this song in front of my family, my military family, my dad and brother and step mama and family and the world. And the EAGLES!?!?! I promise I will do my best, as I always do. As far as the gremlins that got me into this mess, you can cough at me for the rest of your lives. If it's a contest, babies, you win.
If I had to place bets on who will win this battle, the flu or Pink? If Friay night's pre-Super Bowl performance was any indication, my money is on Pink. The singer performed her way through the flu and by all accounts did an amazing job, belting out "Just Like Fire" while relying on her back-up singers to pitch in with some of her other songs. She even called out to fans to give her a hand by singing some of the lyrics along with her, saying:
I'm not going to sound like (crap) all night because you guys are going to help me. We're going to rock the (expletive) out and have a good time.
It was announced back at the beginning of January that Pink would be performing "The Star-Spangled Banner" for Super Bowl LII, with Justin Timberlake scheduled to lead the half time show for the first time in 14 years. It's feeling a little like a fabulous early 2000's throwback party this year, as evidenced by this old picture Pink shared on Twitter of her and the "Cry Me A River" singer back in the day.
Pink is a legend when it comes to her live performances; she's known for her athletic, high energy concerts where she never seems to hold anything back. Thankfully, she'll only be performing one song (that we know of, unless she plans on showing up as a guest for Timberlake's half time show), so hopefully she'll be feeling well enough to manage.
But here's the thing about Pink; even if she's still under the weather on Sunday, you know she's going to deliver. Because, as she wrote in her Instagram post, she will always do her best. And Pink's best just happens to be better than the rest.
Food Looking for a great recipe? Find it now & see how it?s all made by watching recipe videos.
Health News Find the latest health headlines & videos, plus get tips for healthy living.
Links Looking for a website or event you heard mentioned on The News On 6? Find it here!
Newsletters Sign up now to receive news, weather, recipes and more from NewsOn6.com
Re: "With evolution, the eyes have it," (Dec. 8)
Tim Philp, I submit, creates a false dichotomy of the "creation versus evolution debate" in his latest Thought Experiments column.
Some Christians do try mistakenly to use the Bible, especially the first two chapters of Genesis, as a book of science. Rather the Bible, as the word of God, is sublime prose and poetry both.
The Catholic church accepts evolution in the creation of life with certain guidelines for humans - such as the fact that we human beings are all descended from one woman, which the science of DNA has confirmed.
The universe itself is stupendous and mind-boggling and 13 1/2 billion years old. Science has established just within the past 100 years that it all started with a big bang with just the right amount of force to sustain itself. A Catholic priest from Belgium, who was also an astrophysicist, first promulgated this theory. Many of the moon craters have been named after Jesuit astronomers.
With creation there must be a Creator. As a Jewish woman who encouraged her seven sons to martyrdom states in Holy Scripture: "Look at the heaven and the earth and see everything that is in them and recognize that God did not make them out of things that existed. Thus also mankind comes into being (2 Macc 7:28).
The Human Genome Project mapped out the human DNA code over a period of 10 years not that long ago. It was headed by a scientist who was also a strong believing Christian and who wrote a book about the project entitled, The Language of God. There is no inherent incompatibility between evolution and creation.
Paul Vandervet
Brantford
Put safety first
Of all the things on city councillors' plate for the 2018 municipal budget, I think the safety of our citizens should be a priority. Councillors seem to think that the cost of adding an additional ambulance is too high. But what price do you put on a person's life? I believe the case has been adequately made for the need for another ambulance. Who among us would be satisfied to wait for an ambulance from another municipality in an emergency? This is a profession where seconds matter.
As a solution, I propose councillors cancel the move of our beloved eastern meadowlark to another habitat and instead buy a new ambulance to save lives. Let the meadowlark find its own accommodation. I'm sure our council, in the end, will make the intelligent choice.
Dale Bishop
Brantford
Veterans just months away from earning their commercial pilot license are losing their funding from the VA starting Thursday.
It comes after the Oklahoma State Accrediting Agency said it's not reinstating the Spartan Flight Campus in Tulsa.
A lot of these flight students came from across the country to study at Spartan.
It's a big blow and it's tied to the nationwide pilot shortage.
The college says it is correcting the problems and is urging the VA to let the veterans use their benefits to finish.
“You just don't want to stop. You could spend all day in the air,” said Army veteran Nick Seay.
Seay says Spartan was the only option.
“The tip of the spear as far as aviation goes,” he said.
Seay has wanted to fly planes since he was 8 years old, but now that dream is up in the air.
He says “it was just a complete blindside to us.”
Sixteen veterans just found out Tuesday that the VA is pulling their funding.
“They've uprooted their whole lives just to come to this program,” Seay said.
Students are supposed to earn their license in about 12 months, but that's not happening.
“We were visited by the Oklahoma State Accrediting Agency, who let us know that they would not be recommending reinstatement due to the bottleneck that we're experiencing,” said Kari Pahno from Spartan College.
That bottleneck, a pilot shortage, means there aren't enough instructors.
“A few months ago, we had about ten students to one instructor,” Pahno said. “Now, that has dropped to seven to one.”
The campus president says they're offering competitive rates and also bought seven new planes.
The college sent the accrediting agency a letter urging the VA to let the students receive their benefits through graduation.
“We feel like we were entitled to these benefits,” declared Seay. “We held up our end of the deal by serving our time, honorably discharged, and we expect those benefits.”
The veterans say the VA representatives just promised them two weeks ago that current students would continue to get their benefits, so they feel lied to.
The college hopes to start enrolling new students again in about six months.
0
Today, we're happy to debut the trailer for Kill Order, a new sci-fi actioner that ups the martial arts ante with superhuman skills. Chris Mark stars as David, a quiet high school kid suffering from some seriously dark memories he doesn't understand when a group of armed men swarms his classroom, forcing David to defend his life and unleashing his previously unknown strength and abilities. The film is written and directed by first-time feature filmmaker and veteran stunt coordinator James Mark, who previously lent his stunt skills to Scott Pilgrim vs. The World and Pacific Rim.
Kill Order arrives on Digital and DVD on February 6, 2018, and stars Chris Mark, Daniel Park, Denis Akiyama, Melee Hutton, Jessica Clement, Jason Gosbee, Reuben Langdon, and Alain Moussi. Watch our trailer debut below.
Here's the official synopsis for Kill Order.
This is all over a statue, say the white supremacists who gathered in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend. They claim that they sought to preserve an oxidized likeness of the traitor Robert E. Lee, still sitting 26 feet tall atop a stone pedestal in a local park that was once named after him. The Confederate general has been there, on his horse with hat in hand, since 1924. He remains there, despite a close City Council vote in April to sell and remove the statue and rechristen Lee Park as Emancipation Park. A circuit court judge gave it a reprieve, issuing an injunction that prohibits any sale or removal for six months. The supremacists insist that preserving this statue was their goal when they marched in this small town — armed Friday night with tiki torches, and Saturday morning with bats, guns and a Dodge Challenger whose driver ran down counter-protester Heather Heyer, killing her and injuring 19 others.
What happened in Charlottesville was terrorism, that is certain. It is tempting, amidst the chaos the chanting Nazis provoked, to write off the statue as a MacGuffin, a plot device that isn't clearly defined and is merely used to propel the story forward. Yet it merits attention in the aftermath. Like the white nationalists in Charlottesville, Confederate memorials terrorize people of color and others, such as Heyer, who threaten the work of white supremacy.
This wasn't the first time these folks came to Charlottesville looking for trouble. The neo-Nazi Richard Spencer staged the first of several Klan-style demonstrations in Charlottesville on May 13, lighting torches weeks after the council vote. Less than two weeks later, Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer wrote an op-ed for the Washington Post arguing that the Lee statue should remain. As a member of the City Council, he'd voted to keep it “as a reminder that many Americans were once treated as the property of others, then as second-class citizens.” He wanted a living history. What he failed to recognize was that many are still living that history. On many sides, as our president might say — as victims and as perpetrators.
White nationalism is not just a cultural legacy. It is an ongoing public safety crisis, and should be treated as such.
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu grasped what Signer did not. The same week that Spencer and his mob first descended on Charlottesville, Landrieu delivered a landmark speech outlining exactly why he pushed, successfully, to have his city's monuments to the Confederacy and Jim Crow torn down.
“These monuments purposefully celebrate a fictional, sanitized Confederacy,” he said. “After the Civil War, these statues were a part of that terrorism as much as a burning cross on someone's lawn; they were erected purposefully to send a strong message to all who walked in their shadows about who was still in charge in this city.”
In this way only does it start to make sense that racists would commit terrorism to defend monuments. The monuments themselves are terrorism. Thus the Lee sculpture honors a dishonorable man while encouraging his ideological descendants and expressing to black people that America is not ours, too. “White nationalist” is the appropriate term to use, since a white ethno-state is what Confederates sought and what their modern-day brethren still wish to achieve.
After Charlottesville, it should be clear now to everyone that the urgency to rid ourselves of these markers of America's racist past comes not from some childish desire to block out painful history, but to challenge a racist present. White nationalism is not just a cultural legacy. It is an ongoing public safety crisis, and should be treated as such.
Our president, of course, will not do so. In addition to advancing the goals of white supremacy through his administration's regressive public policy, Donald Trump treats domestic terrorism with a blithe indifference. He proposed refocusing an anti-terrorism task force to focus solely on Islamists, and his Department of Homeland Security halted a $400,000 grant for Life After Hate, a group dedicated to de-radicalizing neo-Nazis.
On Saturday afternoon, Trump dropped a “many sides” addendum at the end of his soft condemnation of the Charlottesville violence, blaming everyone and no one for what happened. Indeed, his remarks were so vague that Spencer and others were able to easily read into it what they pleased. The Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi website, wrote that the “Trump comments were good. He didn't attack us.” On Monday, Trump finally got around to stating that “racism is evil,” including “the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists,” but only as part of a speech in which he — first — noted that the economy was strong.
Trump's insufficient response is vital to understanding what the racist demonstrators intended to protect in Charlottesville. They didn't want to simply guard the bronzed form of Robert E. Lee, a fellow white supremacist. They wanted to ensure that the work of white supremacy continues unabated. The statue is both a symbol of their lost cause and an excuse to commit violence. Now, these ethnic separatists have an ally in the White House. With his rhetorical flaccidity, the president of the United States made it clear that he wouldn't renounce them. A general doesn't leave his troops.
Jamil Smith is a writer in Los Angeles.
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion or Facebook
Baltimore-area home sales and prices continued to climb in November as the inventory of available homes sunk to a 10-year low.
A total of 3,003 homes sold for a median prices of $254,000, up 5.8 percent from the same time last year and the highest November sales volume and median price in a decade, according to a ShowingTime report released Monday.
Active listings declined by 11 percent, to 9,712, marking the 27th consecutive month of declining year-over-year inventory levels and the lowest November level in a decade, according to the monthly report, based on listing activity from MRIS, a division of the multiple-listing service Bright MLS.
In Baltimore, November home sales were up 6.3 percent percent from last year, with a total of 676 sales. The median price of $125,000 was down 4.9 percent from November 2016.
Carroll County saw the greatest year-over-year increase in median sales price, up 22.8 percent to $331,500. A total of 181 homes sold in Carroll County in November, up 2.3 percent from the year-ago month.
Howard County had the greatest increase in home sales, up 10.5 percent, to 337 sales. Homes in Howard County sold for a median of $375,000, the highest in the region and up 2.5 percent from last November.
In Baltimore County, 836 homes sold for a median price of $228,000. Homes sales rose 7.9 percent and median prices were up 6.1 percent compared to last November.
November home sales declined slightly, by 2.2 percent, in Anne Arundel County, with 666 deals closed. Homes sold for a median price of $335,500, up 13.3 percent from the year-ago month.
In Harford County, 307 homes sold for a median price of $237,000, up 1.7 percent from last November's median price. The number of sales in Harford County was up 6.2 percent compared to the same month last year.
Homes in the region spent a median of 32 days on the market, eight fewer than this time last year, and sold for an average of 95 percent of their list price.
CAPTION Walmart has added a virtual reality component to their standard training process for new assistant managers to help prepare them for scenarios they might face in real life. (Kenneth K. Lam / Baltimore Sun video) Walmart has added a virtual reality component to their standard training process for new assistant managers to help prepare them for scenarios they might face in real life. (Kenneth K. Lam / Baltimore Sun video) CAPTION The Baltimore Sun identified 125 top workplaces in Baltimore at an event at the Baltimore Museum of Industry. (Kevin Richardson / Baltimore Sun video) The Baltimore Sun identified 125 top workplaces in Baltimore at an event at the Baltimore Museum of Industry. (Kevin Richardson / Baltimore Sun video)
sarah.gantz@baltsun.com
twitter.com/sarahgantz
The perception of the Vegas Golden Knights roster today compared to when it was first assembled 11 months ago is, to say the least, very, very, very different. Heading into the season the opinion of this team when looking at it on paper was that it was going to be awful. Today, there are a lot of strong opinions about how the expansion draft was unfair and how 30 other teams around the league don't know what they're doing and made a lot of really bad decisions. In hindsight, there is a lot of truth to the latter point because quite a few teams did, in fact, blow it.
There is also the fact that the roster has changed quite a bit from the beginning of the year, not only in terms of the players that are on it, but also in the way they have been used.
One of the big challenges that Vegas and its coaching staff faced this season was having a collection of players thrown together from all over the league, several of whom had little track record in the NHL or had never really had an opportunity to play larger roles. There was a ton of mystery and a lot of tinkering that had to be done to find the right combinations that would work.
A lot of the players that we thought might be key players, or looked like they might be key players, turned out to be anything but, and looking at how players were used early in the season as opposed to now it is clear that not even the Golden Knights knew entirely what they had in a lot of cases.
[Related: Don't blame expansion draft rules for Vegas' success, blame your GM]
Remember back in the offseason when Vadim Shipachyov signed a two-year, $9 million contract with the team to come over from Russia and was supposed to be one of their top players? That quickly fell apart and led to a rather bizarre — and seemingly messy — split between the two sides.
William Karlsson ended up being a 43-goal scorer this season and the biggest individual surprise of any player in the league. During the first month of the season he was fifth on the team in terms of average ice-time per game logging just a little more than 17 minutes per game. The now dominant and seemingly unstoppable line of Karlsson, Reilly Smith, and Jon Marchessault played a grand total of 39 seconds together through the first five games of the season (at which point Marchessault was sidelined with an injury for a few games) and didn't really become a thing until the second month of the season.
The forward that Vegas leaned on the most in the first month of the season? Well that would be Cody Eakin, of course, as they played him nearly 20 minutes per night. He now plays around 14 minutes per night in the playoffs.
Here is a breakdown of Vegas' ice-time distribution among forwards in the first month of the season compared to the last month of the season and then in the playoffs.
I excluded players that played less than four games in each time-frame.
The big changes are obviously Eakin going from the top forward down to a third-liner, while the Karlsson-Smith-Marchessault trio became the go-to group. But there are also significant increases for Haula (an extra two minutes per game) and Tuch (three minutes), while Perron saw his ice-tim decrease a bit.
Meanwhile, on defense…
From the very beginning Vegas seemed to know what it had in Schmidt and has leaned on him to be their top defender, a role that he has excelled in.
Deryk Engelland has also, quite shockingly, been one of their top defenders after completely reinventing himself as a player this year.
But in the first month of the season they were playing Luca Sbisa and Brad Hunt nearly 20 minutes per night, while top prospect Shea Theodore was playing in the American Hockey League and not even on the roster. Neither Sbisa nor Hunt are significant players on the team now.
Jason Garrison, a veteran that played nearly 19 minutes a night over 70 games a season ago for the Lightning (and also opened the season as Vegas' highest-paid defenseman) also saw some significant ice-time to start the year. But he was quickly jettisoned to the minor leagues and placed on waivers.
Colin Miller, who ended up leading all of their defenders in scoring, was at the bottom of the usage in the first month of the season.
In the end it's been a fascinating evolution to watch unfold.
The player that was supposed to be the best forward (Shipachyov) ended up being, quite literally, nothing for them.
The highest paid forwards on the roster are David Clarkson and Tatar.
Clarkson has never — and will never — play a game for the team and is only a part of the organization because Vegas was willing to take his contract, along with Karlsson and a first-round draft pick, in exchange for not taking Josh Anderson or Columbus' backup goalie in the expansion draft.
Tatar was their big trade deadline acquisition and has been relegated to the press box for most of the playoffs while their other trade deadline pickup, Ryan Reaves, who was never expected to make any sort of impact, has scored two huge goals.
Their highest paid defenders at the start of the year were Garrison and Clayton Stoner. Garrison played eight games before being waived and relegated to the minor leagues while Stoner never played a single game.
Nothing about this Vegas season has gone as planned or as was expected, and nobody saw this team being as good as it is. Including them.
MORE:
• NBC's Stanley Cup Playoff Hub
• Stanley Cup Final Schedule
—
Adam Gretz is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop him a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @AGretz.
Apart from making passport issuance easier, rest of Modi's I-Day promises are tardy
By Anil Anand
August 15, the Independence Day, is a solemn occasion and all eyes are riveted to the ramparts of historic Red Fort from where the Prime Minister of India addresses the nation. Normally this is the occasion for the Prime Minister of the day to directly talk to the people, as was the past practice, and touch upon significant issues confronting the nation but had certainly not been the occasion to unveil the policies and plans of the government.
In few days from now Prime Minister would deliver his fourth address to the nation which assumes more significance as the country inches towards 2019 Lok Sabha elections. In all probability the shadow of the elections will loom large on his address and might influence it in some ways.
One is certainly not suggesting that he would in any form disclose BJP's poll manifesto through his dispensation's future plans but surely elections would be in the back of his mind before he starts delivering the speech. So beginning with his Independence Day-2017 speech that would lead to his last I-Day speech in 2018 before seeking a fresh mandate, the task would more or less be cut out for him.
Modi's penchant for doing things differently at the cost of past traditions and precedents was visible from the manner in which the entire plan for him to deliver his maiden speech from Red Fort in 2014 was conceived and executed. This tradition has since continued for the past two years.
The excellent communicator that Modi is, there could not be any better platform for him than the hallowed Red Fort to pour his feelings out and unveil his government's plans in greater details than any other Prime Minister did in the past. The past tradition has been to touch upon the salient features of plans and policies encapsulated with the incumbent PM's own vision but not with Modi.
Recently when Modi during one of his public discourses divulged that in response to his appeal to the people to give suggestions for preparation of his R-Day speech this year how someone ticked him that since his speech tends to become longish, he should ensure that it is more concise. That in itself was vindication of the fact that he had been using this forum to deliver a long discourse and also indicative of the fact that time has come for him to count, as a matter of fact, his achievements rather than keep floating fresh ideas.
After May 2014 impressive victory, Modi naturally took to the Red Fort ramparts later that year on a very high spirited note and took everyone by surprise when he appeared attired in a colourful turban, a tradition which he has continued ever since by donning the headgear depicting tradition of different regions of the country, and of course his trade-mark half-sleeve kurta, Nehru jacket and churidar.
He was by all himself, and in his garrulous style dared the, neighbours in particular and political rivals alongside rolling out a unique agenda with construction of public toilets and launching of ‘Swach Bharat' plan as the highlights. The focus was on poor downtrodden and farmers of the country which he reiterated in his subsequent addresses in 2015 and 2016.
Some of the key promises held out by him to the nation then were launching Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, Saansad Adarash Gram Yojana, separate toilets in all government schools, especially for girls, 10-year moratorium on communal clashes, Launch of Make in India and Foreign Direct Investment (FDI), Jobs for young people under 35,
The government did take number of initiatives to roll out these plans but definitely felt short of people's expectations which had been raised to astronomical levels by Modi's reassuring speeches. Obviously, there is a strong case in his favour that implementation of new plans and schemes required preparing relevant infrastructure which is no mean task in a huge country as India. But somehow his high-tone public discourses created an impression, assisted by a well oiled machinery of both the ruling BJP and the government, that everything would be achieved before time, thereby giving a magical effect to Modi's persona.
Come 15th of August, 2015 and a fresh set of promises, of course accompanied by reiteration of last year's schemes and achievements thereafter. The salient features of 2015 were speeding up financial inclusion, toilets in every school, reducing LPG subsidy and electrification of villages apart from usual reference to dealing with Pakistan vis-a-vis Kashmir.
Certainly, as on August 5, 2015, 174.5 million new bank accounts had been opened; 46 percent of these were zero-balance accounts. The situation on this front certainly improved by the time he came on to deliver his 2016-Independence Day speech but definitely felt short of the government's own claims.
The implementation of Adarsh Gram Yojana was tardy. The target to have a toilet particularly a separate toilet for girls in every school of the country is still in the process of being achieved.
The promise held out by Modi from his inaugural year to put a 10-year old moratorium on communal clashes has also remained to be a pipedream. The communal clashes have taken place in the last three years and the spirit with which he made this announcement is certainly missing on ground. The cow vigilantes and Hindutava brigade are on the offensive leading to communal tension in sections of the society despite stern warning by the Prime Minister though belatedly.
The promises held out to curb unemployment by providing jobs to people under 35 have still not fructified. The Skill Development programmes have been started to train unemployed youth to either start own ventures or meet needs of the private sector.
The main focus of Modi's 2016 I-Day speech was on Pakistan in view of its continuous efforts to abet terrorism in Kashmir. He sprang a surprise by referring to internal disaffection in Balochistant and in PoK as means of beating Islamabad at its own game.
Definitely the promises on making passport issuance process simple were achieved to a great extent. Similarly, the infrastructure development has gathered moment but much claimed improvement and up-gradation of railway services have remained elusive leave aside bullet trains and five-star railway stations.
Modi has a daunting task at hand when he addresses the nation this year. There are achievements which he has every reason to mention but there are deficiencies and mismatch between his claims and fulfillment of promises. This dichotomy for him prevails both on the internal and external policy fronts.
The situation is certainly not comfortable on the Indo-Sino and Indo-Pak fronts contrary to the government's earlier claims of “taking care” of both the hostile neighbours. Neither is situation in a comfort zone in Kashmir both politically and on security front. This is another matter that Modi government's relentless effort to have an upper hand on security front is something which could give it comfort.
Will he scale down on the length of his speech as suggested by a member of the public? What will be the colour and style of his ‘turban'? People would curiously watch out for the Day.
THE HAGUE: Dutch farmers and retailers on Monday (Aug 14) were counting the costs stemming from the tainted egg scandal that swept Europe, saying the total ran into tens of millions of euros as two men at the scandal's centre were due to appear in court.
"The damage is at least around €150 million (US$176 million) so far," said Mark de Jong, spokesman for the ZLTO federation of southern Dutch farmers and gardeners.
"It depends on how quickly we can get through this crisis, but it may still go up," said De Jong, whose organisation represents about 15,000 farmers and gardeners, many of them in the poultry sector.
"Damage for supermarket chains have run into tens of millions of euros," added Rene Roorda, director of the CBL federation of retailers, whose members include giant supermarket groups like Albert Heijn, Aldi, Lidl and Jumbo.
"We had to pull eggs from the shelves in 4,000 supermarkets. Millions of eggs had to be destroyed," Roorda told the national ANP newswire. We are doing everything we can to restore consumer's confidence," Roorda added, without going into details.
FIPRONIL FALLOUT
Advertisement
Advertisement
While untainted eggs were back on the shelves in many shops across the country, Dutch farmers told AFP they were still dealing with the fallout over eggs that were found to contain the insecticide fipronil.
Millions of eggs have been pulled from supermarket shelves and destroyed across Europe and dozens of poultry farms closed since the discovery of contamination with fipronil, which can harm human health, was made public on Aug 1.
Iris Odink-Schrijver, treasurer of the Dutch Poultry Farmers' Union, told AFP it had not yet estimated the damages. "At this point we're still cleaning our chicken pens, hoping to finally rid it of fipronil," she said.
Meanwhile, two men aged 31 and 24 were to make an initial appearance before a judge in the Zwolle district court on Tuesday in connection with the case, a spokeswoman for the public prosecutor's office said.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
The men are said to be the owners of Chickfriend, a Dutch company based in central Netherlands which was hired by farmers to treat chicken pens to eradicate parasitic red lice.
"The men are to appear in a closed hearing before a judge who will have to decide if they will remain in custody for longer," the spokeswoman, Marieke van der Molen, told AFP.
'NO HEALTH RISKS'
Eggs tainted with fipronil have been discovered in 16 European countries since the scandal came to light, and have even been found as far afield as Hong Kong.
Austria on Monday became the latest European country to confirm that it had found the insecticide in egg products imported from Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium and Poland.
Of 80 random samples including baked goods and mayonnaise, 18 revealed tiny traces of the chemical, according to the country's Agency for Health and Food Safety (AGES).
But it said the detected quantities were negligible and "there are no health risks".
Commonly used to get rid of fleas, lice and ticks from animals, fipronil is banned by the European Union from use in the food industry.
The issue has sparked a row between Belgium, the Netherlands and Germany, the three countries at the centre of the crisis, about how long officials knew about the problem.
The European Commission is due to hold a meeting about the contamination in September.
Belgium became the first country to officially notify the EU's food safety alert system about the presence of tainted eggs on Jul 20, followed by the Netherlands and Germany.
But the discovery was not made public until Aug 1.
The EU insists there is no threat to humans, but the World Health Organization says that when eaten in large quantities it can harm people's kidneys, liver and thyroid glands.
PARIS: The European Union rang in the end of cross-border roaming charges for mobile phone users in the 28-nation bloc on Thursday (Jun 15), hailing it as "one of (its) greatest and most tangible successes".
The move, more than a decade in the making, comes in time for the summer holidays when millions of Europeans will be on the move, and is a public relations success at a time when the EU is under pressure from Brexit and other problems.
The EU "is about bringing people together and making their lives easier. The end of roaming charges is a true European success story," said European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker.
"From now on, citizens who travel within the EU will be able to call, text and connect on their mobile devices at the same price as they pay at home. Eliminating roaming charges is one of the greatest and most tangible successes of the EU."
It remains to be seen whether Britons will continue to enjoy same-cost mobile calls and data downloads in Europe after Britain's departure from the EU, negotiations for which are due to start next week.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But the existence of roaming charges - an important source of revenue for telecoms companies - was long seen as a "market failure" by Brussels.
"Each time a European citizen crossed an EU border, be it for holidays, work, studies or just for a day, they had to worry about using their mobile phones and a high phone bill from the roaming charges when they came home," Juncker said.
"Roaming charges will now be a thing of the past."
Juncker noted the abolition of the practice had "been a long time coming, with many actors involved".
Nevertheless, "by working closely together, the European Union has delivered a concrete, positive result for European citizens".
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Brussels estimates the end of roaming fees will cost European telecom operators €1.2 billion (US$1.3 billion).
But the share of revenues from roaming charges already significantly declined in recent years as charges for calls and text messages dropped 90 per cent since 2007 and data charges declined 96 per cent since 2012 under EU regulations.
Data traffic, meanwhile, has grown 100-fold, according to the EU.
Jacqueline Travers Patterson passed on Jan. 21, after a long battle with cancer. She was a fighter and battled 10 years with a smile on her face. She refused to give up until she had no choice left. She will be dearly missed for her unending love, compassion, positivity and joie de vivre.
She was predeceased by her sons, Patrick and twins Robert and David; her only granddaughter, Julia; her son-in-law, Stephen; her father, Jerome Travers; mother, Marie Labrecque Travers; and her sisters, Marie Travers Paine and Jeraldine Travers.
She is survived by her husband of 60 years, Donald Robert Patterson Sr.; and children, Jacqueline Anne Patterson; Donna Ree McDonnell; and Donald Robert Patterson Jr. and his wife, Ruthellen; along with grandsons, Lance, Nicholas, Matthe, and Joshua; and her sister, Alida Masyada.
She graduated from Red Bank Catholic High School in 1952 and continued with many lifelong friends, namely her “Traveling Circus” gals. Every September for many years, the gals would travel to Myrtle Beach for friendship and fun in the sun. She worked for the Telephone Company after high school and later for Shrewsbury State Bank. She was also very active in the RBFD Independent Engine Company Ladies Auxiliary, the Red Bank Board of Health and the Red Hats Society.
People were immediately drawn to her for her love of life and genuine compassion. She was always the life of the party and loved to dance. She loved to go shopping, knit, the beach, and spending time with her grandsons. Most of all she loved her family and friends who will miss her dearly.
The family will hold a memorial gathering on Thursday, January 25 from 4 to 7 p.m. at Thompson Memorial Home, 310 Broad St., Red Bank. A Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated on Friday, Jan. 26 at 11 a.m., at St. James RC Church, 94 Broad St., Red Bank, with interment at Fairview Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, donations may be sent to the HOPE Group, Five Liberty Avenue, Burlington, MA 01803. More info at rindyshope.org.
Madrid: Donald Trump should stand "on the right side of history" by reconsidering the decision to pull the US out of the Paris Accord, former United Nations chief Ban Ki-moon said. "If the US withdraws, this has a much bigger political impact. I'm afraid that any leadership vacuum could be filled by others, and this is not what we want to see," Ban said, in an interview with AP.
He called the choice made by the US president "misguided" and said that it responded to "a short-term vision". He also called on the public to raise its voice and said that commitment to the agreement from governors, mayors, business leaders and civil society in the US was "very encouraging".
For almost a decade, Ban spearheaded negotiations to combat climate change that eventually led to the pledge of keeping global temperatures from raising another degree Celsius by 2100. Nearly 200 countries, including the US, signed the agreement in December 2015.
"I sincerely hope that President Trump stands on the right side of history," Ban said in Madrid.
As the world's largest economy, the US is also the planet's number one polluter, accounting for 14 percent of global emissions.
"The decision has implications and effects politically and psychologically much larger than 14 percent, because smaller countries have traditionally followed Washington's leadership" said Ban, calling on the US leader to show "global vision".
Ban joined more than 50 former world leaders who criticised the current US administration's view on climate change and warned of "unpredictable and possibly regrettable" consequences. They also called on other signatories of the Paris agreement to "show greater urgency and commitment in the fight against global warming".
The leaders represented about half of the members of the Club de Madrid alliance, which Ban joined recently as an honorary member.
Among the signatories were former Chilean president and former UN envoy for climate change Ricardo Lagos, Nobel Peace
Prize winner, and former East Timor leader Jose Manuel Ramos-Horta and former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark, who also headed the UN's development agency.
Some homeowners in Overland Park's Round Hill neighborhood are mounting a last-ditch effort to get the city to halt the removal of 20 mature oak trees that line the streets of the site of a half-mile stormwater project.
Round Hill resident Karen Eichenberger sent a message to Overland Park officials Monday asking the city to suspend the felling of the trees “and take a hard look at the plans and make any and all adjustments to save this irreplaceable resource our city has taken 50 years to grow.”
Crews from WaterOne and Kansas Gas have been on site in the neighborhood for several days working to prep the site for the stormwater system replacement, which public works officials say is needed to address deteriorating metal pipes that are likely nearly 60 years old. In addition to addressing the failing pipes, the new concrete stormwater infrastructure is expected to help minimize drainage problems that could cause flooding.
But the planned removal of 20 oak trees along the stormwater pipe path has some neighborhood residents upset.
“Round Hill has been my family's home for over 12 years, and one of the top features that drew us to this neighborhood were the thousands of mature Oak street trees lining our quiet roads,” Eichenberger wrote. “It is THE feature that makes so many Johnson County neighborhoods, especially the foundational subdivisions of Overland Park's formative years, so beautiful and special, and still desirable places to call home.”
Overland Park Project Manager Lauren Garwood said the decision of whether to remove a tree or not boils down to whether the tree would likely suffer damage as a result of the construction process. Even is the stormwater work would not disturb a tree's trunk, excavation anywhere in the vicinity of the drip line “could cause major damage you wouldn't see for a couple of years.” That damage would ultimately kill the tree in many cases.
The city stresses that it will be replacing every tree that it removes during the project, and that homeowners who have had trees removed will get to choose what kind of tree will be planted in its place from a list of species put together by the city forester.
But Eichenberger says the city should have done more to notify residents of the impact of the project.
“[It's] an example of Public Works not respecting massive resource for our city and getting the city forester and parks department involved to work together and work harder to protect our beautiful trees,” she said. “… we are not in a vacuum and this work will continue to be done on more streets at the detriment of more neighborhoods.”
I can't remember the last time I had a decent night's sleep. In fact, I'm not sure what the word "sleep" even means anymore. Between motherhood and work, marriage and everything involved within our family unit, it's almost impossible to de-clutter my mind around the time I'd like to go to bed, and I know I'm not alone. So, please, can we finally start taking sleep deprivation seriously? Because while the "sleep while you can" jokes and the constant puns about moms never sleeping an adequate amount are seemingly never-ending, actual women are actually suffering. In my opinion, it's time for the jokes to end.
According to the American Sleep Association, sleep deprivation disorder affects 50 to 70 million adults in the United Sates. According to the same report, drowsy driving is the cause of an estimated 1,550 vehicular fatalities and 40,000 nonfatal vehicular injuries every year. While there are 80 different kinds of sleep disorders, according to the Cleveland Clinic, insomnia is among the most common. A reported 3-5 percent of individuals struggling with obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure, heart disease, stroke, and frequent mental distress attribute short sleep as an underlying cause, and a reported 100,000 deaths occur every year in hospitals in the United States as a result of medical errors and sleep deprivation. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), sleep disorders are more prevelant among people of color, people who are unmarried, and people who are unemployed.
Doesn't really sound like a joke, now does it?
Courtesy of Candace Ganger
For me, and as someone who suffers from an number of mental illnesses, sleep is a coveted necessity I rarely, if ever, am afforded. And even if I find the time to lay my weary head down and rest, I find it difficult— if not impossible — to quiet my mind long enough to log in eight, or even six, consecutive hours of sleep. Turns out, I'm not alone in that regard either. According to The Sleep Foundation's inaugural Sleep Health Index, 35 percent of people describe their sleep quality as poor or only fair. Additionally, those same individuals also report poor health, and more stress, than the 30 percent of people who describe their sleep as excellent or of very good quality. The same study found that women suffer from insomnia more than men, and even when women sleep their quality of rest is lower than men's. The gender sleep gap between men and women indicate that women are sleeping less, and worse, than previously thought. Sadly, I am proof.
We need to discuss ways to improve sleep deprivation in new moms — like mandatory paid family leave and improved maternity leave policies, affordable child care and better postpartum health care — and care about parents long after their children are pushed into the world.
When you suffer from various mental health conditions like I do — specifically depression, anxiety, obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) and post-traumatic dress disorder (PTSD) — it's hard to know where the mental disorders stop and the sleep issues start. As a busy mom of two, with multiple jobs and responsibilities, I can't tell my life to "slow down" or "wait" or "give me a break." As a result of my seemingly non-stop lifestyle, my brain doesn't seem to know when it's time to slow down and rest, either. As a result, I suffer... but often in silence. I mean, who isn't tired, right? Ask any adult if they're tired and the answer will undoubtably be a resounding yes. Coupled with the idea that all moms are "supposed" to be tired, lest you ignore your children or don't care as much as the exhausted moms trying to do it all, and before I know it sleep deprivation is more a punch line than it is a serious issue.
As mothers of all shapes, sizes, responsibilities, and life stories, we need to talk about why we're so tired. We need to make our sleep deprivation real for those who think it's "just a normal part of parenthood." We need to discuss ways to improve sleep deprivation in new moms — like mandatory paid family leave and improved maternity leave policies, affordable child care and better postpartum health care — and care about parents long after their children are pushed into the world.
Dr. Alex Dimitriu, M.D., Psychiatrist, sleep expert, and founder of Menlo Park Psychiatry and Sleep Medicine Center, tells Romper via email that "sleep is essential is recovering from the stresses and work of the day." So if, like me, you're unable to obtain a quality night of sleep, you end up in an endless cycle of declining mental health and exhaustion you can't seem to crawl out of. In fact, Dr. Dimitriu adds that it's crucial to find a way to get the sleep you need so your brain can "organize and process information, store memories, and check and maintain its wiring."
Courtesy of Candace Ganger
Dr. Dimitriu also says that there are red flags to look out for when it comes to the quality of your sleep, or lack thereof, too. "Waking up feeling tired and unrestored, daytime drowsiness, complaints from a spouse or partner about one's excessive snoring, gasping for breath when awakening, inability to fall asleep even when tired, and having an underlying medical condition like chronic pain, anxiety or asthma that disrupts sleep or makes sleeping difficult," all are all signs your sleep isn't adequate, he says. There are also "softer" flags, too. According to Dr. Dimitriu, additional signs of inadequate sleep are "irritability, often either a state of exhaustion, alternating with adrenaline and anxiety, depression manifested as a lack of joy or loss of interest, which sometimes does not improve with medications, low energy despite a desire to do things, impaired concentration, and short term memory problems which can look like ADHD, or Alzheimer's for some, heavy use or dependence on caffeine, 'burnout,' and weight gain."
After all, my mental, physical, and emotional health matter, too.
There are ways to cope with sleep deprivation, to be sure, especially when it interferes with your parenting, your marriage, your work, or your overall health and wellness. While speaking to your doctor should always be step number one, so you both can rule out any potential underlying causes, "unplugging" before bed, setting a regular bedtime, and practicing relaxation techniques can all help improve the quality of your sleep.
When it comes to dealing with my own sleep issues, I must admit that I've tried it all. Some things help, some don't, but I am proud to say that I am continuing to treat my sleep deprivation as a serious issue, and not a joke all new moms should just "get used to." After all, my mental, physical, and emotional health matter, too.
Getty Images
When Pittsburgh Steelers tackle Jerald Hawkins went down in practice early on Wednesday, it appeared as though he'd sustained a non-contact knee injury.
According to Jeremy Fowler of ESPN.com, Hawkins injury is actually a torn quadriceps muscle.
Hawkins collapsed on the field and yelped upon going to the ground. He had to be helped off the field by members of the team's training staff.
With a lengthy recovery likely ahead, Hawkins could be destined to end up on the Steelers injured reserve list. At this stage of the offseason, he would need to be waived/injured and would move to the injured reserve list if he went unclaimed by another team.
Hawkins, a fourth-round pick in 2016, played in five games last year with one start for Pittsburgh.
Dhaka/Bangladesh: Heavy rains have triggered a series of landslides and floods in Bangladesh and northeast India, killing at least 156 people over two days, and officials warned on Wednesday the toll could rise.
Densely populated Bangladesh is battered by storms, floods and landslides every rainy season. The latest casualties come weeks after Cyclone Mora killed at least seven people and damaged tens of thousands of homes.
Landslides hit three hilly districts in Bangladesh's southeast early on Tuesday, killing 100 people in Rangamati, 36 in Chittagong and six in Bandarban, said Reaz Ahmed, head of the department of disaster management.
Fresh landslides on Wednesday killed one person in the district of Khagrachari and two in the coastal town of Cox's Bazar, he added.
The town bordering Myanmar is home to thousands of Rohingya Muslim refugees and was just beginning to recover from Cyclone Mora.
Ahmed said many people were still missing in the landslide-hit districts and the death toll could rise further as rescuers search for bodies. The toll included four soldiers trapped by a landslide during a rescue operation in Rangamati, he added.
Shah Kamal, the secretary of Bangladesh's disaster ministry, said there had been no rain on Wednesday and rescue operations were in full swing. "It is a great relief. Some areas in the district are still cut off but people are being moved through navy boats," he told Reuters by telephone from Rangamati.
But weather officials in Bangladesh have forecast light to moderate showers accompanied by gusty or squally wind during the next 24 hours in places like Chittagong. In the Indian states of Mizoram and Assam, which border Bangladesh, at least 11 people were killed as incessant rains flooded major cities.
Authorities in Mizoram retrieved nine bodies, but about seven people were still missing after landslides caused several homes to cave in, the state's urban development minister said. India was ready to support Bangladesh with search and rescue efforts if needed, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's office said in a statement.
Outside help might not be needed, however, two Bangladesh government officials said.
0 Senate postpones hearing for Trump VA pick Ronny Jackson amid 'serious allegations'
WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump said Tuesday that his pick to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs, White House physician Ronny Jackson, will decide whether it's worth it to pursue the post after lawmakers postponed a hearing on his nomination in light of several allegations.
>> Read more trending news
“I don't want to put a man through a process like this. ... It's totally his decision,” the president told reporters at the White House, according to Cox Media Group's Jamie Dupree. “I will tell you, he is one of the finest people that I've met.”
Trump: "It's totally his decision" on the future of Veterans nominee Dr Ronny Jackson https://t.co/btuhee2nFM — Jamie Dupree (@jamiedupree) April 24, 2018
Lawmakers indefinitely postponed a hearing, scheduled for Wednesday, to consider Jackson's nomination. The Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs' top Republican and its top Democrat said in a joint statement that the decision was made “in light of new information presented to the committee.”
“We take very seriously our constitutional duty to thoroughly and carefully vet each nominee sent to the Senate for confirmation,” Sens. Johnny Isakson, R-Georgia, and Jon Tester, D-Montana, said in the statement. “We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review.”
The congressmen also sent a letter addressed to Trump on Tuesday asking for "all documentation pertaining to Rear Admiral Jackson's service in the White House Medical Unit and as Physician to the President."
Committee members didn't elaborate on the allegations levied against Jackson, although The New York Times reported that they include accusations that Jackson oversaw a hostile work environment while serving as White House doctor, that he allowed for drugs to be overprescribed and that he might have drank while on the job.
Jackson declined Tuesday to answer questions from reporters about the allegations.
"I'm looking forward to rescheduling the hearing and answering everyone's questions," Jackson told reporters on Capitol Hill, according to CNN.
Trump nominated Jackson to fill the role left vacant after he fired David Shulkin from the position late last month. Shulkin had been a top holdover from President Barack Obama's administration, but he clashed with Trump administration officials and faced criticism over his use of resources.
Jackson, a U.S. Navy rear admiral, was appointed in 2013 as physician to the president by Barack Obama.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Advertisement
Defence Minister, Brig-Gen. Mansur Dan-Ali (rtd), has said that it could take years to find all the Chibok girls kidnapped by Boko Haram insurgents.
Recall that the terrorists kidnapped the 276 students from a government secondary school in the north-eastern town of Chibok, Borno State, on April 14, 2014. About 195 of the girls are still missing and are believed to be in the custody of insurgents, whose activities have caused the death of about 100,000 people since 2009.
Speaking to VOA's Hausa service, monitored in Yola, on Tuesday, the minister, said the military was committed to finding the girls and is searching Boko Haram hideouts in the Sambisa forest, a vast area covering parts of three states in north-eastern Nigeria.
He compared the inability to find the girls despite retaking most of the territory initially occupied by Boko Haram to the U.S. efforts to find Osama bin Laden after the invasion of Afghanistan.
“It took the U.S. up to seven, eight, up to 10 years before they could get to bin Laden,” he said. “We are continuing our campaign in the Sambisa Forest in all its nooks and corners.”
Mr. Ali spoke to VOA as activists marked the third anniversary of the girls' abductions demanding more from the federal government to free the girls.
Advertisement
In 2014, Boko Haram seized control of about 14 local governments in the north-eastern states of Borno, Adamawa and Yobe. They have since lost virtually all the territory they occupied with the government saying they no longer control any territory within the country.
Despite the success, the government's inability to find the Chibok girls is overshadowing the military victory.
While reacting to the abduction on the VOA programme, an Islamic cleric, Nuru Khalid, a member of the influential Interfaith group that tries to ensure peace between Nigerian Muslims and Christians, said failure to find the girls would translate into a victory for Boko Haram.
“We can never allow the terrorists to win the war. If they got [away] free with those girls, then they have relatively won the war,” he said.
Also, a human rights lawyer, Bulama Bukar, said the government needs to address the psychological trauma suffered by the families of the missing girls and other victims of Boko Haram brutality.
“Married women have been made single again; kids have been orphaned; homeowners are without shelter; Nigerians have been turned into refugees in their own homeland,” he said.
President Buhari in his statement to mark the three years abduction of the Chibok girls had pledged that his administration will do everything possible to ensure the freedom of the girls.
Most of the money was spent on advertising and printing of promotional materials.
SINGAPORE: President Halimah Yacob spent a total of S$220,875 on her campaign, according to documents made available on Saturday (Oct 7) by the Elections Department.
The bulk of the money, S$198,154, went to the advertising and printing of promotional materials. Her biggest investment in the campaign was 20,110 posters that cost close to S$73,000, which included the cost of incinerating posters and banners.
The 200 PVC banners used in the campaign alone amounted to over S$20,000.
Another 1.28 million pieces of Admail A5 cards cost S$34,000, while the making of a profile video that took six days to film came up to S$29,000.
Under the Presidential Elections Act, the principal election agents of candidates who contest in an election must submit a declaration and a return of election expenses to the Returning Officer within 31 days after the day on which the result of the election is published in the Gazette.
These returns are required to ensure accountability and transparency in the candidates' campaign finance.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Madam Halimah, who was declared the only candidate in the Presidential Election this year, submitted the statement of her campaign expenses to the Elections Department on Oct 3.
According to the documents, called the returns of election expenses, election agents, polling agents and counting agents did not receive any remuneration. No amount was recorded under Mdm Halimah's personal expenses.
Mdm Halimah and her team appeared to have a couple of favourites when it came to food, with a breakfast order from Delifrance on Sep 13 - Nomination Day - and a buffet dinner the day before at Islamic Restaurant which came up to about S$2,000 for 45 people.
A room at the National Trades Union Congress on 1 Marina Boulevard cost Mdm Halimah almost S$9,000 over several days in August and September. The cost included the rental of a Fuji Xerox copier, car park coupons and the installation of printer drivers, telephone sets and a fax line.
She received seven single donations of S$10,000 or more totaling S$800,000.
A spokesman for her election campaign said that all unused donations raised will be returned to the donors.
The donors have indicated that they intend to make a contribution to the next cycle of the President's Challenge, he said.
"Madam Halimah Yacob is grateful to all Singaporeans for their support and encouragement during the recent Presidential Election," the spokesman added,
The public can inspect the documents from Saturday at a fee of S$2. The documents will be available for viewing for six months.
A two-year-old Bartlesville boy is safe after being saved from a pool by one of New 9's own.
Lauren Fox is an Oklahoma University Journalism student and an intern at News 9.
On Father's Day, Fox walked into a small gathering at her mom, Shannon's, home. She quickly saw Zayden Martinez, a family friend, in the pool. She immediately knew something was wrong.
"His arms were above his head and bubbles were coming out of his mouth," said Lauren.
Shannon said Zayden was at one time wearing "floaties", but had somehow slid them off. Despite having multiple adults supervising outside, the little boy ended up in pool.
"We got him out of the pool, set him on the side of the pool and laid him on his back," said Shannon. That's when Lauren started directing her mom to do pediatric CPR. A skill she learned while out on a story with our own News 9's Jessi Mitchell.
"My mom started doing the CPR with mouth to mouth, and I was like no, no, no, no. Do compressions. Do compressions," said Lauren.Eventually, Zayden came to and the pair got the water out.
Zayden's mom, Amber Taylor, said the two year old had to be in the hospital for about 5 days. But now her family is thankful that Zayden is doing well.
"If Lauren had not been there at that time that she was, it would have been a whole different story for us," said Taylor.
Posted by Zac Jackson on January 2, 2017, 3:11 PM EST
Ohio State safety Malik Hooker announced via Twitter Monday that he plans to enter the 2017 NFL Draft.
Hooker had six interceptions and returned three of them for touchdowns as a redshirt sophomore and first-year starter in 2016. He's giving up his final two seasons of eligibility to enter the NFL.
Hooker was a unanimous All-American and could be a first-round pick. He played mostly on special teams as a redshirt freshman in 2015, when he was backup to Vonn Bell, who's now with the Saints, and Tyvis Powell, who's now with the Seahawks.
Though he's the first Ohio State underclassman to declare his intentions, several others are facing a decision ahead of this year's Jan. 18 deadline.
The federal government is doing a little window-shopping for cigarettes — a million of them.
Health Canada recently issued a tender notice asking suppliers what it would cost to purchase a million very low-nicotine cigarettes as part of its wider tobacco control strategy.
VLN cigarettes, which have less than 0.4 mg of nicotine each, aren't available in Canada now. The tender notice is meant to find out which companies could make them and at what cost.
It also asks how a million cigarettes could be safely stored, and for how long, without a “deterioration in quality.”
Health Canada spokeswoman Rebecca Purdy said the government issued the tender notice merely to learn more about the availability of “Canadian-style” VLN cigarettes for possible research applications.
She stressed it's a “preliminary inquiry and does not necessarily signal intent to carry out the research.”
Rob Cunningham, a senior policy analyst with the Canadian Cancer Society, said the idea of VLN cigarettes has been around for 25 years, but the product hasn't succeeded commercially anywhere.
“Smokers will not smoke cigarettes without nicotine, and if that was the case, they'd be on the market today,” he said.
Cunningham points to herbal cigarettes that are available for sale now but aren't very popular.
‘Like marijuana without the THC'
“This idea is similar to allowing the legalization of marijuana but saying marijuana can't contain THC. That wouldn't work,” he said. THC is the chemical compound that gives marijuana its “high” effect.
The federal government's current Tobacco Control Strategy expires next month.
To create a new one, it held a series of public consultations last year and released a summary document last December.
In that document, Health Canada says it is exploring options to reduce the addictive effect of tobacco products.
“The government indicated that it is examining a wide range of possible options to modernize the federal approach to tobacco control, including the development of regulatory approaches for reducing the addictiveness of tobacco products,” Purdy said.
The Canadian Cancer Society was among the groups that took part in those consultations.
Cunningham said he supports some of the federal government's efforts, such as moving ahead with plain packaging and banning menthol cigarettes.
Invest the money in cessation programs: Cancer Society
But he said that if the federal government really wants to further reduce smoking rates in Canada, it must spend money on the right things — noting that Health Canada's tobacco control budget is less than a third per capita of the United States'.
“We want a comprehensive strategy that includes cessation programs, prevention programs, community programs, better research and surveillance and enforcement, and all of these things have been cut [by the previous government],” Cunningham said.
“If we're going to have the impact that we want to, to reduce smoking in Canada, we should be looking for measures that are viable in Canada. And taking nicotine out of cigarettes in Canada are not a viable approach.”
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | Health News
SINGAPORE: For many years, Jason Tan* struggled to come to terms with an incident that had caused him to lose trust in his parents at the age of 16. He also had to deal with his parents' separation and low self-esteem as a result of being afflicted with various medical conditions.
Being removed from a leadership position in a student organisation and experiencing burn out as a result of academic overloading also took a toll on Jason while in university. By 2008, he was feeling lost, worthless and was experiencing “a lot of inner pain and turmoil”.
Jason sought help at university that same year, but it was short-lived.
“In 2012, because my issues had not been treated in 2008, joining the workforce without being emotionally stable made it worse,” the 34-year-old teacher at an independent school said.
The issue of depression in men has been in the spotlight since swimming legend Michael Phelps revealed in an interview that he has battled severe anxiety and depression.
At his worst, Phelps even contemplated suicide. It took him about eight years from his first depression “spell” to finally seek help.
Advertisement
Advertisement
MEN LESS LIKELY TO SEEK HELP FOR DEPRESSION
In December last year, researchers from the Institute of Mental Health (IMH) released the findings of a survey, which found that women aged between 18 and 34 are more prone to depression than men.
The survey spoke to more than 6,000 Singaporeans and permanent residents, and was based on data gathered between December 2009 and December 2010. Researchers said the results are similar to that from studies done in other countries.
But Dr Mok Yee Ming, a senior consultant and chief of IMH's Department of Mood and Anxiety told Channel NewsAsia that researchers are unsure if the gap is a reflection of the disease or because men are less likely to seek help than women.
“It is likely a combination of such factors,” Dr Mok said.
“However, there are studies overseas that have found that men are less likely to seek help than women for mental health disorders.”
Dr Mok cited a British study published in 2005, that found that men, young people and those living in affluent areas were the least likely to seek help for mental health problems.
Medical Director at the Resilienz Clinic, Dr Thomas Lee, also experiences this at his practice, saying a majority of clients that come to him to treat depression are women.
“Generally, women are more likely to know why they are feeling this way and to seek help,” Dr Lee said.
“They may have been encouraged by friends to seek help after talking to them.”
Experts said apart from confusion surrounding the mental health issue amongst both sexes, there is an added stigma that often prevents men from coming forward.
“For men, there is the additional expectation of being 'manly' and masculine and not being emotional,” Dr Mok said.
DEPRESSION MASKED AS ADDICTIONS IN MEN
Dr Lee said by the time his male clients seek help they have often been trying to cope with depression for many years using various methods. Some, he said, turn to sports to cope.
Others turned to alcohol and illicit drugs.
At his lowest, Jason was also chain-smoking and binge drinking to cope with the emotional and verbal abuse inflicted by his boss at the workplace.
This is a coping mechanism that is all too common among men, Dr Lee, who is an addictions specialist, said.
“A lot (of clients) turn to alcohol to help them deal with their emotions. They use this as a crutch and when it becomes too problematic, they come to me for drinking issues, not depression. It is only from the drinking issue that we realise the root cause is depression.”
Dr Lee added many come to him only when the alcohol abuse is starting to impact their work, sleep and daily activities.
“Of course, alcohol complicates the matter, but the main symptoms of depression are the ones that are paralysing them,” he said.
Dr Radiah Salim, who started voluntary welfare organisation Club Heal in 2012, said when this happens, clients end up having two mental health issues.
“They have underlying depression and an addiction, which is also a mental health issue.”
In fact, Dr Radiah said counsellors at Club Heal, which helps clients deal with mental health issues, often look out for depression when a client comes in for addiction-related treatment.
Dr Radiah said by the time men decide to seek help, their mental health has often spiralled to a dangerous low, sometimes to the point of suicide.
Indeed, statistics by Samaritans of Singapore (SOS) revealed that more men committed suicide over a ten-year period up to 2014, with the most significant increase among older men. This was despite overall decreasing suicide numbers in 2014.
When assessing clients, experts also said depression manifests differently among men and women. Dr Lee said while women tend to have symptoms of anxiety and worrying, depression surfaces in men through anger outbursts.
This may be seen as aggression with the family, at the workplace or even incidents of road rage.
“SEEK HELP EARLY AND SEEK IT AS OFTEN AS YOU NEED”
For Jason, his second attempt at therapy was when he came close to a nervous breakdown.
“My students were consulting me and I just froze,” he recalled.
“I couldn't respond to them and had to motion to them to come back later. I arranged for therapy immediately after.”
Jason said apart from speaking to a counsellor, he was also taught cognitive behaviour therapy techniques to cope.
“There was also journalling, sketching and mind-mapping as it catered to what suited me best,” he said of his 18-month therapy experience.
He said there are opportunity costs in not treating depression early. In his case, it included settling down with a life partner later than his peers and lagging in terms of promotion and salary as he was distracted by his “emotional state of affairs”.
Jason said his experience has taught him that no one is truly perfect. He gave the analogy of being assigned to a physical employment status (PES) before being enlisted in national service.
“In their youth, most enlistees would want to be PES A, the ideal or pinnacle of physical perfection, because it gives them more chances to serve in the special forces or go to command school,” Jason said.
“The truth is that no one is truly 'PES A' when it comes to their overall state of health. Everyone has that something holding him or her back mentally, where it would do them well to seek treatment.
"The best maxim is this, seek help early and seek it as often as you need.”
Photo: Tom Pennington (Getty Images)
It took Roseanne Barr a little more than 60 days to destroy the reboot of her ABC show by simply being herself. Roseanne has been, and continues to be, a riled-up, white-supremacists-leaning, conspiracy-theorist-loving, “Make America Great America” hat-wearing troll on Twitter.
We all know the drill by now: Roseanne Barr tweeted some really vile and racist shit about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett because that's what MAGAs do. Then she got called on it, and ABC took the razor from under its tongue and cut her show off. Roseanne, who swore that she was leaving Twitter, didn't budge, nor why should she, as she is jobless and bitter, which pretty much makes her just like the rest of her MAGA brethren. Then Roseanne went on an apology tour and is now trying to reposition herself as a civil rights champion.
I'm not joking. She literally tweeted:
The most baffling position in this entire dustup wasn't Roseanne being Roseanne, nor was it Valerie Jarrett taking the high road and literally being Valerie Jarrett. It wasn't even the swift canceling of Roseanne's show. The most baffling position of this entire craziness would have to be President Donald Trump jumping into the fray to make himself the victim.
Advertisement
All of us just knew that the president was going to say something about the cancellation of MAGA's favorite television show, but I didn't know he'd be centering himself as the biggest victim of it all.
On Wednesday, not only did the president tweet:
Advertisement
But, then, during her routine press briefing, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, aka Suckabee, was asked why the president chose to condemn ABC's apology and not Roseanne's racist tweet to which Suckabee noted that the president is the president of all Americans and read a prepared tangent about the lack of apologies that the president had received from ABC.
Suckabee noted that the president never heard from ABC President Bob Iger to apologize for the truthful statements made by ESPN personality Jemele Hill or the truthful tweets posted by sports anchor Keith Olbermann:
Advertisement
Suckabee also included comedians Joy Behar and Kathy Griffin on the list of people who have been critical of the president for good measure. Conservatives immediately took to Twitter to do their whole “but ... but ... but ...” thing, but in truth they've missed the point.
This isn't about trying to fire other celebrities for offensive, even possibly racist, language, this is about appeasing a narcissistic orange mass of afterbirth masquerading as a president, who has found a way to make himself a victim even when he's not been victimized.
In fact, it's kind of becoming the White House's best trick.
The crime scene seems to go on forever, a taped off stretch of street scattered with bodies under orange sheets, urban debris and a pair of abandoned shoes.Toronto police have arrived, and a suspect is under lock and key, but no one yet knows why the driver of a white rental van spread death and destruction under the warm spring sunshine."I heard screaming, yelling. I turned back and saw this truck going that way. He was going in and out, back and forth, zigzagging. He just kept on going," said 42-year-old Rocco Cignielli.There was nothing the customer service worker could do. Emergency services were on the scene quickly, but in some cases, their efforts were in vain.At least 10 people have died in the attack officials called "deliberate" but not linked to national security concerns."I saw there were people lying on the ground. I saw they were doing heart compression, and I saw two people dying right here in front of me," Cignielli told AFP, pointing at the bodies.It was shortly after 1:00 pm (1700 GMT) on a working Monday when the speeding van hit this commercial thoroughfare in a district of high-rise residences in the north of Canada's biggest city.A pale but cheery sun shone after a long and grim final winter stretch even by the region's standards. Many local people were out and about.Nana Agyeman Badu, a 56-year-old taxi driver, saw the van heading south toward central Toronto, where ministers from the G7 world powers were holding a security conference.Then the van swerved onto the sidewalk."I thought maybe he was making a delivery. But I was thinking, 'Why would he drive in the pedestrian walkway like that?' Very fast. Then I saw he had already run over some people," the witness said."A lady was walking towards the car close to a bus shelter. The truck pinged the lady through the bus shelter and she fell back and all the broken glass fell onto her," he added."I stopped and ran out to help her. The truck continued going and going and going."The truck smashed a yellow fire hydrant, a few newspaper dispensers and there, a bit further, lies a pair of sneakers. "They belong to a victim," a police officer said.Some in a crowd that gathered by the police tape as dozens of rescue vehicles were deployed were dumbfounded. "It is a dangerous crossroads," one woman suggested."Oh, it was no accident," declared another passerby.
2018 Eric Namesnik Memorial Open
June 1st-3rd, 2018
Canham Natatorium, Ann Arbor, Michigan
50m (LCM)
Psych Sheets
The 2018 Eric Namesnik Memorial Open, a meet that was formerly part of the USA Swimming Grand Prix Series, will take place this weekend on the University of Michigan campus. Besides its role as a high-level local club meet, the event serves as a memory of former University of Michigan Eric Namesnik. Namesnik, a two-time Olympic silver medalist in the 400 IM, was a volunteer assistant for nearby Eastern Michigan University and a club coach for the hosts Club Wolverine before he died in a car crash in 2006 when he was just 35-years old.
Besides a large contingent of club swimmers from Illinois, Indiana, and Michigan who descend on this centralized meet every year, the majority of the University of Michigan varsity team will participate. That includes Felix Auboeck, who was the runner-up last year in both the 500 free and 1650 free at the NCAA Championships. The 2016 Austrian Olympian will swim the 50, 100, 200, 400, and 1500 meter freestyles.
His distance training partner PJ Ransford is one of only 9 men who will take on the 800 free.
Also attending the meet is Siobhan Haughey, a Hong Kong national who was 2nd at NCAAs last year in the women's 200 free.
Among the more unexpected names is that of Wu Qingfeng, a 15-year old from China who is swimming unattached. She was as fast as 24.89 in the 50 free at last year's Chinese National Games, when she was still 14. This weekend in Ann Arbor, she'll swim as the #2 seed in the 200 free (2:00.72), the top seed in the 50 free (24.62), and the top seed in the 100 free (54.59).
USA Swimming National Team members Ali DeLoof, Sierra Schmidt, Miranda Tucker, PJ Ransford, Vanessa Krause, and Charlie Swanson will all also be in attendance at the meet.
Former world number one golfer Tiger Woods had five different drugs in his system when he was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in May, according to an ESPN report on Monday.
REUTERS: Former world number one golfer Tiger Woods had five different drugs in his system when he was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in May, according to an ESPN report on Monday.
ESPN, which cited a copy of the toxicology report, said Woods had Hydrocodone, the generic form of a painkiller branded as Vicodin; Hydromorphone, a painkiller known as Dilaudid; Alprazolam, a mood and sleep drug known as Xanax; Zolpidem, a sleep drug known as Ambien; and Delta-9 carboxy THC, the active ingredient in marijuana, in his system.
It is not known if Woods had prescriptions for all of the medications. Medical marijuana is legal in Florida.
A request made by Reuters to the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office for a copy of the toxicology report was not returned.
Woods, who is second on the all-time list with 14 major titles, checked into a clinic in June for treatment to help deal with prescription drugs.
He said last month he had completed treatment.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"As I previously said, I received professional help to manage my medications," Woods said in a statement.
"Recently, I had been trying on my own to treat my back pain and a sleep disorder, including insomnia, but I realise now it was a mistake to do this without medical assistance.
"I am continuing to work with my doctors, and they feel I've made significant progress. I remain grateful for the amazing support that I continue to receive and for the family and friends that are assisting me."
Police found Woods stopped on the side of a Palm Beach-area road in his Mercedes-Benz at about 3 a.m. (0700 GMT) on May 29.
He had "extremely slow and slurred speech" after being awakened by a police officer but was cooperative and told officers he takes several prescriptions, including Xanax, according to a police report.
Woods, who had been heading away from his home, could not remember where he was going and told police he was returning from Los Angeles.
A blood test showed he had the painkiller Vicodin and the antidepressant Xanax in his system but no alcohol. He was charged with driving under the influence and improperly stopping his vehicle.
In a statement after his arrest, Woods apologised to fans and blamed the incident on prescription medication he was taking to manage pain from a recent back surgery.
(Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Posted by Mike Florio on June 14, 2017, 5:58 PM EDT
Colts quarterback Andrew Luck has said he hasn't thought about whether he'll be ready to throw when training camp opens. The team apparently has been thinking about it.
Or, more accurately, planning for him to not be ready to go.
Asked by reporters on Wednesday whether missing a week or two of training camp will leave Luck rusty to start the regular season, offensive coordinator Rob Chudzinski didn't call the question premature or hypothetical or stupid or whatever.
“Well you know what my answer is going to be,” Chudzinski said, via comments distributed by the team. “It has to be. We don't have a choice. That's what it is and that's the way it is. Obviously, it's a challenge. There will be things along the way that we're going to have to adjust and be flexible. There will be a plan to try and get those things done. If anybody can do it, Andrew can do it and we know that. We were dealing with that a lot last season, him not being out there and not practicing and us trying to get everybody else on the same page and together. Andrew has been here, that's the great thing about it. He's been active, around and in the meetings. You guys know how he is. He's a guy who prepares so well and he's able to take things from the meeting room out to the field so well that he's the type of guy that can make it happen.”
So, yes, it sounds like the team is prepared for Luck to not be ready to throw — and for the process of getting him ready to play being compressed.
Whenever Luck is healthy, the challenge becomes keeping him that way. Which prompted a simple question for Chudzinski: Does he agree with owner Jim Irsay's proclamation that the offensive line is fixed?
“The offensive line is a priority for us,” Chudzinski said. “Improvement in that area is necessary. We have some guys I thought that came a long way last year and made significant strides and improvements. But as I've said before out here, what was understandable yet not acceptable last season is not going to be understandable this season. As guys grow, and you expect that kind of growth and improvement out of them as time goes and who grows and who improves the most and how it all plays out in the spring. We'll get our chance to find out whether we're ready to go or not and I expect us to be ready to go.”
That's a far cry from declaring the offensive line to be fixed. Which means that neither Luck nor the line is certainly fixed. Which means that there's still cause for concern about a team that has missed the playoffs for two straight seasons.
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan on Monday (Aug 14) celebrated 70 years of independence from British India with a patriotic display including a giant flag and a show of airpower, as the military's top brass vowed to wipe out terrorists days after a deadly blast.
Celebrations began at the stroke of midnight with firework shows in major cities.
At the highly symbolic Wagah eastern border crossing with India, army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa raised a massive national flag on a 400 foot (122-metre) pole as crowds chanted patriotic slogans.
Following the chest-thumping performance Bajwa said the country was making progress and promised to "go after each and every terrorist in Pakistan".
"We have made a few mistakes in the past, but we are on the road to development under the guidance of our constitution," he added.
A powerful bomb targeted a military vehicle in the restive capital of Balochistan province late Saturday, killing 14 people including several troops.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The military later said the blast, claimed by the Islamic State group, was intended to mar independence day celebrations.
Pakistan also faces fresh political turmoil after the Supreme Court last month sacked Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif following an investigation into corruption allegations against his family.
In Islamabad his newly-elected successor Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, along with top generals and foreign dignitaries, presided over a 31-gun salute and flag-raising ceremony to mark the holiday.
"The independence that we got 70 years ago was the fruit of the exemplary struggle of our ancestors," said Abbasi in an address to the nation. "Thousands of Muslims have made sacrifices for our future and the future of our children."
Further south in Karachi the day began with a changing of the guard at the mausoleum of the country's founder Mohammad Ali Jinnah, where politicians and military commanders laid floral wreaths.
The portrait of Muhammad Ali Jinnah is seen at the India-Pakistan Wagah border post as a Pakistani Ranger (top) unfurls the national flag on Independence Day. (Photo: AFP/Narinder Nanu)
'LONG LIVE PAKISTAN'
The skies above the capital were later streaked with multicoloured smoke as the air force hosted Pakistan's largest air show to date.
Fighter jets criss-crossed over the leafy capital in aerobatic manoeuvres as thousands packed shoulder-to-shoulder applauded from a park below. Planes from close allies Saudi Arabia and Turkey also took part.
In Lahore students cruised through the eastern city's streets on motorbikes waving flags and screaming "Long live Pakistan!"
Up north in the Swat valley near the restive border with Afghanistan celebrations were more subdued, with events at schools cancelled due to "prevailing law and order" issues.
In nearby Peshawar, the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Christians held special services at a church and freed doves to mark the holiday.
"Four years back my father and brother died in this church in a suicide attack, but I am still here praying for my beloved country," schoolteacher Neelam Anwar told AFP.
In August 1947 the British Raj was dismantled with the subcontinent divided into two independent states - Hindu-majority India and Muslim-majority Pakistan.
Millions were uprooted in one of the largest mass migrations in history, with experts estimating at least one million died in the communal violence unleashed by partition.
The carnage sowed the seeds of the acrimony that led to three wars, and generations later this defining moment in the subcontinent's history is still polarised by nationalism and rancour.
The countries still wrangle over a large part of their shared border, especially in disputed Kashmir. They even recognise their independence from British rule on separate days, with Pakistan claiming August 14th and India celebrating the following day.
DALLAS (AP) — San Antonio's Kawhi Leonard is expected to make his season debut Tuesday when the Spurs visit Dallas.
Leonard has missed all 27 of the Spurs' games this season while recovering from right quadriceps tendinopathy, a condition that causes pain and weakness in the knee.
Leonard last played in Game 1 of last season's Western Conference finals. He hurt his left ankle in the opener of that series against Golden State, turning it while trying to land after a jump shot and coming down on the foot of Warriors center Zaza Pachulia.
The Spurs are listing Leonard as probable. Even without Leonard, who averaged a career-best 25.5 points last season and is a two-time defensive player of the year, the Spurs are 19-8 this season and third in the Western Conference.
SEOUL: Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov arrived in Pyongyang Thursday (May 31), North Korea's state media said, ahead of a landmark summit between Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Lavrov's visit comes amid a flurry of diplomatic activity to organise next month's summit, with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo also meeting Kim's right-hand man Kim Yong Chol in New York late Wednesday.
Advertisement
"Sergei Lavrov, foreign minister of the Russian Federation, arrived here on Thursday at the invitation of Ri Yong Ho, foreign minister of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea)", KCNA news agency said in a brief dispatch.
It gave no further details but Russia's Tass news agency said the two foreign ministers had begun talks at the Supreme People's Assembly building in Pyongyang.
The Russian Foreign Ministry said earlier they were expected to discuss "vital issues of bilateral relations and key international and regional issues".
Lavrov is paying a visit to North Korea for the first time since 2009, Tass said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lavrov spoke to his US counterpart Pompeo by telephone for the first time on Wednesday ahead of the Secretary of State's dinner meeting with Kim Yong Chol.
Washington is pressing North Korea to quickly give up all its nuclear weapons in a verifiable way in return for lifting sanctions and economic relief.
But analysts say North Korea will be unwilling to cede its nuclear deterrent unless it is given security guarantees that the US will not try to topple the regime.
- Advertisement -
Pep Guardiola said Manchester City's triumph in the Manchester derby was a victory for the honesty of his players and their football following criticism from Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho.
Set-piece goals from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi earned City a 2-1 win at a snow-flecked Old Trafford on Sunday that propelled Guardiola's side a yawning 11 points clear of United at the Premier League summit.
Mourinho had accused City's players of diving and committing “tactical fouls” prior to the game and afterwards he made an unconvincing claim his side should have been awarded a late penalty when Ander Herrera was booked for diving.
But Guardiola said: “We won because we were better. In all departments, we were better.”
Guardiola grew accustomed to Mourinho's barbs when he was in charge of Barcelona and the Portuguese was trying to knock him from his pedestal at Real Madrid and he said his old adversary was up to his old tricks.
“The message was the same in Barcelona: our players diving,” Guardiola told his post-match press conference.
“When a team has the courage to have 65, 70, 75 percent average ball possession in all the games, it's because it's an honest team.
“It's because they want to play. And that is what we have done. We are clear, we are open. We want the ball, want to attack, we want to try to win the games in the way we believe.
“The others can do whatever they want. My players want to play, want to attack. Sometimes they're quicker, sometimes they're faster, but they're not a team who try to look for something special (by diving).
“Because we are honest.”
In a classic example of Mourinho mischief-making, the United manager had also questioned Guardiola's right to wear a yellow ribbon in solidarity with the jailed Catalan separatist leaders Jordi Cuixart and Jordi Sanchez.
- Advertisement -
The City manager has not been told he cannot wear the ribbon and he delivered an impassioned defence of his position after the match, saying he intended to show his support for the pair “even if they suspend me”.
City's goals ‘disgraceful'
While City were the dominant team — seeing 65 percent of the ball and registering seven shots on target to United's five — it took a dazzling double save from Ederson to thwart Romelu Lukaku and Juan Mata late on.
Mourinho was aggrieved by an incident prior to that when Spanish midfielder Herrera flopped to the ground over Otamendi's foot and was booked — correctly — by referee Michael Oliver for simulation.
Mourinho, whose team briefly drew level through Marcus Rashford, claimed it was a “huge penalty” and said the two goals his side conceded, both of which stemmed from fluffed Lukaku clearances, were “disgraceful”.
“Yes, they had much more of the ball, yes they had that apparent control of the game,” Mourinho said.
“But the biggest save is the double save of their goalkeeper and the biggest decision of the game is the unlucky decision of Michael (Oliver).”
He added: “Manchester City are a very good team and they are protected by the luck and the gods of football are behind them.”
Asked whether the title was now irretrievable, Mourinho conceded: “Probably, yes.”
Guardiola was more circumspect, instead opting to congratulate his players on becoming the first team in the history of the English top flight to win 14 straight games within the same season.
“You cannot be champions in December,” he said.
“It's important for our confidence to feel that we can compete on big stages with huge personality. Of course we are so happy. But it's December.
“We have three days (before playing Swansea City), no recovery. In (another) three days, Tottenham Hotspur. We'll see where we are in March and April.
“But of course we're so glad and so happy to win 14 games in a row.”
Mel B's huge bust-up with ex Stephen Belafonte on the eve of the “X Factor” final was sparked after he accused her of sleeping with Simon Cowell, The Sun on Sunday can reveal.
The claims caused blazing rows when Mel starred on “X Factor” and sparked a rift that led to the collapse of their marriage.
A raging Belafonte leveled the accusations as Mel prepared for the talent show's final in December 2014.
She missed the first night of the two-parter after arguing with Belafonte and undergoing hospital treatment following a pills overdose.
But when she bravely took to the stage on the Sunday night — appearing with bruises on her face and arms — Mel hid the fact her husband had accused her of an affair with the show's boss.
There is no suggestion Cowell and Mel B did have an affair.
A source said: “Stephen's jealousy at that point was causing massive problems in the marriage — and he was convinced something was going on between her and Simon.”
“He did not like the fact Mel obviously looked up to him and spoke about him a lot.”
“He thought she was up to all sorts at the time — but accusing her of sleeping with Simon was a real low point.”
“He just couldn't control his jealousy and anger when she was appearing on such a high-profile show with successful people that he didn't know.”
“It caused huge arguments and led to a loss of trust that never really healed.”
“It is definitely one of the things that led to the eventual breakdown of their relationship.”
Former Spice Girl Mel confided in pals about the accusations — telling them they left her bemused and embarrassed.
During her stint as a judge, “X-Factor” cast and crew were aware of Belafonte's jealousy and the convicted thug was banned from the studio.
The Sun told last week how Belafonte, 41, flew into a rage over her flirty antics with co-judge Cheryl.
He is said to have lost his temper backstage after Mel grabbed Cheryl's bum and walked into her dressing room wearing next to nothing.
Mel, 41, has filed for divorce from husband of 10 years Belafonte and has since won a restraining order against him amid claims of physical and emotional abuse during their union.
One of the explosive claims made by Mel was that she took the overdose in the run-up to the “X Factor” final at the west London home she shared with producer Belafonte.
In the legal papers — filed with an LA court — she said her husband flung her in a room and said: “Die, bitch.”
Cowell, 57 — who has also hired Mel on “America's Got Talent” — spoke out in support of Mel as he prepared for Sunday night's “Britain's Got Talent” launch.
The TV mogul told The Sun: “She's an incredible person. She's under pressure but I think she's in a good place.”
“If you think about what Mel's done since leaving The Spice Girls and what she's gone through, it was astonishing.”
On Sunday an “X-Factor” source said: “Belafonte is an odious character who will say anything — and these claims by him are laughable.”
“There is no truth in the accusations that anything happened between Mel and Simon.”
“They don't even have a flirty relationship.”
“Simon likes her, and thinks she is professional, so looks out for her as a friend.”
Cowell and other “X Factor” figures are said to have advised Mel to leave Belafonte, as their tensions marred her spell on the show.
But after her hospital dash, the couple got back together — insisting there had been no violence between them — and jetted back to LA.
However, they have now had a bitter and public split, with Mel even claiming Belafonte got their nanny pregnant, and made her have an abortion, during their troubled marriage.
The couple is now battling over custody of daughter Madison, 5, and over Mel's estimated £40 million ($50 million) fortune.
Belafonte has denied the allegations against him, calling them “outrageous and unfounded.”
By John Sturbin | Senior Writer
RacinToday.com
Two-time/reigning NHRA Funny Car world champion Robert Hight proudly added the No. 1 decal to his race car between test runs during Thursday's opening session of NHRA Spring Training at Wild Horse Pass Motorsports Park in Chandler, Ariz., as preparations began for the 2018 season-opener.
Hight, who won his first title in 2009, designed his two-time champion's No. 1 with a patriotic red, white and blue look reminiscent of motorcycle icon Evel Knievel.
“Adding this No. 1 is big, but it's also a target on our backs,” said Hight, driver of the Auto Club of Southern California Chevrolet Camaro SS fielded by John Force Racing. “We worked really hard to get this No. 1 and my goal and everyone's goal on this Auto Club Chevrolet team is to start the season strong and lead the points the whole season. We have a great team of three Funny Cars here at John Force Racing and I'm ready to get the season started.”
Matt Hagan of rival Don Schumacher Racing led the Funny Car participants at the facility outside Phoenix with a pass of 3.879-seconds at 330.72 mph in his Mopar Express Lane Dodge Charger R/T. Another two-time world champion, Hagan finished the 2017 season fifth in points. Hight trailed Hagan with a run of 3.880-seconds at 324.05 mph.
Hight will be looking for his fourth career victory during the Mello Yello Drag Racing Series season-opening 58th annual Lucas Oil NHRA Winternationals on Feb. 8-11 at Auto Club Raceway in Pomona, Calif.
Meanwhile, three-time world champion Antron Brown led the Top Fuel field. A four-time national event winner in 2017, Brown wheeled his Matco Tools Dragster to a pass of 3.714-
seconds at 328.46 mph to top the leader board. He was followed by Don Schumacher Racing teammate Tony Schumacher, an eight-time world champ, at 3.717-seconds at 330.15 mph in the U.S. Army dragster.
“We're getting seasoned-in with our two new guys on our team and with crew chiefs Mark Oswald and Brad Mason at the helm,” Brown said. “It just feels good to be back in the swing of things. We're getting back and getting better and we'll see what tomorrow brings, but right now I like the direction we're going.”
Texan Steve Torrence, who finished second in 2017 points, took laps in his Capco Contractors/Torrence Racing dragster and another dragster driven by his father, Billy, at selected events.
“We had a really good car the whole time last year but struggled after the wreck at Dallas,” said Torrence, referring to a grinding crash during the Countdown to the Championship AAA Texas FallNationals at Texas Motorplex in Ennis. “We were able to spend the offseason getting things addressed and go over everything with a fine-tooth comb. We're coming here to try a couple of things but won't deviate too much from our tune-up.”
In Pro Stock, two-time world champion Erica Enders drove her Melling Performance/Elite Motorsports Chevrolet Camaro to a 6.555-second run at 210.28 mph, while new teammate Alex Laughlin piloted his Gas Monkey Energy Camaro to a pass of 6.580-seconds at 209.10 mph.
###
Virginia Motorsports Park has come to the rescue of NHRA, filling the Mello Yello Drag Racing Series schedule vacancy created by the recent and unexpected exit of Old Bridge Township Raceway Park in Englishtown, N.J.
The NHRA Virginia Nationals has been added to the championship tour in Richmond, Va., on June 8-10, bringing the number of 2018 national events back to 24. VMP was one of several tracks vying to host an NHRA event after cancellation of the prestigious Summernationals.
“We're excited to return to Virginia Motorsports Park under its new ownership and the VMP team is eager to host our drivers, sponsors and fans,” NHRA President Glen Cromwell said in a statement from the sanctioning body's headquarters in Glendora, Calif.
Virginia Motorsports Park hosted its most recent NHRA national event in 2009. Track-owner Tommy Franklin and family recently purchased the facility. The Franklins and VMP General Manager Allen Carpenter are planning a complete refurbishment of the track surface.
“We are thrilled to get the opportunity to host an event in the NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series,” Franklin said in a statement. “We want to have the fastest track in the series and make this a premier destination for drivers and fans alike. It's going to be a fantastic event.” Tickets for the NHRA Virginia Nationals will go on sale in March.
Family-owned Old Bridge Township Raceway Park informed NHRA officials on Jan. 18 the facility would not be staging either quarter-mile or eighth-mile drag racing this season, immediately dropping the 49th annual NHRA Summernationals from the schedule. The race weekend was booked for June 7-10 as Round No. 10 of the 24-event schedule.
Founded and owned by the Napp family since 1965, Old Bridge Township Raceway Park had forged a reputation as the Northeast's premier drag racing facility. The Summernationals and 48th annual Amalie Motor Oil NHRA Gatornationals in Gainesville, Fla., ended the 2017 season tied as the fourth longest-tenured national events on the NHRA tour. The Napp family plans to re-focus its business program on a variety of entertainment events.
###
U.S. Army Racing has added Leah Pritchett to its 11-time championship-winning Top Fuel driver lineup of Tony Schumacher and Antron Brown for the 2018 NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series season.
Pritchett and the Don Schumacher Racing Mopar/U.S. Army Dragster team will join eight-time world champion Schumacher and three-time champion Brown as the Army Racing heritage launches its 18th full season of NHRA competition.
In addition to representing the U.S. Army on the racetrack during the 24-event season, Pritchett will join “The Sarge” and Brown in the Army's initiatives away from the track, including local high school programs at each track on the circuit, the Army's Centers of Influence (COI) and the NHRA's Youth & Education Services (YES) events during race weekends throughout the season.
“Tony Schumacher, Antron Brown and their respective teams have been the ultimate representatives of our more than 1-million U.S. Army Soldiers around the world,” said Elizabeth Wilson, deputy assistant secretary of the Army for marketing and director of the Army Marketing Research Group. “We are extremely proud to welcome Leah Pritchett to the Army Racing family and look forward to the addition of a third championship-contending driver and team to the lineup.”
In her first full season with DSR, Pritchett won the season-opening Winternationals in Pomona, Calif., her first of four event titles and six final-round appearances. Pritchett added six No. 1 qualifying efforts and also twice set national elapsed time records over 1,000-feet _ 3.658-seconds in February in Chandler, Ariz., and 3.640-seconds in August at Brainerd, Minn. She finished fifth in the final Top Fuel standings after qualifying for the Countdown to the Championship playoffs for the second year in a row.
“This is one of the most prestigious partnerships of my career and for our team, and we look forward to joining this very successful Army duo of Tony and Antron, creating the U.S. Army trifecta,” Pritchett said. “This is a tremendous opportunity for us, to represent the soldiers who serve and enable us to do what we love.
“Tony and Antron have had an insurmountable impact on my life. I'm humbled and honored to join them in representing the U.S. Army. Tony was my first favorite driver in the NHRA. I met him even before the U.S. Army partnership began for him and watched him from the other side of the ropes. I've always seen Antron as a role model since his switch to Top Fuel.
“As every year becomes slightly more surreal, this is yet another new chapter, one that carries the prestige and the honor with my two teammates of representing soldiers around the world. Our goal is to win on the track for my team, win for the Army in the communities we visit and represent the U.S. Army with our entire heart and soul.”
###
Mopar and Dodge/SRT have confirmed increased commitments to Top Fuel driver Leah Pritchett and two-time Funny Car world champion Matt Hagan for the 2018 season. The brands will take primary placement on Pritchett's Don Schumacher Racing/U.S. Army dragster at seven of 24 events , more than three times the sponsorship from two races last season.
Hagan, who like Pritchett captured four wins and the fifth spot in the final 2017 standings, will celebrate a decade behind the wheel of a Mopar-powered DSR Dodge Funny Car in 2018. The brands will serve in a primary sponsorship role for 14 races during 2018.
###
NHRA's revised 2018 Mello Yello Drag Racing Series schedule with starting times for FOX and FOX Sports 1 and 2's television broadcasts. (All times ET and subject to change):
Feb. 11 _ Lucas Oil Winternationals, Pomona, Calif. (5 p.m. live on FS1)
Feb. 25 _ NHRA Arizona Nationals, Chandler, Ariz. (6:30 p.m., FS1)
March 18 _Amalie Motor Oil NHRA Gatornationals, Gainesville, Fla. (7 p.m., FS1)
April 8 _ DENSO Spark Plugs NHRA Nationals, Las Vegas (6 p.m., FS1)
April 22 _ NHRA SpringNationals, Baytown, Texas (2 p.m., Live on FS1)
April 29 _NHRA Four-Wide Nationals, Concord, N.C. (6 p.m., FS1)
May 6 _NHRA Southern Nationals, Commerce, Ga. (6 p.m., FS1)
May 20 _Menards NHRA Heartland Nationals, Topeka, Kan. (2 p.m., Live on FS1)
June 3 _Route 66 NHRA Nationals, Joliet, Ill. (5:30 p.m., FS1)
June 8 _ NHRA Virginia Nationals, Richmond, Va., (television TBD)
June 17 _NHRA Thunder Valley Nationals, Bristol, Tenn. (7:30 p.m., FS1)
June 24 _Summit Racing Equipment NHRA Nationals, Norwalk, Ohio (6:30 p.m., FS1)
July 8 _NHRA New England Nationals, Epping, N.H. (1 p.m., Live on FS1)
July 22 _Mopar Mile-High NHRA Nationals, Morrison, Colo. (3 p.m., Live on FOX)
July 29 _Toyota NHRA Sonoma Nationals, Sonoma, Calif. (4 p.m. Live on FOX)
Aug. 5 _NHRA Northwest Nationals, Kent, Wash. (4 p.m., Live on FOX)
Aug. 19 _Lucas Oil NHRA Nationals, Brainerd, Minn. (2 p.m., Live on FS1)
Sept. 3 _Chevrolet Performance U.S. Nationals, Clermont, Ind. (11 a.m. Live on FS1)
Sept. 3 _ Chevrolet Performance U.S. Nationals, Clermont, Ind. (1 p.m., Live on FOX)
NHRA Mello Yello Countdown to the Championship
Sept. 16 _ Dodge NHRA Nationals, Reading, Pa. (7:30 p.m., FS1)
Sept. 23 _AAA Insurance NHRA Midwest Nationals, Madison, Ill. (8:30 p.m., FS1)
Oct. 7 _AAA Texas NHRA FallNationals, Ennis, Texas (12 p.m., Live on FS2)
Oct. 14 _NHRA Carolina Nationals, Concord, N.C. (2 p.m., Live on FS1)
Oct. 28_ NHRA Toyota Nationals, Las Vegas (7:30 p.m., Live on FS1)
As the RSAF marks its 50th anniversary, a comparison between its first and most recent fighter jets highlights its development as a lethal force.
SINGAPORE: Back in the day, a bombing run with the Republic of Singapore Air Force's (RSAF) the earliest fighter jet, the Hawker Hunter, meant first completing a math exercise.
Before setting off, pilots would bury themselves in charts and tables, manually calculating the perfect trajectory for the bomb drop.
They must consider the day's wind and humidity, then figure out how high the aircraft should fly and how much it will drift. Once airborne, they intentionally aim off target and release the bomb.
“One degree off your dive angle and the bomb will drop short,” said Colonel (COL) (Ret) Peter Wong, a 65-year-old former Hunter pilot. “Everything has got to be right.”
The RSAF has come a long way since 1970, when it bought its first British-made Hawker Hunter. As it turns 50 this year, it boasts a fleet of fourth-generation fighters, the F-16 and F-15SG.
The F-16. (Photo: Mindef)
Advertisement
Advertisement
“When you drop a bomb now, all you need to do is point the laser there and just release,” COL (Ret) Wong said of the current warplanes. “Everything is calculated for you.”
Indeed, Senior Lieutenant-Colonel (SLTC) Tham Yeow Min, an F-15SG pilot, called the aircraft a “huge technological advancement”.
While the Hunter could only hit enemy planes that were within sight, the F-15SG comes equipped with beyond-visual-range missiles. For bombing, Hunter pilots sought out targets using their eyes. F-15SG pilots can rely on some of the latest air-to-ground radars.
“It was quite crucial to be able to see the guy. If not, you could never engage him properly,” COL (Ret) Wong said. “Today's situation is very different. From miles away, you already start to get yourself ready.”
“It's quite a world of difference,” he added.
ME6 Mike Pathi (left) and COL (Ret) Peter Wong chat beside a Hawker Hunter at the Air Force Museum. (Photo: Aqil Haziq Mahmud)
The same goes for repairs, as current fighter jets are designed for ease of maintenance.
While a Hunter would be out for three months during a major service, it would take about 10 days for an F-16. Minor fixes on a Hawker would require three technicians; an F-16 would only need two.
“The Hunter was built to fight, maintenance was secondary,” explained Military Expert 6 (ME6) Mike Pathi, a Hunter technician and F-16 ground crew. This meant the Hunter only came with three technical manuals. In contrast, the F-16 has more than 200.
ME6 Pathi, 58, said moving between the two platforms was a “culture shock”. “Because there's so much data collected on the F-16 through the years, it's started to become more reliable.”
GRACEFUL HAWKER HUNTER
Today's warplanes might be easier to fly and maintain, but this doesn't mean a pilot's job has become a walk in the park, said SLTC Tham, who is also deputy commander of the fighter group.
“It seems simpler because everything is automated, but now we are tasked to do more in one pass,” the 47-year-old said. “So, we just pile up the workload.”
For example, fighter crew now focus on operating a range of sensors and weapons simultaneously, he added. This enables them to drop multiple bombs and strike more targets in a single mission.
“In terms of workload for the older platforms, it was just flying the aircraft,” he noted.
Technical specifications of the Hawker Hunter.
COL (Ret) Wong's first solo flight on the Hunter is something he will never forget. It was 1973 and the Hunter was the fastest thing he'd ever flown then.
“The first time I took off, they always say your brains sit on the runway and you're up a few thousand feet already,” he said.
The Hawker Hunter. (Photo: Mindef)
Still, the “graceful” Hunter handled steadily, even at low altitudes. This was unlike other aircraft Singapore had at the time, he added. “The A-4 Skyhawk at low levels shakes like hell, but this guy just glides through.”
While the Hunter wasn't the most advanced aircraft at the time, COL (Ret) Wong said it was an “appropriate” addition to the then-fledgling air force. “You did not have a lot of technical expertise to support any sophisticated aircraft.”
Hawker Hunters in formation. (Photo: Mindef)
COL (Ret) Wong went on to fly the Hunter in overseas exercises in countries like Indonesia and the Philippines. He also took part in a number of aerobatic displays as part of the Black Knights.
So when the Hunters made a final appearance at West Coast Park on Singapore Armed Forces Day in 1983, before being retired nine years later, he felt sad.
“Most pilots that flew the Hunter really loved the aircraft,” he said. “It was a joy to fly.”
AWESOME F-15SG
But even before the Hunters were phased out, the RSAF had delved into supersonic flight by acquiring the F-5 in 1979. In 1983, it got its first F-16, before unveiling the F-15SG more than two decades later.
“The RSAF is always trying to acquire the latest technology to meet our demands,” said SLTC Tham. “We also ensure our procedures are up to date to fulfil our national defence requirements.”
Technical specifications of the F-16 and F-15SG.
The “awesome” F-15SG is one example of the latest technology there is, as SLTC Tham likened it to an “extremely powerful” American muscle car.
“The key thing is it's an air superiority fighter,” he said. “We have a weapon systems officer employing a whole array of weapons with advanced sensors.”
In the bigger picture, the fact that RSAF's warplanes and personnel do well in overseas exercises that involve foreign forces is a huge deterrence against potential enemies, he added.
SLTC Tham Yeow Min in the cockpit of an F-15SG. (Photo: Mindef)
SLTC Tham looked back proudly at the 2011 RSAF Open House, when he was part of the team that showed off the F-15SG to the public for the first time.
“It's always a privilege to show Singaporeans that we have this capability and that we are here for them,” he said. “Individually, we feel proud that we are able to operate this platform to its full capability in such a short span of time.”
The F-15SG dropping bombs. (Photo: Mindef)
COL (Ret) Wong was asked if he dreamt of flying modern jet fighters.
“Every time I see the F-15 and F-16 fly, I wish I was up there sometimes,” he said with a laugh. “With the sheer power of the aircraft, you also feel shiok.”
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Larger Cover Linux for Makers Understanding the Operating System That Runs Raspberry Pi and Other Maker SBCs By Publisher: Maker Media, Inc Final Release Date: March 2017 (est.) Pages: 256 Linux is a powerful open-source operating system that has been around for many years and is widely used for running servers and websites. But most students and Makers encounter it for the first time when they are working on projects with their Raspberry Pi or similar single-board computers (SBCs) such as BeagleBone Black or Intel Galileo. Linux for Makers is the first book that explains the Linux operating system specifically for Makers, as opposed to programmers and administrators. By gaining a deeper understanding of Linux, Makers can add another useful tool to their kit that will help them build their projects more easily. Written with the Maker in mind, this book will focus mostly on Rasbian running on the Raspberry Pi as it is the most prolific in the ecosystem today. However most of the topics covered will apply broadly to other Linux distributions and will be called out when they may differ. Many times users cut and paste from a website tutorial into the Linux command line without understanding what they are actually doing only to be frustrated when they want to modify or tweak something to suit their needs. Also, many Makers shy away from using the Raspberry Pi or similar board because they feel Linux is too foreign and they think using a command line will be more difficult than using a GUI. This book aims to overcome those fears and provide a foundation for further learning and exploration. To that end, this book will focus on the basic principles that a Maker would need to know as opposed to other resources that go into detail that is not particularly relevant to building projects. Title: Linux for Makers By: Aaron Newcomb Publisher: Maker Media, Inc Formats: Print
Safari Books Online Print: Pages: 256 (est.) Print ISBN: 978-1-68045-183-2 | ISBN 10: 1-68045-183-9 Aaron Newcomb has been a maker since he was old enough to hold a screwdriver and has been using Linux since 1997. He currently works in the IT industry and co-hosts several shows about technology for TWiT, LLC, including FLOSS Weekly, All About Android, and This Week in Google. In 2012, he founded Benicia Makerspace where he currently serves as President and Executive Director. Product Details About the Author Recommended for You Customer Reviews Immediate Access - Go Digital what's this? Pre-Order Print: $24.99 March 2017 (est.)
On the eve of India's 71st Independence Day, President Ram Nath Kovind spoke of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision of ‘New India' and set New India Goals that the nation aims to achieve before 2022, when India completes 75 years of Independence from British rule.“In 2022, we will celebrate 75 years of Independence. By then, we should create a New India and fulfil all our goals. What does New India mean? Every family should get a home, the country should have met electricity and water supply demands and have a roads and rails laid out. But a New India should not just move towards the future but also be sensitive. We should be a society that embraces people living in border areas, who feel disconnected from the rest of the nation. We should be a society that thinks of its poorest citizens. We will build a New India where people can develop their talents to their full capacity. We need to build a society that has no information asymmetry. We must ensure that girls are not discriminated against and everyone receives an education. A fully literate and educated society is one of the goals of New India,” the President, in his first major address to the nation since assuming office, said.He added, “We should not just think of ourselves and our families but think beyond ourselves. I laud those who gave up their gas subsidies so that the poorest of families could get freedom from smoke in their kitchens.”The President also lauded the government's policies and urged citizens to become “partners” of the government. “The government has brought GST but it is up to the people to follow it. Government can make and implement laws but it is up to people to have civic sense. The way you, the citizens, stood with the government in the fight against corruption and black money is a reflection of society.”
At first whiff, the traffic and grime of Montreal's busy downtown may not seem like the best inspiration for a luxurious perfume, but Claude-Andre Hebert begs to differ.
In honour of the city's 375th anniversary, the Montreal-based perfume maker has launched five scents, each inspired by a different area of the city.
One evokes the essence of bustling Sainte-Catherine Street, while others try to capture the romance of Old Montreal, the grandeur of old churches, or the scent of the grass on Mount Royal.
READ MORE: A sneak peek as Jacques-Cartier Bridge lights up for Montreal's 375th anniversary
How does one capture the scent of a city?
Hebert says it starts with a story.
“I always start with a blank page and write a story, and every word that's important in the story is transformed into an ingredient,” he said from behind the counter of his Saint-Denis Street boutique.
For the scent inspired by Old Montreal, Hebert said he created a “vintage” perfume with hints of cardamom and cinnamon that brings to mind velvet and lace, the dust of the city streets and the smell of the nearby Saint Lawrence River.
READ MORE: Saint Joseph's Oratory gets facelift for Montreal's 375th anniversary
The floral-scented “Metropole” incorporates tobacco and hops — a nod to downtown nightlife — while the perfume named after Mount Royal includes pine and hints of the incense that wafts over from nearby Saint-Joseph's Oratory.
Hebert, 47, said he started his own line in 2002 after realizing that most perfume makers focus more on ingredients than on inspiration.
“They talk about the top note, the base note, the patchouli… it's like a recipe” said Hebert, who previously worked for labels that include Aramis and Thierry Mugler.
“For me a perfume is much more than that.”
Hebert orders his ingredients from a company in Grasse, France.
Once they arrive they are mixed with corn alcohol to create a ratio of 20 per cent raw materials, 80 per cent alcohol and about one per cent water.
READ MORE: Mount Royal granite sculptures over budget at $3.45M
He said he eschews chemicals when possible, opting for 95 per cent natural ingredients.
The perfumes then sit for about a month before they hit the shelves.
WATCH BELOW: Celebrating Montreal's 375th anniversary
The finished product sells for $185 for 100 ml — a testament to the cost of the ingredients and the steps involved in the process.
But Canadians don't seem to be put off by the price of what is undeniably a luxury purchase.
Although there are no precise Canadian sales figures, the fragrance industry is estimated to have grown four to five per cent in 2016, according to the Canadian Cosmetic, Toiletry and Fragrance Association (CCTFA).
READ MORE: Jacques-Cartier Bridge lights up for Montreal's anniversary
So-called niche fragrances like the ones Hebert sells — ones available through a limited number of channels — are a small but growing category in that market.
Hebert said scents are important because they can help create or trigger memories and give people a little boost when they want to feel sexier or more energized.
“If all your chakras are perfect you probably don't need perfume,” he said.
“But the perfumes are there if you need a little touch, a little push.”
- Advertisement -
Olivier Giroud is “one of the best strikers in the Premier League”, according to Jack Wilshere, with Arsenal fortunate to have such depth to their squad.
The France international has found himself nudged down the pecking order at Emirates Stadium, with Alexis Sanchez taking a central striking berth last season and Alexandre Lacazette drafted in for 2017-18.
Giroud is, however, proving to be a useful option off the bench, with a record-equalling 17th goal recorded as a substitute during a 1-1 draw with Southampton on Sunday.
A lack of game time is reported to have led the 31-year-old to ponder a move elsewhere, with World Cup places to consider, but Wilshere believes Arsenal should be doing all they can to retain the services of a proven performer who remains an important asset for Arsene Wenger.
The England international midfielder told the club's official website: “I think it shows the depth in our squad.
“For me Oli is one of the best strikers in the Premier League when he's on it and he's on the bench, so it shows what we've got.
- Advertisement -
“There are a lot of games in December, so I'm sure he's going to get a start and if he's coming on scoring goals that's massive for the team and it was an important goal for him today.”
Wilshere is another of those who has been forced to make peace with a bit-part role this season, as his contract continues to run down, but the 25-year-old insists that he is just happy to be involved.
He added: “I'm enjoying it.
“I'm enjoying playing and I want to play as much as I can. I've said before that I've missed way too much football and I'm just enjoying it at the minute.
“I don't think it was our best team performance, but we showed character and dug in at the end and, if you can't win a game, don't lose a game. We might look back at the end of the season and see it as a valuable point.”
Wilshere has previously admitted that he intends to assess his situation at Arsenal in January, with there no fresh terms on the table as he enters an uncertain period of his career.
Wenger, meanwhile, has sought to assure Giroud that he remains a key part of his plans and that more starts will come his way over the remainder of the 2017-18 campaign.
Have you ever heard of James Herman Banning? The Oklahoma native was the first African-American to fly across the continental United States.
He did it in a plane he built himself, according to Alicia Latimer, African-American Resource Center Coordinator for Tulsa City-County Library System.
Banning, born in 1899 in Oklahoma, learned to fly in Iowa after his family moved there. He was the first black aviator to obtain a license from the U.S. Department of Commerce, EarlyAviators.com states.
The "Fly With Banning" exhibit on display now at Rudisill Regional Library tells some of the Greatest Stories Never Told, Latimer said. Banning died at an air show with another pilot at the controls.
The Banning exhibit will be in the lobby through March 10, 2017. It's free and open to the public at 1520 North Hartford Avenue.
Getty Images
The Colts will be adding a longtime member of their offense to their Ring of Honor this season.
The team announced on Tuesday that Reggie Wayne will be added to the group during the team's November 18 game against the Titans. He will be the 15th addition to the Ring of Honor and the first since Peyton Manning was inducted last season.
Manning and Wayne shared space in the huddle from 2001-2011 and Wayne made 862 of his 1,070 career receptions over that span. That's good for second in team history behind Marvin Harrison and 10th in the history of the NFL. Wayne also ranks second in Colts history in receiving yards and touchdowns behind Harrison.
Wayne spent three years with the Colts after Manning departed for the Broncos and had a brief stint with the Patriots during the summer of 2015 before calling it a career.
Non-profit organization Oeil is concerned that so-called “slum lords” may try to take advantage of the growing number of asylum seekers coming in from the Canada-U.S. border. Global's Tim Sargeant reports.
BRITAIN is set to be hit by a megastorm today – unleashing rain, hail and dangerous lightning strikes.
The two-day deluge brings with it a government “danger to life” warning as powerful downpours and wind threatens to close roads and cause travel chaos. It will hit this morning at rush hour amid warnings to stay indoors during lightning strikes. Numerous inches of rain will be dumped on the UK in minutes with homes and businesses expected to face flooding.
GETTY/WEATHER OUTLOOK DELUGE: Huge storms are set to hit the UK today
“We expect heavy downpours and thundery outbreaks” Grahame Madge This comes as the country was hit by storms on Tuesday with floods and lighting strikes forking across the sky. It will be south England which is hit by the worst of the weather tomorrow while the whole country is at risk tomorrow. Met Office rain warnings are in place across the East Midlands, eastern England, London and the south-east, south-west England, Wales and the West Midlands from mid-morning today.
UK weather pictures: The ‘MOTHER of all thunderstorms' strikes Britain After a sunny start to the Bank Holiday weekend, with temperatures reaching 27C, Saturday's balmy evening eventually broke into a violent thunderstorm accompanied by heavy rain. 1 / 13 Jan Sedlacek / SWNS.com Bolts of lightning illuminate the skies over Worcestershire
Spokesman Grahame Madge said: “A belt of thundery rain will come in from France and Belgium on Thursday just after rush hour before moving across the southern half of the country through the day. “We expect heavy downpours and thundery outbreaks which could be similar to those we saw at the start of the working week. “Friday will be a similar day with quite a lot of intense, thundery downpours which we expect to be more widespread than Thursday's. “This period of thundery activity is due in part to warmth over the past week which has put a lot of energy into the atmosphere. “We have also had high levels of humidity, both of these ingredients are required to set off thunderstorms.”
WEATHER OUTLOOK PUMMELLED: At 3pm on Thursday the south of England will see torrential rain
A Met Office warning for torrential rain has been issued for 11am tomorrow and lasting around 12 hours. Flood warnings have also been issued by the Environment Agency with fears a month's worth of rain could fall in just hours. Met Office chief forecaster Andy Page said severe weather conditions threaten widespread disruption until midnight.
Weather girls in bikinis Flick through our gallery on the sexiest weather girls from around the world, stripped down to their bikinis 1 / 10 Instagram Leticia Castro – KXTV (Sacramento, California)
He said: “Thunderstorms are likely to affect southern parts of the UK from late Thursday morning through the rest of the day. “Flooding of homes and businesses could happen quickly, with damage to some buildings from floodwater, lightning strikes, hail or strong winds. “Fast flowing or deep floodwater is possible, causing a danger to life, spray and sudden flooding could lead to difficult driving conditions and some road closures and where flooding or lightning strikes occur."
“Power cuts might occur and other services to some homes and businesses could be lost, some communities might become cut off if roads flood," he added. "There is the potential for 1.5ins of rain to fall in an hour and perhaps as much as 3.1 ins in two to three hours. “Frequent lightning and large hail are possible.” More than 30 flood alerts have been issued across southern and central Britain by the Environment Agency.
Hotter than a heatwave: Bank holiday BABES strip off in the scorching weather The hottest bikini babes strip off as the record breaking May weather continues throughout the bank holiday weekend. 1 / 8
The Gospel of John says that “Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.” So what does that tell us about a man who laid down his life for someone he didn't know in a town where he didn't live?
Perhaps it tells us that Sgt. Eddison A. “Eddie” Hermond, 39, a National Guardsman who was living in Severn, was one of those people who regard everyone around him as a friend, and feels that it's his job to help them in a crisis.
Hermond, who had more than a decade of active duty in the Air Force, was eating with friends at an Ellicott City restaurant on Sunday afternoon, when a flash flood swept cars before it and forced residents to retreat to the upper floors of buildings.
After helping his friends keep the restaurant's doors shut, Hermond heard screams from the owner of a nearby business who was clutching her cat and trying to escape through a window. He motioned to her to wait and to not move, moved toward her — and disappeared into the water.
He wasn't seen again until Tuesday, when searchers found his body in the Patapsco River.
His friends were devastated but not surprised. “It's the most Eddie thing ever that just happened,” one of them told The Baltimore Sun.
How many of us will get an obituary as fine as that?
Here's one of Hermond's last Facebook posts: “OK kiddos, it's Friday and the start of the Memorial Day weekend. Let's get the hate out of our hearts. Focus on the positives and let's all, for once, enjoy life as it's meant to be enjoyed. Whatever your pleasure is … just be happy. We're free because people gave their lives for us to live this way.”
That's true. People did give their lives. People like Eddie Hermond.
Our condolences to his friends and family.
Daniel Youngblood
The best coaches — ones like Daniel Youngblood — go well beyond athletics. They leave young people with life lessons in determination, character and sportsmanship.
Youngblood, a champion wrestler when he graduated from Old Mill High School, went on to be an assistant coach at that same school, taking over as head coach in 2007. Over the next four years, he had at least one champion wrestler a year and led the Patriots to six titles in 2009. He was one of those coaches who got his teams to bond and was considered a “second father.”
He died Sunday, at age 51, after a boating accident on the Severn River. He leaves behind young people who benefited from being coached by him — benefits that have little to do with whether they remember how to get out of a half nelson.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Band: ZZ Top
Date: Saturday, Feb. 18, with doors at 7 p.m.
Venue: Saenger Theatre, 6 S. Joachim St., www.mobilesaenger.com
Tickets: $66-$192, available through Ticketmaster
From Freddie King to Stevie Ray Vaughan, the Texas blues scene has given birth to many legendary musicians. However, one blues outfit — ZZ Top — has remained a standout for almost half a century.
ZZ Top entered the Texas blues scene with its own brand of spicy Tex-Mex blues rock. With its driving blues guitar and twang nuances, the first track of its debut “ZZ Top's First Album” set a musical standard that the band has followed ever since. Hits such as “Mexican Blackbird,” “Legs,” “Sharp Dressed Man” and “Waitin' for the Bus/Jesus Just Left Chicago” helped propel this blues trio to a permanent place in both blues and rock histories.
Billy Gibbons (guitar/vocals), Dusty Hill (bass/vocals) and Frank Beard (drums) will stop in the Azalea City this Saturday on their “Tonnage Tour” in support of their latest release “Live — The Greatest Hits from Around the World.” Hailed as the “first official live album” for ZZ Top, it contains 15 tracks recorded in 13 cities around the globe.
ZZ Top fans can experience fan favorites as well as a guest appearance by Jeff Beck. While this album is a chance for fans to indirectly experience this renowned band live whenever they please, ZZ Top's live show is a must for any rock or blues fan.
Former militants from "bandit units" in Syria are now a real threat after the defeat of Islamic State, as many of them may be now planning to return to Russia, the RIA news agency cited the head of Russia's FSB security service as saying on Tuesday.
MOSCOW: Former militants from "bandit units" in Syria are now a real threat after the defeat of Islamic State, as many of them may be now planning to return to Russia, the RIA news agency cited the head of Russia's FSB security service as saying on Tuesday.
The FSB head, Alexander Bortnikov, also told a meeting of Russia's National Anti-Terrorism Committee the security service had uncovered an underground cell of extremists from Central Asia planning to carry out "terrorist acts" during the New Year and Russia's 2018 presidential campaign in the Moscow region.
(Reporting by Dmitry Solovyov; Editing by Maria Kiselyova)
JAKARTA: Luar Batang is one of the Indonesian capital's oldest neighbourhoods, founded in the 17th century to collect tolls from ships sailing in from the Java Sea when the city was the centre of the Dutch East Indies spice trade.
Now, it is being demolished and many of its residents are being evicted to make way for a giant seawall meant to keep Jakarta from sinking under rising sea levels. That has made it ground zero for the election of the city's governor, dubbed one of the most divisive election campaigns Indonesia has ever seen.
The incumbent governor, Basuki "Ahok" Purnama, was cruising towards a decisive election victory last September when he allegedly criticised a verse from the Koran that warns Muslims against allying with Christians and Jews.
Hardline Islamist groups responded with mass protests demanding that Purnama, an ethnic Chinese and Christian, be prosecuted. Police eventually did charge him with blasphemy.
It was Purnama who ordered the evictions from Luar Batang's slums to make way for one of his many infrastructure projects aimed at modernising this clogged and chaotic city.
Many of those who filled the streets of Jakarta to protest against him late last year were among the displaced, and violence broke out in Luar Batang after one of those demonstrations.
Luar Batang residents had just about given up their fight against evictions when the controversy over the Koran comments erupted, said one woman who did not want to be named, sitting outside a small shack amid the rubble.
"We see it as a gift from God," she said, describing the slur as a means to bring down Purnama.
NECK AND NECK RACE
Opinion surveys show Purnama running neck and neck with his challenger Anies Baswedan, who, like some 85 percent of Jakartans, is a Muslim.
Purnama, 50, inherited the governorship after Joko Widodo was elected president in 2014. His brash talking style, a contrast with the soft-spoken Javanese politicians who dominate the ruling class, has grated on some voters.
Purnama won the first round of voting in February in a three-way race with 43 percent of the ballots to set up Wednesday's second round with Basedan, who won 40 percent.
The campaign has been "the dirtiest, most polarising and most divisive the nation has ever seen," the Jakarta Post said in an editorial on Tuesday.
Calling the capital "the barometer of Indonesia's political pulse", the daily said the election would have a bearing on the next presidential election in 2019.
Police on Monday blocked plans by hardline Islamist groups to guard polling booths, citing the risk of clashes after a campaign fraught with religious tensions, and said around 66,000 police and military personnel will be deployed on voting day.
'VOTER FRAUD'
Prabowo Subianto, head of the Gerindra Party that Baswedan represents, said in a video message recorded over the weekend that "religious people need a leader who respects their beliefs". Prabowo lost the 2014 election to President Widodo.
Purnama faces up to five years in jail if convicted of blasphemy. His trial will resume on Thursday, when prosecutors will submit their sentence request.
Prabowo said he was concerned about potential voter fraud.
"Cheating is a common enemy to us. We don't want to cheat," he said. "However, we will not hold back if we are cheated."
Hardline Islamic cleric Habib Rizieq, who helped organise the anti-Purnama demonstrations during the campaign, last week urged Muslims to travel to Jakarta and be ready to "finish" their opponents.
"This is not a battle between Anies and Ahok. This is a battle between ... defenders of Islam and those who blaspheme against Islam," Rizieq said at an event in the city of Surabaya.
"Those who can come to Jakarta better have the guts to do so and prepare a will for your family," he added, as the crowd roared in response.
At Luar Batang, where Prabowo's party has set up tents for those evicted from their homes, the woman at the street cafe said people are tired of politicians' false promises and warned that frustration could boil over if Purnama wins the vote.
"If (Purnama) is elected again something extraordinary will happen," she said.
(Editing by Bill Tarrant)
The Met Office has issued yellow warnings for snow and ice as Sussex is expected to be hit by wintery showers tomorrow (Sunday, February 4).
Wintery showers are expected to mainly affect East Sussex, although residents are warned to take steps to prepare for icy roads and say some rail services are also likely to be affected.
Two warnings have been issued for tomorrow. The first between 2am and 10am and the second between 8pm and 10am on Monday (February 5).
The Met Office's Chief Forecaster said: “Cloud will tend to break overnight allowing temperatures to fall below freezing in places and ice to form on some untreated surfaces. In addition, wintry showers could very locally produce a light covering (1 cm or less) of snow.
“Scattered rain, sleet and snow showers are expected to be most frequent across Kent and East Sussex during Sunday evening before also affecting parts of East Anglia and Greater London later in the night. Showers are likely to fall as rain along eastern coasts but inland locally 1-3 cm of snow could accumulate, mainly over hills above 100 metres.”
Federal Reserve policymakers on Wednesday enacted their third small hike in a key interest rate in six months, a move that will push it above 1% for the first time since the 2008 financial crisis.
The 0.25 percentage point increase in the federal funds rate, which was widely expected by financial markets, was another validation of the recovery from the Great Recession. It also signaled Fed officials are convinced the economic slowdown over the winter was temporary.
Supporting that view, members of the policymaking Federal Open Market Committee indicated that they expected one more 0.25 percentage point increase this year and three next year -- the same as they had forecast in March.
And in another signal of their confidence in the economy, Fed officials announced that they intended this year to begin reducing the $4.5 trillion in Treasury and mortgage securities and other assets the central bank has purchased since 2008 in an attempt to stimulate the economy.
Fed officials voted 8-1 on Wednesday to raise the target level for the rate, a key benchmark for consumer and business lending, to between 1% and 1.25%. The rate, which can fluctuate a bit daily, usually settles somewhere in the middle.
Neel Kashkari, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, preferred to keep the rate at its current level and voted against the hike. In a policy statement, committee members said that economic activity "has been rising moderately."
Although monthly job gains have moderated, they still have been solid, while household spending and business investment has been expanding, the statement said.
Fed officials slightly boosted their expectations for economic growth this year, to 2.2% from a 2.1% projection in March. The forecast for 2018 remained the same at 2.1%.
They also were more optimistic about unemployment. Fed policymakers now expect the rate to be at 4.3% by the end of the year, down from a March forecast of 4.5%.
The Labor Department reported the rate fell to 4.3% in May, the lowest since 2001. Fed officials expect the rate to decline to 4.2% next year.
But they downgraded their expectation for inflation to 1.6% this year. That was down from 1.9% in March. The Fed's annual target is 2%, which policymakers still anticipate will be reached next year.
Investors have been eagerly expecting details for how the Fed would reduce the assets on its balance sheet.
The amount of assets soared from about $925 billion before the financial crisis hit as the Fed started to buy securities to try to stimulate the economy.
The plan announced Wednesday calls for the Fed to reduce its holdings by gradually allowing an increasing amount of maturing securities to be run off each month.
Over time, the amount of assets would be reduced "to a level appreciably below that seen in recent years" but larger than before the crisis, Fed officials said.
Policymakers said they would be prepared to stop the reductions if there were "a material deterioration in the economic outlook" that led to "a sizable reduction" in the federal funds rate.
Fed officials had indicated at their meeting last month they were ready for another small interest rate hike. Investors put the odds of a 0.25 percentage point increase by the Fed this month at about 94%, according to the CME Group futures exchange.
The economy grew at an anemic 1.2% annual rate from January through March. Economists expect a rebound in the second quarter to at least 2%.
But there have been some warning signs in the economic data. Labor market growth has slowed somewhat since last year, including a lackluster 138,000 net new jobs added in May. And retail sales in May posted their biggest drop in 16 months, the Commerce Department said Wednesday.
Inflation also has slowed. The consumer price index declined in May for the second time in three months, the Labor Department said Wednesday.
Twitter: @JimPuzzanghera
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — When Ernie Barnes played with the San Diego Chargers, his teammates nicknamed him “Big Rembrandt” because he was always scribbling on pieces of paper.
After he retired, he went on to become a famous painter. His “Sugar Shack” painting was on the cover of a Marvin Gaye album and was used in the closing credits of the sitcom “Good Times.”
Now the North Carolina Museum of History in Raleigh is exhibiting 38 of his paintings.
Many aren't known because Barnes often painted for people who commissioned his work.
Barnes played professional football in the 1960s before pursuing his art career. He's famous for his elongated figures of African-Americans in uplifting scenes.
The exhibit is the first since he died at age 70 in 2009. It continues through March 3.
Advertisement
Bayelsa State Governor Seriake Dickson has boasted that only the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will win future elections in the state.
Dickson, therefore, counselled members of other political parties, including loyalists of the Progressives Congress to renounce their membership and join the PDP if they had ambitions to contest any future electoral positions in the state.
The governor spoke at the Peace Park, Yenagoa, Bayelsa State capital, on Tuesday where crowd of PDP loyalists mobilised to celebrate his fifth year in office as the governor.
Dickson, who danced to Ijaw war songs before addressing large crowd of his supporters said, “This state is unshakably PDP. Anybody who wants to contest an election, let me put you on notice, the only platform that can win an election in this state under my leadership is the PDP.
Which election will be tougher than the one we won with me as candidate?
“We will lead the party to win all elections in the state, God willing. We have nothing to hide. We are busy chasing the challenges of government in Bayelsa and at this time our hands as we have always said are open.
“The doors of PDP in Bayelsa are open even for those who made mistakes, our big umbrella is waiting to receive all of them back. If they don't come back no way for elections in the state. Tell them. If they come back, accept them”.
Dickson insisted that the PDP would bounce back and regain the control of the centre in 2019 after resolving their internal crisis.
Advertisement
He said he had transformed the state and brought development, adding that the people of the state now had the best hospitals, roads and schools under his government.
Dickson said, “Everywhere you go, they tell you that one of the safest states in the country is Bayelsa because you said no to people who practise violence.
“You have seen massive roads and we will continue to build the roads, hospitals and schools which they could not build.”
The governor noted that the hardship in the state was caused by APC at the federal level, accusing the APC of destroying the economy.
Dickson said under the leadership of the APC at the centre, the naira which used to be N160 to a dollar had risen to above N500.
Dickson promised to lift an embargo in employment in the state immediately he completed his reforms in the the public service, saying his government would make more appointments to empower the people and reward persons who worked for his victory.
In his remarks, the PDP National Publicity Secretary and former Minister of Works, Prince Dayo Adeyeye, said when he first visited Bayelsa under former Governor Goodluck Jonathan, the state was a mini-village.
But he said Dickson had transformed the stage into a town, describing the governor as one of the pillars of the PDP.
Adeyeye said, “With Dickson, PDP has a future. The PDP managed the country for 17 years only for APC to destroy the economy.”
We all know that the Android O will officially be “unveiled” soon but the question is actually when. Someone from Android Police claims he has insider knowledge about not just when this will happen but that he actually knows what O stands for. The big reveal, as well as the official release to the Pixel devices, is expected to happen on August 21. And it looks like they're building it around another important event that will happen that day: the solar eclipse.
According to a series of tweets by David Ruddock, his unnamed source has said the reveal will be happening on the day of the solar eclipse. Google is also planning a major event out of that, and since the eclipse is a major phenomenon as well, we can assume it will be built around that. He did not however give any clue as to what the name will be, as he didn't want to “ruin the surprise”. There has been speculation for some time now that it will be Oreo, given that it's always been a sweet dessert and they've also previously tied up with a major brand, namely KitKat.
According to one source whose information I cannot verify, Android O will receive a name on the day of the solar eclipse (August 21st). — David Ruddock (@RDR0b11) August 10, 2017
Another thing that will happen on August 21 according to Ruddock is that the Android O update will be released to Google's current flagship devices, the Pixel and the Pixel XL. No news though as to when it will be officially released to the other OEMs and carriers and then eventually to the devices. Given our past experiences with major Google updates, don't hold your breath.
The Android O update for Pixel is now scheduled for August 21st. — David Ruddock (@RDR0b11) August 11, 2017
Based on the final developer preview released a few weeks ago, Android 8.0 O, you can expect features like toggles in the app info menu, adaptive notification dots, changes in the font, lock screen, and notifications, new app system icons, etc. Hopefully, we'll know more about it come August 21.
SOURCES: @RDRob11 (1), (2)
EXPAND Gabriel Orozco, Untitled, 2016 Image courtesy the artist and kurimanzutto, Mexico City. Photo by Estudio Michel Zabé.
The Getty's already massive PST: LA/LA initiative, a cross-institutional exploration of Latin American art "in dialogue with L.A.," just got bigger with the late inclusion of Marciano Art Foundation. Drawing from Guess Jeans founders Paul and Maurice Marciano's collection of contemporary art, the newish Wilshire Boulevard museum is mounting an exhibit in its third-floor ballroom beginning on Oct. 19 (through Jan. 20) that highlights works by artists from Argentina, Guatemala, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Venezuela. Artists represented include Allora & Calzadilla, Pia Camil, Jose Dávila, Gabriel Kuri, Adrián Villar Rojas, Gabriel Orozco, Damián Ortega, Analia Saban and Erika Verzutti. It'll be the first time several of the artists have work on view in L.A.
In a press release, Maurice Marciano said: “As a Los Angeles–based collector I have always looked to Latin American art as an important facet of our ever-expanding collection. I am very proud to join the Los Angeles arts community as part of PST: LA/LA to celebrate the unique voices of Latin American artists as well as the ties that link South America and Southern California."
The museum also announced that it is extending its must-see inaugural exhibition, the Jim Shaw retrospective "The Wig Museum," through Jan. 13. And it's free. Check out some exclusive examples of Latin American works from the Marciano collection below.
EXPAND Allora & Calzadilla, Lifesaver Manhole, 2011 ©Allora & Calzadilla Courtesy Gladstone Gallery, New York and Brussels
EXPAND Jose Davila, Esfuerzo común (Common Effort), 2014 ©Jose Dávila Courtesy of Galerîa OMR
EXPAND Pia Camil, Sleeve Roe Interior, 2016 ©Pia Camil Courtesy of Galerîa OMR
BRITAIN'S town centres are "in big danger of becoming ghost towns” and must “forget retail” to survive.
A bombshell report by retail expert Bill Grimsey has set out a blueprint on how to save the High Street from collapse. Bill Grimsey, former head of Wickes, Iceland and Focus DIY, has listed 25 recommendations that could do the job. One of them state: “Accept that there is already too much retail space in the UK… “…and that bricks and mortar retailing can no longer be the anchor for thriving high streets and town centres. Instead of shops, the report states: “They need to be repopulated and re-fashioned as community hubs, including housing, health and leisure, entertainment, education, arts, business/office space and some shops.”
GETTY END OF RETAIL? High Streets could be set for a huge transformation
Toys R Us collapse: SHOCK pics from inside its empty stores SHOCK pics from the children's toys giant's Scunthorpe and York branches looking empty and silent 1 / 21 Craig Walker All the shelves are now empty of toys
Grimsey warned in the report how online shopping and out-of-town shopping centres with free parking are killing the High Street. But not even the introduction of free parking to town centres are enough to save them now, he said. "If it was that simple then people would have done it already," he told the BBC. "The point is that the retail proposition in town centres has been overtaken by the more convenient out-of-town parks. The town centres should say 'let them have it'.
Is the Great British high street DYING? The beloved stores that have closed It seems like half the shops we remember from when we were kids have gone. Is the Great British high street dying? We take a look at the stores that have closed 1 / 19 PA Archive/PA Images BHS (British Home Stores) closed amid controversy surrounding chairman Philip Green in 2016
"In my generation as retailers, we successfully cloned every town in Britain so they all looked the same, but clearly that doesn't work. "All the towns have a heritage and history and their reason for uniqueness needs to be brought to the fore. "We need to repopulate these places and local authorities are the key to unlocking this, along with good leadership. Where it happens it can work." Grimsey's report states how 28,000 jobs have already been lost this year in a retail apocalypse that has seen major High Street brands collapse left, right and centre.
Troubled chains: The high street stores at risk of COLLAPSE Is the UK high street in CRISIS? 1 / 7 Bloomberg via Getty Images New Look is shutting down 60 stores across the UK
MILAN: Inter Milan were jeered off the pitch at the San Siro after extending their winless run to eight games with a 1-1 draw against minnows Crotone on Saturday (Feb 3).
Brazilian Eder headed in for the hosts after 23 minutes only for Andrea Barberis to level 15 minutes into the second half to leave Inter without a win in two months.
Inter captain Mauro Icardi was out injured but watched from the stands, with new signing Rafinha coming on late in place of Antonio Candreva who was substituted along with Marcelo Brozovic after being whistled by the crowd, with the banner "Wake up ... let's get back to winning" unfurled in the stands.
Crotone's Marcello Trotta tested the Inter defence in the 77th minute, breaking clear only for his sliding effort to fly just wide of the post.
Perisic missed two late chances to seal the three points as Inter suffered their fourth consecutive draw at home.
Spalletti's side remain fourth - 12 points behind league leaders Napoli - with Lazio in third, having a chance to pull four points ahead of Inter when they host Genoa on Monday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"It's clear that we're in a little difficulty, we're below par in more or less every area and haven't won for a long time," said Spalletti after a tenth game without a win in all competitions.
"Once something goes wrong, we lose confidence and seem to have a weak character. We return to having the fears of what was in the past."
Crotone coach Walter Zenga was in tears at the final whistle at his former club.
"To see the team play like this, with this character in a stadium like the San Siro against a side like Inter was wonderful," said former goalkeeper Zenga, who played over 400 games for Inter.
"It's never easy for me to come here and it feels as if my life goes flashing through my mind, all the history here. It's tough.
"We pushed hard and ran a few risks. I am happy with the performance, as I think if we play like this consistently, we will get the results."
Crotone is now three points above the relegation zone following a 1-1 draw against Cagliari and 3-0 win over Verona in the previous two weeks.
ACQUAH SCORES, SEES RED
Earlier, Ghanaian Afriyie Acquah scored the equaliser only to be sent off as Torino also settled for a 1-1 draw against European rivals Sampdoria.
Lucas Torreira put the hosts ahead after 11 minutes in Genoa, but Acquah equalised quarter of an hour later before being sent off for a second bookable offence in the second half.
"We had a great performance against a strong Sampdoria, I'm only sorry to have taken only one point," said Torino coach Walter Mazzarri, who was also banished from the sidelines late on for protesting.
"This team has been reacting really well for four games now and they retain the movements so well it's like watching a Playstation game."
Torino missed an early chance when Iago Falque picked up a Joel Obi cross but Sampdoria defender Nicola Murru cleared.
Torreira made no mistake two minutes later, with a free-kick passing through the wall to surprise Torino goalkeeper Salvatore Sirigu.
But Acquah levelled in the 25th minute with a shot from the edge of the box which took a massive deflection off Sampdoria defender Gian Marco Ferrari.
Torino could have taken the lead three minutes later with Mbaye Niang's lob just off target.
Torino lost both Nigerian Obi and Venezuelan Tomas Rincon through injury and were down a man for the final 15 minutes after Acquah was given his marching orders.
Sirigu kept out a Valerio Verre effort in stoppage time as Mazzarri was sent to the stands at his former club after Lorenzo De Silvestri received a blow to the head.
"The referee should have stopped play, so I got angry. Fortunately they didn't score, otherwise I would've been even angrier," said Mazzarri.
Sampdoria remain sixth - the final Europa League spot - four points ahead of AC Milan who play Udinese on Sunday - with Torino ninth.
Italian Serie A results:
Sampdoria 1 Torino 1
Inter Milan 1 Crotone 1
Rangasthalam in fresh plagiarism row with parallels drawn to Anjaam, Sidney Sheldon's A Stranger in the Mirror
A writer named Gandhi alleged that Rangasthalam director Sukumar lifted the climax of the film from his script 'Ukkupadam' and filed a complaint at Telugu Cine Writers Association. Gandhi felt that the climax of Rangasthalam is the major reason for the blockbuster success of the film. Seeking explanation from Sukumar, the association wrote to him but in his handwritten statement, the director denied that he never met Gandhi in his life.
Sukumar said that the climax is his own idea and ever since he watched 1979 film Dharma Yuddham, he wanted to make a revenge thriller like the Rajinikanth starrer. In Rangasthalam's climax, when Prakash Raj falls into a coma and is paralysed, Ram Charan helps him recover only to take revenge for the death of his brother (Adhi Pinisetty). In the film, Adhi blindly believes Prakash Raj but only, in the end, we get to know that the latter is a cunning politician who gives more importance to his caste and status than the welfare of people. As his daughter is in love with Adhi, who hails from the lower economic background, Prakash Raj sketches a secret plan and kills him.
The basic idea is that Ram Charan waits patiently for the recovery of Prakash Raj so that he would feel the pain of betrayal. The climax of the film was appreciated by critics and everyone raved about Sukumar's brilliance by placing an unexpected twist in the end.
According to Sukumar, he was also inspired by the ethics that in capital punishment, officials would wait for the person who suffers from fever to recover. The director has used the same concept in Rangasthalam but in their clarification statement, the writers association pointed out the similarity of the climax with Shah Rukh Khan-Madhuri Dixit's Anjaam and Sidney Sheldon's A Stranger in the Mirror so they refused to buy the fact that Rangasthalam was inspired only by Ukkupadam.
Now, netizens have started comparing Rangasthalam's climax with Anjaam. In the 1994 super hit psychological thriller directed by Rahul Rawail, Madhuri Dixit assists Shah Rukh Khan who becomes mentally challenged and paralyzed after killing her family in a car accident. Shah Rukh was also responsible for the death of Madhuri's husband in Anjaam so she assists him to recover from his illness and kills him.
In fact, Sidney Sheldon's A Stranger in the Mirror is a big inspiration for Anjaam. In A Stranger in the Mirror, the conflict between Toby and Jill was tweaked a bit in Anjaam. To Rangasthalam's luck, all these comparisons started only after the film registered a humongous collection at the box office. Currently, Rangasthalam is the biggest non-Baahubali Telugu grosser in Tollywood.
This is not the first time that a hit film has been mired in plagiarism controversy, AR Murugadoss faced the heat from writer Gopi Nainar (who delivered the critically acclaimed Aramm) alleging that the story of Kaththi belongs to him. Later, Kaththi was also remade in Telugu with Megastar Chiranjeevi as Khaidi No. 150 and went on to become as the highest grosser in the actor's career.
Superstar Rajinikanth's Lingaa, Shankar's Endhiran (Robot) and Kamal Haasan's Dasavatharam are the other popular films which were mired in plagiarism rows.
Updated Date: May 31, 2018 11:36 AM
BEIJING: Shanghai SIPG confirmed Wednesday (Feb 15) the signing of former Real Madrid and Chelsea player Ricardo Carvalho, the official Xinhua news agency said, making him the latest foreigner to be tempted by the riches of China's Super League.
Carvalho's signing had been finalised by the end of winter training, but the announcement was delayed as China's new restrictions on foreign players forced the team to "think carefully" about his role, Xinhua cited SIPG as saying.
Last month, the Chinese Football Association announced it would cut foreign player numbers in top-flight teams to curb massive spending on overseas talent. The new rules will permit teams to field no more than three foreigners in a match when the new 2017 season begins in March.
This will put a squeeze on the game time for SIPG's stable of talent which already includes four foreign players: Brazilian powerhouses Oscar, Hulk, and Elkeson, as well as Uzbek midfielder Odil Ahmedov.
"If any of [the] other four foreign players was injured, Carvalho will get chance. As one of the top defenders in the world, his experience is important to help young players," Shanghai SIPG president Chen Xuyuan told Xinhua.
In 2016, China was one of the world's top five spenders on international football players, doubling its payouts from the previous year to US$451 million.
In December, China broke the Asian transfer record for the fifth time in a year when SIPG paid Chelsea a reported 60 million euros (US$63 million) for Brazilian midfielder Oscar.
Last summer, the team purchased striker Hulk for more than US$55 million.
Carvalho, 38, comes to SIPG from French Ligue 1 team Monaco.
We all know Nicki Minaj loves flaunting her best 'assets', remember her Anaconda music video? Well, we were scrolling through her Instagram account and if you
03/06/2015 15:14:00
Today, the Sullivan's Island Fire Department hosted their 20th annual oyster roast.
The oyster roast supports the Island's volunteer fire department that has been serving the community for over 50 years.
All-you-can-eat oysters is usually enough to bring out a crowd, but on Sullivan's Island crowds come out every year for the oysters and to support the firefighters that help them every day.
"It's definitely grown. We started out even on our fish fry's where we'd make like a thousand or two thousand dollars. But now we're up in the ten thousand and up range," Sullivan's Island Fire Chief Anthony Stith said.
Fire Chief Anthony Stith says the proceeds from the oyster roast has helped to keep this 70-year-old volunteer fire department running.
"All the boat stuff, marine equipment, everything is bought and paid for by the fish fry and the oyster roast," Stith said.
The money is also used for maintenance of the department's fire trucks.
"It's an expensive event to put on because you pay a bunch of money for the oysters," Stith said.
Stith says they are able to make the money back every year. This year, profits will support resources needed for the summer.
"Beach season's coming. The Volunteers buy the jet ski's our rescue boats and that's the main stuff that we'll buy. We always update our equipment and make sure the volunteers have the best equipment," Stith said.
Right now there are about 30 volunteer firefighters working on Sullivan's Island.
Tonight's event featured a spotlight and a jump castle for kids and a good time for the entire family.
Over 1000 people attended the oyster roast.
Copyright 2018 WCSC. All rights reserved.
NAPA, Calif. — Tyler Duncan chipped in from the fringe for eagle on the par-5 18th hole Friday to take the second-round lead in the season-opening Safeway Open.
Making his second career PGA Tour start, Duncan shot a 6-under 66 for a one-stroke lead over defending champion Brendan Steele at Silverado Resort and Spa.
Duncan, the Web.com Tour graduate who shared the first-round lead with Steele and Tom Hoge, also had seven birdies and three bogeys to reach 13-under 131.
"It's crazy, it's nothing I could have ever dreamed of," said Duncan, whose only other PGA Tour event was as a regional qualifier in the 2015 U.S. Open. "I don't think it's sunk in yet, to be honest. It's something I've dreamed about for a long time. I'm just happy to be playing here and to be in the lead is something special."
Steele had six birdies and a bogey in a 67. He's 30 under is his past six rounds in the event.
"It was really a solid day, very similar to yesterday," Steele said. "I hit a lot of good shots, rolled and a lot of good putts and was able to watch Chesson go crazy."
Chesson Hadley, who began the second round seven shots behind the leaders, broke the course record with a career-best 61 to get within two strokes. He parred the final two holes.
"It's just one of those days everything was going my way," said Hadley, the 2014 Puerto Rico Open winner who regained his tour card through the Web.com Tour. "I was hitting great shots, good putts and got some good breaks. When you get that of momentum, things just go your way.
He had an eagle, 10 birdies and a bogey. His previous career best was a 64 in the opening round of the 2015 AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am.
Graham DeLaet of Weyburn, Sask., is five shots back after a second round 67. Nick Taylor (68) of Abbotsford, B.C., and Corey Conners (69) of Listowel, Ont., are five under while Ben Silverman (71) of Thornhill, Ont., is 3 under and David Hearn (72) of Brantford, Ont., is 1 under.
California wildfires continue to rage on and impact more communities including Carpinteria and Montecito.
On Sunday, Ellen DeGeneres was forced to jump into action to save her furry friends.
“Our house is under threat of being burned,” the talk-show host tweeted. “We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all of the incredible firefighters.”
She added that her area, Montecito, is working together. “Everyone … is checking up on each other and helping to get people and animals to safety. I'm proud to be a part of this community. I'm sending lots of love and gratitude to the fire department and sheriffs.”
Rob Lowe also shared his plans on Sunday.
“Praying for my town,” he tweeted. “Fires closing in. Firefighters making brave stands. Could go either way. Packing to evacuate now.”
He then followed up with a retweet of a Los Angeles Times story detailing the 230,000 acres burned by the fifth largest wildfire in modern California history.
Last week, Kimora Lee Simmons, Lea Michelle, Paris Hilton and more were forced to evacuate.
PITTSBURGH (AP) — The Pittsburgh Steelers are ditching their “bumble bee” throwback uniforms for something with a more 1970s feel.
The team announced Wednesday it will wear replica jerseys of the 1978 and 1979 clubs that won back-to-back Super Bowls when the Steelers host the Cleveland Browns on Oct. 28. Team president Art Rooney II said the choice of using the '78-79 jersey was fitting. The franchise will spend the next two seasons honoring the 40th anniversary of the teams that pushed Pittsburgh's Super Bowl total during the 1970s to four.
The move means the Steelers are ending the use of their 1933 throwbacks that featured black-and-gold horizontal stripes that made the team resemble a pack of bees.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
EXPAND Van Halen's then-manager Noel E. Monk backstage with band's equipment in 1984 Noel E. Monk
In less than a year, Van Halen went from making $750 a show while touring as support for bands like Journey and Black Sabbath to a $75,000 payday co-headlining the California World Music Festival at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
Former Van Halen manager Noel E. Monk writes about this steep ascension in his new book, Runnin' With the Devil. Although Monk hadn't heard a note of Van Halen's music when he agreed to come on board in 1978, initially as a tour manager, it soon became apparent to him that the band was special. And Monk had been around special before. He'd helped stage-manage Woodstock, was San Francisco concert impresario Bill Graham's right-hand man, befriended artists including Janis Joplin and The Grateful Dead, worked with The Rolling Stones, and had most recently been tour manager for The Sex Pistols. He chronicled his time with the latter punk legends in his 1990 book, 12 Days on the Road: The Sex Pistols and America.
The cover of former Van Halen manager Noel E. Monk's new book, Runnin' With The Devil. Dey St.
In Runnin' With the Devil — co-written with Joe Layden and published June 13 by Dey St. — Monk tells with a raconteur's tone the kind of juicy stories (ketchup-fetish groupies, booze- and coke-fueled hotel-trashing, ridiculous rock-star requests) that fans want to read. He also has plenty of more soulful memories about a young, hungry Van Halen seeing the world for the first time — and of singer/sexpot David Lee Roth, guitar genius Eddie Van Halen, bassist/nice guy Michael Anthony and drummer/hell-raiser Alex Van Halen beginning to realize their collective musical powers.
The son of a New York garment rep, Monk saw untapped vast earnings and led Van Halen to establish their own merchandising company, including manufacturing, which became a massive revenue source for the band. He's also quick to credit former Van Halen production/art director Pete Angelus and Roth for their creativity on Van Halen music videos like “Panama,” “Hot for Teacher” and “Jump,” which helped make the band early MTV darlings.
Runnin' With the Devil deals much more with the band's business and inner workings than their music. But with Van Halen, that's still page-turning stuff.
Monk was Van Halen's manager from 1978 to 1985, when he was dismissed by the band. On a recent afternoon, he called in for a phone interview from his Colorado Springs home. (I didn't notice until later that the last four digits of his phone number are 5150, which happens to be the name of Eddie Van Halen's recording studio, so I didn't get the chance to ask if this was a coincidence.) In the spirit of Van Halen, who embodied good times perhaps more than any other mega-band, the interview got off to a freewheeling start; the first thing Monk said on the phone was, “Ah yeah, is this Pam's Whorehouse?” He soon added, “So we should have a little fun with this.” And that's what we did. Below are excerpts from our conversation.
In your book you write about the acrimony that developed between Eddie Van Halen and David Lee Roth. Was there ever a time early on when those two guys would hang out as friends away from the band, that you can remember?
How could they? We were on the road on that first tour eight, nine months. We got three, four days off maybe. So basically we were with each other all the time. How were you getting away? You do a show, hang out at the bar until 5 in the morning, you get up and get on the bus you drive to the next show, you get laid. [Laughs] It's difficult. And I tried to show how it evolved and how it degenerated and the why.
EXPAND Van Halen singer David Lee Roth, left, and drummer Alex Van Halen during a promotional trip to South America Courtesy Noel E. Monk
You write about how, after Van Halen's 1978 self-titled debut LP, the next four albums were quickly recorded and often rushed, and when you finally got them more time, they made this amazing album, 1984. But all that time together in the studio helped drive the band apart, specifically Eddie and Dave.
You're talking about the other side [of making music], and that's egos, drugs and “I'm a superstar.” Time does not melt that away, it enhances it. You come off the road, you gotta do an album, you do it in three weeks, it's not your best album. I tried to explain that. The first album is the best first album I've ever heard a band do and 1984 was equally brilliant. The ones in between didn't live up to it, but we had such a fan base and they were such a brilliant [live] band.
For a few years, there's been a story going around [originated by Gene Simmons] about Eddie Van Halen asking to join Kiss in the early '80s. Are you aware of anything like that ever happening?
No. I don't think it happened. The one thing about the fans is they live off any innuendo or hearsay.
So you don't think the band came close to breaking up earlier, like in '81 or anything like that?
No. That was all fan gossip and writer bullshit.
When Dave made his first solo EP, did he ever hint he decided to do that at least partly because he didn't think Eddie was in condition to make another Van Halen album at that time?
No. I think he wanted his own career. I don't know. I never spoke to them again after we broke up in '85, so I can't talk to that. Who can say why he did it? David's an anomaly. I think he made a mistake, a big mistake. But that's me thinking and not me knowing.
If you had to be roommates with either [Sex Pistols singer] Johnny Rotten or David Lee Roth, who would you pick?
Do you mean what hotel would I jump off the roof of? I loved rooming with Sid [Vicious, Sex Pistols bassist]. Sid and I got along really well. He was to me the nicest guy in the band. But that question is a moot point. I would have slashed my wrists after a week.
In your book, you wonder if subliminally one of the reasons Eddie Van Halen married actress Valerie Bertinelli was to spite David Lee Roth, who you write about being more fame-driven than Eddie was. Did Dave ever date any famous people that you're aware of?
David was the first one who said, “I'm gonna marry a star.” But you've got to understand, I never saw him go out with anyone for more than a week or two.
EXPAND Van Halen bassist Michael Anthony, left, actress Valerie Bertinelli and guitarist Eddie Van Halen on the band's 1984 tour Courtesy Noel E. Monk
You write about the rest of the band in 1984 moving to get Michael Anthony's quarter split of the royalties taken away retroactive to the 1984 album, and him signing that addendum. Why do you think Michael agreed to that? Do you think he saw huge potential in future touring earnings or was worried about getting ousted from the band if he didn't sign?
I don't understand it, never will. I really liked Michael. He never gave me a problem, ever. I didn't understand why they did it to him, what he allowed to be done to him. Basically, what I would have said [to him] was, “Leave tonight and say goodbye and keep your $20 million. And they can't do a show tonight. What are they going to have? No bass player and no [backing] vocal?” I couldn't believe what they did to him. Usually, David and Edward and Al would have come to me and said, “What should I do”? Michael never came to me and said, “What should I do?” Because I would have told him what to do.
I thought they were the most brilliant stage show. Period. Watching David and Edward and Michael was just extraordinary every night. Facebook
Twitter
More shares recommend reddit email
Did working on the book and looking back on your time with Van Halen change your opinion about that band in any way?
No, it never changed. I thought they were the most brilliant stage show. Period. Watching David and Edward and Michael was just extraordinary every night. Someone once asked me, “What is the best show you ever saw them do?” And I said, “No, that's not the question. The question is what is the worst show they ever did?” Because they never did a bad show except once …
The US Festival [in 1983].
Right. The US Festival. They never did a bad show. They could be fucked up out of their minds, and they were brilliant. So that to me was amazing. Remember, I saw hundreds of their shows. The first year I saw every one, and usually I saw 90 percent of them.
If Van Halen and David Lee Roth hadn't split in 1985, what kind of music can you picture that version of the band making next?
My feeling was, in '84, that I saw the next five or six years of them becoming the biggest band in the world. We didn't make it. We could've been playing stadiums in '85. We didn't get to where we could've gotten.
Did any rock bands after Van Halen really impress you, like Guns N' Roses?
I thought they were good. They weren't Van Halen. I looked.
Did you retire after parting ways with Van Halen?
I took on a band called Prophet. They were good, but they weren't brilliant. But right off the bat they wouldn't listen. They screwed up their career. And at that point, after 25, 30 years in the business, I was disillusioned.
What was the most challenging thing about writing a book about a band that fired you all those years ago?
We couldn't come to a contract. I had done seven years [on a 30-day contract], and they decided they could do better without me. When you read the book you'll see their reason, which I don't quite agree with. [Laughs] They lost their merchandising company. They really lost Van Halen. They lost a lot, and so did I. People say they fired me — yeah, they did, because I had a month-to-month contract. But by that time I wanted rid of them as bad as they wanted to rid of me.
